The Minister of National Defence, the Honourable Anita Anand, announced today that Ottawa has authorised the deployment of Canadian Armed Forces (CAF) personnel to train new recruits from the Armed Forces of Ukraine, as they seek to increase the size of their ground forces in the face of Russia's ongoing invasion. The first of up to three training cohorts is scheduled to depart for a military base located in South East England on August 12. The training programme will be held under Operation UNIFIER, a military training and capacity-building mission in Ukraine launched in 2015 at the request of Kyiv. It was expanded and extended until March 2025 earlier this year. Through UNIFIER, the CAF will deploy up to 225 personnel to the UK, the majority of whom will work as trainers for an initial period of approximately four months. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin faces 'economic OBLIVION' as fears Russia's war dead total ‘passes 40,000’ The first group will be largely drawn from 3rd Battalion Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry based out of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada's Defence Ministry said. The first courses will focus on individual skills required for frontline combat, including weapons handling, battlefield first aid, fieldcraft, patrol tactics and the Law of Armed Conflict, the ministry added. Aspects of Operation UNIFIER were temporarily paused following the launch of the full-scale war on Ukraine in late February, but Ottawa committed to resuming training when and where conditions permitted. Ms Anand said: "When we paused training in Ukraine this past winter, we said clearly that we would resume the training whenever and wherever the opportunity arose. "By working with the United Kingdom, we will continue to make good on that promise. "Canada salutes the courage and bravery of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, and we will continue to help empower them with the skills that they need to defend their nation's freedom and independence." British forces began training Ukrainian soldiers to help in their fight against Moscow last month, with up to a total of 10,000 recruits arriving in the UK for specialist military training this summer. DON'T MISSIran threatens nuclear strike on NY City in fiery warning to US [REPORT]China vs Taiwan: Six things you NEED to know [EXPLAINER]FIVE Russian armoured vehicles wiped out in Ukrainian drone strike [VIDEO] As the first cohort arrived at a military base near Manchester, Mr Wallace said: "Using the world-class expertise of the British army, we will help Ukraine to rebuild its forces and scale up its resistance as they defend their country's sovereignty and their right to choose their own future." About 1,050 British service personnel were deployed to run the programme, which is taking place at four undisclosed MoD sites across the northwest, south-west and south-east of the country. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Tuesday said his men were being put through "hell" by Russian forces despite Western aid. Although supplies of weapons by the likes of the US were helping, Ukrainian troops have not yet been able to overcome Russian advantages in heavy guns and manpower, Mr Zelensky said in his late-night address. The leader stressed "words cannot describe" the suffering Russia's invasion is bringing to his country. He added: "This is very much felt in combat, especially in the Donbas. "It is just hell there." The UK has vowed to continue to aid Ukraine after the departure of Boris Johnson as Prime Minister, with both leadership contenders — Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and former Chancellor Rishi Sunak — pledging to follow in Mr Johnson's footsteps when it comes to his commitment to helping the war-torn nation.