The Bank of England increased interest rates to 1.75 percent in August in a bid to tackle soaring inflation. As a result, borrowing is more expensive and saving is more rewarding, meaning Britons are being encouraged to get a fixed-rate mortgage. Samuel Mather-Holgate of the Swindon-based advisory firm, Mather & Murray Financial, said: “If you have a mortgage, or are looking to borrow some money, my advice would be to lock in your rate now. READ MORE: Britons urged to 'lock in mortgage rate now' as inflation soars “If you prefer certainty, lock in for a long period as interest rates are still historically low, despite them increasing.” However, fixed-rate mortgage holders could end up paying more for longer should inflation and interest rates drop. He continued: “A word of caution though; when inflation falls back to normal levels, in six months' time, and the recession is in full swing, the Bank of England will be forced to cut interest rates. We just don't know by how much yet." Mortgage expert at money.co.uk, Claire Flynn, explained how a fixed-rate mortgage could spread out the impact of inflation. She said: “For those on a fixed-rate mortgage, changes in interest rates will not apply until the end of your fixed period. “However, for those on a variable-rate mortgage, such as a tracker or discounted deal, the impact is likely to be much faster, resulting in an increase in mortgage repayments.” As the cost of living crisis escalates lenders are preparing for an “uptick in mortgage activity”,  according to conveyancing service provider LMS. DON'T MISS: Is now a good time to invest in buy-to-let property? [INSIGHT]Specialist mortgage lending set to triple by 2030 [REPORT]What is a recession? What UK recession could mean for your money [ANALYSIS] LMS’ monthly remortgage data for June showed some 67 percent of Britons who remortgaged took out a five-year fixed rate product. Meanwhile, 30 percent remortgaged in order to lower their monthly payments. CEO of LMS, Nick Chadbourne, said: “It could be that more consumers are looking to secure longer term fixed rate products to improve financial security and manage the cost of living struggles. “As this crisis intensifies further and fears of a recession mount, this trend is likely to continue and the industry will need to cope with increased demand.” So how about YOU? Are you trying to remortgage early over fears of soaring interest rates? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.