Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, who has been at the helm of the SNP for eight years, revealed she is getting “closer” to that feeling “every single day that passes”. Her comments come just weeks after Ms Sturgeon admitted she might not lead the SNP into the next Scottish elections, saying she will decide whether she is the right person “nearer the time”.  Ms Sturgeon’s latest admission comes as she hosted an event at Edinburgh International Book Festival, with independence supporter and Dundee-born actor Brian Cox, who lives in New York. The actor told the crowds how he was enjoying life at 76, saying: “It's got better as I've got older, you know. I like being my age. I enjoy being my age more now than I have ever enjoyed before. "As I've got older, I just, I don't know, I feel more free. I just don't give a f*** anymore, you know what I mean?” To which Ms Sturgeon replied: “I can’t wait to reach that stage.” Mr Cox said: “Nicola, you will reach that stage.” She said: “I get a bit closer to it every single day that passes, believe me.”  READ MORE: Bin fury– Sturgeon's private rubbish collection funded by Scot taxpyer Speaking about her plans to hold an independence referendum in October, Ms Sturgeon told the crowds: “For me independence is about everybody who lives here in Scotland. “It doesn't matter where they come from. If you live here in Scotland, you have a stake in making this the best country it can be, and people who live here deciding the kind of country we want to be and the future we want. "We have to have the confidence, and our task is to persuade people that we can do better by taking our future into their own hands.”  DON'T MISS Nicola Sturgeon shamed — independence would leave Scotland 'poorer' [INSIGHT]Sturgeon humiliated after SNP let slip big issue with independence [REVEALED]Sturgeon independence plot could backfire spectacularly [INFO] While Mr Cox said Scotland needs "a bit more confidence" in its approach to independence as he joined Ms Sturgeon to discuss his new book, The Lion Of Dundee. He said: “My country has to be free. We have to be free. We have to be our own person. "Anybody who comes here sees the difference between the north and the south.  "It's so evident now, and Scotland has never been more ripe for it. "The only thing is, I just wish the people of Scotland would have a bit more confidence." Last month, Ms Sturgeon fuelled speculation was planning to step down as First Minister when she told the Edinburgh Fringe it was not a given that she would attempt to win a fifth term in power for the SNP in 2026. She said although it was her “default position” she would have to assess whether she still had the appetite and energy to do it.  Ms Sturgeon said: “Who in this room can say with 100 per cent certainty what we'll be doing four years from now? “The default position is that of course I’ll fight the next election, but I will make a judgment on that nearer the time. “This is a serious job and anybody in a job like this owes it to the public to make sure that they’re the right person to do it, that they've got the energy to do it, that they've got the appetite, that they're prepared to make the enormous commitment that a job like this involves, and to constantly be assessing and reassessing that. “I think that's important, and I will try my best to do that.”