  Frederick Waite Jr, who was a part of the band Musical Youth, has died aged 55. The star famously played drums on the band's megahit Pass the Dutchie.    Musical Youth took to Twitter to break the sad news of Frederick’s death, as fans paid tribute to the late musician. “We are sad to announce the passing of Musical Youth’s drummer Frederick Waite Jr,” the group’s statement read. “Our thoughts go out to him and his family during this sad time. “We have lost a musical legend, who inspired many young musicians over the last 40 years. READ MORE: John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning       “Rest in eternal peace,” the tweet finished, with a picture attached of a young and smiling Frederick. Details surrounding the 55-year-old’s death are not yet known, but Birmingham City Council have confirmed he died on July 20. British-Jamaican reggae band Musical Youth formed in 1979 in Birmingham, making their mark on the 80s music scene. The band are best remembered for their 1982 single Pass the Dutchie, which achieved the number one spot on various charts around the globe.      Musical Youth consisted of lead vocalist and percussionist Dennis Seaton, keyboard player Michael Grant, and guitar player and vocalist Kelvin Grant. The band also included Frederick on drums and his late brother Patrick Waite on bass guitar. Patrick tragically died from a heart condition in 1993 when he was aged just 24. In their heyday, the band recorded two albums and earned a Grammy Award nomination before disbanding in 1985 after a series of tragedies and personal problems. READ MORE... Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [INSIGHT] 'Thought you were naked!' Carol Vorderman, 61, in VERY low cut bikini [NEWS] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [NEWS]      In 2001, Dennis and Michael returned as a musical duo, while Kelvin pursued a solo music career. Musical Youth’s other hits include Youth of Today and Never Gonna Give You Up, which is not to be confused with Rick Astley’s hit of the same name. The band also collaborated with music icon Donna Summer, recording the song Unconditional Love with her. Tributes have been pouring in on social media for the band’s late drummer, Frederick.       Sharon Thompson penned: “Really sad to hear Frederick Waite Jr has passed away.” Jezc tweeted: “Very sad to hear the news of the passing of Frederick Waite Jr. His contribution and legacy to Birmingam’s music culture was enshrined at the Closing Ceremony. Rest In Eternal Power.” RoundTalk wrote: “You made my days happier #MusicaYouth #FrederickWaiteJR #PassTheDutchie. May his soul through the mercy of our Lord rest in peace. Amen.” Wayne added: “How sad to hear this news. Our thoughts go out to his family and Musical Youth.”    