Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag tore into his players in the aftermath of their 4-0 defeat to Brentford, according to reports. The Red Devils had gone into the game hoping to bounce back having lost to Brighton last weekend. But that didn’t happen, with goals from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo giving the home side all three points. Manchester United were abysmal against Brentford, with the Red Devils outplayed by their opponents for the second game in a row. And The Times say Ten Hag was furious with his players in the dressing room after the defeat. So angry is the Dutchman he’s now punished them by cancelling their day off, with players reporting to Carrington today as they seek an immediate improvement in form. United are next in action against Liverpool next Monday and, given how they were thumped home and away by Jurgen Klopp’s side last term, can be forgiven for fearing the worst. They were battered 5-0 at Old Trafford by the Reds in October, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in the dugout. Man Utd transfers: Man Utd have a De Jong swap deal that can change everything And Liverpool then won 4-0 at Anfield in April, with Ralf Rangnick calling on the club to sign as many as 10 new players following that setback. Fast-forward to now, and United have landed just three in Tyrell Malacia, Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez. And their shambolic performances against both Brighton and Brentford have hammered home just how big a job Ten Hag has on his hands. United have now lost their last seven away games. And with their rivals strengthening around them, it’s clear the Red Devils will struggle to qualify for the Champions League given their lack of investment. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already United are hoping to add to their squad, though, with three players being eyed as they aim to improve. The Red Devils remain confident of acquiring Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, despite Chelsea recently emerging as potential suitors for the Netherlands international. They believe they’ll be able to land Adrien Rabiot, too, with Juventus open to letting the France international go after three years in Turin. And United would like to sign Cody Gakpo from PSV Eindhoven, though their limited budget could cunt against them when it comes to striking a deal. Speaking after United’s defeat to Brentford, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted his players had let supporters down at the Gtech Community Stadium. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “It is difficult for me,” he said. “It is always a surprise when you start a game like this. “After 35 minutes we conceded four goals. This is not possible. The team has to take the responsibility, I feel really sorry for the fans who did everything to support us, we let them down.” And he added: “They are good players, and have to take responsibility on the pitch, as a team and as individuals, and that’s what we didn’t do. I asked them to play with belief and take responsibility for their performance, and that’s what they didn’t do. “It’s only when we stick together and work hard that we will overcome that. You have to take belief on to the pitch for yourself and the team. “Don’t get me wrong, the manager is responsible as well, he has the main responsibility, and I take that. And I will work on that. I have to give them belief, but they have to give it by themselves.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Brentford boss Thomas Frank, meanwhile, admitted his side targeted Lisandro Martinez during the showdown. "We knew we'd more likely either win it or the second ball around it,” he said when asked if they’d focused on the Argentina international. "Of course we looked at what Brighton did well against them, and Brighton are also like us in the way they want to play. "Normally Brighton always build from the goalkeeper, but they went long every single time so of course we looked at that. "We knew we had that weapon so that's why we did it." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here