It will be important not to give in to emotions, especially if lashing out could hurt someone. Cool down and return to the subject when you are feeling more in control. A highly charged situation will cause everyone some tension. It will be as if you are all watching, waiting and wondering about what might happen next. A youngster in the family is accident-prone. If you are a parent, you might feel as if you need eyes in the back of your head. You can’t seem to drop your guard for a moment, as just as you are sitting comfortably, there will be another fall, spill or accident to deal with. The more practical your thinking, the sooner you will find solutions to difficulties that face you now. Your aim should be to control emotions and keep both feet on the ground. In money matters, there will be a few risky conditions to overcome.  Do your best to be more considerate even if you feel a partner is the one who is being awkward. They might be finding it hard to express their ideas. Arguments over a joint project could result in you both giving up on this altogether. This will be a waste of all your past hard work. Someone you are introduced to may have some weird interests, yet you will find yourself fascinated to hear about their experiences and skills. Arrange to meet up again privately, so you can find out more. A big social event, award ceremony or business meeting will add excitement to your day. There seems to be no peace, no matter where you might be. Even your home is a hive of activity. Others expect you to take part in whatever is going on. Since you don’t want to upset anyone, your only option seems to be to roll up your sleeves and join in.  It will be embarrassing that you have overlooked work or financial issues, and this is now causing problems. Now you realise what you have done; you may have no option but to sort it out. Burying your head in the sand is not the solution. Diplomacy is necessary if you aren’t getting on with someone in your immediate environment. Constant bickering and arguing will only slow down overall progress and cause many frustrations. Even so, you aren’t going to give up on some hopes you have been holding onto for a while. Commitments to work and family keep you tied up longer than you had hoped. This won’t prevent you from starting to make plans for the months ahead. Included in these will be some travel, but for the time being, home entertaining seems to be taking up a lot of your time and energy.  In the back of your head are all the things you still have to do, and you’re wondering how you are going to find the time. Ask for help when you need it. In most matters, you can count on the support of your family, friends and colleagues. News received from a senior colleague, agent, or representative will give you something good to be hopeful about. It’s early days yet, but it is starting to look as if some negotiations that recently began are going to go your way. People will look to you to organise a fund-raiser. Where there is a compromise, teamwork will bring positive results. Even so, you might wish you hadn’t volunteered to help make all the arrangements. You may not end up with exactly what you had hoped for, but you will decide to make the most of it, whatever occurs. 