Nick Kyrgios has fired back after being challenged over one of his previous comments about rival Pablo Carreno Busta. The Spaniard won the biggest title of his career on Sunday, lifting a maiden Masters 1000 trophy in Montreal. It comes after Kyrgios claimed the world No 14 wouldn’t be in the top 50 without playing on clay. Carreno Busta added to his impressive CV on Sunday as he won a first-ever Masters 1000 title in Montreal with a 3-6 6-3 6-3 victory over eighth seed Hubert Hurkacz. The 31-year-old already had an Olympic bronze medal and two Grand Slam semi-finals on hard courts before winning his biggest career title on the surface, something that Kyrgios was reminded of after Carreno Busta’s title win. It comes after the Aussie previously claimed that the seven-time title winner’s ranking was mainly reliant on his success on clay. “If clay didn’t exist. Dude wouldn’t [have] even been close to top 50,” the world No 28 tweeted in September 2020. ‘We Are Tennis’ then earned themselves a frosty response from the 27-year-old when they reposted the tweet. “Nick Kyrgios, about Pablo Carreno Busta, September 2020,” they wrote, before comparing the Spaniard’s Masters title and two Major semi-finals on hard courts to Kyrgios’ zero, adding: “Karma”. JUST IN: Djokovic US Open petition flying with Serb set to get update 'soon'  The Wimbledon finalist was quick to fire back after he was called out for his old comments, taking aim at Carreno Busta’s losing record from their previous encounters. “Nah I’m good, our head to head is a laugh,” he quipped back, adding a laughing-crying emoji. The rivals have faced off three times in the past, with Kyrgios winning all three meetings including a quarter-final clash earlier this year in Halle. The Aussie Open doubles champion downed the Spaniard 6-4 6-2 back in June, and also won their meetings at the 2016 Australian Open and 2015 Estoril Open. DON'T MISS Raducanu gives update on new Russian coach as Tursunov returnsMedvedev doubles down on Djokovic US Open ban view with Nadal reasonNadal denies Djokovic chance for rematch as Spaniard skips Davis Cup   The world No 28 himself became one of the favourites to lift the title in Montreal last week after he downed top seed and 2021 champion Daniil Medvedev in the second round for his second career victory over a world No 1. He reached the quarters before losing to eventual-finalist Hurkacz. "Hubert has a spectacular serve, one of the best in the world and this shot helped him a lot,” Kyrgios said after the match. “I knew I didn't have much fuel in the tank today. My body has been under constant strain and I think it's normal to be out of energy. This week I had some problems in both my abdominal and knees." 