WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from House of the Dragon. Lord Corlys Velaryon joined forces with one of the most powerful houses in Westeros, the Targaryens. He married Princess Rhaenys Targaryen (played by Eve Best) and the pair have two children together. Lord Corlys is keen to keep his powerful position in King’s Landing and will do anything that is required, including offering his youngest daughter Laena (Nova Foueillis-Mosé) to the King. Lord Corlys is played by Steve Toussaint in the Game of Thrones spin-off. Steve is a British actor of Barbadian descent and has starred in Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, Judge Dredd and Shooting Dogs. The actor is 57-years-old and previously auditioned for a role in Game of Thrones but was not successful. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview When Steve was announced as Lord Corlys, he was targeted by racist trolls who claimed he should not have been cast in the franchise. The actor hit back at critics telling Men’s Health: “So many people are basing their idea of the history of this country on a few films and stuff that were made in the '50s, '60s and '70s, which don't bear any resemblance to the truth. “Historically, people of my hue and your hue, we didn't just turn up here in the '70s or the '60s. “There was a point when the ruler of his country, the Caesar, was an African man. “There are street names that tell you there were people who looked like us in this country even then, but for some reason, it seems to be very hard for people to swallow.” The actor added: “They are happy with a dragon flying. They're happy with white hair and violet-colored eyes, but a rich black guy? That's beyond the pale.” Lord Coryls was hailed as the greatest seafarer in the Seven Kingdoms at the age of 37 and one of the most ambitious. DON'T MISS...House of the Dragon: Alicent Hightower have kids in Fire and Blood? [INSIGHT]Milly Alcock on ‘difficult’ scenes with House of the Dragon co-star [INTERVIEW]Who plays Laena Velaryon in House of the Dragon? [EXPLAINER] He was seldom satisfied and always wanted to explore further but was known for being valiant when at war. Corlys was born at Driftmark and after growing up on ships, sailed on his own boat, Sea Snake, which he built himself. He went on to marry Princess Rhaenys, the only child of Prince Aemon Targaryen. When Aemon died in battle, Rhaenys was expected to be named the new heir to King Jaehaerys I Targaryen, however, she was passed over in favour of Viserys (Paddy Considine). The couple were not happy with the decision of the Great Council and Rhaenys was often known as the Queen Who Never Was. Despite this setback, the pair went on to have two children together; daughter Laena, and son, Laenor. When King Viserys’ wife died in episode one of House of the Dragon, Corlys later suggested he marry Laena to join the two families together. House of the Dragon continues every Sunday on HBO at 9pm ET in the US and every Monday at 9pm on Sky Atlantic in the UK.