Tennis star Nick Kyrgios has been denied a three-month adjournment over a common assault case just days before the 2022 US Open kicks off at Flushing Meadows. Kyrgios was charged following an alleged incident with his ex-partner Chiara Passari in January 2021. The Australian Open men’s doubles winner did not appear at the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) Magistrates Court on Tuesday, and was represented by his solicitor Michael Kukulies-Smith. Mr Kukulies-Smith requested that the case was put on hold until November 25. This was due to Kyrgios spending little time in the territory and that an application was planned, however Magistrate Louise Taylor rejected the request. The Magistrate went on to question why Kyrgios’ lawyer was unwilling to go into detail as to why he and his representative called for a delay in the case. Speaking to Mr Kukulies-Smith in Canberra, Ms Taylor said: “I'm not quite certain what the case for secrecy is.” In relation to Kyrgios’ busy professional tennis schedule, she added: “Lots of defendants have matters they'd like the court to accommodate.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic gets US Open ban indication as tournament release vaccine protocols  The prosecution also opposed the "secrecy" surrounding Mr Kukulies-Smith's application on behalf of Kyrgios, which is still yet to be made. The case has now been adjourned to October 4. The denied adjournment comes just days before Kyrgios is set to compete in the fourth and final Grand Slam event of the year at the US Open. The Australian heads into the tournament in fine form on the court, after ending his three-year wait for an ATP Tour event with victory at the Citi Open earlier this month. DON'T MISSCameron Norrie given boost despite Borna Coric defeatUS Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity matchRoger Federer hints that injury comeback is closer than ever  Kyrgios took just 81 minutes to win the title he last claimed in 2019, as he defeated Yoshihito Nishioka 6-4, 6-3 in the Washington final. Speaking after his win, the emotional 27-year-old said: “To see where I was at last year to now, it’s just an incredible transformation. I just came out with great energy. I knew that I had experience on my side today. I love this court, I’ve played so many good matches here, so I’m just really happy with myself. ““I’ve been in some really dark places. Just to be able to turn it around ... there are so many people who have helped me get there, but myself, I’ve shown some serious strength to just continue and persevere and get through all those times and be able to still perform and win tournaments like this one.” 