Arsenal have been criticised for celebrating a Premier League win once again after coming from behind to defeat Fulham on Saturday. BeIN Sport pundits Richard Keys and Andy Gray were left stunned by the way the Gunners celebrated the triumph. Goals by Martin Odegaard and Gabriel sealed a gallant victory for Arsenal, having fallen behind after Aleksandar Mitrovic’s strike. Gabriel’s winning goal came four minutes from full-time and maintained Arsenal’s record as the only team to win all four Premier League matches this season. But Arsenal’s delight at remaining at the top of the table was too much for Keys and Gray. Television broadcasts turned to happy supporters merely cheering the result as Keys bemoaned: “Steady, it’s Fulham! And they trailed at one time. “Yeah, well played, you came back to win it and they keep their 100 per cent record intact. But they haven’t won the [Premier League] title tonight. They have won a London derby.” Gray, harbouring some sympathy for Arsenal and their fans, fired back: “They have had nothing much to cheer about over the last few years-” But Keys interjected: “I get that, Andy, but let’s not get too carried away. They’re four games into the season.” JUST IN: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta not surprised by Gabriel's whirlwind role “I don’t think they will [get carried away],” Gray hit back. “I don’t think the players will. I get the fans getting over-excited. If you want me to be blunt about Arsenal, I like what I see. But they’ve beaten Palace, Leicester, Bournemouth and Fulham. It’s not a who’s who of big teams.” Keys added: “They trailed for a long time today,” before Gray continued: “That’s something they will have to do. When things are not going great, they will need a little bit of luck. The first goal from Odegaard is a deflection, otherwise they don’t score. “We saw Bernardo Silva do the same for Manchester City [against Crystal Palace]. They went on to win it. Sometimes that helps, and that might just be the difference this year. Things might now start to go for [Arsenal].” Both continued to be bewildered by Arsenal celebrating a win. Keys emphasised: “They’ve just beaten Fulham”, while Gray conceded that it was “overhype”. DON'T MISS...Arsenal 'in box seat' to steal Man Utd target with agent 'on standby'Transfer news: Man Utd's De Jong promise, Chelsea medicalArsenal player ratings vs Fulham: Gabriel scores 8 after mixed game “They’ve won nothing,” Keys concluded following a game in which Arsenal had claimed all three points. Former Everton striker Gray added: “This was a league game. If this was a semi-final of a cup somewhere, and you’ve won the semi-final, I get that. But maybe this is what [Mikel Arteta] wants to instil here. I don’t know. I wouldn’t say it’s dangerous.” Keys then revealed that his true gripe was with Arsenal head coach Mikel Arteta, of whom he said: “I can’t hide the fact that I find him extremely irritating. Waving his arms around like a windmill for 90 minutes. It’s as if anyone can actually hear him, let alone see him. He’s never in his technical area. “They’ve over-celebrated this. It’s a 2-1 win over newly-promoted Fulham.” It comes following criticism of Arsenal after they won top-flight games last season. Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves said following a defeat by the Gunners that opposition players were celebrating like they had “won the league”.