Eddie Izzard, 60, has described the moment she changed her pronouns to she/her after appearing on Sky Arts in 2020. Although her pronouns were changed unwittingly, she describes it as a "great honour". Speaking about how she sees herself, Eddie explained she identified as “gender fluid” and is now a trans woman. Eddie said in a new interview with Clive Anderson on the Seven Wonders podcast: “My pronouns… I didn’t change my pronouns. “I was thinking of changing them. “I went on a programme called Portrait Artist of the Year, Sky Arts, very nice, go on there. READ MORE: Daring Demi Rose spills out of dress in busty throwback snaps “Some young artists painting me, they ask me, like a coffee thing, they said, she/her or he/him? “I was wearing a dress and I’m based as a trans woman now, so she/her, I’ll have a latte – it was that kind of lack of stress.” The star said her pronouns changed mostly in countries where she was best known. These include Britain and USA, and cited the whole experience of being referred to as she/her as a “great honour”. Eddie has also been quite vocal about her political views in recent months, sharing her views on the monarchy and royalty. It comes after she has made it clear that she plans to run as a Labour MP. Speaking at a film premiere in 2017, Eddie’s views about the royal family first came to light. She said: “Well, I’m not into royalty. It doesn’t make sense in the 21st century.” DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] Matt Baker and wife Nicola had fans in tears with goodbye [COMMENT] Carol Vorderman risks fury as she 'leaks next Strictly contestant' [BBC] However, she clarified her opinions did not include Prince Charles, Prince William or Kate Middleton. Eddie furthered that Kate and William were doing some “good stuff” and Charles was doing “interesting stuff”, referring to the positive impact they were having on the world, as she said to Express.co.uk in 2017. During the premiere for Victoria and Abdul, she said: “Kate and William are doing good stuff. Charles is doing some interesting stuff. "I think the kids now, I think Harry, I think William, I think Charles, at least they are trying to do stuff in a different way. "There are seven billion people in the world, even though they are not all members of Britain, I think that is what people are looking for around the world, real human beings.” At the time, Eddie had just come off the back of portraying Queen Victoria’s power-hungry son Prince Bertie, who would go on to become Edward VII, in the 2017 film. She starred alongside Dame Judi Dench, who played the Widow of Windsor.