After almost a decade in the MCU, Chris Evans bowed out as Captain America following three solo movies, four Avengers blockbusters and some delicious cameos in-between. At the conclusion of Avengers Endgame, Steve Rogers decided to head back in time and have that life with Peggy Carter in the 1940s he always wanted. As it stands, Captain America is now well over 100 years old in the MCU and his location remains a mystery. One thing’s for sure though, he’s not necessarily dead yet. And now a new report from Giant Freakin Robot’s trusted and proven sources claims that Evans has signed on the dotted line to return to the franchise as Steve Rogers. Aside from old Cap still being around, let’s not forget that the franchise is currently in the Multiverse Saga. This means we could see him playing a variant of the character like the previously rumoured evil HYDRA Captain America. The most obvious place for Evans to return would be in Avengers Secret Wars, the 2025 conclusion to the Multiverse Saga. In the original multiverse clashing narrative, Captain America plays a key role, so fingers crossed somehow he and Robert Downey Jr’s Iron Man make a return without undermining their Avengers Endgame exits. Other opportunities could see Evans reprising his Human Torch from the Fox Fantastic Four movies. The actor's even commented on the idea of doing a project where we see what happened when Steve went back in time to return the Infinity Stones. READ MORE: Avengers 5 The Kang Dynasty, Avengers 6 Secret Wars titles explained The 41-year-old said to Comic Book earlier this year of the idea: “Yeah that seems to be something people would like to see…I don’t want to disappoint anybody but I just don’t know…it was such a good run and I am so happy with it. It’s so precious to me.” But then he admitted his one condition for a comeback. DON'T MISSFantastic Four: Henry Cavill 'in Marvel talks' – MCU Reed Richards? [FANTASTIC FOUR]Harry Styles 'signs on for $100 million multi-Marvel movie deal' [HARRY STYLES]Avengers 5 and 6 release dates, titles announced with new MCU movies [AVENGERS 5] Evans added: “It would have to be perfect. It would just be scary to rattle something that is so, so dear to me. And that role means so much to me. So, to revisit it would be a tall order.” Well, that’s certainly not a no, so here’s hoping Marvel Studios give him that “perfect” pitch if they haven’t already. SOURCE