It echoes President Macron's policy across the Channel, where domestic consumers enjoy annual bills frozen at an average of £803 - less than half the UK average of £1,971 - thanks to subsidy. By next April, analysts warned, UK consumers might be paying over £4,000 a year.  It is quite clear that many households simply cannot afford these bills, and who face shivering next winter. For some people it could even be fatal. Even before the spike in prices, hypothermia was causing around 300 deaths a year directly, and cold homes were contributing to around 25,000 excess deaths in Britain in a typical winter. The Government can and must do something to help poor households heat their homes. But we should be very wary of what Starmer is proposing as subsidising energy prices doesn't come for free. In France, it has already put severe pressure on the mostly state-owned EDF. Its debts, run up as a result of this year's price cap, will dog French taxpayers for years to come. The cost of Starmer's plan is put at £29billion. Of that, £14billion would come from dropping the Government's own plan to give every household a £400 rebate, £8billion from an extra windfall tax on oil companies and £7billion is supposed to come from a reduction in interest paid on government debt as the energy cap - hopefully - keeps the inflation rate low. However, the independent Institute of Fiscal Studies (IFS) has already described the latter figure as illusory.While it is true that some repayments are linked to inflation, Starmer's subsidy would only last six months. In the longer run, it would not have any effect on inflation and wouldn't cut debt interest payments. Indeed, the cost of the subsidy would inevitably end up being added to the government's debt and so increase the cost to taxpayers. Starmer has hinted that his price cap freeze could be extended for a whole year - in which case, according to the IFS, it could end up costing more than the furlough scheme, the cost of which we will be paying for decades to come.  The furlough scheme did at least save several million jobs. But Starmer's energy cap freeze, like the Government's £400 energy bill handout, is poorly targeted. It wouldn't just benefit poor households but wealthy ones, too. Do we really want the Government to be running up billions in debt to help owners of country houses and grand, little-used London townhouses? Subsidising energy prices might make consumers happy in the short term, but in the long term it just destroys markets. Look what happened in Venezuela when Hugo Chavez's government subsidised oil prices. For a while motorists could buy a tankful of fuel for the equivalent of five pence. But it was followed by hyperinflation and economic collapse. Today's high energy prices are also helping to encourage oil and gas companies to produce more fuel.While we are importing less Russian oil and gas, we are now importing more from elsewhere. Europe is hurriedly building floating terminals to allow the import of more liquified natural gas. In time, this is going to change the balance between supply and demand and help bring prices down.   But the Government - whether Labour or Conservative - will do a huge amount of damage by endlessly threatening to impose windfall taxes on oil and gas producers. These companies may be doing well now, but we shouldn't forget that they made thumping losses a couple of years ago when demand for fuel collapsed during the Covid lockdowns. BP alone lost £22billion in 2020. Funnily enough, I don't remember Keir Starmer or anyone else wanting to bail them out. Oil companies have said they will still invest in the North Sea in spite of the current windfall tax, but they won't do if the Government keeps coming back for more. Why would any company want to invest in Britain if it threatened to snatch its profit whenever it had a good year? The Government certainly needs to help poor households keep warm this winter - with targeted financial support. But trying to keep prices low for everyone would lead us down a very dark alleyway. Sir Keir's plan might seem superficially attractive now, but it would be a very different story when the bills came in at a later date. 