Marcus Rashford would be open to the idea of swapping Manchester United for Paris Saint-Germain before the summer transfer window slams shut, according to reports. The England ace is only tied down at Old Trafford until the end of this season and is said to have emerged as a surprise target for PSG, who could look to tempt United with a sizeable cash offer in the not-too-distant future. The French outfit have already spoken to Rashford's camp about the possibility of a move over the coming weeks, but the Red Devils are yet to receive any concrete proposals originating from Paris as things stand. However, it seems as though a change of scenery could well be on the cards for the 24-year-old, who is 'keen' on taking up a new challenge with his prospective suitors, according to transfer expert Julien Laurens.It is said that PSG are desperate to recruit a new forward between now and the end of the summer window, with Arnaud Kalimuendo set to join Rennes and Mauro Icardi also heading for the exit door. United still have the option to trigger another year on Rashford's contract, though, which could see any deal for him to join PSG become a very expensive operation.United are said to be fairly relaxed about the situation in spite of Rashford's apparent desire to try his luck elsewhere after a difficult couple of years at Old Trafford. But according to RMC Sport, those in command at PSG believe they are at an advantage due to Rashford's strong relationship with Kylian Mbappe. JUST IN: Tottenham ‘launch new offensive’ in Nicolo Zaniolo transfer chase The next logical step would appear to be a discussion at club level between United and PSG, who have not reached out to the Red Devils as of yet in spite of their desire to land Rashford. It remains to be seen whether a deal can eventually be done to sell the forward, who struggled to impress for United in their opening-day loss at the hands of Brighton and Hove Albion last weekend.PSG were originally hoping to lure Robert Lewandowski to the Parc des Princes earlier this summer before the Polish marksman eventually opted to join Barcelona on a permanent basis. They are still very much on the hunt for a new attacking outlet, though, with boss Christophe Galtier making no secret of his desire to remain active in the transfer market earlier this week. "Yes, we would like to bring in another forward, we have a very busy schedule, so we would like to bring someone in," Galtier told reporters when quizzed on his plans for the rest of the window."The club is working hard on that, I am in constant contact with Luis Campos [PSG's football advisor], the board and the president. We must not make any mistakes. We must not rush things, we have to do something realistic."There are no guarantees. I know the club won’t sign anyone for the sake of it, it would need to be someone who can really bring something to the squad and that is what the club are working on." Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt.