Battersea estimates the average yearly cost of owning a dog to be £2,000. The animal charity is urging people to be aware of the long-term financial commitment before making the decision to get a pooch. Battersea calculated the hefty sum based on food, treats, routine healthcare, pet insurance, grooming and pet sitting. However, it says the amount will vary depending on the breed, age, size and health of the dog. Larger dogs are likely to need more food, while certain breeds can be more prone to health problems. The average life span of a dog is 13 years meaning the total cost could be £26,000. Rob Young, head of centre operations at Battersea, said: “Faced with rising food and energy prices, for many UK households the current environment is a challenging one. "Given this, it’s really important that people are fully informed about the costs associated with owning a dog – equipping yourself with this knowledge in advance will help ensure a happier, less stressful experience for both you and your dog. "It also reduces the likelihood of having to make the heartbreaking decision to give them up if you can no longer afford to keep them. “Fortunately, there are adjustments that owners can make to reduce the cost of caring for a pet without compromising their health or wellbeing. "From switching to lower-priced but high nutrient brands, to making your own treats and toys at home, switching up the little things can help to keep costs down. “There are, however, areas where people should be wary of cutting corners. "For example, while some owners may see pet insurance as a nice-to-have additional expense, it protects you from facing thousands of pounds in vet bills should your dog fall ill or have an accident. "This year, we’ve sadly seen a sharp increase in the number of people having to give up their dogs because they can’t afford essential veterinary treatment.” It comes as Battersea has seen a surge this year in people being being forced to give up their dogs due to not being able to afford vets bills. The charity received 1,200 enquiries in June from owners looking to bring their pets in - a staggering 30 percent increase from the same month in 2021. It comes after dog ownership soared during the Covid pandemic as people rushed to buy puppies during lockdown. However, animal charities are bracing for a crisis amid the rising cost of living crippling households.