The shocking price difference has been revealed in a list compiled by The Sun, The Star Inn in Honiton, Devon, is shown to charge £3.19 for a pint of Stella Artois. In comparison, the same beer at the Moon Under The Water branch in Leicester Square, London, would set you back a whopping £6.29. The high prices are due to soaring rent, wage and transport bills, DevonLive reports. It also demonstrates how the cost of living crisis is affecting drinkers in some areas. However, it's still the case that outside cities and tourist hotspots, customers can still have a cheap evening out at the pub chain. In some branches, especially in the north, pints are less than half the price than they are in some London Wetherspoons pubs. At the Leicester Square outlet, a pint of Guinness reportedly costs £6.19 - significantly more than The Star's £3.10 and more than twice the £2.75 charged at The Three John Scotts in Hull. In Leicester Square, Budweiser and Carlesberg go for £5.79 and £5.39 respectively, compared to £3.10 and £2.29 in Honiton. There's also a big difference in the price of gin, with Gordon's Gin costing £7.10 at the London branch and £3.39 in Devon. A Sex On The Beach cocktail costs just £7.29 in Honiton, a lot less than the hefty £10.95 charged at The Willow Walk in London's Victoria, but more than Glasgow's Sir John Stirling Maxwell's £6.49. The striking price differences between different parts of the country are down to an array of factors linked to costs and the strength of the local economy, according to experts. Moon Under The Water - Leicester Square, London  The Star Inn, Honiton, Devon  The Oxted Inn, Oxted, Surrey  The Willow Walk, Victoria, London The Penderel’s Oak, High Holborn, London  The Post and Telegraph, Brighton The William Morris, Oxford  Manchester - The Paramount, Oxford Street The Captain Alexander, Liverpool  The Three John Scotts, Hull The Albert and The Lion, Blackpool  The Resolution, Middlesbrough  Sir John Stirling Maxwell, Glasgow  The Mount Stuart, Cardiff 