Scott Parker has been sacked by Bournemouth just four Premier League matches into the season. Parker leaves the Cherries following Saturday's 9-0 drubbing at Liverpool. The former Tottenham and West Ham midfielder was understandably despondent after succumbing to Jurgen Klopp's side in emphatic fashion. And it appears that was the final straw for the Bournemouth chiefs. Parker lasted 14 months at the Vitality Stadium after being appointed in June 2021. He led Bournemouth to promotion from the Championship in his first season in charge. However, co-owner Maxim Demin claims the decision was made in order for the club to progress on and off the pitch. He thanked Parker for his efforts in a statement on the club's website. Demin said: “I would like to place on record my gratitude to Scott and his team for their efforts during their time with us. Our promotion back to the Premier League last season under his tenure will always be remembered as one of the most successful seasons in our history. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's Osimhen plan, Arsenal new target, Chelsea medical  “However, in order for us to keep progressing as a team and a Club as a whole, it is unconditional that we are aligned in our strategy to run the club sustainably. We must also show belief in and respect for one another. "That is the approach that has brought this club so much success in recent history, and one that we will not veer from now. Our search for a new head coach will begin immediately.” Bournemouth gained automatic promotion last season by finishing runners-up to Fulham. They won their first match of the new campaign, beating Aston Villa 2-0 at home. DON'T MISSArsenal may have another Saliba already after Edu nailed negotiationsAntony could renew bitter feud with Liverpool star after signing for Man UtdMan Utd think they already have a Ronaldo replacement who can save them millions  However, Parker's side conceded 16 goals in their next three matches against Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool. They failed to register a goal themselves in those matches but did beat Norwich on penalties in the EFL Cup second round. Parker described Saturday's loss as his toughest day in football. But he admits he was not surprised, claiming his team are some way off the level required to play in the English top flight. Speaking at the weekend, the 41-year-old said: “I am not that surprised given the level here is far greater than we have. I am not making an excuse, some of the goals were our own doing.  “I feel sorry for the fans. I feel sorry for the players because we are ill-equipped at this level. This does not shine a light for me. "There are players who are experiencing the Premier League for the first time. I never thought we could get beat 9-0 but I expected a real challenge at certain moments in certain games. “This is the toughest day, as a player and certainly as a coach. The touchline today was pretty painful and I could sense it was painful for the players as well. They need some help." Gary O’Neil has been placed in interim charge at Bournemouth, with Shaun Cooper and Tommy Elphick assisting him, as the club search for Parker's replacement.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here