Tyson Fury has outlined what he wants in order to secure a historic championship fight with Oleksandr Usyk. The Mancuian watched from holiday in Menorca as the 35-year-old retained his WBA, WBO, IBF and IBO heavyweight titles via split decision against Anthony Joshua in Saudi Arabia. He has flirted with retirement for most of this year, and even vacated his Ring Magazine title belt last week. The Gypsy King is still in possession of his WBC Heavyweight title however and has now taken to Instagram to outline his demands for a potential bockister unification bout with the Ukrainian. “The world’s biggest fight has to be for the world’s biggest money,” Fury wrote in an Instagram story. He also took a slight dig at Usyk as the 34-year-old now seems to have his sights set on taking his championship belts. “If I’m to put it all on the line vs some unknown foreigner, boys better get that half-billy [half a billion pounds]. If not, keep the little mug. If it was AJ [Joshua], it [would’ve been] free, but it’s not.” Following his second victory over AJ in eleven months, Usyk expressed his desire to take on his fellow undefeated fighter. JUST IN: Tyson Fury tipped to reverse retirement and fight Oleksandr Usyk after Anthony Joshua win “I’m sure that Fury is not retired yet. I’m convinced he wants to fight me,” he said. “I want to fight him, if I’m not fighting Fury, I’m not fighting at all. Only God knows if I will be undisputed or not. All these gentlemen around me, my team, they’ll help me.” AJ once again went the distance with Usyk, and one judge scored it 115-113 for Joshua, but the other two had it 115-113 and 116-112 for Usyk, crowning him the winner by split decision. Joshua then lost his head as he threw Usyk’s titles out of the ring and stormed off, before returning to the ring and giving a bizarre speech. At his post-fight press conference, Usyk was asked about the strange sequence of events. “I feel nothing but respect to AJ,” he said. “I saw him a bit emotional and like bullying some of my teammates. That would be a bare-knuckle fight that I don’t recommend him to do because most of them are horrible street fighters.” Fury reacted to Usyk's 20th professional win by stating: "I've just seen Joshua lose for the second time to Usyk, [he was] out of his depth. England has been relieved of its belts but there is a remedy and solution that I can suggest. "If you want those belts back then send in the Gyspy barbarian; send me in and I will relieve the Ukrainian dosser of his belts like I did the last Ukrainian dosser. It's not going to be cheap, if you want the best you have to pay. It's going to be very expensive; so get your chequebook out and I will relieve the Ukrainian dosser of the belts."