Daniil Medvedev doesn't seem to be considering the prospect of Novak Djokovic making it to the US Open after naming the main threats to his title at Flushing Meadows. The Serbian, who won his 21st Grand Slam title at Wimbledon this summer, is unable to enter America over his refusal to be vaccinated against Covid-19. And barring an unlikely late u-turn from the authorities, the all-time great won't get the opportunity to match Rafael Nadal's record total of 22 Slam titles at Flushing Meadows. The saga follows his explosive ordeal down under early in 2022, where despite initially gaining an exemption to travel, he was deported out of the country the day before the Australian Open began. It was in New York last year where Djokovic, 35, was denied a calendar Grand Slam after being beaten in the final by Medvedev. The Russian himself has been left reeling this year from missing a slam, barred from competing at SW19 over the All England Tennis Club's stance on the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Medvedev was beaten in the last 32 of the Canadian Open this week by Nick Kyrgios, and will now head to Cincinnati in a bid to regain some form before defending his major title. And speaking to reporters after his loss, he made a telling omission when asked about the players who would seriously challenge in New York. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios gives emotional interview after Alex de Minaur victory at Montreal Open “Defeat is never pleasant, it takes away your confidence,” he told Alo. “I will travel to Cincinnati on Friday to get fully acclimated. I hope to play better there, because I want to be in good shape for the US Open. “I know there will be great competition, with Alcaraz, Nadal, Tsitsipas, we will see if Zverev will return,” he continued. Not naming Djokovic suggests Medvedev does not expect any dramatic change in US regulations. DON'T MISS: Emma Raducanu urged to accept John McEnroe request despite Wimbledon criticismNovak Djokovic backed over Rafael Nadal as Serb seeks US Open permission from Joe BidenSerena Williams breaks down in tears with emotional goodbye after final Toronto match Ironically, despite not playing at Wimbledon, the tournament being stripped of ranking points inadvertently helped the 26-year-old. He returned to world No 1 with Djokovic dropping down the order despite his victory. Despite admitting he wanted to see his rival play the US Open, Medvedev has previously stopped short of condemning the Covid policies of the US, stating: "I don't want to talk about the reasons for these decisions, because many people died during the pandemic. If we change the rules, there will be those who will rebel, because they are banned from entering the country, so they cannot work.”