Erik ten Hag has been warned Adrien Rabiot will not provide anything that Manchester United need from a new midfielder. Liverpool legend Steve Nicol has listed four reasons why the Frenchman is the wrong player being targeted by the Red Devils. Rabiot emerged as a target for United on Monday. The Juventus star is an alternative option to Frenkie de Jong, who wants to stay at Barcelona beyond this window. Juve are willing to let Rabiot leave as he has entered the final year of his contract in Turin. But the pursuit of the 27-year-old has been met with plenty of scepticism. Pundit Nicol says Rabiot will not provide goals and assists if he does complete a move to United. The Scot also claims the ex-Paris Saint-Germain star will not add physicality or work rate, the four things he thinks United should be looking for from a midfielder. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd contact 'technical' winger, De Jong phone call, Spurs bid  Nicol said on ESPN FC: "Well it's not good for my top four prediction is it? I don't really see how he makes them any better. "He doesn't really stand out in any particular facet of the game. Yes he's a good player. I don't know what this guy excels at. "He can keep the ball, and he can keep the ball moving. But I'll tell you what, there's a lot of players that can do that. "He doesn't score goals, he doesn't assist, he doesn't get around the field, he's not a hard man - all the things that Man United need, and he doesn't have any of them. Go figure." DON'T MISSChelsea 'keen on third Barcelona star' after De Jong and AubameyangChelsea may now regret rejecting Bayern bid as Tuchel begs for transfersDe Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurk  Nicol's former Liverpool and Scotland team-mate Graeme Souness has also given a strong verdict on United's interest in Rabiot. Souness told talkSPORT: “He was at PSG and ran down his contract and went to Juve. He’s not done it there. “I’m not sure that’s much of an upgrade on what they’ve got there already. What it stinks of is if you are signing him at this time, he’s not your first choice. Maybe your second. "It is 24 days to go until the window closes, one game gone, I think you are reacting to things now. That’s when you make mistakes. “Let’s see if he can deal with the intensity of our game. He’s gone to Juve and not shone there. Italian football for a midfield player is a bit easier than for a player playing in the English game." 