On Monday morning, presenters Sally Nugent and Jon Kay were joined by Labour leader Keir Starmer and they discussed Labour's position during the current crisis. Sally slammed the Labour party’s position and the effectiveness of their opposition as she compared Starmer's popularity with his predecessor Jeremy Corbyn.  With the current cost of living crisis across the UK, many people have questioned Starmer and the Labour Party’s stance. The Labour Party has come under fire for not outlining a plan on how Starmer would tackle the crisis if he was Prime Minister. Sally hit out at the leader as she asked: “Do you think Labour is providing effective opposition at the moment considering that you are currently polling below Jeremy Corbyn?” To which Starmer responded: “If you take the cost of living crisis, it was just a year ago that I said we should have a plan to insulate 19 million homes.” READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Bernie Winter's surprise twin causes chaos   “So that was September last year, in January we proposed the windfall tax that took the government five months to u-turn on. “For five months they said, ‘We wouldn’t do this,’ then five months later they did it.” The Labour leader continued: “We also proposed reducing VAT on energy bills, Rishi Sunak is finally saying ‘actually Labour was right about that’ and now we’ve come up with a comprehensive costed package. “So for 12 months, we’ve been talking about energy bills, so I don't think anybody can say the Labour party is doing anything other than leading on with this and putting the ideas on the table.”   Starmer added: “As we’ve seen in the last 12 months eventually the government catches up with and does a version of what we’ve been proposing. “It’s just that in these few months families are struggling.” Before he could finish, Sally stated: “It’s taken you till the middle of August to get a plan.” Which the politician responded: “Well, we wanted to ensure that we had the forecast for the figure that are actually going to come in, in October. DON'T MISS...Ken Dodd left behind staggering EIGHT-figure fortune [INSIGHT]'Too much rain?!' Sally Nugent slapped down after 'silly' question [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Carol Kirkwood forecasts early retirement [INSIGHT]    “The credible forecasts, the last of them was I think Tuesday last week, because what I wanted from the team was a fully costed plan. “Because otherwise, you’d be telling me, quite right too ‘Well actually Keir you’ve come out with a plan but it’s not costed.’” “We’ve got a plan that takes into account all of those forecasts and puts that plan on the table today for an increase which is going to happen in October of this year.” Despite these plans, there is still a long way before Starmer could become the next prime minister.      Before a general election can even put Starmer in the running to become the country’s next leader, the current Conservative party must serve a maximum of four years. However, with Boris Johnson’s resignation, it’s yet to be determined whether Sunak or Liz Truss will take over the role. A number of debates, saw the two candidates bidding for support from Conservative party members ahead of the final vote for the next PM. However, the polls recently revealed an overwhelming majority prefer Johnson to Truss or Sunak. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.   