The family attended on Saturday, as the former England rugby player, 43, was spotted playing with Mia, eight, Lena, four, and Lucas, one. The prestigious event was held at the Princess Royal’s estate. Princess Anne, 71, was also spotted chatting with her grandson Lucas.  Mike, who is married to the Queen’s granddaughter Zara Tindall, 41, was seen throwing little Lucas in the air and cuddling as they sat on the grass. He was also seen taking daughter Lena on funfair rides, while Mia was spotted helping out with her youngest sibling while riding the carousel. Royal fans were quick to comment on the heartwarming images, with one user tweeting the snaps alongside the caption “Mike Tindall and his adorable kids”. One commented: “A prince of a man, great father, and partner.”  Another added: “They’re so sweet”. A fourth said: “Love this family." One described the snaps as "adorable". Zara Tindall was not spotted at the event after competing on horseback at the annual occasion the day before. Mike was spotted wearing a simple white t-shirt and navy shorts, while his children all wore casual clothes to the activity-packed event.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'dumped' from front cover as Kate takes over Princess Anne sported cream trousers, a light blue shirt and a red jacket, finishing off the look with a white hat. The event took place on a course designed by Princess Anne herself. The two-day long event featured a number of equestrian events, including dressage, show jumping and cross-country. Lucas was also seen running straight towards his grandmother, Princess Anne, as she attempted to point him in the right direction. And the children were all spotted playing together, with Mia taking on her role as big-sister by playing with her younger brother and helping to keep him occupied in the sunshine.   DON'T MISS:Prince Harry to leave out detail that would 'burn the whole Firm down' [COMMENT]Devon cliff dramatically COLLAPSES into beach below [INSIGHT]British boy, 8, suffers horrifying attack as THREE sharks bite him [PICTURES] Royal fans could not get enough of the pictures, with one user calling Mike a “great dad”, while another said “beautiful photos”. The event ran for its 28th year at the weekend. Mike and his children were seen cheering on Zara Tindall on the opening day of the event as she took part in the competitions. Zara beamed as she rode a white horse while competing. On Friday, Mia joined her parents for the opening and was seen enjoying an ice cream while dancing around the grounds. 