Critics of our outgoing Prime Minister are now levelling a similar charge at him: that he has been focused on a big party to celebrate his marriage and then going on holiday in the face of a looming economic disaster for the British people. On the basic facts they are right. Further energy price rises of around £2,000 per household are set to cause devastating hardship for millions while plunging the economy into recession for more than a year. The PM has announced no radical plan to tackle this. But that is hardly his fault. It is those who forced his removal that have disabled the public realm at this crucial time. The PM is actually now working to a remit that precludes him from announcing substantial or costly new policies before he steps down in a month’s time. Yet this does not mean nothing can be done in Whitehall before a new PM takes office. In fact, what we are facing is so worrying that government departments should already be on a war footing. A national energy emergency needs to be declared right now, with Mr Johnson, his almost-certain successor Liz Truss and the outsider Rishi Sunak working together on a broad plan to protect vulnerable households. Civil service leaders should invite Ms Truss and Mr Sunak in for briefings and preparatory policy work that will help a new PM implement a fresh set of policies as soon as Parliament reconvenes. This should happen next week. There is even a strong case for an emergency recall of MPs this month to allow Mr Johnson to set out an initial plan agreed with his two potential successors.  Otherwise, people already desperately struggling with sky-high bills will be left fearing that a brutal choice between heating and eating really is coming when energy prices go up massively again in October and then January. Higher interest rates will also feed through into big monthly mortgage repayment increases. Not only does the Government need to increase the direct financial support it is offering households, but it must also investigate every idea for cushioning the coming blows. The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) in particular should be working at breakneck pace. Instead of allowing staff to work from home or drift off on long summer breaks, Secretary of State Kwasi Kwarteng should be demanding new initiatives on everything from expanding gas storage to improving home insulation, from fracking to increasing onshore wind turbines. As the likely new chancellor, and thus the person set to deliver an emergency Budget under Ms Truss’s leadership, Mr Kwarteng is about to become a central figure in politics. It is to be hoped the expertise he has developed on energy matters in his current brief can be brought to bear swiftly within the Treasury. So far it has not proved equal to the task of reassuring the British public that they will not be left in dire poverty this winter.