Marcus Ansloos and son Sam have had long queues at Plas Acton Garage since they took ownership of the garage in April. According to Petrol Prices UK, they have the lowest price per litre for both petrol and diesel. On Friday, the retailer in Wrexham, North Wales, offered petrol at 168.5p a litre and diesel at 181.5p a litre - over 10p a litre lower than the national UK average. Speaking with North Wales Live, Sam said: "Our buying prices go up and down regularly but, when the price drops, a lot of places don't reduce prices at the pump. We were getting people complaining about the price of fuel, and we're also sick of it ourselves as we also pay through the nose to buy the fuel for our own cars - so we wanted to do something about it. "We set a goal to become the cheapest petrol station in North Wales to help our community in Wrexham and the surrounding areas. I'm really proud to have held the local title now for over three weeks." Sam explained how the business brings the pump price down "as low as physically possible", sometimes just pennies off the buying price. As well as the low numbers on the sign out front (compared to other stations), the father and son duo have gone further to help those in Wrexham save those precious extra pennies when topping up their tanks. Special offers are available for both local people and businesses. Regular customers can get their hands on "no strings attached" discount cards that strike a penny off every litre on the pump price indefinitely. In essence, if you topped up with roughly 50 litres of fuel you'd save 50p.   Sam said: "We've got excellent quality provided by Gulf and really get to know our regular customers as an independent garage. It makes it all the more personal to be able to pass on the fuel savings time after time." As the ongoing cost of living crisis continues to squeeze our finances, the Ansloos strive to making fuelling up your car one less worry. They keep their Facebook page updated regularly as fuel prices at Pas Acton continue to drop daily. Drivers were today urged to make more frequent trips to the petrol station and not leave their car running on "fumes" or risk wasting fuel. One motoring expert said: "Fill up when your tank is half full. "I always wait until it's at E or below. I just hate stopping to get fuel."   