Charlie Bassett’s campsite in Dilhorne has said its permit to operate has been revoked by Freedom Camping, meaning it cannot accept any more bookings. The site has 32 pitches for tents, motorhomes and campervans. It comes after Freedom Camping has received complaints for the last two years, StokeonTrentLive reports. These include allegations of:  However, the new leaseholder, Paul Collins - who also runs the Charlie Bassett’s pub on the same site - has blamed one resident for the mainly "fictitious grievances". Paul - who only took over the business earlier this year and has invested £20,000 into the site - fears that without the income from campers, the pub will be forced to shut too.  The 63-year-old, from Blythe Bridge, says there has been 'a long history of bad blood' between the pub and one neighbour. He said: “The way Freedom Camping operates is we are licensed for five pitches and we have to put in for a licence every month, if we want more, for example if there’s a rally or a bank holiday, then we can have up to 30 onsite. "But Freedom are saying nothing has changed from the last landlord, so they removed the permit for us to operate. After the decision to revoke the permit, we've had to stop taking new bookings. "The next two weekends more or less are fully booked. I don’t know if we’re allowed to continue to operate but it’s a bank holiday weekend and the last weeks of the school holidays. I’m not going to be responsible for ruining people's holidays. I feel bad enough already. “It doesn’t look like we have a right to appeal. I’m just feeling frustrated and bitter. We've put £20,000 into the campsite and now we’ve got to shelve it."  Paul, who also runs the Roebuck Inn at Forsbrook, says he has persistently tried to resolve the issues. He said: “I’ve felt harassed constantly. I had a text from them saying that they were annoyed by children laughing and playing in the fields. He said ‘it gets on my nerves’. They moaned about the football goal and as a mark of goodwill, I got the goalpost removed. “Then we had the scooter club come and one of them had a bluetooth speaker. You couldn’t even hear it on the front of the pub. That was another complaint but actually it was boy racers in the village, which was nothing to do with us. "They claimed we had a disco on the campsite on August 12 and 13 with excessive noise but we didn't. "A photo on campsite booking site Pitch Up was sent to Freedom Camping saying ‘look it’s overcrowded'. The photograph showed seven caravans.  “Freedom are saying we’ve done nothing wrong in that respect but they’re fed up with noise complaints so they removed the permit. "It doesn’t matter what I seem to do. I messaged: ‘You come up with a plan, that we can work together with and we can work through it.’ I’ve heard nothing since." Paul says that, if permission isn't granted, 20 people who work in the pub could potentially lose their jobs. He added: "If it affects trade badly, that’s local businesses and local suppliers that will lose out and staff at the pub will be on the dole before Christmas. I haven’t worked the figures out yet, but I don’t think the pub will survive without the campsite." Paul said that Freedom Camping has the authority to provide permits to campsites without having to secure planning permission. But following the decision to revoke, he now plans to apply to Staffordshire Moorlands District Council. After posting about the news on Facebook yesterday, Paul has been inundated with messages of support.  Paul said: "We will capitalise on the support we've had.  Since my original post we’ve had 24,500 views. Every single one of them is ‘what a wonderful job we’ve done’, ‘it’s a sacred place’. This is something we’ve just got to go through unfortunately. "It’s early days. We will bounce back, we'll get the permission from the council.” Freedom Camping says it has received "numerous complaints" from a local resident relating to the activities at the site since acceptance in 2020. While some of the complaints were described as 'vexatious', others were deemed to be "valid".  A spokesman added: "We have investigated allegations of poor sanitation, nuisance behaviour, breaches of the club's terms and conditions and lack of supervision of visitors amongst others. "While some of the allegations appeared to be vexatious and had no grounds others were found to be valid. In 2021 the site was suspended and issued with an improvement notice, requiring significant changes to be implemented.  "Under new management the site has improved, however the club has not confirmed with the site steward that the improvement notice has been satisfied, therefore the consequences of failure to comply with the improvement notice continue to apply. "This month the club was informed by Natural England that a complaint had been lodged with them in regard to the activities, for which Natural England directed the complainant to contact the club directly. "On receipt of the complaint and evidence the club again investigated allegation of nuisance behaviour and excessive numbers of caravans sited. On the balance of evidence the club considers that these activities did occur and therefore further remedial action was required. "Unfortunately due to the current standing of the site the only available remedial action was to withdraw our support. "For clarity the site was exempt from licencing and did not hold a licence, exemption certification is an annual renewed legal right to operate a caravan and camping site under the supervision of an exempt organisation. The exemption certificate at Charlie Bassett’s expired on August 18 and due to the decision to withdraw our support the certificate has not been renewed." 