Diagnosed with heart disease in 1964 – 16 years before his death – Peter Sellers had been at risk of a life-threatening heart attack for many years. And, in the end, that's what made him take his last breath. Falling down at London's Dorchester Hotel, Sellers' heart stopped beating on July 24, 1980. The father-of-three had been down in the British Capital to work on the screenplay, Romance of the Pink Panther, according to film critic Roger Ebert. It would have been his sixth instalment in the role of the bumbling Inspector Clouseau. Shortly after the triumphs as Inspector Clouseau, Sellers married his second wife – Britt Ekland – and suffered from his first heart attack. By the time of his fourth marriage, to actress Lynne Frederick in 1977, Sellers had another major heart attack and was fitted with a pacemaker. While the pacemaker would have extended his life for a number of years, his final attack killed him. READ MORE: Meghan Markle health – The Duchess on her hidden 'debilitating' illness A spokesperson at Middlesex Hospital, where medics tried to resuscitate him, said: "Mr Sellers' death was entirely due to natural causes. "His heart just faded away. His condition deteriorated very rapidly." Sellers was aware that he had coronary heart disease, which is when the heart's blood supply is blocked by a build-up of fatty material in the arteries. The NHS revealed: "Coronary heart disease is a major cause of death in the UK and worldwide." People who have heart disease may experience chest pain, shortness of breath, and pain that radiates throughout the body. The life-threatening condition can also cause a person to feel faint and nauseated. When fatty substances continue to build up in the arteries, if the blood supply to the heart is completely blocked, a heart attack will ensue. Anybody experiencing symptoms of a heart attack are best to call 999 for an ambulance. While awaiting paramedics, to help prevent unnecessary strain on the heart muscle, it's advised to remain as calm as possible. If available within arm's reach, the NHS recommend chewing slowly on an aspirin to help thin the blood. In order to prevent heart disease, you need healthy blood pressure and cholesterol levels. Eating a healthy, balanced diet is key in warding off disease. Such a life-saving diet includes "plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables", at least five per day, and whole grains. By adhering to a healthy diet, and exercising every day, Sellers may have lived longer. Peter Sellers stars in The Pink Panther, showcasing on Film 4, Thursday, August 11 at 4.20pm.