The first hosepipe ban in the UK will commence tomorrow as Southern Water imposes limits on customers in Hampshire and the Isle of Wight. The August 5 ban is the country's first and will restrict a selection of actions, all based on using excess water. Officials have pointed to increasingly low reservoirs due to prolonged dry weather that has plagued the country for weeks in their reasoning, meaning more bans could follow. Hosepipe bans are currently in place for Southern Water and South East Water customers. They primarily reside on the south coast, Kent, and Sussex, with those on the latter not expecting restrictions for another week. While Southern Water enacts its ban on Friday, South East Water customers won't have to follow restrictions until August 12. READ MORE: 'Dry weather' alarm continues as 'high pressure still in charge' Tomorrow and next week's bans will cover most of southern England but won't necessarily impact every customer. Some people included on either company's Priority Service Register won't have to observe the ban, as will others who require hosepipes for their jobs, religious reasons, or animal welfare. Anyone living in southern England but unsure whether the ban applies to them can check via South East Water and Southern Water's postcode finders. The conditions that warranted the first two hosepipe bans persist across the UK, especially in England. A lack of rainfall means that companies which have not yet introduced restrictions have asked customers to conserve water where possible as their reservoirs shrink. Some have warned a hosepipe ban could be among the next steps they consider during the dry weather. Three more companies, including the largest provider in the country, have said they may need to introduce restrictions. Thames Water, which serves London and the Thames Valley, has warned reservoirs are "below average" and asked customers to use water "wisely". Without "around or above average rainfall" over the next few months, a spokesman warned the company may need "more water saving measures including restrictions". Thames Water provides for 15 million people in London, parts of the southeast and southwest. During a hosepipe ban, people supplied by Thames Water in the following counties may have to follow restrictions: South West Water and Welsh Water have warned they may have to follow their South East and Southern counterparts. South West Water has asked people to help conserve water by taking shorter showers, reusing washing up water on plans, and refraining from car washing. The company has warned that, should demand continue to grow, it may have to "make the difficult decision to introduce formal restrictions over the coming weeks". If South West Water introduced a hosepipe ban, customers living in the following counties would have to obey: Welsh Water has experienced fewer supply issues than its English counterparts, with supply lines holding well in the country. But some regions, especially Pembrokeshire, have struggled with diminished rainfall. Officials have asked customers to help conserve water where possible and "use what you need but please don’t waste it”. Welsh Water covers most of Wales, split into catchments around the country's rivers, including the Dee, Clwyd, Usk and Wye. Everything to the west of those catchments is also under their control, as are parts of the following English counties: