Still in production for upcoming films Littlemouth and Mustang Miracle, Dennis Quaid shows no signs of entering retirement any time soon. What are his top tips for staying lean, strong, and in good shape? A keen boxer in his 20s, Quaid remembers "this guy at the time at the Hollywood Y, who was in incredible shape in his 50s". Quaid asked him: "How do you do that? He told me, ‘You take care of yourself in your 20s and 30s and the rest will take care of itself.'" Taking heed of the golden nugget of wisdom, Quaid reflected: "He was right." The winner of the Film Independent Spirit Awards – for Best Supporting Male Actor for Far From Heaven – elaborated. "It doesn’t mean you have to be [at the gym] every day," he told Men's Health in 2018. "But you do have to live your life with that [golden nugget in] mind, because if you let it go, every time it gets a little harder to get back." READ MORE: The drink linked to a higher incidence of all cancers - tonnes consumed daily in UK One way Quaid has kept with his gym routine is by "genuinely" enjoying working out. The father-of-three – to Jack, Zoe, and Thomas – said: "I was a runner for about 35 years, but that gets hard on the knees and the joints. At least for me. "So I turned to cycling, which I’m currently doing. That and yoga. Along with that, you got to still get into the gym and lift. Do the sit-ups." His practical advice for fitness and career is to "do something every day that is proactive". "There’s always something you can do. Be proactive," he emphasised. In addition to reaping the benefits of improved physicality and mobility in older age, by adhering to an exercise routine, Quaid is helping to stave off disease. The NHS says exercise is the "miracle cure we've all been waiting for". Movement can reduce the risk of major life-limiting illnesses, such as: One of the major benefits of exercise is that it helps improve your chances of longevity. The NHS says that exercise can "lower your risk of early death by up to 30 percent". Considering the "overwhelming evidence" of the benefits of exercise, adults are recommended to aim for "at least 150 minutes of physical activity over a week". To help break this down into more manageable chunks, getting the heart pumping a little bit faster for 10 minutes every day could work wonders. Older adults, referenced as 65 and above by the NHS, are also recommended to "do activities that improve strength, balance and flexibility" twice weekly. "Reduce time spent sitting or lying down and break up long periods of not moving with some activity," the NHS advises. Activities could include standing up, making tea, vacuuming, cleaning and dusting, and walking. Dennis Quaid stars in A Dog's Journey on BBC One on Sunday, August 28 at 3.50pm.