News website Visegrad 24 tweeted: "The Antonivsky bridge near Kherson looks very crisp this morning. Reports say that up to 10 Ukrainian missiles have hit the bridge." Another poster shared a different image, commenting: "RIP, Antonovsky Bridge!" A third suggested heavy casualties were inevitably, posting: "Ukraine hit the Antonovsky bridge just as nine Russian ammunition trucks drove onto it." Twitter user Eric Korsas said: "Seems that during the night #Ukrainian #HIMARS have visited #antonovskybridge near #Kherson again. "#Russian forces tried to shoot down the #HIMARSrockets, but didn't succeed." The bridge crosses the Dnieper river close to the city of Kherson. It was seized by Russian forces following fierce fighting in the days after Vladimir Putin ordered his invasion on February 24. The bridge serves as a crucial route to supply Russian troops on the western banks of the Dnipro. The extent to which it remains usable is currently unclear. JUST IN: ‘Worried sick’ pensioner demands answers from Truss, Sunak & Johnson Last Sunday, dramatic footage appeared to show the bridge being targeted with HIMARS missiles. In the course of the brief clip, a bridge orange ball of flame surrounded by black smoke is seen rising towards the sky Explosions can be heard as Russia's air defence systems try in vain to shoot down the rockets before they hit their target. DON'T MISSPutin's energy threat to EU backfires as Germany to strike new deal [REVEAL]Putin’s despotic war blueprint thwarted as Russia’s army hits crisis [SPOTLIGHT]‘Prepare for war!’ Putin ready to tip NATO country into Ukraine war [NEWS] On Thursdsay, Ukrainian forces said they had beaten back a Russian attack in Kherson, while shelling by Kremlin forces in Kharkiv in Ukraine's north killed seven people as the near six-month war grinds on with no let up in fighting. Ukrainian presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych said in a video: "Russian forces have achieved only minimal advances, and in some cases we have advanced, since last month. "What we are seeing is a 'strategic deadlock." The day before, Russian bombardments in a residential area of Kharkiv, Ukraine's second-biggest city, killed seven people and injured 16, the Ukrainian Emergencies Service said. Russia's defence ministry yesterday said sea-based Kalibr missiles had destroyed an ammunition depot containing missiles for HIMARS rockets and other Western-made anti-aircraft systems in Ukraine's Odesa region. The ministry also said it had destroyed two M777 Howitzers in combat positions in the Kherson region, and a fuel depot in the Zaporizhzhia region that it said was storing more than 100 tonnes of diesel fuel. (More to follow)