The Duke of Sussex, 37, revealed last year he was set to publish tell-all memoirs which would be "wholly truthful" to his experiences. The memoirs had been "tentatively" scheduled for later this year, although conflicting reports cast doubt over precisely when they will hit the shelves. The memoir, published by Penguin Random House, will be the "definitive account" of the Duke’s "experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons". But a similar tactic is not one that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would likely employ to "counter the Sussex narratives", a royal expert has told Express.co.uk. Professor Pauline MacLaran, of Royal Holloway, University of London, described how the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge "cannot afford" to adopt such a "strategy" of releasing memoirs. She explained how releasing a form of rival memoir wouldn't prove to be a beneficial move for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, as they are still within the expectations of Royal Family conduct. Professor MacLaran, co-author of 'Royal Fever', added it would send the wrong message from Kensington Palace, constituting an "unseemly" action designed to gain "popularity". Such a move would also push the Firm towards courting celebrity status, she added. She told Express.co.uk: “William and Kate are not likely at all to be tempted by this strategy. “It wouldn't work for them in any case, as they bear more traditional burdens in their roles and cannot afford to be seen as rebels. READ MORE: Royal Family: Nothing ever enough! Meghan backlash “I imagine from a royal perspective, writing their memoirs would be considered a rather unseemly way to gain popularity. “Indeed, it would further erode the boundaries between themselves as royals and other celebrities. “This is a constant threat they face because if they become just another celebrity couple, they risk being perceived as ephemeral, only as good as their next photoshoot or burst of notoriety. “A key challenge for contemporary royalty is to remain above celebrity and to preserve the mystique of the monarchy. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options [LIVE] Royal POLL: Will you be listening to Meghan Markle’s podcast series? [VOTE] Meghan Markle dragged into heated row as Duchess 'gets voice back' [ANALYSIS] “So, more royal memoirs would definitely not be a good way to counter the Sussex narratives in my view.” The Duke of Sussex's memoirs will be ghost-written by Pulitzer Prize-winner, JR Moehringer. The Duke of Sussex said in promotional material: "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learnt — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." He continued: "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a first-hand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful." The Royal Family are not set to get an exclusive preview of the manuscript before its publication, the Telegraph claimed earlier this week. The publication claimed that neither Prince William nor Prince Charles have had a look at the memoirs.