Liz Truss has ruled out making changes to the UK's hunting laws, likening reigniting the debate to "opening Pandora's box." The Foreign Secretary told a Conservative Party member during the live leadership hustings in Exter on Monday that revisiting the 2004 ban would "possibly make the situation worse" for those who enjoy country sports.  Asked to repeal the Hunting Act 2004, Ms Truss replied: "You might know I'm an MP in Norfolk, which is a fantastic place for country sports - we have a very strong shooting industry, I'm very, very supportive of country sports. "I remember being a minister under David Cameron's government and looking at this issue, and I think opening Pandora's box could possibly make the situation worse for people who enjoy country sports. "So, whilst I share your love of rural pastimes and I'm a strong supporter of all the fantastic conservation work the shooting industry does, I think we've got to be very careful about opening that box." She added: "What I would say about me is you'll always get an honest answer. READ MORE: Tory leadership polls: Who is the favourite right now?  "I will never make promises I can't keep." "I've never made promises in any job I've done that I can't follow through," continued Ms Truss "I know I've been there. "I know how difficult that one is." She also said: "I want to reform the public sector. I'm going to lay out a 10-year plan of how we get rid of lots of quangos. We've got 500 of them. "How we slim down Whitehall. How we cut out bureaucracy." Earlier Truss declined to give details about the most embarrassing thing she has done in her life. She said: "Honestly? My daughters will be watching this and I absolutely am not going to say." During the quickfire question round, Ms Truss was also asked which opposition politician she admires the most. DON'T MISS:Brexit: Andrew Neil tears apart dim Remoaner argument [REPORT]Kigali admits it has space for just 200 migrants as UK forks out £120m [REVEALED]Hugh Grant hits out at Priti Patel for 'inhumane' Heathrow conditions [REPORT]  She replied: "Rosie Duffield because she stood up against the ludicrous lobby in the Labour Party who deny the fact that women are women, and she's been prepared to stand up for her beliefs." Asked if she is a person of faith and practises religion regularly, Ms Truss said: "I share the values of the Christian faith and the Church of England, but I'm not a regular practising religious person." Pressed to name the one public perception about her that is most wrong, Ms Truss joked: "They're all true." READ NEXT:More than 1,600 migrants have crossed the Channel this month'Volatile' political climate hitting drivers with petrol, diesel costsPriti Patel backs down from leadership race Priti Patel tearful while talking about sonPriti Patel shocks Tory MPs as she confirms she WON'T stand to be PM