Struggling to sleep in the high temperatures? While the latest heatwave sweeping the UK this summer is brilliant news for anyone planning a barbecue, it can be a nightmare for those who overheat at night. It's nearly impossible to get a good night's rest when you're fighting the night sweats. And while you can set up the best fan in the room ...the noisy buzz of whirring blades (not to mention the electricity cost of having that running throughout the night) means this is not the most attractive solution. If you're in the market for a new mattress, you'll be pleased to know that the best cooling mattress can help you enjoy a good night's sleep – even as temperatures climb. Whether you're suffering from hot flushes or night sweats due to the sweltering summer temperatures, the best mattress will keep your body temperature cool throughout the night. Quite apart from the clever cooling materials and designs incorporated into the best mattress picks in this guide, upgrading to a new model can have a number of other benefits too. Sleep experts recommend switching to a new mattress every six to eight years to ensure that your body is being supported correctly throughout the night, with plenty of cushioning for pressure points – like your shoulder and hips when sleeping on your side. Technically, there isn't such as thing as a "cooling mattress". Despite what some ambitious marketing bumpf might suggest, there isn't a specific type of mattress that will actively lower your core temperature as soon as you clamber into bed. Instead, there are specific materials and mattress designs that can promote airflow to keep you cool. For example, mattresses made with breathable materials and honeycomb-style foam structures will gaps for airflow will be the most effective in keeping you cool overnight, while denser and synthetic materials will be warmer. If you're a naturally hot sleeper, it's best to avoid synthetics. In the grips of a summer heatwave, it can be tempting to look for cooler materials above all else. However, it's worth remembering that, should we be treated to a white Christmas this year, you might be less excited about a mattress that can rapidly dispel heat. As such, a good all-rounder will offer breathable materials that keep temperatures low throughout the summer, but won't be chilly in the winter. In this guide, we've rounded up some of our favourite mattresses with cooling and breathable materials for a good night's sleep in sweltering summer temperatures. Shopping for a new mattress can be pretty overwhelming due to the dozens of brands and different mattress types. Finding the best mattress design for you can be tough, so we've summarised the three most popular types to make things a little easier. If you're a hot sleeper, we'd recommend looking at hybrid mattresses as these combine the cooling benefits of pocket springs ...while still boasting plenty of cushion and support from memory foam. • Memory Foam: Originally developed by NASA in the 1970s for seat cushioning during the extreme G-forces of takeoff, memory foam is designed to mould to the shape of your body, providing a personalised level of comfort and support. The memory foam used in mattresses slowly adapts over time, using the natural heat from your body to mould to its shape. Memory foam is the best mattress for side sleepers as it cushions the pressure points – the hips and shoulders – in this position, while keeping the spine aligned. Sleep experts often recommend memory foam for those who suffer from neck, shoulder and back pain. • Pocket Sprung: A pocket-sprung mattress relies on springs to provide its cushion and bounce for sleepers. However, these springs aren't the steel monstrosities that you remember from your childhood, instead, each individual spring is enclosed in an individual fabric compartment. This ensures the spring will only depress when pressure is applied directly to it – preventing all of the springs moving as a single unit. As such, pocket-sprung mattresses have a much lower motion transfer than traditional spring ones. Pocket sprung mattresses can be a little cooler than mattresses with just memory foam, which makes them a good choice for hot sleepers. • Hybrid: The best of both worlds, hybrid mattresses combines the two approaches above into a single design. As such, these mattresses tend to be a little pricier. However, if you've got the budget, a hybrid mattress offers the unmatched pressure relief from layers of memory foam with the bounce and airflow provided by a pocket spring design – perfect. Want to avoid overheating during the night, without a fan centimetres from your face? We've put together a definitive list of the best cooling mattresses. We've tried to ensure that we're catering to all budgets – with options ranging from a few hundred pounds with the best mattress deals, to four-figure sums for the most luxurious night's rest. We'll keep the rundown of cooling mattresses updated over time as new models are released. SIMBA has combined hand-knitted breathable wool with comfortable memory foam and custom-designed, graphite-infused SIMBATEX foam. This differs slightly from regular memory foam as it was specifically engineered by the teams at SIMBA to tackle overheating. According to the mattress brand, its "open cell" design allows 30x more airflow than regular memory foam. To promote even more airflow within the mattress, SIMBA has also included its Aerocoil springs. These cone-shaped springs are enclosed individually, like pocket-spring mattresses to ensure it offers low motion transfer. The SIMBA Hybrid Pro manages to pack a ludicrous 5,000 Aerocoil springs within its 28-cm depth. It's a seriously impressive premium hybrid mattress, which earned the full five stars in our in-depth SIMBA Hybrid Pro mattress review. But don't take our word for it. SIMBA offers a ludicrously generous 365-night trial on its mattresses. At any point within that year, you can send it back the mattress for free for a full refund. That means you'll be able to test out the SIMBA Hybrid Pro mattress during summer heatwaves – and make sure that it provides a good night's sleep during the cooler winter months too. It also offers a number of interest-free payment plans and a 10-year guarantee. This brilliant memory foam mattress from Nectar offers plenty of comfort without breaking the bank. And thanks to some clever design choices, it also keeps you cool overnight. Nectar has fitted its mattress with a quilted cover that's designed to draw away heat from your body throughout the night. Coupled with the support later of foam, which is much less dense than traditional memory foam, and the castellated shape of the supportive base, Nectar has designed every inch of this mattress to promotes airflow and keep your night sweat-free. Nectar's medium-firm mattress has a total of three top layers of premium foam designed to offer comfort, body support, and spinal alignment. These offer plenty of cushioning, especially when sleeping on your side, to avoid placing strain on your pressure points during the night. Nectar is so confident about the quality of the materials and design of its Memory Foam Mattress that it's the only brand in this guide to offer a forever guarantee. As the name suggests, this is a lifetime warranty with Nectar pledging to replace or repair anything that might go awry with the mattress for the duration that it's in your home. Pretty impressive. You can try the design for yourself, thanks to the generous one-year trial period. If you're feeling pretty confident about the new mattress, Nectar will remove old mattress for you as part of the delivery process. British "Bed In A Box" brand OTTY has a pretty impressive collection of awards and industry accolades for its Original Hybrid mattress. As the name suggests, this mattress combines comfortable memory foam to cushion pressure points and ensure your spine remains aligned with thousands of encapsulated pocket springs to bolster stability – especially at the edge of the mattress. But what makes this mattress such a good option for those who overheat at night is OTTY's unique Cool Blue Gel-infused foam. This memory foam is designed to dissipate heat during the warmest summer months, so you don't suffer with night sweats. OTTY offers a 10-year warranty on its mattresses, which is longer than most sleep experts recommend keeping the same mattress. There's also a 100-night trial, so you can put the pocket springs and cooling foam in the height of summer (and in cooler winter months) before you decide to commit to the Original Hybrid Mattress. MORE LIKE THIS