Former Strictly Come Dancing professionals Ola Jordan, 39, and James, 44, have confessed that their sex life has been impacted after they put on some weight after the birth of their daughter, Ella, two. In a new chat, Ola said their sex life is “worse” because they are “so fat” and James bemoaned that he can’t “throw Ola about” like he used to. Before having Ella, Ola typically weighed eight stone and is now measuring around 11.5 stone.Celebrity Big Brother star James has put on five stone and now weighs 16 stone.Opening up about intimacy in their relationship, Ola confessed: “The sex life is definitely different, if not worse, because we are so fat and don’t want to move after a bag of crisps and a Chinese.“The bellies get in the way of us when it comes to sex. And I’m a bit heavy now. It’s not as exciting.” READ MORE:First Dates' Fred Sirieix watches daughter dive in Commonwealth Games James also added to The Sun that “sex is definitely not better with the mum and dad bods”.  He is especially disappointed that he “can’t throw Ola about any more like [he is] used to”.The couple have now decided to change their eating habits in a bid to get back in shape.Ola and James were first motivated to go public with their image woes when they were ‘horrified’ by their bikini bodies. Two weeks ago, Ola shared a photograph of herself and James posing in their swimwear by a pool.Although she looked great in the hot pink two-piece, Ola opened up in the caption: “I’m horrified and so disappointed with myself and by posting this I’m hoping it will help motivate me to do something about it.“Our friend took this snap of us yesterday trying to stay cool by the pool but OMG... it was a total shock to say the least! When did we get mum and dad bods?“We know we’re not in our best Strictly shape but hey that’s what happens when you stop dancing for hours every day and have a baby (I just want to know James’ excuse).” DON'T MISSAlan Fletcher's heartfelt message to onscreen love Jackie Woodburne[INSIGHT]Charlene White hits out as she's blasted for Lionesses diversity query[NEWS]Naga Munchetty reacts to BBC co-star's promotion amid show absence[LATEST] The following week, the dancing couple appeared on Loose Women and James explained how he managed to pile on the pounds.He said that during the eight years he spent on Strictly he would train for around ten hours a day and he was able to eat whatever he liked.James told the panel: “It’s not rocket science, is it? It’s what you eat and if you’re not exercising, you’re going to put on weight.“I always said to Ola, I used to find it very easy because I was training so much all the time, I could eat whatever I wanted. “I always said, ‘I don’t understand why people put on weight’ and then I have put on three stone since I stopped Strictly, which is quite a lot.”Ola added that even though people tell her she “looks great”, she does not feel comfortable.She added: “People say you look great, but I don't feel like that.  “I don’t feel like I'm in my body. It’s weird.”