The future of Star Wars is still completely uncertain, and many characters' stories have been left open-ended. A few characters were "killed off" during the events of Star Wars Episode VIII - The Last Jedi. The actress behind one of the big hitters has just teased the possibility of a comeback, however. Gwendoline Christie played Captain Phasma in the sequel trilogy of the Star Wars films. She was introduced as the taskmaster for Finn, as stormtrooper captain who did not take prisoners and demanded discipline. Her character's story was infamously cut down to just a few scenes. And in The Last Jedi, her journey was brought to an end when she was knocked into a hole by Finn and Rose Tico. But, in a new interview, Christie has spoken openly about making a comeback to the Disney franchise. Christie was quizzed on if she could envision any kind of comeback for Captain Phasma - or an exploration of her character's story from the Star Wars comic books. She replied: "I haven't read the comics but, I mean, it's Star Wars! I would absolutely love that." While the star couldn't give any concrete news on any kind of comeback, she did touch upon the expanded story that was pitched for her character. "There was a template for a character that people got really excited about," she recalled. READ MORE: Star Wars: Cameron Monaghan breaks silence on Cal Kestis arrival Christie added: "It would be smashing if they felt that it was worthwhile to explore, along with some fabulous action." (Via Empire) The British star also touched upon the most recent appearance of Phasma in the media. Phasma fans recently saw the tyrant in the video game LEGO Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga. Speaking about the video game, Christie said: "This is the next step for me." The Game of Thrones actor isn't the only Star Wars actor who doesn't know where their character is going next. DON'T MISS...Star Wars fans baffled by bizarre inclusion in Andor trailer [NEWS]Star Wars: Cameron Monaghan breaks silence on Cal Kestis arrival [INTERVIEW]George Lucas was 'very upset' making Star Wars 'It's not good enough' [INSIGHT] Kylo Ren, the most popular villain in the sequel trilogy, suffered an underwhelming death. After he resurrected Rey Skywalker he disappeared into the Force. Since then, fans have been suggesting he may still have an opportunity to make a comeback in a future movie. What's more, rumours have spread in recent months that Kylo Ren's lineage will continue with Rey. Star Wars leaker Mike Zeroh recently claimed Rey will get her own Disney Plus show where she has a son named Cade Skywalker. He claimed she would have fallen pregnant through the Force via Kylo's sacrificial act. If this is the case, he would have continued on - but would Cade be a part of the light side or the dark side of the Force? The Star Wars franchise is available to watch on Disney Plus now. SOURCE