The Duchess of Sussex shared the spotlight with her doting husband in her latest interview released on Monday. In her first front cover article since the Sussexes left the Royal Family, Meghan touched upon an array of topics, including feeling free to use her voice again, her work and her home in Montecito she shares with Prince Harry, Archie Harrison and Lilibet 'Lili' Diana. The Duke chimed in the interview while discussing the Sussexes' organisation Archewell and how he and Meghan run it. Journalist Allison P. Davies described in her story for New York magazine The Cut the shared office from which Meghan and Harry work, saying it includes two chairs placed side-by-side behind a single desk. This same room is believed to be the one from which the Duchess filmed, in August 2021, a video promoting the 40x40 initiative to celebrate her milestone birthday. Speaking about their working arrangement, Harry appeared to make a dig at his own family across the pond. As the journalist took a peek at the office, the Duke told her: "Most people that I know and many of my family, they aren’t able to work and live together. "It’s actually really weird because it’d seem like a lot of pressure. "But it just feels natural and normal." The Queen, the Cambridges and Prince Charles all have working offices at palaces they have been using also as residences. However, they also regularly use other properties. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ letter predicting Diana's death kept secret for 6 yrs Prior to the pandemic, the Queen spent most of her working weeks at Buckingham Palace, where her communication team and main office are also based, and travelled to either Sandringham, Balmoral or Windsor for breaks. Since March 2020, she settled in Windsor Castle, from where she carries out audiences and her daily work. Similarly, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, have their office based in their London residence, Clarence House. However, they have several other homes where they can stay - including Birkhall, the Scottish residence they are currently spending the summer at. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William used Kensington Palace as their main residence and office. However, as confirmed earlier this month, they are moving with their three children into a four-bedroom home on the Windsor estate - Adelaide Cottage. Nevertheless, they are retaining Kensington Palace as their working office and Anmer Hall, their residence in Sandringham, as a countryside retreat. Meghan and Prince Harry started their married life at Nottingham Cottage, a small residence on the grounds of Kensington Palace. Ahead of the birth of Archie Harrison in May 2019, they relocated to Frogmore Cottage, a home just a short drive away from Windsor Castle. This residence remains their UK base, albeit it had been reportedly used for a few months by Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank. Prince Harry and Meghan made California their new home in late March 2020, as they were stepping down as working members of the Firm. After staying for a few weeks at the home in Los Angeles of producer Tyler Perry, Meghan and Harry found their new home in the star-studded neighbourhood of Montecito. Recalling what caught Harry's eye the first time they went viewing the residence, Meghan said: "One of the first things my husband saw when we walked around the house was those two palm trees. "See how they’re connected at the bottom? He goes, ‘My love, it’s us.’ "And now every day when Archie goes by us, he says, ‘Hi, Momma. Hi, Papa'."