Soldier Yurii Gerun decided to pop the question to his now bride-to-be Maryna Pityliak on Independence Day as she presented a celebratory programme on Ukrainian television. Mr Gerun delivered a heartfelt message, commenting on Ms Pityliak's blue eyes before a TV crew member brought in a ring and placed it in front of the Ukrainian journalist. Ukrainian soldiers have been apart from many of their loved ones for over six months now, as the war has continued to rage and peace talks have been put on pause. Speaking ahead of the proposal, the serving soldier said: "I wish you could always look with your blue eyes into my chocolate-coloured eyes. "That we create from our two independence one great independence, one great independence. "There's a huge responsibility behind us, because there's also a victory ahead of us, it's our mutual victory. "Of the whole nation, the whole country, and our own with you."  JUST IN: 'Security win!' Scholz calls for common EU air defence system to counter Russian threat     Another reporter in the studio whipped out a diamond ring in front of Ms Pityliak and put it in front of her, and said: "Your beloved wants to take you as his wife, what do you say to that?" Placing the ring on her finger whilst whipping tears of joy from her face, Ms Pityliak held up her hand to the camera as Mr Gerun asked: "Does it fit?" Ms Pityliak said: "Everything fits me with you." Mr Gerun added: "You're my meteorite." Ms Pityliak said: "I love you, that means 100 yes!"  READMORE:Channel migrant crisis could END after diplomatic ‘breakthrough’ between Libya and US     Users on social media have been reacting to the clip. One user @CBDParadise wrote: "Could u please stop making me cry every morning over the clips u post every day I'm a 43-year-old man. But also a Big Big thank u for that Slava Ukraini." @HknNyberg said: "Damn you, Anton... you're cutting those onions again... - - - - And I thank you for being the most reliable source of onion moments. Despite an unjust, tragic, brutal, horrific war... compassion and love prevail – and you deliver that to us, day after day." @RepatiAyuKemau said: "It's so beautiful, am crying." @LeeLabi2nite said: "What a way to surprise her with an engagement ring in front of the TV!!.. I am in happy tears... Congrats to you guys. Many happy, loving and best of memories for years yet to come." DON’T MISS: GB News: Dan Wootton fumes as June rail strike to 'wipe out small businesses'[INSIGHT]Brits to brace for recession until 2024 as cost of living crisis intensifies [REVEAL]House price crash: Homes to be empty ‘for very long time’ as recession hits – new forecast [SPOTLIGHT]  Other Ukrainian couples have been either split apart as the men in the country stayed to fight, whilst women and children evacuated at the beginning of the illegal invasion. There have been images circulating throughout the conflict which has been raging for the past six months, showing Ukrainian servicemen marrying their girlfriends. Images show Ukrainian servicemen wearing full camouflage military gear whilst saying their vows amongst small audiences of other soldiers. It is still unknown when Soldier Yurii Gerun and journalist Maryna Pityliak will marry, but it is likely to be after the war. READ NEXT