State pension rates will increase via the triple lock in April, as the mechanism has now been reinstated. Claimants are expected to see a boost in their income when the payment is reviewed. Britons are encouraged to use the state pension forecast as a guide to know how much they may be getting. The state pension forecast estimates how much state pension someone will get from the Government. It will give people an idea of how much their payments will be when they become eligible for it. Britons can still get a paper state pension forecast from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), although people are encouraged to go online to get the information using the ‘Check you state pension’ service. READ MORE: 'Can't make huge profit' Dragons' Den rejects turnover £4m after leaving show with nothing While it is understandable paying into pensions may not be the priority for many given soaring bills, it is still important to ensure people have planned for the years to come. David Gibb, chartered financial planner at Quilter, said: “When considering your future finances, it is important not to rely solely on the state pension. “Even if you are eligible to receive the full new state pension, which is currently £185.15 per week for the 2022/23 tax year, it is far below what most people consider to be enough to support their retirement. “You would therefore need additional funds to supplement it.” READ MORE: It'll wipe out our savings' Mum terrified as mortgage rate set to double when deal ends Britons are encouraged to check their state pension forecast if they are nearing retirement. If people are not on track to receive the full amount, it may be worth considering topping up any gaps. Buying voluntary Class 3 National Insurance contributions can help individuals top up their state pension if they have gaps in their record. People need 35 years of National Insurance contributions to qualify for the full new state pension, which is worth £185.15 a week. To qualify for any state pension at all, people need 10 years of National Insurance contributions. The full basic state pension is £141.85 per week. People usually need a total of 30 qualifying years of National Insurance contributions or credits to get this amount. People can usually pay voluntary contributions for the past six years. The deadline is April 5 each year. So each person has until April 5 2023 to make up for gaps for the tax year 2016-17. The standard cost of buying 'Class 3' National Insurance contributions is £15.85 for a week of missing contributions in the 2022-23 tax year. It would cost one £824.20 for an entire year.