Want to find out how to watch Liverpool vs Newcastle online and on your TV? We’ve got all of the details on the hotly-anticipated Premier League clash in Anfield tonight. Kicked off is scheduled for 8pm BST today (August 31, 2022). Those watching the livestream or broadcast on telly can expect coverage to begin from 7pm BST / 3pm EST / 12pm PT. Liverpool vs Newcastle is available on BT Sport in the UK – one of a total 52 games that will has the rights to this season. Prices for BT Sport drop significantly if you already have a BT broadband subscription, with all Premier League matches available across the 2022/23 season for just £16 per month plus a £20 upfront fee. If you're not a BT customer, it'll cost you £41 per month for the Big Sports package, which includes all Sky Sports channels, unlocking 160 live fixtures. Don't fancy signing up to another subscription? Non-BT customers can buy the BT Sport Monthly Pass for £25, which lets you stream a chosen match via the BT Sport app and doesn't require a subscription. If you're already subscribed to BT Sport, but you won't be back home in time to watch Liverpool vs Newcastle tonight, it's possible to livestream the Premier League fixture from your Android, iPhone, iPad or laptop using the BT Sport app. You can login to BT Sport as soon as you've placed an order for the subscription – so even if you signed up for the Big Sport bundle today and haven't had your new set-top box delivered, you'll still be able to stream from the phone or tablet app. Outside of the UK? If you’re currently abroad on holiday or a work trip, you’ll need to use a VPN to stream the game as if you’re on the sofa at home. In our opinion, the best VPN for streaming is ExpressVPN. For a limited time, you’ll get three months free when you sign-up for the top-rated VPN to catch all of the action from Anfield. Stateside? The Premier League rights were secured by NBC ahead of the 2022/23 season, so you'll need to be subscribed to NBC Sports to watch the game tonight. If you want to stream from NBC Sport, one critically-acclaimed option is Sling TV, which offers access to more than 30 channels streamed over broadband, including NBC, for just $35 per month. Like those in the UK who are out-and-about, if you're already subscribed to Sling TV but aren't located in the United States at the moment, you can watch the Liverpool vs Newcastle live stream by using a VPN such as ExpressVPN. Following their victorious nine goal win against Bournemouth, Liverpool are set to take on Newcastle ahead of the Merseyside derby and it’s undoubtedly going to be a suspenseful match to watch. Despite Liverpool taking home three points last weekend, it’s not going to be a walk in the park as Newcastle remain unbeaten after four games. The Reds are currently sitting behind the Magpies in the ranking so Juergen Klopp will be looking to continue the momentum by sending a strong offensive on. Last season, Liverpool took home a 3-1 victory against Newcastle and have not lost to them since 2015. The team will be missing Calvin Ramsay, Diogo Jota, Joel Matip and Naby Keita, while Darwin Nunez is still serving his suspension so will not be playing. Fans can expect to see David Allison, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Virgil Van Dijk, Jordan Henderson, Mo Saleh, Joe Gomez and more. On Newcastle’s side, Eddy Howe is eager to put Alexander Isak in the lineup but the record-signing striker is still waiting for his work permit and it could come down to the last hour. In addition, Bruno Guimaraes will miss out playing due to an injury and Allan Saint-Maximin will also be out. However, Kieran Trippier is predicted to play alongside Nick Pope, Sean Longstaff, Joelinton and more.