The footballer, who has not been named, was arrested in north London on July 4 surrounding rape allegations against a woman in her 20s in June. After it was announced that police would not be taking further action in relation to a June 2021 allegation, the unnamed woman become the subject of "considerable abuse". Barnet Police said it was "alarmed" to have been informed that the woman was targeted. In a statement on Twitter, Barnet Police said: "Following media reporting about the decision to take no further action (in relation to one offence) against a 29-year-old man arrested on July 4 on suspicion of rape, we've been alarmed to learn that the complainant in the case has been the subject of considerable abuse. "It can take courage to come forward to police. Those who do so deserve to be treated with respect and dignity, no matter the outcome of any subsequent investigation. Any abuse, online or otherwise, is unacceptable. "In this instance, no further action was taken because the relevant legislation had not yet come into effect at the time of the alleged offence. "This has been explained to the complainant who continues to be supported by officers." The player was further arrested while in custody over allegations of raping a different woman in April and June 2021. However, the Met Police have said "no further action" would be taken in relation to the June 2021 allegation. Scotland Yard said in a previous statement: "On 4 July, an allegation of rape of a woman in her 20s was reported to police. "It was reported the alleged rape happened in June 2022. On July 4, a 29-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of rape and taken into custody. "While in custody, he was further arrested on suspicion of two incidents of rape that were alleged to have been committed in April and June of 2021 against a different woman in her 20s. "No further action will be taken in relation to the offence in June 2021 but the investigation into the remaining offences is ongoing. "The man was initially bailed until a date in August but his bail has since been extended to a date in early October." The player denies the allegations and has been bailed until August. 