Tyson Fury has mocked Anthony Joshua again following his second successive defeat to Oleksandr Usyk. Shortly after the contest, the Gypsy King tore into both fighters on social media - claiming it was one of the worst heavyweight world title clashes he'd ever witnessed. Fury also seemingly confirmed he'd be willing to fight on and throw down with unified champion Usyk, who added the historic Ring Magazine belt to his collection in Saudi Arabia. Now the Gypsy King has made fun of Joshua's antics in the ring after the fight, when he stormed back from the tunnel to deliver a passionate speech. He shared a video on his Instagram story of a meme of Fury running to the ring for his fight with Dillian Whyte, accompanied with the caption: "AJ running back to the ring to talk absolute rubbish." AJ cut an emotional figure following the split-decision defeat and spoke from the heart on the microphone - praising the quality of his rival Usyk. In a long-winded, passionate rant, he told Sky Sports: "If you knew my story you would understand the passion. "I ain't no amateur boxer from five years old that was an elite prospect from youth. I was going to jail, I got bail and I started training my arse off, I wanted to be able to fight. "I'm stealing this Usyk I'm sorry, but it's because of the passion we put into this. "This guy to beat me tonight, maybe I could have done better, but it shows the level of hard work I put in so please give him a round of applause as our heavyweight champion of the world." He later added: "I'm not a 12-round fighter, look at me, I'm a new breed of heavyweights, Mike Tyson, Sonny Liston, Jack Dempsey, 'you don't throw combinations like Rocky Marciano', I'm 18 stone, I'm heavy, it's hard work. "This guy here is a phenomenal talent, we're going to cheer for him three times." Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn jumped to his man's defence in his post-fight press conference when Joshua struggled to hold back the tears. Hearn said of Fury: "Na, listen, this is a proper man here [Joshua], you know what I mean? A proper man who don’t talk s**t, doesn’t tell lies, he gives everybody his time. "I don’t know Tyson Fury well enough. This guy here [AJ] is my friend, he’s a great individual, he gave everything tonight. If you want to goad him for that then you are what you are." He later added in a separate interview: "You saw the reaction of [Joshua] there. In Tyson Fury, this is a guy who openly says he’s had all these mental health problems and struggles, stuff like that. "You see a guy [AJ] up there crying, as big and strong as AJ, who for years has put on a brave face. And tonight you just saw chinks in the armour. "So if you want to see a guy who’s been through this “mental health” experience and goading someone when they’re down and when they’re devastated, that shows you the kind of man he [Fury] is."