Chelsea were embarrassed at Elland Road on Sunday as they whimpered to a 3-0 defeat at the hands of Leeds. The Whites took the lead just after the half-hour mark as Brenden Aaronson robbed Edouard Mendy and put the ball into an empty net, before Rodrigo headed home a second moments later. And Jack Harrison wrapped-up the victory midway through the second period as he bundled home a third from close range. Chelsea were all over the place at times during the encounter. And Express Sport looks at five things we learned in Yorkshire. Thomas Tuchel needs time to mould his new-look team Thomas Tuchel is regarded as one of the best managers in European football and led the Blues to Champions League success just four months after arriving at Stamford Bridge. But he has overseen a tumultuous period in west London after the club were sold at the end of May. Tuchel lost a number of players over the summer as Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen and Timo Werner all left the club, while Romelu Lukaku rejoined Inter Milan on loan. The German has, meanwhile, welcomed the likes of Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella. And he clearly needs time to mould his new-look team and get them playing the football he wants. The Chelsea defence is all over the place The departures of Rudiger and Christensen appear to have hit Chelsea hard and they look all at sea in defence. Tuchel is known to structure his teams well at the back and he has had no issues shutting out rivals sides in the past. The Blues conceded a hatful of goals against the Whites - and they will need to improve quickly if they are to have any chance of competing for Premier League honours this season. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo U-turn, Newcastle eye double deal, Caicedo latest   Raheem Sterling is yet to find his form Sterling was a constant threat during his seven-year spell at Manchester City, where he bagged 131 goals and 96 assists in 339 appearances. But he has been quiet during his first three outings for Chelsea. Sterling was brought to Stamford Bridge because of his ability to strike fear into opposition defences and rack-up goal contributions. And Tuchel will be looking for more from the England international in the coming weeks. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four players in trouble with Glazers ready to spend £107.3mMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing CasemiroTottenham flop 'in Nottingham Forest's sights' as new boys eye 17th signing   N’Golo Kante is a big miss for Chelsea N’Golo Kante was only able to start 21 Premier League matches last season amid a string of injury problems. And his issues have continued this time around after he injured his hamstring against Tottenham and was ruled out for “weeks.” The Blues struggle to dominate matches at times without their energetic midfielder and look much more exposed in his absence. So Tuchel will be hoping the 31-year-old can return to the pitch sooner rather than later. Koulibaly needs to come up to speed with the Premier League Koulibaly proved he was a top defender during his time with Napoli in Serie A - and Chelsea splashed out around £33million to bring him to Stamford Bridge. The centre-back scored a sumptuous volley against Tottenham last time out, but looked out of sorts against Leeds as he was pulled all over the place. The 31-year-old was booked early on and was naive in his approach as he was shown a second and given his marching orders late on. So he will need to get up to speed with life in the Premier League quickly if he is to be a success in England.   