Nancy Pelosi praised the authoritarian state and claimed that China was "one of the freest countries in the world." The US Speaker went on to insist that China had a strong democracy and courageous people, sparking a furious reaction from radio host Nick Graham, and guest Ian Williams who claimed that her comments were like US Joe Biden not being able to put his jacket on. Ms Pelosi's visit to Taiwan last week, was condemned by many for sparking fears that China will invade Taiwan, due to China's reaction to her visit. Ms Pelosi said: "China is one of the freest societies in the world, don't take it from me that's from freedom house. "It has a strong democracy, courageous people and I just don't know why... Accept there's some commercial interest who would like to diminish the relationship." Mr Graham reacted to a clip: "I mean, that's the sort of spoken version of Joe Biden not being able to put his jacket on, isn't it?" Mr Williams told the Talk TV presenter: "It is extraordinary...or falling off his bike." JUST IN: Defiant Ukraine takes aim at Russia’s ‘ineffective’ and ‘obsolete’ weaponry  Mr Graham said: "What did he mean by that?" Mr Williams added: "I don't know, I mean I thought she had misspoken, and then she said it again in another interview. "I mean the whole point... I mean the Taiwanese are incredibly proud of their democracy, ok the official name of the island is Republic of China. "But nobody really uses that anymore, it's Taiwan, Taiwan is an incredible democratic success story, an open place that celebrates its diversity. "Across the other side of the straight, you've got Xi Jinping's China, which is moving rapidly towards a repressive grim dark surveillance state. "The two couldn't be further apart, why would you talk like that, generically about China, it's extraordinary." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Manhunt Meghan' went 'forensic' in search for husband, biographer says   Despite warnings from Chinese President Xi Jinping and US President Joe Biden, Ms Pelosi should not visit China last week, she pushed ahead with her decision. Geopolitical experts slammed her decision, as they claimed it could be seen as a direct provocation by China. China launched live-fire drills as part of its intimidation strategy towards Taiwan. Journalist Megyn Kelly slammed Ms Pelosi for her actions. DON’T MISS: 'You don't say!' Liz Truss has crowd laughing with Emmanuel Macron slapdown[INSIGHT]'Unwise' Prince Harry made crucial 'mistake' in UK row as Duke 'overplayed' his hand [REVEAL]'It should go now!' Leigh voters FURIOUS over Liz Truss broken Brexit promise [SPOTLIGHT]    Ms Kelly told GB News: "It's not a great time for us to be provoking other great world powers. "While we've been worried about nation building in Afghanistan and Iraq for the past 20 years, China has been steadily building up its ballistic missiles and its land to navy sea craft and all its other military capabilities. "There are a lot of military experts who now believe that if we get involved, we the American people get involved in a war trying to stop China trying to take over Taiwan as Joe Biden, contrary to our explicitly said we'd do, we'd lose." She added: "We're already distracted by all the things happening in Ukraine. "So it's not a great time, I think it was a vanity project and she selfishly made it all about her." READ NEXT 'For the love of God!' Ferrari brutally shuts down caller blaming EU exit for shortagesBritain to face ‘exceptional’ wildfire risk as four day amber alert comes into forceMum-of-eight who spent years indoors to stop people staring at her face dies at 47Putin ally could launch nuclear strikes on THREE countries including EU nation in new plot'Not so normal!' Biden ridiculed as US leader tries to shake hands with air - VIDEO  