House of the Dragon is coming to Sky and HBO from August 21 and Game of Thrones fans are excited for the prequel. The series is set hundreds of years before the events of the original show and it follows the family feud amongst the Targaryens. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes are in the fantasy drama. House of the Dragon has been a long time coming for fans after filming began back in April 2021. The epic drama will air on Sky Atlantic, NOW and HBO this weekend, with fans in the US having access from August 21. Those watching on Sky can catch up the following day, with an air date set for August 22. Set 200 years before the fall of the Iron Throne, the matter of the Targaryen succession is on everyone's minds. The first part of the story will air across 10 episodes and is based on the book Fire & Blood by George R R Martin. READ MORE: House of the Dragon’s Eve Best admits feeling ‘jealous’ of co-star New episodes will drop on HBO and HBO Max at 8pm CST on the same day each week. Fans in the UK will also have to wait until each Monday for the new episodes to air. Each episode has been given a unique title but ahead of the show's premiere, only two titles were announced. Episode one is called The Heirs of the Dragon, with episode two titled The Rogue Prince. The highly-anticipated series has already received rave reviews from critics who called it well-acted. While the prequel perfectly captures the essence of Game of Thrones, it boasts powerful character development. The new series focuses on how the in-fighting within the Targaryen dynasty begins. The feud eventually leads to the events of Game of Thrones with Daenerys (Emilia Clarke) and her brother stranded across the Narrow Sea. In the first episode, viewers will learn how King Visaerys (Paddy Considine) has been left without a son. His first-born daughter Rhaenyra (Emma D’Arcy) is instead named as the next in line for the throne. DON'T MISS...House of the Dragon boss exposes ‘taxing’ child fight scene in prequel [INSIGHT] House of the Dragon star Steve Toussaint slams Game of Thrones critics [DISCUSSION] How to watch House of the Dragon in the UK, US and abroad [EXPLAINER] This decision does not resonate well with the king's followers and it is clear women are not welcome on the Iron Throne. But Rhaenyra will not go down without a fight and she is adamant she would rather be known as a brave fighter than a producer of heirs. Although there are some themes of sexism in the historical drama, the show's bosses said it would not depict sexual violence. Writer and executive producer Sara Hess told Vanity Fair: "I'd like to clarify that we do not depict sexual violence in the show. "We handle one instance off-screen, and instead show the aftermath and impact on the victim and the mother of the perpetrator. "In general, depicting sexual violence is tricky and I think the ways we think about it as writers and creators are unique to our particular stories." This comes after co-showrunner Miguel Sapochnik said the series would approach the topic "carefully and thoughtfully". He said the series "does not shy away from it" and it would "shine a light on that aspect". He had said: "You can't ignore the violence that was perpetrated on women by men in that time. "It shouldn't be downplayed and it shouldn't be glorified."  House of the Dragon airs on HBO from August 21, with the series arriving on Sky Atlantic and NOW on August 22.