On Tuesday, a Twitter user supporting the Duchess posted a video of Meghan shown on a video wall at the US Open back in 2019. Julieth @troubleshade wrote: “Now that Serena announced her retirement, I hope Meghan goes to support her. Throwback of Meghan getting some much-needed love at the US Open back in 2019.” The Duchess is friends with Serena Williams, a relationship that was recently confirmed when the athlete mentioned Meghan in a new video for Vogue she appeared in. Serena is shown commenting on her most famous looks, until she gets to an outfit she wore at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding on May 19 2018. Then, the 23-time Grand Slams champion commented on the pink ensemble saying: "I love this image, this is at the royal wedding when my friend Meghan married Harry. "Again another Versace look and my jewels were from Bulgari, which were just stunning, and I have a fascinator on.” READ MORE: Royal Family: THREE new bombshells to upstage Duke's memoir Williams continued with more details on her look that day: "But what's so iconic about this is that I was like 'Royal Wedding? I am definitely wearing braids'. "So all night, it was two or three girls braiding my hair and I was so tired, I was like I am going to sleep. "So I lied down and they just kept braiding until the morning, and they finally finished. It was a very long process but it was so worth it." American superstar Serena Williams has revealed that she will be retiring from tennis, and explained that she will be moving "in a different direction". DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Prince Harry’s encouragement words to Ukrainian mumMeghan Markle’s ‘control freak’ security at Wimbledon ‘puzzled’ fanSerena Williams shrugs off Wimbledon loss as she wows in pink dress Williams appears on the front cover of the Vogue magazine for September, titled: "Serena’s farewell: I’m terrible at goodbyes." In a heartfelt Instagram post, the 40-year-old wrote: “There comes a time in life when we have to decide to move in a different direction. “That time is always hard when you love something so much. My goodness do I enjoy tennis. But now, the countdown has begun. “I have to focus on being a mom, my spiritual goals and finally discovering a different, but just exciting Serena. I'm gonna relish these next few weeks.” Williams has won the second-most Grand Slam singles titles with 23, just one behind Margaret Court. Though she will be hoping to match that record at the US Open later this month, where she may well say her farewell on home soil. The five-time WTA Tour Championship winner could have equalled Court’s record at Wimbledon earlier this summer, but she was beaten by French star Harmony Tan in the final. The victory would have enabled Williams to then beat the overall record at the US Open before calling time on her career, but she revealed that was never her intention.