Chelsea have made an offer worth over £50million for Brighton left wing-back Marc Cucurella as they look to close a deal for the Spaniard in the coming days, reports claim. The Blues are now in the ascendancy for the dynamic, curly-haired defender and there's a belief Manchester City have totally walked away from the negotiating table after they began talks with Anderlecht for left-back Sergio Gomez. The development has provided Chelsea with the green light to move ahead with a swoop for Cucurella and now there's confidence the transfer will get done. According to Fabrizio Romano, Chelsea have now submitted an offer worth over £50m for the former Barcelona and Getafe man.  Chelsea defender Levi Colwill has also featured during the club-to-club discussions, although Express Sport understands any sale is likely to be a separate transaction. Romano tweeted: "Chelsea have submitted bid worth more than £50m for Marc Cucurella on Tuesday evening. Club now hope to reach full agreement with Brighton, still no official answer - Cucurella's pushing to join Chelsea, he wants the move." READ MORE: Chelsea 'plot left-field Kyle Walker-Peters transfer' after Marc Cucurella deal Before adding: "Levi Colwill, discussed in separate deal." City are said to have bid as high as £40m before walking away from the table - despite Cucurella attempting to force a move to the Etihad Stadium. He submitted a formal transfer request last week but Brighton were insistent he would be going nowhere. Cucurella is also understood to have missed training on Friday before sitting out of Brighton's 5-1 pre-season-friendly victory over Espanyol. READ MOREChelsea 'receive green light' from second defensive target in timely Tuchel transfer boostChelsea 'internally discuss offering midfielder' to Leicester in Wesley Fofana swap bidChelsea target Wesley Fofana flirts with transfer with mysterious Instagram activity Seagulls chief Tony Bloom previously made it clear the club hold all the cards when it comes to keeping the player but now Cucurella could finally be set to get his wish. RB Leipzig left-back Angelino and Destiny Udogie are among the possible names that could replace Cucurella on the South Coast. The impending arrival of Cucurella in west London could also trigger the departure of Marcos Alonso to Barcelona. Alonso is keen to make the move but Chelsea are yet to sign off the deal due to their lack of reinforcements. Central defender Colwill has attracted interest from various clubs in the Premier League but Brighton are now in the box seat for the former Huddersfield loanee. Malang Sarr is also close to finalising a loan switch to Monaco which includes the option to make the transfer permanent. Chelsea are also in the market for a right-wing-back with Kyle Walker-Peters and Denzel Dumfries among those of interest to the board. Inter Milan do not want to sell Dumfries, however, while Walker-Peters could cost between £30m-£40m.