It's about to get much less complicated to take advantage of cheaper broadband. A new service, which is launching from today, will allow those who claim Universal Credit and other benefits to ask their Internet Service Provider (ISP) to check if they are eligible for cheaper deals. Virgin Media has already confirmed its commitment to the update which means millions will be able to get internet access for as little as £15 per month. Cheap deals for those on benefits aren't anything new with most of the major ISPs, such as BT and Sky, already offering cut-priced broadband access. However, until now it's been quite complicated for consumers to take advantage and that red tape is clearly putting people off with just 1.8 per cent of those eligible actually taking up the offers. The new scheme, which has been developed by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), hopes to change all that. Customers on these so-called social tariffs could, in some cases, save over a hundred pounds a year which is why it's so vital people their eligibility. The DWP also says the new system will simplify the process by removing the need for customers to prove their entitlement to broadband providers as regularly as every month. READ MORE: Apple warns all iPhone and iPad owners to check their devices today, don't ignore it "Social tariffs are vital for families struggling with bills, keeping them connected even in tough times," said Digital Secretary Nadine Dorries. "Our discussion with broadband companies led to the range of social tariffs on the market today and we've secured a raft of new cost-of-living commitments from them to ensure help is available for anyone that needs it." Right now, Virgin Media is one of the first to sign up for the new scheme but it's hoped that Sky and BT won't be far behind. Speaking about its commitment to the new plan, Lutz Schüler, Chief Executive Officer of Virgin Media O2, said: “Connectivity is a lifeline people can’t go without, and as one of the first providers to have introduced a social broadband tariff in 2020, we are committed to making it as easy as possible for customers to get support with the cost-of-living crisis. "We’re working to implement the API as soon as possible making it faster and easier to sign up for our social tariff as part of a comprehensive plan to boost the awareness, availability and attractiveness of Essential Broadband”. Here's what you could be paying if you are eligible: BT Home Essentials • £15 a month - 36Mbps speeds Virgin Media Essentials • £15 a month - 15Mbps speeds Sky Basics • £20 a month - 36Mbps speeds NOW Basics • £20 a month - 36Mbps speeds Hyperoptic Fair Fibre • £15 a month - 50Mbps speeds The benefits that the DWP’s new system will be able to verify the entitlement for are: • Universal Credit • Pension Credit • Income Support • Income-Based Jobseeker’s Allowance • Income-Related Employment Support Allowance If you claim any of the benefits above you should be able to slash your broadband bills much more easily in the coming weeks and months.