Lauren Hammersley stars as Charmaine Roberts on Netflix’s hit romance drama Virgin River. The actress recently opened up on social media about dealing with imposter syndrome and was inundated with support from fans and her co-stars.   Throughout the series, Charmaine found herself in a complicated love triangle after she revealed she was pregnant with Jack Sheridan’s (played by Martin Henderson) twins. Jack was the town’s bar and restaurant owner, who was also in a relationship with nurse practitioner Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge). It was revealed Jack and Charmaine had a fling before Mel arrived in the small town and he ended things with her to take his romance with Mel seriously. However, in season four Charmaine dropped a huge bombshell and revealed Jack wasn’t the father of her twins. READ MORE: Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think     This revelation came after a difficult pregnancy which Mel was professionally helping her get through. Charmaine had also suffered heartache at the hands of her new controlling husband Todd (Patrick Sabongui). Things got too much for the expectant mother during season four when she suffered a panic attack after fears she would lose the baby. With Mel and Jack by her side to support her, Charmaine finally confessed that Jack wasn't the father of her unborn children.    The actress Lauren Hammersley posted a clip of the tense scene on Instagram alongside a photo of the prosthetic bump she wore. The caption read: “My background is in comedy. I have massive imposter syndrome. “This was my first dramatic role and I never felt I knew my place or what I added to this show. “I felt like I earned my place during this scene,” Lauren concluded. DON'T MISS...Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview [INSIGHT]Virgin River season 5 theory: Hope McCrea to die as fans tip twist [THEORY]Why did Virgin River's Alexandra Breckenridge leave The Walking Dead? [INSIGHT]  Her comment section was inundated with supportive messages from thousands of fans as well as the actors she stars alongside. Lexa Doig, who portrayed Paige, wrote: “You killed it.” The season four newcomer Mark Ghanime, who stars as Cameron, commented: “This performance is [fire emoji]. You’re [fire emoji]. Bravo.” While Preacher star Colin Lawrence praised Lauren with numerous clapping emojis.  Fans also shared their admiration for the actress as @rosanne.woodley shared: “You’ve been AMAZING the whole show.” @joanneritchey added: “Oh girl, you did kill it!.” As @lllauraa_x stated: “You rocked it! So proud of you! I can't say it enough but you are an amazing actress and in acting, there is never too much drama!” As Charmaine's revelation ended the show on a cliffhanger, the upcoming fifth season will show fans how Jack and Mel will react.  Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available on Netflix 