A poll published earlier this week showed that 49 percent of Tory supporters thought Mr Johnson should remain Prime Minister. This is more than the combined support seen by both Ms Truss and Mr Sunak. Just 20 per cent of respondents supported Mr Sunak. Meanwhile, 18 percent of those polled supported Truss. The remaining 12 percent of respondents were undecided. The latest polling is in stark contrast to public opinion at the time of Mr Johnson's resignation. According to polling conducted by YouGov, at least half of Britons believed Johnson should resign from April onwards. Two days before Mr Johnson resigned on July 7, 69 percent of the nation supported his resignation. A total of 54 percent of 2019 Conservative voters wanted him to step down. The latest poll, conducted by The Times, was accompanied by interviews with floating voters in marginal constituencies. They showed limited enthusiasm for the two Conservative party leadership candidates. READ MORE: Boris allies condemn ‘kangaroo court’ probe into claims PM misled PMs Richard, a plumber in the marginal seat of Southampton Itchen, said: "The others have not had to deal with everything he’s had to. "He stepped straight in and it was Brexit and then it was Covid and now it’s the war in Ukraine. "Everybody waffles on about, he should have done this, he should have done that. DON'T MISS: Boris allies condemn ‘kangaroo court’ probe into claims PM misled PMs [REACTION] Rishi Sunak allies claim ex-Chancellor can defy Liz Truss' poll lead [INSIGHT] Liz Truss faces major setback as Gove backs underdog Sunak [ANALYSIS] "But I’d like to see them in his shoes." Another voter, from the red wall seat of Oldham East & Saddleworth, said of Mr Johnson: "If he would have failed or succeeded, we’ll never know now. "But he should have been given the opportunity." Another, from Esher & Walton, agreed, saying: "I really liked Boris and I was really, really disappointed in the way he was treated. "They’re picking on minor things. "You know, furnishings and wallpaper and making such a big deal about it. "And it’s the media. "The media are the ones that turn everyone against him."