Investigative journalist and documentary maker Stacey Dooley announced she was expecting her first child with former Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer Kevin Clifton. She revealed the news to her one million followers on Instagram with many flooding to congratulate her. Stacey joined Rob Beckett on Claudia Winkleman's Radio 2 show and explained why it was hard to keep the news hidden. Introducing her to the show, Rob listed off all the achievements she has accomplished throughout her career. Laughing at his comments, she joked: "The only way is down Rob, the only way is down." Wanting to congratulate her, Rob exclaimed: "Well it's not because you have even better news that you shared on Instagram, congratulations you're having a baby!" Elated, Stacey said: "Oh thanks, do you know I cannot quite believe it! I feel so delighted and I am really made up, I feel very lucky." READ MORE: Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death Rob added: "It is amazing and congratulations, I quite enjoyed the way you announced it on Instagram. "I can't really repeat that on Radio 2 but if you go to her Instagram you can read the news." Stacey laughed at the comment and revealed: "Honestly, one person after the other, have a nose on my Instagram. "But do you know what I thought 'I have to settle this once and for all' and I couldn't hide it, nothing fits, I have got the hump with jeans, I can't put my jeans on." On Friday, Stacey took to her Instagram and posted a polaroid image of herself cradling her baby bump. She captioned the image: "Gaaaaaaang.....We are having a baby! So bloody delighted. Kev, you're magic, I love youuuu. "Was becoming impossible to hide and if one more person asks me if I've had my tits done in LA I'm gonna scream. Here goessssssss." (sic) Many of Stacey's friends commented on the post, with fellow Strictly star Dianne Buswell praising: "Congratulations." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected [LATEST]Naga Munchetty savages Labour MP in bill rescue package  [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford rushes off This Morning set in tears after Rylan joke [WATCH] Internet sensation and blogger Zoe Sugg commented: "Eeee so exciting!! Congratulations!" Partner Kevin Clifton simply penned: "Love you," along with a heart emoji. Graziano di Prima quipped: "Whaaaaaaattttttt?!!!! OMG SO HAPPY FOR YOUUUUUU @keviclifton @sjdooley." Amy Dowden exclaimed: "Ayyyyyyy the best news for two beautiful souls! So happy for you both @sjdooley @keviclifton." Susannah Constantine joked: "You have t**s AND YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE A BABY!! Screaming with delight for you both! Best news EVVA!" (sic) Kevin and Stacey were crowned Strictly champions in 2018 after winning viewers' hearts with their incredible dancing and chemistry. Months later it was revealed Stacey had split from her long-term boyfriend Sam Tucknott and started her relationship with Kevin. The pair have since kept their relationship private and out of the way of the public, with the baby news being their first big announcement with each other. Claudia Winkleman airs every Saturday from 10am on BBC Radio 2.