Tippi Hedren was discovered in 1961 by director Alfred Hitchcock while appearing in a television commercial. She went on to become successful for her roles in The Birds and Marnie, as well as for her extensive efforts in animal rescue at Shambala Preserve, a wildlife habitat that she founded in 1983. However, according to Business Insider, the actress was awarded $1.5 million (£922,000) in court after a "bizarre sound stage accident" resulted in a head injury. In 2013, Business Insider reported: "Hedren was filming a television show when a gallon of water fell from above and hit her 'at about 25 mph' leading to a return of crippling headaches she had suffered earlier in life." The accident occurred in San Diego, California on June 22, 2006. The Telegraph reports seeing a 27-page appeal court judgement, which stated water had "accumulated on a plastic tarp under the sound stage's plywood roof, possibly because a bird's nest was blocking a condensation tube in the air conditioning system." READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign you may notice in the morning The accident happened during the filming of a TV show called Fashion House. Business Insider states Hedren was "portraying a woman dying of cancer and using a walking frame. "She was wearing a nightgown and slippers when the water fell on her." Hedren testified that it "felt like part of the ceiling had dropped on my head". She described the experience as a "terrible shock." The actress said she had previously suffered from headaches in the mid-1990s. These had been cured thanks to a "miracle" spinal fusion surgery in which a titanium plate was attached to her neck vertebrae. However, the accident is said to have brought back her "chronic head pains". DON'T MISSAnn-Margret's 'devastating' fall and facial surgery [REPORT]Ashton Kutcher shares the symptoms of his debilitating health battle [REVEALED]B12 deficiency symptoms: The 4 uncomfortable signs on your tongue [INSIGHT] The NHS states that headaches that "go away on their own" tend not to be "a sign of something more serious". Most headaches last between 30 minutes and several hours. However, there are some instances in which you should be concerned about headaches. The NHS says you should see a GP if: You should get an urgent GP appointment or call 111 if you have: