The triple lock sees the state pension rise each year by whichever is the highest of: 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. The measure was temporarily ditched in favour of a double lock this year, as earnings data was warped due to the pandemic. It meant a 3.1 percent increase for pensioners this year, many of whom were upset as original data had predicted an eight percent rise. With the temporary change, many have questioned whether the triple lock could be pulled away again, and indeed whether the policy has longevity. Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the triple lock. The expert acknowledged that funding projections suggest the state pension is sustainable “for now, at least”. READ MORE: State pension payments to be swallowed by energy bills However, he also highlighted the high costs of the Government’s ongoing policy. Mr Tully said: “The Government has committed to the triple lock which would see the state pension rise by what many economists predict will be the peak of inflation of around 11 percent to 12 percent. “The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has said previously that each percentage point on the state pension costs around £900million. “So a 11 percent increase would cost the Government about £10billion, just for next year.” DON'T MISSTesco Clubcard warning as Britons have weeks left to use vouchers [UPDATE]Woman, 55, urges others to take action to fix pension shortfall [EXCLUSIVE]What recession & interest rate rises may mean for your finances [ANALYSIS] As the expert highlighted, pensioners are set for a potential windfall next year as payments are expected to jump based on inflation. It could see the full new state pension climb to around £10,783 if inflation hit 12 percent in September. Whether the triple lock is sustainable in the long-term future remains to be seen. A number of factors will inevitably come into play as it relates to the increasing of the state pension. READ MORE: State pension to rise by £2,000 to £11,654 a year so will you miss out Mr Tully added: “It’s worth remembering the state pensions of today’s retirees are paid for from the tax receipts of today’s workers. “The Government will have a tricky fiscal balancing act to ensure the state pension continues to be funded while promises of tax cuts are being bandied about.” The triple lock will make its return in 2023/24 according to the Department for Work and Pensions. The Government has also confirmed the triple lock will remain in place for the rest of the current Parliament. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The triple lock and its future will be a huge decision for the next Prime Minister to take on. While the sum is primed for a substantial increase, it will be somewhat dependent on the decision of whoever becomes the next leader of the Conservative party. Reports have suggested Liz Truss, candidate for the Tory leadership, has said she will uphold the triple lock commitment. Rishi Sunak, her contender, defended a reinstatement of the policy while he was still Chancellor.