Anthony Joshua has been sent a stern warning by former heavyweight world champion Joseph Parker. The 32-year-old is gearing up for his long-awaited championship rematch with Oleksandr Usyk set to take place in Saudi Arabia this month.  The Ukrainian defeated AJ on points at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last September in a relatively convincing points victory. AJ will need to significantly change his approach to increase his chances of toppling Usyk in Jeddah, and during a chat with Sky Sports Parker stressed the need for the Watford local to be mentally sharp. "He can always be dangerous," Parker said of his former rival. "He possesses the natural heavyweight ability to hurt people and to hurt other heavyweights. Let's see what his plan is coming into this fight and see where his head's at. “You can be physically in great shape but mentally if you're not there it's a waste of time.” Parker was the first man to go the championship distance with Joshua when he lost the WBO belt to the then-unified champion in 2018." JUST IN: Anthony Joshua told secret Oleksandr Usyk weakness that 'nobody talks about' before fight   The New Zealander is well aware of the threat AJ possesses and no doubt has the tools to turn the tables on his rival when they clash for the second time. "He was a good champion and he can be champion again. It's just that it's up to him now,” Parker added. “It's up to him and his new team to make the changes that he needs to attack what Usyk's going to bring. There's a lot of support for him. Everyone's supporting him here in the UK. But also Usyk's got a lot of support as well from his home so we'll see what happens." Despite knowing and understanding more than most what Joshua is capable of, Parker still believes Usyk is the favourite to come out on top. "I would have to side with Usyk [winning] just because of the confidence that he's going to come in with from the first fight. But it'll be interesting," Parker continued. DON'T MISS "I see it being a great fight. The first fight was a fantastic fight. Not sure what Joshua's doing with his team, in terms of changing his trainer and how he's going to adjust and change his style coming into the second fight." Parker is set to face Joe Joyce on September 24 to decide the leading contender to challenge the winner of the Usyk-Joshua bout.