Johnny joined Craig Doyle and Josie Gibson on This Morning to talk about his new glamping series. He explained he wanted to ensure it showed the highs and lows of setting up a glamping site. But as Johnny spoke of the tough realities he faced, Josie said life “didn’t work out” for him in a brutally honest moment. “We always said I don’t want to do that show where because you’re on TV, everything worked out for you,” Johnny commented. “It doesn’t, and it’s not meant to, it’s life isn’t it.” Josie agreed: “It certainly doesn’t for you.” Johnny burst out laughing as he replied: “Ha, thank you!” READ MORE:Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up: Celebrity contestants confirmed As Josie covered her mouth in shock after realising what she’d just said, Johnny decided to play up to what she said. “I’ll just walk off and cry now,” he said as he put his hands over his eyes and stood up to leave the interview. Singing “all by myself,” Johnny pretended he was done with the interview as Craig and Josie were in stitches. Of course, it was all in jest as Johnny returned to the This Morning sofa but continued to tease Josie over her error. “You’ll find Clodagh McKenna out there from yesterday,” Craig teased. “The exact same thing happened.” “Best thing I’ve heard in an interview. Life doesn’t go to plan does it?” Johnny laughed. “Well, it doesn’t for you.” Josie tried to stifle her laughter as she apologised: “I’m so sorry.” “I was given these genetics, I’ve done the best I can,” Johnny continued. DON'T MISS...Josie Gibson tearful after emotional Olivia Newton-John tribute [VIDEO]GMB fans outraged as ‘sexist’ strip club ban row erupts  [INTERVIEW]BBC Breakfast guest told ‘put it away’ after wardrobe mishap [WATCH] Craig jumped in: “She does this all the time. It’s the best thing in the world.” Eventually the hosts managed to get the interview back on track and Johnny shared details of his new glamping series. In the first series of Carry On Glamping, viewers saw Johnny try to renovate a Maltese bus which he planned to have on his camp site. His site, which was known as the Field of Dreams, was unfortunately forced to close after reportedly “struggling to cope” in wet and windy weather. It’s believed the second series of Carry On Glamping, will explore the difficulties Johnny faced. Johnny and his assistant Bev Dixon will be seen search for a new glamping site and acquiring new vehicles to renovate. Jonny Rothery, commissioning editor for Channel 4, said: “Following Johnny’s journey to open his glampsite was a rollercoaster of emotions – funny, heartfelt, perilous and poignant. “I’m so pleased Johnny and Bev are back to do it all again, and in a longer series commission, as we see them attempt to bring even bigger plans to life.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.