Officers have set up two crime scenes within a short distance of each other in Birmingham. Newhall Street has been closed to the public between Lionel Street and Fleet Street while there is a large police presence in Temple Row after the incident earlier today.    West Midlands Police said in a statement its officers were called to Temple Row at about 9.50am to reports a woman had been attacked with a knife. The force said the 26-year-old was taken to hospital where she remains in a serious condition. A 46-year-old man was detained by police in Newhall Street minutes later after help from members of the public, according to West Midlands Police. Its statement added that at this stage the force believes it to be an isolated incident and officers are not looking for anyone else.     Detective Superintendent Ed Foster, said: "Thanks to members of the public who helped us track the suspect, we were able to detain him within minutes of the incident happening. "He has been taken to hospital after sustaining an injury during the incident, but remains under police detention. "Officers remain in the area carrying out enquiries and to offer reassurance to the public. "If you witnessed the incident or have any information and haven’t yet spoken to us, we’re really keen to hear from you and would ask you to please get in touch."   READ MORE ABOUT BRITONS TOLD TO TURN DOWN THE TEMPERATURE OF THEIR BOILERS Ahead of the statement being issued, a barman at the Square Peg pub told Birmingham Live at about midday today: "I don’t know what happened exactly, but we’ve heard someone was attacked. I think it was serious. "We saw police arrive earlier this morning - a couple hours ago or so." Anyone who saw anything or with information has been urged to get in touch with West Midlands Police via its website west-midlands.police.uk or to stay anonymous, call the charity Crimestoppers on 0800555111 quoting log number 1127 of August 16.  DON'T MISS:  Girl, 12, rushed to hospital after swimmer dives on her head [REPORT] How to clean a conservatory roof: DIY solution for ‘unsightly’ stains [REVEALED] Royal Family: 'Desperate' Harry and Meghan spark fierce backlash [LATEST]