Zara Tindall, This Morning’s Dr Zoe Williams, Judy Murray and Sky Sports presenter Anna Woolhouse, recently took part in the Slingsby Gin Golf Academy to compete for a spot in the BMW PGA Championship. Taking on the challenge. the ladies started as complete beginners and were trained by PGA professionals over six months.As well as picking up the skills of the game, they developed a real friendship and supported each other through the process.In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Dr Zoe said: “One of the best bits was getting to know Judy, Zara and Anna. I don’t think I could have done it on my own, it would have seemed much more daunting.  “We have all become good friends. There was a bit of healthy competition, we are all naturally competitive people, but I think more than anything we felt that camaraderie and the bigger purpose that we are doing collectively as a team.” READ MORE:Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell The ladies took on the challenge in a bid to encourage more women to take up golf and to highlight the social aspects of the sport.When asked whether she picked up any tips from Zara about her sporting expertise, Zoe said: “I didn’t really pick up any tips from Zara because if golf is outside my comfort zone, anything to do with horses is way outside my comfort zone!  “I’d be more likely to pick up tips from her husband [Mike Tindall] because rugby is my sport.”  As well as playing rugby himself, Mike is also an avid golfer. When asked whether he may have given Zara an edge, Zoe said: “Normally, I would say yes because she has got that inside help and knowledge.“Also, Mike has a golf simulator at home and I know she spent some time with him on the golf course.  “But Zara was just so busy at that time with the Queen’s Jubilee, there were all sorts of sporting events and Ascot and all of that. We have all got very busy schedules but I think Zara has had a particularly busy schedule over the last six months.  “Maybe [Mike] gave her a bit of an edge, but perhaps that was only fair because she had a lot of work to do.” DON'T MISSJoan Collins on looking fantastic at 90: 'I only tan my legs and body'[INSIGHT]Louise Redknapp ‘cries 10 times a day’ over bittersweet family goodbye[NEWS]TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son[LATEST] Mike also opened up about how pleased he was that Zara had taken up the sport and that they could tee off together.Speaking in May, he told Hello!: "Zara has this year taken up golf with the Slingsby Golf Academy, so she is going to be hitting a few balls.“She also does a great job raising money through selling Mulligans around the course.“My golf is a bit like the weather – changeable - but I really enjoy it and it's a great way to spend time with friends." The ladies played their highly-anticipated game at Wentworth Golf Club last week.The winner has not been announced yet but is set to be revealed in due course.For more information about the Slingsby Golf Academy visit www.spiritofharrogate.co.uk/pages/slingsby-golf-academy