TV doctor Michael Mosley, has been hailed a weight loss guru having created the likes of his own diet plan such as the 5:2 and the Fast 800. And it turns out, he too has lost a significant amount of weight over the years and reversed his type 2 diabetes. But how did he do it? He was diagnosed in 2014 and it was then he realised he needed to change his eating habits to promote "long-term, sustainable weight loss" that would eventually reverse the condition. At the time, he described himself as "thin on the outside, fat inside". In a world full of diets, fasting is one of many methods of shifting weight, and Dr Mosley insisted he turned his life around with the help of his own diets that promote fasting alongside a healthy eating plan. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Dr Mosley is an advocate of the Mediterranean diet, which is packed with nutritional foods such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and heart-healthy fats. While it suggests followers consume a low intake of red meat, dairy, and foods high in sugar, it doesn't cut them out completely. The diet is a good option for people who want to ease themselves into a weight loss journey. The foods are also associated with a variety of benefits and may help support brain function, promote heart health and regulate blood sugar levels. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] The Fast 800 website states it is an "evidence-based and sustainable approach to weight loss and good health". It offers non-vegetarian and vegetarian meal plans created with adequate protein and fibre to help people reach their goals, while still including plenty of variety and flavour to keep them feeling satisfied. It has quickly become one of the most popular weight loss plans, with slimmers typically losing around 10kg in three months. Dr Mosley and his team of experts recommend to follow the online programme for up to 12 weeks, which can be used to kick-start weight loss and improve metabolic health. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim It is split into two different sections, with the first couple of weeks requiring slimmers to restrict calories to just 800. This can be done by consuming both low-calorie meals or meal replacement shakes. The weight loss guru said: "If you're going on simply a meal replacement diet you really ought to speak to your doctor, particularly if you're on any form of medication. "They can be really helpful. But what you're looking for is long-term, sustainable weight loss. "And that can be achieved, it really can be." On days when people unable to cook, they may consume a meal replacement shake, that is high in protein, fibre and healthy fats. According to the website, they also contain vitamin supplements designed especially for a low-calorie diet, which is designed to get the body burning fat by prompting mild ketosis. It should be noted that meal replacement shakes can come with some side effects, such as headaches, constipation or tiredness. This could be down to dehydration, so the programme encourages its followers to increase their water intake to two to three litres per day.