Leeds’ transfer for Hwang Hee-Chan is not progressing as the Whites will not sell Jack Harrison to Newcastle to fund a deal for the Wolves striker, according to reports. Jesse Marsch wants to sign a new striker in the final days of the window but it is now unlikely to be Hwang. The South Korea international has fallen down the pecking order at Wolves after a bright start to his career with the club. Wolves decided to make his loan from Red Bull Leipzig permanent this summer despite just one goal since the turn of the year. Marsch has reportedly been keen to sign his former Leipzig forward for Leeds. However, it could be a difficult deal to complete as the Yorkshire outfit are unwilling to raise funds by selling winger Harrison. That is according to Teamtalk, who claim that signing Hwang could hinge on the departure of Harrison. The 25-year-old former Manchester City player is wanted by Newcastle in a bid to bolster Eddie Howe’s attack. JUST IN: Arsenal may face Chelsea transfer fight to land player Emery wanted Marsch has said that Leeds will try to strengthen their own squad before Wednesday’s transfer deadline. He said last week: “I think I would say this: we're always actively thinking. We've done a really good job of acting early, and then giving these players [who have already signed] the best chance to integrate as smoothly and quickly as possible. “We’re really trying to find the right fit more than just adding a position or a number or a player. Really trying to make sure that every decision we make is the right decision.” Hwang had a bright start at Wolves, scoring four goals in the opening weeks of last season. However, the 26-year-old’s form has nosedived and a February strike against Arsenal remains his only goal since last October. DON'T MISS...Arsenal and Newcastle on alert after Real Madrid star 'offered'Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd medical set, Chelsea hold Zaha talksWright sends Gordon advice to Lampard as Chelsea weigh up £60m bid Hwang’s miscued clearance allowed Newcastle to equalise in the clubs’ 1-1 draw on Sunday. Head coach Bruno Lage has forgiven the error but has told all Wolves players linked with departures that they must continue to concentrate. “Football is about that, making mistakes,” Lage said. “The most important thing is how we come from one mistake and we are here again. That is what I want from my team, to understand what we need to improve. This is about football and life, we cannot cry and look back to see what happens. “He knows. It was an easy ball in the corner and he put it back in a dangerous place. For sure he didn't want to do that, and for sure he didn’t want to miss a penalty.” Responding to a question over Hwang’s future, Lage added: “When the market is open, the most important thing is how the players react when they make these mistakes. They need to be focused, they need to understand what we need from them. There are a lot of people who can speak about their future, what is important is, ‘My manager gives me 10, 15 minutes, I need to do my best’."