House of the Dragon is adapted from material in George R.R. Martin’s Targaryen history book Fire and Blood, which charts the battle for the Iron Throne during the reign of King Viserys I (played by Paddy Considine) with the monarch left in a tricky position. Among the possible candidates are Viserys’ named heir and his mercurial brother Daemon Targaryen (Matt Smith) and his daughter Rhaenyra (Emma D’Arcy). However, there are others with ambitions including Corlys Velaryon (Steve Toussaint) and his wife Princess Rhaenys (Eve Best) as well as Otto Hightower (Rhys Ifans) and his daughter Alicent (Olivia Cooke). Express.co.uk looks at all the major players vying for the Iron Throne and who ends up succeeding Viserys. The rightful heir to the Iron Throne was Viserys’ first-born son but sadly his child perishes not long after birth. With the baby dead, Viserys’ named heir was Daemon but he lost his place as the chosen successor when he slighted his deceased infant rival. Viserys defied convention and appointed his eldest daughter Rhaenyra (Milly Alcock), making her the first queen to sit on the Iron Throne. However, by appointing a female successor Viserys opened himself up to criticism with Rhaenys feeling hard done by after she was initially passed over as heir by her grandfather because she was a woman. READ MORE: House of the Dragon cast: Who's who in Game of Thrones spin-off series? Her husband Corlys knew of Rhaenys’ dismay as the Queen Who Never Was and the pair may feel this wrong needed to be righted with her becoming the ruler of Westeros - something which could be addressed later on in House of the Dragon. Then there’s the King’s Hand Otto, who was a trusted advisor to Viserys and bore much love for his monarch, however, he also had plans to rise to power. Similar to Tywin Lannister (Charles Dance) arranging the marriage of his daughter Cersei (Lena Headey) to Robert Baratheon (Mark Addy), Otto planned to instal his young daughter Alicent (Emily Carey) as the next queen. This would mean his grandchildren would be potential rulers and he would become part of the royal family. READ MORE: Aegon’s dream explained: What is The Song of Ice and Fire dream? In Fire and Blood, Rhaenyra was named Viserys’ heir but everything changed after her father wed Alicent (Oliva Cooke) later. Alicent and Viserys had a brood of babies Aegon II, Queen Helaena, Prince Aemond and Prince Daeron, which in theory meant her eldest son had a strong claim to the throne over Rhaenyra. Moreover, Alicent wanted her son Aegon II to sit on the Iron Throne because he was male and she would be queen regent - despite her husband’s plan to pass on the crown to Rhaenyra. This all sewed the seeds of discord and led to civil war and in-fighting among the Targaryens, known as the Dance of the Dragons. READ MORE: House of the Dragon episode 1 review: If Succession had dragons Ultimately, Alicent’s son Aegon II succeeded his father Viserys and took to the Iron Throne, despite Rhaenyra disputing his claim. Aegon II’s rule only last a couple of years after Rhaenyra fought against him on the battlefield where both siblings died. This meant Rhaenyra never sat on the Iron Throne, even though she was groomed from a young age to be queen. After Aegon II and Rhaenyra died, Aegon III became king and his reign seemed to heal some of the rifts in House Targaryen as it brought together the family once again. DON'T MISS...Game of Thrones: Why did Cersei Lannister sleep with Lancel? [EXPLAINER]Game of Thrones sex and nudity by numbers [ANALYSIS]Game of Thrones family tree: How are the Starks and Targaryens related [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones filming locations: Can you visit the sets? [IN DEPTH] Aegon was the eldest son of Rhaenyra and her uncle Daemon with the couple having a total of four children together Aegon, Viserys Targaryen, and Visenya Targaryen. Although Rhaenyra never ruled, she was mother to both King Aegon III and also to King Viserys II, who succeeded his brother. Rhaenyra also had an eventful life and a whole brood of children before her untimely death as she fought for a throne she felt had been usurped by Alicent. Given House of the Dragon is right at the beginning of this story, there could be some time to go before we get to this point. House of the Dragon airs on HBO on Sundays and Sky Atlantic on Mondays and is streaming on NOW