Tottenham could sanction an exit for Lucas Moura on deadline day with Aston Villa waiting to pounce, according to reports. Steven Gerrard's side may have to rely on several stars aligning, however, with Wolves and Leeds United poised to play key roles in the deal. Villa have endured a troubled start to the new campaign with one win and three defeats so far. Gerrard has generally stuck to a narrow formation with Leon Bailey the only established wide attacker at his disposal. To expand his options, The Telegraph claim that Villa are interested in signing Lucas, who has tumbled down the pecking order under Antonio Conte. Dejan Kulusevski and Heung-min Son are on the flanks in a flying front three and summer signing Richarlison has only added to the competition. It remains to be seen whether Lucas, who has two years remaining on his Spurs contract, would be willing to ditch Champions League football to work under Gerrard. JUST IN: Arsenal 'working on Danilo transfer' as Arteta discovers Palmeiras' stance on £18m sale It is still up in the air whether Villa will get their chance to strike, given that Lucas' availability will depend upon two other moves going through. The first is Leeds' prospective swoop for Wolves forward Hwang Hee-chan. The Whites have already had a £17million bid rejected for the South Korean international but could yet go back for more. If Leeds get their man, they may be inclined to let flying winger Daniel James join Spurs with a season-long loan deal and an option to buy thought to be on the table. DON'T MISS...Conor Gallagher's view on Crystal Palace move as Chelsea weigh up 'permanent bid'Chelsea reach agreement as Todd Boehly gets his wishNicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit The Welshman only arrived at Elland Road last summer and is said to be content under Jesse Marsch, but could yet be tempted by the prospect of working with Conte and returning to top-tier European competition. If those two deals fall into place, Spurs are likely to be in a position to let go of Lucas with Villa waiting at the front of the queue. The 30-year-old has only scored five Premier League goals over the past two campaigns but continues to show tremendous energy out wide, which Villa have sorely lacked in recent weeks. He also netted the famous hat-trick that downed Ajax en route to the Champions League final with Tottenham in 2019, which made him a cult hero in north London. "It’s possible we’ll be doing more," said Gerrard this week. "There are one or two things that we’re analysing. As I’ve said in previous press conferences, if things go our way we could have one or two new faces in. "It’s not as straightforward as people think. We’ll try and do our best, and I know people are working hard in the background to try and support me in those areas. We’ve spoken before about the blow from [Diego] Carlos because he was a statement signing who was going to come in and help us. Missing him has certainly been felt in the last few games."