Zoe Sullivan, 44, and husband Ben, 47, already had big bills thanks to their enormous brood. The couple have twelve children in total, with the eldest aged seventeen, and their youngest a mere four months old. Now, RAF serviceman Ben is winding down a 27-year career, meaning they will soon be faced with having to get a mortgage and moving out of military quarters. Zoe shared that the family's energy bills have already increased from £240 a month to £400, despite not using the central heating during the summer. She also fears bills could increase to £600 a month - which would be unaffordable for the family - and said the prospect of using blankets this winter rather than central heating was scary. The family also have two seven-seater cars, so have also been hit by rocketing petrol prices in the last few months. Futhermore, the family have not had a holiday in years. However, they do live near two beaches in Lossiemouth, Moray, so often go for walks and make do with day trips. They had hoped to be able to take the children away, but savings are now being spent on groceries and bills. Speaking about the situation, Zoe said she shops at Tesco, Adli, Asda, Home Bargains and B&M to find deals, often in the evenings when items are discounted. Her savvy shopping means she spends £320 a week on groceries, which works out at around £21 per person on food.  Stay-at-home mum Zoe said: "We have lived in our house nearly ten years, we used to pay around £200 to £250 a month, there's no way we could afford to pay £600 or £700. It is really scary, there doesn't seem to be any help for people. There's no way we can meet these costs, what we would have put into savings is now going into food and bills. "I have a budget of £320 a week for everything - food, toiletries, that would probably cover the shopping, some of the kids have lunches at school. I always shop around to get the cheapest things I can. We have four teenage girls so that's stuff like their face washes, but we could get through £6 of fruit a day. "Fruit and things like that are really expensive, when you find blueberries are £3 and then become £3.50, it's a big price increase. "I'm at home all day with the little ones, it gets cold in winter in the north of Scotland. We are thinking 'are we going to have to go around in blankets'. There isn't any more money to pay any more bills." The family said they are struggling despite very few luxuries. In fact, in a bid to help with the family's finances, their eldest child - Elisabeth, 17 - now also has a job.     The few luxuries the family have kept include making sure daughter Florence gets own-brand nappies, and Agnes, five, has a milk allergy which requires a more specialist diet. The couple also send six girls to dance lessons, while their oldest son plays football. They also have a cat which costs around a fiver a week. The couple have previously resorted to putting groceries on a credit card but hope to be able to avoid that. However, they may not have a choice. Explaining the situation, Zoe added that the family have other costs that they cannot avoid. For example, it is impossible to avoid using a water heater which runs on gas. "How much deficit are we going to get into if next year it's £6,000 or £7,000?" Zoe asked. "I don't think it was as bad in the 70s. It's all very frightening. "The kids have never been abroad, I think we always thought 'one day', but the money is being spent on just living. We have got a big garden and we're close to two beaches, rather than going on holiday we have family time. "Six of the girls do dance lessons and our older boy does football, they are their passions, we don't want to take that away."   