Prince Harry has filed a second lawsuit against the Home Office over the decision not to allow him to pay for police protection during visits to the UK. The Prince has claimed that, without police protection, he and his family cannot safely visit the country and have, therefore, been forced to miss several prestigious royal events. The unexpected move is expected to further raise tensions as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been at the centre of unprecedented controversy since their decision to step down from royal duties in 2020. Royal commentators have suggested the couple should have avoided further legal pursuits as their previous lawsuits have brought “more harm than good.”    Speaking on the Royally Us podcast, royal expert Christine Ross said: “We thought maybe they were learning that these lawsuits can often bring more harm than good, so I’m surprised to see another one. “I would hope that this one would have enough meat behind it to generate a positive outcome for him. “Otherwise, If we keep seeing all these lawsuits that just keep digging up stories, creating news headlines, creating more drama and they lose - then it’s just all for nothing.”    During their time in America, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are protected by a team of personally funded private security agents. When visiting the UK, Prince Harry has suggested his US team would not have sufficient access to intelligence information and would, therefore, not be able to offer a suitable level of security. His tax-payer funded security within the UK was stripped after he and his wife made the decision to step back from royal life and move abroad in 2020 The latest legal challenge disputes the Government’s decision not to allow Prince Harry to pay for police protection during visits to the UK. Read more: Meghan Markle and Harry's home 'reflects their personalities'   The second lawsuit has been filed against the Home Office and the Metropolitan Police. The Government has opposed Prince Harry’s suggestion of paying for police security as the highly-skilled team of Scotland Yard agents that would be required should not be seen as available for hire. The Scotland Yard officers would have appropriate access to UK intelligence information which has been the crux of the Sussexes’ security dispute. Government authorities have outlined that Scotland Yard security protection should not be viewed as a commodity that is available for purchase by those you can afford it. Don't miss: Prince Harry warned Oprah-style memoir to backfire 'Not way to go!' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry sent dire warning over new bombshell book [REPORT]Prince Harry tipped for return in UK within years 'in a new role' [REVEAL] In her interview with Oprah Winfrey, the Duchess of Sussex explained how she had spoken with the Royal Family in an effort to prevent reductions in the UK security measures, suggesting the lawsuits have emerged from a long-term debate over security precautions. Richard Aitch, director of operations for Mobius security said: “It’s vitally important that Prince Harry receives the right and proper protection.” He added: “You can’t expect a poorly trained private security industry to provide anywhere near the same level of protection as the Government.” The couple has asserted that their public profiles have not changed despite their step back from royal life and they should therefore be afforded the same security measures they were able to access during their time in the firm. Read next: Meghan Markle latest: Did the Queen really stop Meghan acting?Royal crisis: Meghan and Harry could 'pull down whole house'Prince Charles recalled the moment he first set eyes on DianaPrince William's brutal assessment of Harry's 'erratic' behaviourMeghan Markle and Harry's 'long-term game plan' exposed by expert