Manchester City’s ability to overturn a two-goal deficit could leave Premier League rivals Liverpool, Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham with no chance in the title race. The current champions have been two goals down in four of their last six league games but overturned the deficit to extrapolate at least a draw from all of them. The pattern was once again on display during the Citizens' 4-2 victory at home to Crystal Palace this weekend. The visitors, who have been something of a bogey team for the Sky Blues in recent years, raced into a two-goal lead courtesy of John Stones' own goal and a Joachim Anderson header. However, Pep Guardiola’s men rallied to overcome their London rivals with Bernardo Silva opening the scoring before Erling Haaland stole the headlines with a hat trick. It was the second time in two weeks that the club had come back from two goals down overturning a 3-1 deficit to draw against Newcastle at St James’ Park. City overcame similar adversity towards the end of last season, needing to come back from two goals down against both West Ham and Aston Villa to claim the four points they needed to claim the Premier League crown. The win against Villa was particularly important with three goals in the space of five minutes sparking wild scenes at the Etihad as they sealed the title in dramatic fashion. READ MORE: 'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to caution The team’s constant record of recovering losing positions will leave the likes of Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea wondering just how they can overcome the league’s dominant force. Guardiola was keen to highlight the impact new striker Haaland had in inspiring his teammates to overcome the deficit. The £60million man has been on fire since his move from Borussia Dortmund in the summer scoring six times in four matches. “I saw his body language at 2-0 down and how he encouraged his team-mates,” the Spaniard said.“For the first goal. I have a feeling that if he is not involved in the game, he is always there. He never runs away from the game. “As a striker he is incredible. He cannot touch the ball, but he is always involved. The quality for the first goal, the cross is good, and the second, he is there. DON'T MISS...'Things change' Jurgen Klopp uses Liverpool programme notes to cautionLiverpool have 'two-man shortlist' including ace recommended to UnitedLiverpool might find fix to midfield problems in 'next Luka Modric' “He does not shoot the ball, he places it in the net. I would say the number of goals he has scored is astonishing.” City will continue their campaign on Wednesday when they play Premier League new boys Nottingham Forest in Manchester. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here