Thursday, August 4, marks national Cycle to Work Day as workers are encouraged to cycle their commute. Workers are urged to recognise the health and environmental benefits of cycling to the office. Cycling in the UK has surged by almost 200 percent on weekends since Covid lockdowns. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £160 from today for straying into cycle lanes Earlier last month, the Government announced the second cycling and walking investment strategy. The aim is to ensure at least 50 percent of journeys in towns and cities are walked or cycled by 2030. Some £35million has been invested in the National Cycle Network and a new £8million e-cycle programme was launched in May. In 2020, across Great Britain, 141 pedal cyclists were killed, while a further 4,215 were reported to be seriously injured and 1,938 slightly injured, according to the Department of Transport. Cyclist fatalities rose by 41 percent while cycling traffic increased by 46 percent. Transport for London recommends cycle lanes are 2.2 metres wide on each side and research in 2020 found a sixth of London’s roads are wide enough to accommodate suitable cycle lanes. Dr Ashley Dhanani, of The Bartlett School of Architecture at UCL, said at the time: “Many Londoners want to cycle to avoid using public transport but are concerned about their safety when cycling on main roads. “This new analysis shows there is plenty of space to create cycle lanes on key routes across the city.” He added: “Long, continuous lanes along key routes to key employment centres are essential to support the large numbers of people who are likely to want to cycle to work.” DON'T MISS: Driver ordered to pay £1,100 and given points for overtaking cyclist too closely [REPORT]Eye-watering fuel prices see desperate Britons making peculiar changes [LATEST]Driver refusing to pay £50 fine for parking over bay markings [READ MORE] The research found this would increase cycle routes on London’s streets from just two percent to 16 percent. Researcher Nicolas Palominos said: "London has a real opportunity to create a comprehensive cycling network. “This would both make cycling convenient and attractive and achieve concrete progress in promoting sustainable urban mobility.” So what do YOU think? Have cycle lanes contributed to road safety? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.