Over the past two weeks, Strictly Come Dancing bosses have slowly been revealing which celebrities are in the 2022 line-up. Some of the names include singer Matt Goss and Coronation Street actors, Will Mellor and Kym Marsh. However, on Saturday fans were thrilled to find out that Helen Skelton was added to the BBC line-up.  Speaking about joining the show, Helen said: “I’m really excited to get stuck into a fun adventure. "My family and friends have always loved the show and can’t wait for me to get started.” Earlier this week, rumours had circulated that the Countryfile host was taking part on Strictly, however, nothing had been confirmed. Although, since the announcement was made official, fans have expressed their joy over Helen's addition to the line-up. READ MORE: Shetland star addresses filming 'tricky' scenes with Douglas Henshall Lizzi Shaw tweeted: "Brilliant line up this year. Good luck Helen!" "I'm so happy," Laura replied as Luke joked: "Would never have guessed it." Mike P added: "Awesome Helen, the challenge is on eh." (sic) "Potential winner right there. Helen Skelton is fearless," Sean went on to predict.  Throughout the week, BBC bosses have been surprising fans with announcements across all radio stations and TV channels. On Friday's Good Morning Britain, Richard Arnold appeared via video link from Albert Square, as he shared the news that James Bye would be featuring on Strictly. James, who plays the iconic Martin Fowler in the hit BBC soap, said he couldn't believe it was "actually happening". "I've known for a long time, which has obviously been really hard to keep that secret," the soap star explained. DON'T MISS...This Morning uproar as Matthew Wright slammed for 'blaming' women [REACTION]Emmerdale's Cain Dingle star 'saddened' by colleague's exit [VIDEO]Shetland's Tosh star ‘bereft’ over Douglas Henshall’s exit [INSIGHT] "So, I'm so pleased that now it's finally out...I can talk about it, I can tell people that I've lied to... so apologies if you're one of those that I've lied to. "But yeah, it's been a while so I've had quite a lot of time to get my head around it." James went on to admit that he was feeling a bit "nervous", but that his partner was being "super supportive". "We talked it all through and it's a decision we made together and I think she can be part of the team," he continued.    James added: "I think she can teach me more than the dancers, to be honest, she knows what she's doing." Helen won't be the only Countryfile presenter taking to the dancefloor this year, as her co-star Hamza Yassin will also be taking part. The other big names competing for the Glitterball Trophy in this year's competition are comedian Jayde Adams, Loose Women's Kaye Adams and X Factor star Fleur East. Tyler West, Molly Rainford and Richie Anderson have also been added to the line-up. Strictly Come Dancing airs in September on BB One. 