Partnered with Fair For You, Iceland’s Food Club is offering micro-loans to families who are looking to avoid food poverty in the coming months. These loans are interest-free and the amounts available vary from £25 to £100 depending on the household. It is designed to assist people in better managing their finances during the cost of living crisis which has been exacerbated due to soaring inflation. Anyone can apply for Iceland’s loan scheme which is now readily available for people to apply for. If applicants are successful, credit will be loaded onto a card which can be used in any store or online. This follows a successful trial regional scheme with the supermarket chain opting to make it nationwide. During this interim period, customers paid interest on loans, however Iceland has made the decision to make them interest-free across the country. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Cash-strapped households will be able to claim an extra £100 which can be spent on their food bill. This can be paid back at a later date without families worrying about how much interest has been attached to the loan. Research carried out by Kantar found that food bills in the UK have risen by 11.6 percent, which is the highest level since 2008. As a result, families are paying an additional £533 a year on average with inflation looking set to rise for the foreseeable future.  The scheme offers up to £100, so households will hopefully be able to claim short-term relief from these price hikes. How to claim Those interested in applying for the Iceland interest-free loan scheme can do so via the Fair for You website. Currently, inflation in the UK is at 9.4 percent and experts are warning it will exceed 13 percent in the coming months. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments Simon Dukes, the CEO of Fair for You, shared why the loan scheme will be important for households across the country. Mr Dukes explained: “Nobody should have to go hungry in order to feed their kids, or be forced into making impossible decisions between putting food on the table or having hot water. “Our mission at Fair for You is to provide affordable credit to those who need it, to ensure they are not ripped off by exploitative lenders. “Now that it has launched nationally, it gives plenty more families the opportunity to get the groceries they want, improve their diet and enjoy family meals together, while also getting a better handle on their finances." Richard Walker, the managing director of Iceland Foods, outlined why the supermarket has decided to partner with Fair for You on this initiative. Mr Walker added: “We have rolled out Iceland Food Club to offer our customers even more support, helping them manage essential spending on their own terms. “To those striving to worry less about how they will afford essential goods, this ethical credit scheme delivers real help when most needed. "I believe it will make a valuable contribution to breaking the cycle of food poverty in this country.” This latest support programme is being supported by HM Treasury to address the continuing cost of living crisis.  