Everton may get exactly what they want if they allow Anthony Gordon to join Chelsea for £43million this summer. The sale would give them the opportunity to sign a new striker and have change left over for a second one, as well as further reinforcements in other areas of the pitch. The Toffees are already under pressure after just two games of the new Premier League campaign after failing to pick-up a single point following losses to Chelsea and Aston Villa. According to the Evening Standard, Chelsea have made a £43m bid for Gordon. And Everton could be ready to accept the offer and reinvest the funds into their squad. Toffees boss Frank Lampard has been forced to line-up without a recognised striker this season, with talisman Dominic Calvert-Lewin absent with a knee injury and Salomon Rondon only entering the fray as a substitute against Villa at the weekend after missing the opener due to a suspension. Gordon has led the line for his side in their first two matches, despite the fact he’s a winger. But he hasn’t been able to make the impact Lampard would have been looking for, with the Toffees finding the back of the net just once this term courtesy of a Lucas Digne own goal last time out. READ MORE: PSG 'have Mbappe plan' for Rashford which may have big impact on Messi   Gordon, who is still only 21, has been touted for a big future in the game. But if Everton can’t find a goalscorer quickly, they could be in for another relegation dogfight this season. So Lampard might persuade club bosses to take the cash to splash elsewhere. The Merseysiders have reportedly put Southampton striker Che Adams at the top of their wish list and are ramping up their efforts to get him. The 26-year-old scored seven goals in 30 Premier League appearances last season and played the full 90 minutes as the Saints drew 2-2 with Leeds on Saturday. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already    Everton are also reportedly keen to get their hands on Villarreal forward Nicolas Jackson, who got his name on the scoresheet for his current team at the weekend as they thrashed Real Valladolid 3-0 in their La Liga opener. The 21-year-old made a handful of appearances for the Spanish side last season but has been thrust into Unai Emery’s team this time around. Everton have already spent the £50m they got for Richarlison on Amadou Onana and Dwight McNeil and Lampard appears to be working on a shoestring budget when it comes to signing more players. So the ex-Chelsea midfielder could be desperate for the Gordon money in order to get busy in the transfer market before the summer window closes at the start of next month. 