Attendance Allowance is paid to millions of people who have reached state pension age to help them pay for additional support. However, state pensioners in Scotland are being reminded that it will soon be replaced by the Pension Age Disability Payment. A new style benefit - Pension Age Disability Payment - is due to replace Attendance Allowance for 124,192 claimants in Scotland. People receiving the financial support in England and Wales will not be affected and will continue to receive regular payments from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). The new Pension Age Disability Payment will support older people who have a disability or health condition that requires supervision to keep them safe. However, they don’t need to have a full time carer to apply for the benefit which is worth up to 92 a week. READ MORE: 'Don't miss out!' Britons urged to check £20 & £50 notes Social Security Scotland will be responsible for the rollout of the Pension Age Disability Payment which should be completed by 2025. Scottish claimants who currently receive Attendance Allowance will be transferred to the new benefit in phases. Existing claimants won’t need to do anything and there shouldn’t be any disruption to payments. The good news is the new benefit will not require people to undergo a face-to-face assessment. DON'T MISSBank offers market-leading interest rate of 3.2% on savings [UPDATE]Thousands of homeowners to have nearly £900 wiped from bank account [WARNING]Pensioners have one week left to qualify for vital boost worth £650 [ALERT]Britons are paying a record amount in taxes to HMRC - ways to pay less [INSIGHT] This should make the application process much simpler, which should be welcomed by readers who have been complaining to Express.co.uk that the process for claiming Attendance Allowance is over-complicated. On the Mygov.scot website it states: "We are making the application process as simple and easy as possible to encourage and support people to apply for the payments they are entitled to. "The application process for disability assistance will be inclusive, accessible, provided in a range of formats and available through a range of routes (online, phone, post and in-person). “We are making a number of improvements to the application form to include clear guidance on how the eligibility criteria is applied.” READ MORE: WASPI women won’t get compensation if Liz Truss becomes next PM   5 One Express.co.uk reader, 66-year-old Eileen Riley said she has worked hard all her life only to be told she isn’t yet eligible. She said: “I haven't been able to work since May. “I got a letter from my consultant, stating a full hip replacement ss what's needed. “I've always worked, never claimed benefits and I'm pension age yet I can't claim PIP because I'm 66. “Something isn't right - other people like me need this money.” Some 3.4 million people are missing out on Attendance Allowance which could provide vital support through the cost of living crisis. People should apply for Attendance Allowance if they have problems washing, bathing, getting around, eating or taking medication. When filling out the form they should remember to write about the help they need and don't expect the person making the decision to know about their condition. Another simple tip is to explain if certain tasks take longer and don’t be afraid to repeat information if it’s relevant to more than one question.