Manchester United could be about to ‘devastate’ Ruud van Nistelrooy by signing Cody Gakpo from PSV Eindhoven, according to reports. Erik ten Hag wants a new forward to arrive at Old Trafford by the time the summer transfer window shuts on August 1. And though Antony and Benjamin Sesko have been linked, Gakpo now also seems to be on their radar. Manchester United have seen Edinson Cavani leave the club this summer, with the Uruguay international choosing to pursue a new challenge after two years at Old Trafford. Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection, having last featured in January, while Cristiano Ronaldo’s long-term future at the club is also up in the air. United, therefore, want to bring in a new forward as they look to hit the ground running under Erik ten Hag. And The Mirror say Van Nistelrooy would be ‘devastated’ to lose Gakpo, who is now on his old side’s radar. Ajax star Antony has previously been the club’s preferred target, having scored eight goals and registered 12 assists as the Eredivisie giants won the league title under Ten Hag last term. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative But with the Dutch side demanding £80million for their prized asset, Gakpo is now on the Red Devils’ radar. It’s claimed he’d cost around half the price at £40m, but Arsenal and Leeds have also registered an interest in the 23-year-old. PSV, however, have criteria when it comes to any potential deal. They will reportedly only listen to offers for Gakpo once their Champions League fate has been decided, with Van Nistelrooy hoping to steer them into the competition. PSV will face off against Monaco on Tuesday night in the second leg of their third-round play-off tie, having drawn the first fixture 1-1. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join If they go through, they will lock horns with either Rangers or Belgian side Union SG for a place in the group stages. PSV, should they be successful in that goal, would then bank £60m for qualifying - which will be a major boost for Van Nistelrooy as he looks to win the Eredivisie title. The former United striker has been helping Gakpo develop at the club, having worked with him at youth level prior to becoming first-team boss. And the Netherlands international’s stats of 21 goals across all competitions last term suggests he’d be an exciting acquisition over at Old Trafford. Ten Hag and Gakpo are both represented by SEG. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And that’s another factor that could work in United’s favour as they look to bolster their frontline before the transfer window slams shut. Gakpo has previously indicated he’d be open to a move to the Premier League, having confessed: “Those years where Manchester United were superior to anyone in England and in Europe, I found so impressive. “But there are so many great games in England. Look at Liverpool, look at Man City. “They are all bulging with talent and quality players. When they make a substitution the player coming on is sometimes better than the one who goes off. That is how much quality they have in their squads.” And he’s also hailed Van Nistelrooy, insisting the United legend has been a ‘great coach for me’. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Ruud van Nistelrooy has been a great coach for me,” he added. “He has been teaching me with his experience from his years at United and Real Madrid. “There are lots of details for a striker, like the positioning, where to make your runs - and it has paid off. “I really don’t want to compare myself with Van Persie. I can only dream of my career heading the same way as his. “And I can only hope that I can play for a great club once I go abroad. I know I will have to work really hard to achieve it.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here