The controversial site, a Negotiated Stopping Point (NSP) which can hold 13 caravans and vehicles, has been paid for by local taxpayers. Formerly a two-acre landfill site in Gorsebrook Road, Wolverhampton City Council developed the area into a transit site for illegal travellers to use. The site comes fully equipped with laundry and washing facilities, perimeter fencing surrounding the area as well as CCTV monitoring, and was designed to temporarily house travellers after they had been booted out of illegal camps. Council leaders across the UK argue that the transit sites provide long-term savings for taxpayer money, as they dramatically reduce clean up costs. In this instance, Wolverhampton council claimed clean up costs would have been around £300,000 per year, were it not for the Gorsebrook Road NSP. Travellers staying at the site are permitted to stay for up to 14 days at a cost of £100 per week, plus a £250 deposit. Once they leave it, they are not permitted to return to the city for 12 months. But despite being open since last September, not a single person has used the site. Residents have accused the council of “going soft” on travellers, after another group set up in a park three miles away from the site last month. Mick Elson, 55, from Wolverhampton, said: “It's an absolute joke. Not only does the council spent nearly £1 million of our money on a site to help illegal travellers, no one even uses it. “Your average illegal traveller isn't exactly going to be willing to cough up hundreds of pounds when there's a park down the road where they can pitch up for free. Yet again the council have gone soft on travellers who invade our parks and open spaces at the expense of law-abiding citizens. It's disgusting.” READ MORE: British mother dies on plane in front of children [REVEAL] Mum-of-three Debra Craig, 40, added: “Building a site where you are asking travellers to pay hundreds of pounds was always a crackers idea to me. The fact the site hasn't even been used just makes the council look like a laughing stock. “The people who illegally set up camps shouldn't be given help to plan their next illegal move, they should be prosecuted.” Councillor Steve Evans, Wolverhampton Council's environment chief, said that they took illegal travellers “very seriously”, and while the NSP had yet to be used, it was available as “an option to deter unauthorised encampments.” He said: “The creation of our NSP in Gorsebrook Road gives members of those encampments a choice when they come to the city. DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson misled Parliament claims ex-staff [REVEAL]Devon cliff dramatically COLLAPSES into beach below [ANALYSIS]Outrage at new packaging introduced on ASDA food products [INSIGHT] “While it has not yet been used, it is an option we have to deter unauthorised encampments. Should anyone coming into the city choose not to stay at the NSP and instead decide to set up an unauthorised encampment, then council officers will take the appropriate actions.” Conservative councillor Wendy Thompson added: “This site was not wanted by the local community and it does not seem to be wanted by the travelling community either. It cost an awful lot and looks like a total waste of money.' Another transit site in neighbouring town Smethwick opened in 2017 and cost £200,000, but has been used just once in the past year for a total of 12 days.