Traffic jams have reached five kilometres on the motorway between France and Spain after a fire broke out in Gironde and Landes. 5,000 hectares burned in a single night in the area. For the second day, the French authorities have closed the border of Irun to the passage of heavy vehicles due to a large fire in the north of the Landes department, which affects the A-63 motorway. The Basque Department of Security has warned that they have received a warning from the French authorities that no lorries will be able to enter France via Biriatou, the border crossing that links Spain and France by motorway. The fire forced the evacuation of 10,000 residents who had clambered onto rooftops as the flames got closer. Black-and-orange skies, darkened by the smoke billowing from forests and lit up by the flames, were seen across the area as the fires continued to burn out of control despite the efforts of firefighters backed by water-bombing aircraft. France, like the rest of Europe, has been struggling this summer with successive heatwaves and its worst drought on record. Dozens of wildfires are ablaze across the country, including at least eight major ones. "Prepare your papers, the animals you can take with you, some belongings," the Gironde municipality of Belin-Beliet said on Facebook before evacuating parts of the town. In the nearby village of Hostens, police had earlier been door to door telling residents to leave as the fire advanced. Firefighters said more evacuations were likely. Even so, some Hostens residents were reluctant to abandon their homes. "It's complicated to go with the dogs and we cannot leave them here," said Allisson Horan, 18, who stayed behind with her father. READ MORE: Russia EXODUS: Economy crisis over 170,000 vital missing workers "I'm getting worried because the fire is in a plot of land behind ours and the wind is starting to change direction." Numerous small roads and a highway were closed. More than 57,200 hectares have gone up in flames so far in France this year, nearly six times the full-year average for 2006-2021, data from the European Forest Fire Information System shows. "The fire is creating its own wind," senior local official Martin Guespereau told reporters, adding that efforts to fight it were made more difficult by how unpredictable it was. DON'T MISS:War with Russia will be over when Putin leaves Crimea, says Zelensky [INSIGHT]Russian airbase in Crimea suffers 'extensive damage' [VIDEO]Australia pulls back over Chinese ambassador’s ‘concerning’ language [ANALYSIS] Sweden and Italy are among countries preparing to send help to France, Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin said. He repeated calls for everyone to be responsible - nine out of 10 fires are either voluntarily or involuntarily caused by people, he said. The Gironde wildfire is one of many that have broken out across Europe this summer, triggered by heatwaves that have baked the continent and brought record temperatures. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega