Contingency plans must be in place to ensure Britain is not plunged into darkness during the harshest months of the year. It is, of course, right that hospitals have been instructed to ensure "generators are properly serviced" and "diesel tanks full". But much greater safeguards are needed against the hardship and humiliation that blackouts would entail. The UK had stunning success at securing life-saving vaccines during the pandemic. Now we need to show similar ambition in securing power supplies for the coming cold season. Norway has announced new rules to limit the sale of its power to other countries. This is no time for complacency, and it is yet another reminder that Britain needs a dependable energy supply that does not leave our country dependent on the whims of foreign powers. As we swelter in this exceptionally warm August we must remember that freezing weather can kill. There is already widespread worry about the cost of energy; a supply crisis would unleash new waves of anxiety and send out an appalling message about the state of Britain. There must be no deficit of political will in addressing this threat. The nation needs leaders who have the energy and the vision to exercise power and deliver solutions.  Britain must abandon the culture of suffering in silence that means people with mental health challenges do not get help that could transform their lives. More than one in five adults is now affected by depression. It is thought one in six children also face difficulties. Keeping a stiff upper lip will not unlock the help that so many of us need in post-pandemic Britain. These are stressful days, and the trauma of Covid-19, the lockdowns and the loneliness has left a terrible legacy. Awareness is growing of the deep anguish that depression causes, but there remains much work to be done to bring relief to those who long for release from this scourge. The next prime minister must make tackling this challenge a priority.  The family and friends of NHS worker Maxine Lloyd will have punched the air with delight when she got the all-clear from her breast cancer treatment - but it is also tremendous to learn she has won a £1million Lottery jackpot. With multiple causes for celebration and new opportunities for adventure, we are delighted for her. We wish her health and happiness for many years to come. 