  BBC presenter Alex Scott jokingly suggested she had a “new man in her life” in view of her 1.7 million Instagram followers yesterday. In fact, The One Show star was actually referring to a particularly cuddly pet pooch.      Alex, 37, took to her Instagram story to update her fans on her “new man”. “Guys, I just want to let you all know…” the presenter began with a cheeky smile, before pausing dramatically. “That there’s a new man in my life,” she continued with a laugh. “Shall I introduce you to him?” Alex asked innocently. READ MORE: Olivia Newton-John dead: Grease actress dies aged 73    “Come on then,” she continued, before panning the camera away to reveal the mystery man. Some wheezing could be heard in the background as the camera moved past a large Pudsey bear cushion. Then, it was revealed that a snoring puppy was sitting curled up and sleeping on Alex’s lap. Panning the camera back towards her, Alex grinned again, commenting: “He’s a snorer, nobody wants that!”      In the next clip, the BBC star made an admission that the adorable pet didn’t actually belong to her. The video showed the dog sitting up in bed and watching musicians play on the TV. “He’s enjoying the performance, look!” Alex remarked. Then, in the caption she wrote: “Ok confession…  READ MORE... John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [ARCHIVE] Ian Hislop on time apart from wife Victoria 'Lives in Greece!' [INSIGHT] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [NEWS]      “He’s not mine, dog sitting for my neighbour, but how bloody cute please.” (sic) Alex has always kept her dating life under wraps, preferring to keep her relationships out of the spotlight The ex-England and Arsenal full back might be pressed for time when it comes to her love life, given the many presenting roles she juggles on the BBC, including shows like Football Focus. However, she did admit to dating Coronation Street star Sam Robertson, after the pair were spotted having dinner together in a Soho restaurant three years ago.       The star went on to tell Fabulous magazine: “I never seem to have a lot of luck on dates. “My one date in ages was going out with Sam [Robertson], who is lovely.” The presenter also revealed on The One Show in February this year that she is indeed single.   