This latest prediction from Cornwall Insights comes amid the announcement of their final energy price cap forecast for this coming October. Later this week (August 26), the UK’s energy regulator Ofgem will confirm by how much the price cap has risen. While Cornwall Insight’s forecast has fallen slightly for October, the firm’s price cap prediction for April 2023 estimates energy bills for the average household will exceed £5,300. The price cap is projected to hit £5,341.08 per year in 2023, according to Cornwall Insight’s newest estimates. In comparison, last week's forecast from the firm predicted bills would reach around £4,427 a year. Energy bills are expected to remain extremely high throughout 2023, before coming down later in the year. Current forecasts suggest that the energy price cap will be £4,767 in July and £4,807 in October. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out As it stands, the latest projection suggests that the price cap will hit £3,553 for the average household. This represents a slight drop from the original prediction made by Cornwall Insights of £3,583. While the firm noted that estimates for October have remained “largely steady” recently, a 15 percent hike in wholesale prices in the gas and electricity market has changed forecasts. On top of this, the prediction for January 2023’s price cap has risen to be £4,649.72 per year for Britons, according to Cornwall Insights. Dr Craig Lowrey, the firm’s principal consultant, warned that the latest forecasts were “truly concerning”. On the coming increase in energy bills, he explained: “It is difficult to see how many will cope with the coming winter". “The energy crisis is not something which can be solved with hastily pulled together, short-term policies that yield a percentage decrease here or a few months' relief there. “Although such policies may help to solve today's problems, they risk sticking plasters for a much deeper and longer-term problem.” READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments The energy expert noted that the energy price cap is “not protecting” households from bill rises being imposed by external pressures on the gas and electricity market. Dr Lowrey added: “The energy market remains an incredibly volatile place, while the observation window for October’s cap has closed, and our predictions for the last quarter of 2022 are final, 2023 is a different story. “Forecasts can, and will, rise and fall by hundreds of pounds over the coming months, as market conditions continue to change. “However, one thing is certain, the cap is not protecting – nor will it protect – consumers from these high prices.” Experts are calling for more to be done to support struggling households and are sharing what support is available to those most in need. Myles Robinson, an energy expert at Boiler Central, said: “The news regarding the energy price cap along with these major profits is a huge blow to the country. “Unless something substantial is done about unmanageable household bills, we will see many more families being pushed into fuel poverty this year. An energy package of support is needed now more than ever. “Some energy suppliers offer hardship funds if you are living in fuel poverty. So, if you are struggling, it is worth checking if your supplier offers some type of support.”