Forecasters have warned Britons to prepare for another heatwave, with highs of 35C expected over the next week. This heatwave is set to last longer than July’s record-breaking hot spell, although it won’t reach the 40C highs seen last month. The Met Office is warning people not to have barbecues in dry conditions over fears of fires spreading, as seen across London in July. It also advises drivers to take water with them to keep hydrated throughout the day. People are also recommended to stay out of the sun between 11am and 3pm, when the UV rays are the strongest. One of the strongest suggestions from the Met Office warns: “Never leave anyone in a closed, parked vehicle, especially infants, young children or animals.” READ MORE: Drivers slam 'draconian' rural speed limit cuts from 60mph to 20mph If people do need to be on the roads during the heatwave, they must be sure they are not wearing clothes which could affect their ability to drive. Rule 97 of the Highway Code states: “You should ensure that clothing and footwear do not prevent you using the controls in the correct manner.” This also applies to the driver’s choice of footwear. Drivers face on-the-spot fines of £100 as well as three penalty points for wearing clothing which could restrict proper driving. DON'T MISSUK drivers warned of major fines for petrol and diesel cars in France [WARNING]August driving law changes: British motorists warned of new rules [IMPORTANT]French driving laws spark fierce debate over petrol and diesel rules [SHOCKING] These fines can be upgraded to £5,000 in addition to nine penalty points and, if taken to court, motorists could face a driving ban. Maxi or summer dresses could get caught underneath the pedals, which could potentially affect the driver’s ability to brake and accelerate. Baggy jeans could also lead to drivers being in hot water. The extra material of the trousers may become trapped underneath the pedal, similar to the maxi dress. Graham Conway, Managing Director at Select Car Leasing, urged drivers to think about their clothing before setting off. He said: “Whilst it may seem like an obvious one, travelling in thick clothing when it is too hot will make you feel uncomfortable and agitated behind the wheel. “Wearing light clothing with natural fibres will help you feel cooler for longer, particularly during long journeys. “Loose clothing will also help with comfort, as being comfortable is important during long journeys. “However, for those who have leather seats, be careful if you are wearing shorts not to burn your skin. “Due to this, it may be worth sitting on a towel or blanket.” Any clothing issues could also affect a driver’s insurance prices, with premiums increasing dramatically if they are involved in an accident. Shoes can also be problematic, especially flip flops, high heels and slippers. They could slip off and fall underneath the pedals and distract drivers from paying attention to the road.