Weeds take both nutrients and water from the lawn, so it is important to remove them quickly. However, removing them without care can cause damage to the rest of the lawn. Lawn Care Expert and Managing Director of TotalLawn, Carlos Real, has shared three effective methods to remove weeds for good. The expert explained: “When it comes to killing weeds, often we turn to chemically enhanced weed killers and while they are great for eradicating the problem, they often attack our healthy grass as well as the weeds. “There are a couple of home remedies that you could try before bringing in the big guns.” Carlos said: “Simple but effective, yanking weeds up by the route is the most common way to remove them from your lawn.” When it comes to removing them by hand, gardeners must be persistent and p ay continued attention to remove any weeds as soon as possible. READ MORE: Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items According to the lawn expert, later down the line, weeds will “disappear” with this method. He added: “This is good if you don’t have many to remove, but if you have a large garden with plenty of weeds, it can turn into a time-consuming task.” Carlos said: “While it’s a bit unusual and may seem like a waste of perfectly good alcohol, clear spirits are a common kitchen cupboard item that can help remove weeds from your lawn. “Dilute your tipple of choice, we’d recommend vodka or gin, with water and spray it onto the problem area. “This is the best option in the summer, as the combination of sunlight and vodka can leave your weeds thirsty and dehydrated, they will die.” DON'T MISS:5 ‘paramount’ jobs to guarantee a ‘beautiful’ lawn this autumn [EXPERT]5 common laundry ‘mistakes’ to avoid when washing bedding [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ DIY methods to get rid of garden weeds [EXPLAINER] Not much alcohol is required for this tip, a shot of the alcohol mixed with water should work effectively. For gardeners wanting a “quick fix” when removing weeds without wrecking the lawn, Carlos recommended using herbicides. He explained: “It’s best to do your research though, as even though they are designed to target specific plants, purchasing the wrong one could damage your lawn without killing the weeds. “We’d recommend identifying the type of weed you have and going from there.” READ MORE: 10 ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances ‘busting your budget’ There are hundreds of different weeds which can occur on UK lawns, but the most common include clover, creeping buttercup and dandelions. Although pretty, daisy’s are actually weeds and should be removed as well as creeping thistle, crowfoot and ragwort. Gardeners can recognise creeping thistle by its dark purple flowers with large clumps of spiny leaves. Similarly, ragwort weeds have a cluster of flowers with finely divided leaves. Crowfoot has a stem with a spreading, mat structure, usually with two to seven spikelets at the tip of the stem. Carlos explained: “The main culprits for bringing weeds into your lawn are birds and wind. While it’s nice to see wildlife in our gardens, as birds fly overhead, they often drop seeds or strands of weeds onto our lawns. “Similarly, windy conditions can lead to pieces of weeds or small seeds being blown onto our lawns. As these land on your lawn, they then germinate in your soil, beginning the process of weed growth. “The best preventative method is to keep your lawn healthy and well maintained. While it won’t stop weeds from growing all together, a healthy lawn will be more aggressive when fighting off weeds – grass is very competitive and will overpower weeds all on its own most of the time. “Feeding, aerating, and scarifying your grass will help it to continue to grow healthily, and you can maintain this health by mowing, feeding, and watering it regularly. As soon as you spot a weed, pull it out.”