Neither of the two Princesses - daughters of Prince Andrew, Duke of York - are frontline royals. Beatrice, 33, is Vice President of Partnerships and Strategy at software company Afiniti, while Eugenie, 32, has a directing position at art gallery Hauser and Wirth and also works privately with several charitable organisations, including Children in Crisis and Anti-Slavery International. Jonathan Sacerdoti, who frequently appears on Sky News to discuss Royal affairs, as well as contributing to The Spectator, told Express.co.uk: “I think that's an important symbol of the fact that, in today's age, most people necessarily support the idea of a very large extended family working only as royals. “I think an important part of the Royal Family maintaining its support among the nation is that it's seen to pull its weight.” He explained: “Both in the working Royal Family and for those who are outside it, to pull their weight in a way that that doesn't embarrass the family - that does show their own value to society and their own interest in some level of self-sufficiency and what-have-you. “So I think that that's the case with them. “And I think that they, generally speaking, Beatrice and Eugenie, do seem to keep that balance quite well. Mr Sacerdoti added: “I think they don't tend to put a foot wrong in terms of embarrassing the family. JUST IN: ‘No way back’ Andrew's dream return to royal life in tatters “And yet where they're involved in the family, they seem to act appropriately and respectfully. “And I think in their recent public appearances, we've seen exactly that that they do, do and say the right things and go to the right places and are seen pretty much as they should be.” Eugenie is married to brand ambassador Jack Brooksbank, and gave birth to son August last year. DON'T MISSLady Louise stunned as royal nervously watches Weightlifting contest [PICTURES] Royal Family LIVE: Kate 'mortified' after Meghan's revelations [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be allowed to carry out charity work? [VOTE] She took to Instagram on Sunday to offer an emotional tribute to England’s women’s football team after the Lionesses beat Germany 2-1 to win the European Championship. She posted: "Wow wow wow…you have done us proud. “Thank you for inspiring us. Huge congratulations to the Lionesses!!!" Eugenie and her family are moving out of Frogmore Cottage, formerly the home of cousin Prince Harry, and into Nottingham Cottage. They will also be splitting their time between the UK and Portugal, because Jack needs to be in Europe for his job. As far as Beatrice, married to property developer Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, is concerned, she and her family, including baby daughter Sienna, are yet to move into their £3million house in the Cotswolds because renovations are still taking place. It was reported this week that one of the major changes being the installation of six-foot security gates at the entranceway. The farmhouse which they will move into is also believed to have a swimming pool and tennis courts. The trio are currently living at St James's Palace while the alternations are undertaken.