Outlander’s highly anticipated seventh season is currently in production and is expected to premiere in early 2023. Although Dougal Mackenzie (played by Graham McTavish) is not expected to make a comeback, the star recalled the moment he turned down a role on HBO’s hit Game of Thrones.  Although Graham has been on screens since 1986 he is best known for starring as war chief Dougal Mackenzie on Starz’s romantic drama Outlander. However, the actor won’t reprise his role for the upcoming instalment as his character, Dougal met his death in season two. Even though Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) and Dougal had a complex relationship akin to father and son, Jamie put an end to Dougal’s life. This came after the war chief overheard Jamie and his wife Claire Fraser’s (Caitriona Balfe) plans for the Battle of Culloden. READ MORE: Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain' The couple initially wanted to kill Bonnie Prince Charlie (Andrew Gower) to put a stop to the war and change the course of history. However, Dougal became enraged and attacked the pair. In retaliation, Jamie threw punches and then stabbed Dougal in the throat with his dirk which led to the chief choking to death on his own blood. Following his exit from Outlander, Graham revealed he had turned down a major role on Game of Thrones. Although he missed out on the role, he was happy to be considered for the prequel, House of the Dragon. READ MORE: Virgin River's Grayson Gurnsey pays tribute to star after exit  Recalling a meeting with showrunner Ryan Condal, he stated: “About five years ago, we were having lunch and he told me he was working on a Game Of Thrones prequel and he would love me to be in it. “When it came closer, he said there were two possible characters I could play, but one of them died in episode four, so of course, I went for the other one!” During his interview with the Sunday Post, Graham didn’t identify the character he turned down. However, fans will be looking forward to seeing him in his new role in the Game of Thrones prequel, House of the Dragon, which premieres this week. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Faye speaks out on being 'horrible' to co-star [INSIGHT]Outlander's Sam Heughan shares fears for Jamie Fraser [INSIGHT]Outlander star 'hopeful' for return as Jamie Fraser's friend [INSIGHT]  When the highly anticipated drama lands on screens, fans will see the scope of Graham’s talent as he will portray Ser Harrold Westerling. Harrold is a knight from House Westerling and leads the Kingsguars as Lord Commander under King Viserys I Targaryen (Paddy Considine). The character description reads: “The Commander and longest-serving member of the Kingsguard who still remembers the luster of the storied Seven Knights. READ MORE: 'Not a good lesson' Amanda Owen breaks down after tragic loss at farm  “In the current regime, where widespread peace has led to complacency and indulgence, he feels something of a loss of purpose, but nevertheless serves the King with a fierce, if quiet, loyalty.” House of the Dragon is expected to be a huge success among viewers and critics as it is the on-screen adaptation of George R. R. Martin’s novel Fire & Blood. The series is also set 200 years before Game of Thrones and will explore the beginnings of the Targaryen civil war, which consumed the plot of the original series. As well as Paddy, Graham will star alongside Matt Smith, Emma D’Arcy, Milly Alcock and Eve Best Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK