A Place in the Sun presenter Laura Hamilton seems to have reconciled with former husband Alex Goward, after the pair enjoyed two sunshine breaks together. Despite both confirming that their marriage had ended at the beginning of the year, the pair have been spotted together as a family multiple times since in exotic locations. The 40-year-old is said to have been accompanied by her insurance broker ex, who is a year her senior, to the idyllic Greek holiday location Kefalonia. Meanwhile the pair were also spotted together at La Manga Club in Spain during the May half-term. They have two children together - eight-year-old Rocco and six-year-old Tahlia. As a source has suggested that the pair had an "amicable split", it's possible that the sun-soaked getaway in Spain was a way to allow both kids to spend quality time with their parents together. READ NOW: ‘Not too clever’ Ulrika Jonsson leaves ‘two young guys traumatised' Meanwhile Laura posted on social media this week revealing that she is in Kefalonia for work reasons. She looked radiant and happy in snaps shared on Instagram, and confirmed via individual photos of herself with both her son and her daughter that they are with her too. The star has been filming scenes for A Place in the Sun, where she helps to connect prospective property buyers with their dream homes abroad. Her social media snaps have not included her ex, so she may be looking to keep their reunion quiet for the time being. However Alex has posted photos of himself riding a jet-ski in Kefalonia with son Rocco on the back, at the same time as Laura's own updates have positioned her at the same resort. A source published in the Daily Mail suggested that the pair must have "clearly had an amicable split". "If that wasn't the case, they wouldn't dream of going away together," the source continued. "A spark must still be there between them, but evidently they don't want to make it too public." Laura's reps have been approached for comment. DON'T MISS... A Place In The Sun's Ben Hillman on gruesome holiday injury [UPDATE] Line of Duty's Daniel Mays' 'daunting' encounter with Michael Douglas [INTERVIEW] Repair Shop's Jay Blades admits resenting his father for huge lie [LATEST]  Laura intends to remain at the location for the next two weeks "home and house hunting" for her clients. The smiling star hashtagged her Instagram post "#grateful" as she perched on a balcony for the photo. Nearly 5,000 of her followers hit the 'like' button on her snap, with many declaring her "gorgeous, "sexy" and "fit". It remains to be seen whether her overseas reconciliation with her husband is for any other reason than co-parenting. Meanwhile, her European adventures have also taken her to Barcelona in Spain and Ajaccio in Corsica over the last few days. A week ago, she also posted a photo of herself reclining in an outdoor bath tub, outside a home covered with swathes of bright purple flowers. Revealing that she had headed north to Cinque Terre in Italy, she told the world that she had "found a pretty unique bathroom in a vineyard". Only time will tell whether Alex will join Laura on any further journeys this summer.