 Roger Federer surprised one of his young fans in a touching video after making a “pinky promise” ahead of the US Open five years ago. In a press conference Q&A at the 2017 tournament, one young player asked the 20-time Major champion to promise not to retire before he turned pro so they could play one another and the Swiss star kept his word. In a US Open press conference back in 2017, Izyan Ahmad - known to many as Zizou - chanced his luck by asking Federer to keep on playing until he turned pro so they had a chance to compete, with the former world No 1 “pinky promising” the budding young player. And five years later, he surprised Zizou by setting up a match with the now-top ranked under 12 player in the USA. In a heartwarming video made with Barilla, Zizou can be seen asking Federer his question in a flashback to the US Open five years ago, before he is shown sitting down for a meal with his coach in Zurich in the present day. The John McEnroe Academy student is in shock as he is told one of the waitresses is his biggest fan and wants a selfie, before a crowd of spectators start cheering him on with signs bearing his name. But the biggest surprise comes when Zizou is escorted to a tennis court to meet his surprise opponent, as Federer steps out after watching the earlier scenes through a screen. The budding tennis player covers his face in shock and addresses “Mister Federer” before the 41-year-old tells him to call him Roger. JUST IN: Alcaraz's brutal admission after blowing match point in Montreal loss  “We made a promise, right? We’re going to play,” the 103-time title winner tells America’s No 1 under-12 player. “Oh my god, thank you. I’m so excited,” a starstruck Zizou responds before they hit the court with the young player’s army of fans from before still watching on. Earning some praise from the former world No 1, Federer tells his opponent: “Playing nice Zizou, I like it,” and Zizou continuing to impress as he shows the Swiss star what he can do and hits a tweener. “Too solid, so good. You’re playing great Zizou,” he adds. DON'T MISS Zverev fires double US Open threat to Rafael Nadal with injury wishSerena Williams announcement causes major US Open ticket surgeJack Draper didn't even plan on playing Canadian Open before win   After shaking hands at the net, the pair sit down for some Barilla pasta but the winner of the clash remains a secret as Federer jokes: “I think we’re saved by the pasta.” The 20-time Major champion also had a long chat with his fan when the cameras stopped rolling, after what Zizou has described earlier in the video as “the best day of his life”. The young American could soon become a name in his own right as the current USA No 1 in both singles and doubles in the 12-and-under age division. He trains at the John McEnroe tennis academy at Randall’s Island in New York - the home of the US Open - and is already part of USTA National player development program. 