Eddie Hearn revealed that David Haye vs Audley Harrison made him want to retire from boxing. The Matchroom Boxing promoter got his big break in the sport when he met Harrison at a poker table in Las Vegas in 2009. At the time, the Olympic gold-medallist was 23-4 and had failed to meet the lofty expectations set for him after his glistening amateur career. Hearn and Harrison struck up a deal to get the Brit a world title shot and after winning Prize Fighter and a European title, Harrison was booked to face fierce rival David Haye for the WBA heavyweight title. Despite an exciting build-up, the fight flopped massively with Harrison barely throwing a single bunch in a lacklustre display that ended in a third-round stoppage victory for ‘The Hayemaker’. Harrison was heavily criticised for his performance after the bout, and Hearn went on to describe it as the ‘worst night of his life’ as he contemplated whether or not he was cut out for the sport. Talking to Oleksandr Usyk’s promoter Alex Krassyuk on the Box Office YouTube, he said: “I met Audley Harrison and we went through and won the European title and ended up fighting David Haye and from there I wanted to retire from boxing because it was the worst night of my life. “I met Audley Harrison on a poker table in Las Vegas and we were playing poker and he said ‘Oh, you’re Matchroom! You do boxing, don’t you?’ I said, not really, like, small shows.’ He went ‘Look could you give me a fight? I still think I’ve got a lot to offer?’” “Audley was a big star in the UK, he’d won Olympic gold so people knew who he was, he was six-foot-seven, huge guy and I phoned my Dad and I said ‘I’ve just met Audley Harrison I said I think I can promote him.’” “I said to Audley ‘I’m going to put you in Prizefighter, you’re going to win it then I’m going to get you a shot at the European title, you’re going to win it, and then we’re going to fight David Haye for the world title. He went ‘Okay’. MORE BOXING NEWS... Usyk concern raised over ‘huge’ new physique ahead of Joshua rematch Joshua told secret Usyk chink that 'nobody talks about' Paul offer rejected as KSI announces new opponent after Wassabi injury “Next thing, he went in Prizefighter and won it, he beat Michael Sprott for the European title and then I was in Las Vegas negotiating with David Haye for the world heavyweight title. We did it in Manchester, [it] sold out instantly, pushed the pay-per-view, which did hundreds of thousands of buys, and then on the night, Audley didn’t throw a punch. “It was the worst fight ever. People were throwing things at me [as I was] leaving the arena and I said to myself after that night ‘I’m done in boxing’. Afterwards, people wouldn’t stop phoning me. Fighters, managers would ask ‘Are Matchroom back in boxing? “‘Look what you’ve done with Audley. I’ve got this guy, he’s so much better than Audley Harrison and you could do this.’ We signed Darren Barker, Kell Brook and Carl Froch all within three weeks of that fight.” Luckily, Hearn continued with boxing and has since become one of the most successful promoters in the history of the sport. He now prepares to host two of the biggest fights of the year in Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk II on August 20 and Canelo Alvarez vs Gennady Golovkin III on September 17.