Grace Kelly was an American-born Hollywood actress before marrying Prince Rainier in 1956 and becoming the Princess of Monaco. Grace wore many jewels adorned with rubies and diamonds over the years, including her engagement ring. Princess Grace often paid tribute to her adopted country of Monaco through the clothes and jewellery she wore, such as her ruby and diamond rings and tiaras. The first diamond and ruby jewel Grace wore was the engagement ring given to her by Prince Rainier in December 1955. It was a glittering eternity band, made by Cartier, and featured heirloom rubies and white diamonds – the red and white representing the flag of Monaco. The Princess-to-be wore this ring for her engagement photos, taken at her parents’ home in Philadelphia. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s new ring has hidden political message The ring was described in the Philadelphia Inquirer as “a handsome engagement ring, which the Prince had ordered fashioned from two family heirlooms, in the form of a diamond circlet and ruby circlet intertwined”. Interestingly, this was one of Grace’s two engagement rings: the Princess was given a second ring in 1956, which she wore on the set of her last Hollywood film, High Society. This ring was an enormous jewel set with a 10.5-carat, emerald-cut diamond, also made by Cartier. According to diamond expert Max Stone, of jewellers Steven Stone, this ring is thought to be worth a whopping £30million. DON'T MISS: Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] Meanwhile, Grace’s first ring could be valued at around £15,000. After the former actress married Rainier, she was given many jewellery as gifts, including tiaras. One of the most notable ruby and diamond tiaras was the Bains de Mer Tiara, which could be worn in numerous configurations, according to the Court Jeweller. A gift from the Société des Bains de Mer, one of the most important institutions in Monaco, the piece features three modern ornaments set with diamonds and cabochon rubies. These can be set atop the tiara, or worn separately in various ways, including as brooches, hair ornaments, or pendants on a necklace. Grace often wore the piece as a tiara. A notable occasion was when she donned it for a visit to the Vatican in April 1957. She combined the tiara, diamond bracelets, diamond earrings, and her diamond festoon necklace with a black lace dress. The Princess also wore the tiara for a dance with Rainier at the Imperial Ball in New York in December 1958. Grace was also seen wearing the tiara’s ornaments as a necklace – such as to attend a performance of Flower Drum Song, again in New York. A decade later, in November 1969, Grace wore the ruby and diamond ornaments as clip brooches on the neckline of her gown at her 40th birthday party. She looked stunning in a velvet gown featuring two velvet roses on both of her shoulders. Her hair was combed back in a plaited bun at the top of her head, and she completed the look with a pair of dangling diamond earrings. Another spectacular ruby and diamond tiara Grace was seen wearing was one that came with a set, loaned to her by Van Cleef & Arpels. The Princess donned it to a fundraising gala event at the Palace of Versailles in November 1973, combining it with a pair of matching earrings, necklace, and bracelet.