Aberdeen undergraduates are being warned of the upsetting material to be found in the Old English epic masterpiece Beowulf, which is part of its "Lost Gods and Hidden Monsters of the Celtic and Germanic Middle Ages" module. The warning reads: "Texts studied on this course contain representations of violence, coercion, animal cruelty or animal death, incest, suicide, explicit sexual content... ableism."  To which one can only say, bring it on! Who wouldn't want to read stuff like that? It sounds terrific. What do these kids want to read about anyway? Kittens and milk puddings? By most estimates Beowulf is well over a thousand years old and exists - singed and nibbled - in a single manuscript of just over three thousand lines that has miraculously survived fire and flood. And yes it is so shocking, set in the clammy grey landscape of your worst nightmares where formless creatures lope, dragons blaze a trail across the night sky, and unspeakable things lurk in the black depths of the mere. It's about heroism and loyalty, ancient feuds and battles.And aching loneliness. It's about the strangely moving anguish of the monster Grendel, driven to senseless carnage by the prospect of the light and laughter from the king's mead hall. It's about the vengeful fury of Grendel's mother - the craziest female in literature - who takes on Beowulf in her underwater lair after he has killed her abominable son.  It's about treasure hoards, curses and blessings, poisoned swords. It's about the passage of time and - above all - the inevitability of death and decay. Even the greatest warrior will one day face defeat. There is nothing triumphant about this bloodthirsty epic. Once it gets inside your head, Beowulf never lets you go. It's been translated into modern English many times, turned into a graphic novel, and various fantasy adventure films, some silly and some less so and one starring RayWinstone. We don't know who wrote it but I like to imagine that this early medieval person would gaze in stunned disbelief at how this extraordinary poem is still the subject of endless re-imaginings. We are so lucky that it survives and yes, it does get its claws into you and inhabit your dreams. Come to think of it, all great literature is worthy of a trigger warning. Caution: this poem could stay with you for the rest of your life. But surely that's a reason to embrace it, not avoid it?  Here home, we went through our usual "call them celebrities?" routine when Celebrity Masterchef got going on BBC One last week. But we did admit to knowing who Nancy Dell'Olio is. Those fantastic cheekbones haven't graced the gossip pages for years - but didn't she look good? And did you clock those four-inch heels she was wearing? Anyone who can cook in footwear like that deserves some sort of trophy. And, admittedly, after delving in the memory banks we both vaguely remembered the Chuckle Brothers, and Paul Chuckle's salmon Wellington did look nice. So despite initial resistance, you find yourself charmed by these not-really celebrities. I'm in for the duration now, as usual. Obviously we must all pull together during the drought. Though a gardener I know was astonished when a client phoned up to ask what she should do if she couldn't use the hose. "You can use a watering can," said my friend patiently. "I don't have one." "Bucket?" "I'm not sure what you're wanting me to do with it?" "Fill it up and pour it over the plants." "And that's it?" "Er, yes." Meanwhile, we can thanks Thames Water for the most repulsive piece of drought-related advice. People should take fewer showers and make do with "wiping" themselves with a "damp cloth". Not an attractive prospect is it? As I took part in a trial for a Covid vaccine I like to think I've done my bit for medical science. But I don't think I had as much fun as the 54 ladies who were sent home with vibrators to participate in a study on the female orgasm - the findings recently published in the Journal Of Sexual Medicine. Apparently, there are three kinds of yes, yes, yes! moments... described as "the wave", "the avalanche" and "the volcano". It all sounds absolutely marvellous - especially if you happen to have an interest in geology. State funerals are generally for royals and politicians whose popularity is not always assured. But there can be no doubting the public affection for Dame Olivia Newton-John, whose family has accepted the Australian government's offer of a state send-off for this lovely woman.  How could the BBC scrap the Saturday afternoon classified football results on Radio Five Live? Sacrilege! Not that I'm actively interested in the football results, but it takes me back to dark wintry afternoons in my childhood with the radio on in the kitchen, tea in the pot and the smell of toast and jam (or maybe Marmite). It was such a class act from the three who delivered the results over all those years - JohnWebster, James Alexander Gordon and Charlotte Green.You knew in an instant by the rise and fall of their voices as they read out the names of the first team whether it was to be a win, a draw or a defeat. A little broadcasting gem.  Racing driver Sir Lewis Hamilton is happy enough doing 200mph on the racetrack, but when it comes to tootling along on the roads with ordinary civilians he doesn't care for it.T-Junctions, zebra crossings and traffic jams make him nervous. "So much going on here," he said anxiously while driving a Vanity Fair journalist around the South of France. "This road is crazy. I'm going to turn around in a second." I get that. Formula One may be arduous, but at least - unless things have gone very badly wrong - you don't get cars coming towards you in the opposite direction. Or traffic lights. Or no right turns. And I don't suppose there's a sat nav which nags you to "make a U-turn when possible". You don't have to cruise around looking for a place to park where you won't get a ticket.You simply pull into the pit and 37 helpful people change your tyres in two seconds. Nobody sits in the back seat saying "are we nearly there?" or "I need a wee". Mostly because there isn't a back seat. And whereas in ordinary life one must always assume that every other motorist is drunk, stupid or uninsured, at least your colleagues in Formula One are all as skilful as you are. Yes, best to stay off the public thoroughfares if you're a Grand Prix driver. Far too stressful. The final indignity would be to find yourself involved in a minor prang and for the chap in the other car to come steaming over demanding: "Who do you think you are, Lewis Hamilton?" 