The Duke of Sussex, 37, has written the work and a completed manuscript has been signed off by lawyers. However, the memoir is believed to be causing tensions among senior royals. Harry met Charles while the Duke visited Windsor on his way with his wife Meghan Markle to the Invictus Games in The Netherlands in April. Neil Sean, citing a royal source, said: "Harry refused to talk about what he put down in his book." The refusal reportedly led to the Prince of Wales stopping the meeting after 10 minutes. Mr Sean added: "We know Prince Charles spent very little time with his son Prince Harry.  "Charles wanted to have a one-to-one chat, but that ended up being a very brief meeting. "According to a very good source, allegedly, Prince Harry refused to detail anything about his forthcoming memoir to Prince Charles. "The big sticking point this year, being the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and the 75th year of Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, Charles doesn't want any negativity." Mr Sean explained that, according to his "good source", Harry refused to share what he had written in his memoir.  READ MORE ABOUT HOSEPIPE BANS He added: "It has been pushed back, and Charles will have to wait and see like the rest of us." Publisher Penguin Random House announced last year that the memoir would hit the shelves sometime in 2022. There have since been reports the "intimate and heartfelt" work, co-written with a ghostwriter, could be out in November. A publishing source told The Sun: "The manuscript has been finished and gone through all of the legal processes.  DON'T MISS: UK urged not to host Eurovision for Ukraine – ‘Total waste of money’ [LATEST] ‘No way back’ Andrew's dream return to royal life in tatters [REVEALED] Kate and Prince William urged to 'give up favourite perk' [REPORT] "It’s done and out of Harry’s hands. The publishing date has been pushed back once but it is on track for the end of the year." Royal watchers have warned the memoir could reignite tensions which the Royal Family has sought to defuse. Harry said in a statement announcing the book: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think."  The prince is to donate proceeds from the book to charity. Harry will be following in his wife's footsteps after she saw her own book, The Bench, published. It tells the story of a relationship between a father and son. It is based on Harry and the Sussexes' son Archie. The work was inspired by a poem the Duchess of Sussex wrote for her husband on Father's Day and a month after their son was born.  Harry also follows other royals who have penned works, including Prince Charles who wrote The Old Man of Lochnagar, which is based on stories he would tell brothers Andrew and Edward. The Duke of York's ex-wife, Sarah Ferguson, has also written a number of children's stories. 