Manchester United are ‘not happy’ with the latest developments surrounding a deal for Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong, it has been claimed. The Red Devils have spent three months pursuing the Netherlands international in the hope he’ll end up moving to Old Trafford. However, still, a switch to the Premier League hangs in the balance. Manchester United still believe they can sign De Jong from Barcelona this summer. The La Liga giants need to jettison the Netherlands international so they can register new signings, while they also see his sale as necessary in order to acquire Bernardo Silva from Manchester City. Yet Fabrizio Romano, speaking on his YouTube channel, has now claimed United are ‘not happy’ with the latest developments surrounding a deal. “Man United are not happy with the developments,” he said. “It is more than two months working on this deal and still no update. Man United still have an agreement with Barcelona, not with Frenkie de Jong. “Frenkie as of today is still insisting to stay at Barcelona and not take a salary cut. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative “This is an important point. Frenkie doesn’t want to reduce his salary, Frenkie wants to continue at Barcelona. “He loves the city, he loves the club, he feels the team is fantastic, he wants to stay.” There’s now an added problem for United when it comes to signing De Jong. Chelsea are also in the picture to land the 25-year-old, with Thomas Tuchel believed to be an admirer of the midfielder. The Blues know N’Golo Kante can’t go on forever, with the injury-hampered France international approaching the twilight years of his career. Chelsea can offer De Jong a chance to play in the Champions League, something United can’t after finishing sixth in the Premier League table last term. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join And they can also offer the former Ajax star the opportunity to live in London, the capital, rather than Manchester. Within United, they’re still confident they can complete this deal by the time the transfer window slams shut on September 1. But it’s looking increasingly likely the saga will go to the wire, meaning the Red Devils are playing a risky game. United have been here before, of course, most notably nine years ago. In 2013, they spent all summer chasing a deal for Barcelona’s Cesc Fabregas - who David Moyes believed would add a new dimension to his midfield at Old Trafford. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Tom Cleverley and Anderson weren’t deemed good enough, Paul Scholes had retired and Michael Carrick was beginning to wane. United spent months trying to land the Spain international but, in the end, their pursuit failed - sparking a late move for Marouane Fellaini instead. The Red Devils won’t want a repeat this summer with De Jong, especially given how their pursuit has been played out so publicly. And whether they’re able to seal a deal remains to be seen. Former United star Gary Neville, meanwhile, thinks De Jong’s relationship with Erik ten Hag is the main reason his old side is refusing to pull the plug. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “Look if the manager has a relationship with the player, you’d have thought United would have abandoned that deal many weeks ago,” he said. “If Ten Hag trusts, knows, looks…they’d have surely aborted that mission weeks ago. “You’ve got to read between the lines a little bit and think he must be getting told something that we’re not. “If he’s said ‘no I’m not coming I want to stay at Barcelona’ or ‘I want to go to London to play in the Champions League’, surely at that point United would have said ‘we’re out of the race for Frenkie de Jong. “That they’re still in it, there must be something there.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here