Nancy Dell'Olio, 60, a famed lawyer, has dished on her relationship status in a candid interview. The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant famously dated former England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson from 1997 until 2007. After breaking up with Sven, Nancy began dating Trevor Nunn in May 2011 but they split later that year. The Celebrity Big Brother contestant has opened up about her love life as she shared that being single is a "state of mind". The TV personality revealed she is currently in a relationship but considers herself single. "I am a single person, with some interruptions," Nancy told The Times. "Single, it's a way you see life. It's a state of mind. I am in a relationship, but I consider myself a single person." READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen worries fan with bandaged arm The lawyer also opened up about her decision to not have any children as she suggested men and women are not always "honest with themselves" about having a family. She told the same publication: "The world is still controlled by men. The general way of thinking is sexist still. There's still a lot of things to be done. "I don't have children because it's something I never wanted. It was a quite conscious decision. It was right at the time and it still is. Not a lot of women or men have this courage to be extremely honest with themselves. "Miscarriages are always quite dramatic; it is a very tough experience for women."   The on-screen star also dished on what to look out for in a man and certainly recommends finding one who is good in the kitchen. "I have never been a good cook and I'm not pretending to be. One thing I know is if something tastes good or not," she commented. "The secret is to have a boyfriend or father who knows how to cook. I love when somebody is doing that for me." Speaking of food, the TV personality is set to put her cooking skills to the test as she joins a host of famous faces for the new series of Celebrity MasterChef. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley's 'huge support' for Kate Garraway over Derek's sepsis[LATEST]Aled Jones’ daughter Emilia ignores his advice despite ‘sacrifice’[ADMISSION]Raymond Briggs dead: Author and illustrator behind The Snowman dies[TRIBUTES] As comedians, musicians and presenters put on their aprons for six weeks as they battle it out to impress show hosts John Torode and Greg Wallace. The Italian lawyer and media personality will be joining the Celebrity MasterChef 2022 line-up with McFly's Danny Jones, comedian Kae Kurd, Love Island's Faye Winter and ChuckleVision's Paul Chuckle in the first heat of the competition. Nancy rose to fame after dating Swedish football manager Sven. While she ran her own property law practice, Nancy began establishing herself as a media personality, hosting MTV's Footballers' Cribs. She published her own autobiography in 2007 titled My Beautiful Game. Nancy has since competed on Strictly Come Dancing and Celebrity Big Brother – however, she only managed to stay just over one week in the Big Brother house. Celebrity MasterChef airs tonight on BBC One at 8pm.