Jamie Redknapp and Gary Neville were embroiled in a heated argument in the wake of Manchester United's humiliating 4-0 hammering at the hands of Brentford on Saturday. Amid an impassioned rant by Neville aimed at United's American owners the Glazers, Redknapp ordered the former United full-back to "look at me when I'm talking to you". Erik ten Hag's team capitulated against the Bees in the first 45 minutes of their Premier League encounter on Saturday, shipping four goals without reply before the break. The Dutchman opted to ring the changes at the interval, but by then the damage had already been done, and the Red Devils fell to a second embarrassing defeat of the season, just one week on from losing 2-1 to Brighton at Old Trafford. Neville began: "But there's a family over there in America, who are just literally letting their employees take all the hits for them and that is unforgivable. They have got to get on a plane, Joel Glazer has got to get on a plane tomorrow, he's got to get over to Manchester and he's got to start to divert the issues away from the club and tell everybody what the hell his plan is with the football club. What is he doing?" At which point, Redknapp attempted to make a counterargument, only for Neville to lift his hand in a bid to prevent his fellow pundit from interjecting. He snapped: "You had a go at the players before the break though, Jamie" before the pair bickered over who should have the next say. "Let me just ask you a question. When you are a player, and we didn't win the league for 30 years at Liverpool," Redknapp began, before insisting a prickly Neville show him some manners. "Just look at me when I'm talking to you." "I'm not having a go at the players, but they have to take responsibility. When you're a player do you think 'Oh, I wonder what Joel Glazer is doing tomorrow?' I couldn't care less." At which point Neville repeated the phrase "How many times?" as he attempted to elaborate on his earlier point. He eventually added: "How many times are we going to sit here and say those players lack leadership, personality." After Redknapp remarked, "How many times are we going to keep saying they need to get rid of the owners?", Neville said: "But they've proven it. They proven they can't handle it these players, so they needed to have a good transfer market. They've not had a good transfer market. "When the business is failing and not performing, it's the owners of that business, it's really simple. It's failing miserably."