Colson Smith, 24, of Craig Tinker Coronation Street fame, has responded to an Instagram post of his character's on-screen partner Faye Windass sitting alongside him. The Castleford-born actor shared his feelings about the picture in view of his 181,000 followers. Sharing the snap with their own 745,000 followers, the Coronation Street Instagram account unashamedly posted the unflattering photo of the soap star. The caption read: “Will Faye come clean about her near kiss with Michael?! “Missed tonight's episode? Watch now on the ITV Hub, link in bio! “#Corrie @itv @WeAreSTV1.” READ MORE: TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son  Colson responded, writing: “Nice angle of me this :/“ However, despite Colson’s clear annoyance at the image, his fans were quick to comment with reassurances. Debi_cooper_3 penned: “Aw you're gorgeous.” Freya_rowley_15 said: “Why do I find this comment relatable?” Gillian.s.parkinson wrote: “It's relatable, makes you genuine and real and normal, it's actually wonderful as it shows compassion and care.” Dozer590 commented: “Very cool pic of you and Ellie (@ellielouiseleach) together. “You two make a real cute couple on screen. Boy you and her should’ve been an on-screen couple around 2016.” The star recently discussed his drastic weight loss, which is one of the most discussed drastic diets ever seen in the soap world. READ MORE... Amanda Holden 51 oozes sex appeal as she steps out of ocean in bikini [PIC] Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell [NEWS] 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life [INSIGHT] He dropped an incredible 10 stone through following a steady diet plan over the past two years. The actor, who has played Craig since 2011, has had his hard work pay off in a major way. Colson revealed he followed a strict food plan with the help of life coach, Rob Brennan. He told Lorraine Kelly last year: "We worked through everything I could do to make it as easy as possible. "So I have my breakfast and lunches delivered, and they’re still being delivered now, which means cooking I don't have to think about. "I can just eat!" Colson used a company named FitChef, which uses all-natural ingredients with no sugars or preservatives.