Chelsea have reportedly put a threat on the table by telling Barcelona that they need to complete their deal to sign Marcos Alonso by no later than next week. The Blues have already agreed to Alonso’s request to join the Catalan giants, but a move hasn’t yet materialised. Barcelona have been under pressure to sell players to ensure they don’t fall foul of La Liga’s financial fair play regulations. According to Spanish publication Sport, Barcelona transfer chief Mateu Alemany is yet to create space in the club’s salary bill for Alonso, even though the Spain international is the only left-wing-back addition they want to sign this summer. Alonso has waited all summer to make his move to Barcelona a reality after asking Chelsea chiefs to sanction a move away from Stamford Bridge. The Catalan giants, who have promised the 31-year-old that he will move to the Nou Camp, have already agreed a fee for the player and will hand the Blues less than £8.5million to secure his services. Alonso has even agreed to reduce his salary to join Barcelona and is set to put pen-to-paper on a three-year deal at the club. But the Spanish side won’t make any more signings until they can register Jules Kounde. Transfer news LIVE: Ronaldo U-turn, Newcastle eye double deal, Caicedo latest    Kounde joined Barcelona from Sevilla at the end of last month but has been unable to play in either of his side’s opening two La Liga matches. And time is running out for Barca as they attempt to get their financial affairs in order before the summer transfer window shuts at the start of September. Alonso joined Chelsea from Fiorentina six years ago and has gone on to bag 29 goals and 23 assists in 212 appearances for the west Londoners. He was a regular in the Blues side that won the Premier League title under Antonio Conte during his maiden campaign at the club and has gone on to win the Champions League, the Europa League and the FA Cup. DON'T MISSMan Utd have four players in trouble with Glazers ready to spend £107.3mMan Utd draw up De Jong 'contract plan' despite signing CasemiroTottenham flop 'in Nottingham Forest's sights' as new boys eye 17th signing   Alonso, who was recently included in a player-plus-cash deal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, hasn’t been included in any of the Chelsea squads for their opening three matches of the new Premier League campaign amid his pending transfer. But if the deal ultimately falls through he could find it virtually impossible to force his way back into Thomas Tuchel’s plans. Ben Chilwell has risen above Alonso in the wing-back pecking order, while Marc Cucurella has been brought in from Brighton as Tuchel looks to keep up with his side’s Premier League rivals. Meanwhile, Chelsea have been told to pay the £25m fee Barcelona are after for Aubameyang in full, with Alonso set to be a separate transaction. 