Chelsea chairman Todd Boehly convinced Cesar Azpilicueta to sign a new contract by promising the long-serving Spaniard that he will lead a new generation of talent at Stamford Bridge. It will come as good news to Thomas Tuchel as he seeks to continue improving his squad. Tuchel made a public plea to Boehly during pre-season, demanding that further additions are signed following the acquisitions of Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly. Chelsea have since completed the £62million signing of Marc Cucurella from Brighton but must strengthen further. Defender Azpilicueta has hinted that more players will arrive at the Blues before the end of the transfer window after detailing talks with new chairman Boehly. Chelsea have been linked with Leicester defender Wesley Fofana, Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, and RB Salzburg attacker Benjamin Sesko. Azpilicueta revealed that he was persuaded to sign a new two-year contract extension following talks with American Boehly, who purchased Chelsea in May following the sanctioning of Roman Abramovich. “I am really excited otherwise [I wouldn’t sign],” the experienced defender told journalists after the Blues beat Everton 1-0 on Saturday, as quoted by the South London Press. JUST IN: Chelsea have 'growing confidence' in Fofana move amid Rodgers talks “I am very honest. We expressed our opinions and I had a meeting with the owners. They wanted me to stay here to lead the team both on and off the pitch. “It’s a big thank you to them. They were very honest and transparent from the first day. I felt a responsibility to stay here in my home. My family is happy here. We have a new project with new players and youngsters coming in. I feel right and ready to look forward.” The last part of Azpilicueta's comment hints at new signings arriving at the club. Tuchel will hope that Boehly will now crack on with signing Chelsea’s main targets. The Blues are desperate to complete a deal for Leicester’s Fofana, with wide-ranging reports claiming that the West Londoners will make a fresh offer for the £85m-rated France U21 star this week. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'agree' £25.3m Timo Werner exit as Boehly works on seven moreMan Utd and Chelsea given Frenkie de Jong hope as error emergesChelsea opportunity can provide Mikel Arteta's final Arsenal signing Leicester are adamant that Fofana will not be sold but need to sell before they can complete their own business. Barcelona are in a similar situation and will need to sell Dutchman De Jong if they are to register £150m worth of new signings to La Liga. Manchester United initially seemed to be the sole Premier League club interested in signing De Jong but Chelsea have since entered the race. Some claims have suggested that the 25-year-old would prefer a switch to Chelsea due to their participation in the Champions League. Chelsea could hijack United’s move for the former Ajax star, with the Old Trafford outfit reportedly set to ditch their pursuit. Tuchel has also been linked with teenage forward Sesko, but RB Leipzig are reportedly winning the race to sign the forward from sister club RB Salzburg.