As the cost of living crisis continues and energy bills soar, any extra help could be vital for some families. As well as the £400 energy bill discount, millions of vulnerable will get a total of £1,200 as a one-off support amid rising prices. The Government has introduced a series of energy bills support schemes to help struggling households with the cost of living. The DWP have stated that households will begin receiving the discount this October. Britons can expect their instalment to be sent out between October 2022 and March 2023. The DWP press office tweeted: "#CostOfLiving help is available, including: - A £150 Council Tax rebate for 80 percent of households - A £650 #CostOfLivingPayment for eligible benefit claimants - A £400 Energy bill discount for domestic electricity customers." READ MORE: Thousands of carers could get an extra £245 this year on top of DWP benefit - can you? The money will be sent out automatically meaning customers will not need to apply for the discount. The £400 discount will be handed out by suppliers to ensure that households will get the financial support they need during the winter months when energy usage will be at its highest. Those with a domestic electricity meter point who make payments through payment cards, standard credit, and direct debit will receive an automatic deduction on bills. People who use prepayment meters and top up their credit before using energy will be provided with discount vouchers in the first week of each month. READ MORE: 'Enormous scale!' Martin Lewis warns of 'eye-watering' bill increases for Britons in weeks  These will be sent by text message, email or post with the most up-to-date contact details customers have left with suppliers. The discount also applies to students and other tenants renting properties with domestic electricity contracts from landlords where fixed energy costs are included in their rental charges. In these circumstances, landlords who resell energy to their tenants should pass the discounted payments on appropriately, in line with Ofgem rules to protect tenants. In all cases, no household should be asked for bank details at any point. Ministers are urging consumers to stay alert of potential scams and report these to the relevant authorities where they are suspected. Energy bills are expected to soar to £3,582 in October and could exceed £4,200 in January. The figures, released by industry experts Cornwall Insight, would represent a 82 percent increase to the energy price cap, which has already risen by 54 percent to £1,971 in April this year. The price cap was set at £1,227 before April. A jump to £3,582 would mean households could see energy bills almost triple in the space of six months.