Trisha Goddard, 64, posted a picture to Instagram announcing that she had married her mystery partner of four years. The presenter shared a picture of two mugs, while captioning the post to reveal the couple had "the most magical, loving day". Trisha shared the big announcement in the early hours of Monday morning in view of her 48,700 followers. She shared a snap of two mugs reading: "Mr #Boo 28th August 2022. Mrs #Boo 28th August 2022. Trisha captioned the exciting post: "The most magical, loving day… August 28th 2022." Friends and social media users alike rushed to the comments to congratulate Trisha on the big news. READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims ITV doctor Amir Khan commented: "Congratulations my darling, you deserve every happiness xx." Social media user Trishhollamby said: "Oh darling congratulations!!! Mr Boo is a lucky man!!" Mummy2lennon added: "Aww that’s amazing news. Many congratulations to you and Mr Boo. Wishing you all the love, luck and happiness in the world." Trisha has known her mystery husband for four years, with the pair getting engaged in January after living in Connecticut together since March last year. Trisha also shared a snap on Instagram yesterday as she chilled on a park bench in workout clothes. The post read "today is a good day" along with Ella Fitzgerald's hit, It's a Lovely Day Today, playing over the Instagram story. In the snap, the presenter kept it casual in black jeans and a vest top, while she styled her brunette locks tucked beneath a red baseball cap. DON'T MISS... Prince Harry slammed by Karren Brady over private jet flight [OPINION] Johnny Depp makes bizarre comeback at MTV VMAs 'I needed the work!' [HOLLYWOOD] Lizzo makes bold statement in billowing navy gown at MTV VMAs 2022 [PICS] Earlier this year, Trisha revealed her boyfriend popped the question during a hiking trip, when he surprised her with an engagement ring as they ate a snack during their New Year walk. Her nuptials come after the presenter admitted earlier this year that she had gone into shock after breaking her thigh bone during a nasty fall. She was left to rely on a walking frame and had to stick to emergency surgery precautions, which left Trisha very annoyed. The presenter took to Instagram at the start of the month where she detailed her terrifying ordeal, revealing how she had been rushed to the hospital after falling down the stairs. She told her fans: "I've just had two of the toughest weeks... One where I was rushed to hospital for an emergency operation, literally roaring in pain. "But I'm still alive... just. I spent a week in hospital, was discharged on Friday and with the help of Mother Morphine, did my three hour @talktv shows on Saturday and Sunday. Oh, and filmed a piece for @60minutes9 midweek too!" Jonathan Shallit, who represents the TalkTV presenter, then revealed the full scale of her injuries, on Twitter. He wrote: "After week in hospital nothing stops TRISHA GODDARD broadcasting live 1pm today Talk Radio @TalkTV after nasty fall downstairs, trapped alone and going into shock with broken femur, unable to move for three hours, even with walking frame and sticks @InterTalent."