During Tuesday’s episode of the ITV show, Loose Women star Denise Welch got riled up while defending The Duchess of Sussex. Raising her voice to get her point heard, her colleague Gloria Hunniford demanded Denise not shout at her. One segment of the show saw the four panellists Jane Moore, Brenda Edwards, Denise Welch and Gloria Hunniford unpick Meghan’s recent bombshell interview with The Cut.Having strong views on The Duchess, Denise told the panel she’s been on the “Meghan Markle support wagon” ever since she first got with Prince Harry.Touching on how she was spoken about negatively in the press, Denise said: "Even when she was suffering from extremely bad mental health issues with her child. “I don’t know how she survived sometimes!”Jane Moore then tried to give her input on the situation saying asking for privacy and then doing an interview is a contradiction.Starting to give her view, Gloria tried to speak while Denise raised her voice saying: “She wants privacy from unwanted attention!”Gloria quickly quipped back: “Don't shout at me! Just stop talking for one minute.” Saying that she wouldn’t shout at her, Denise then allowed Gloria to have her say on the topic. The panellist said: “This is a very very valid point and I want to make it clear. “I really loved Meghan Markle when she came across, I really enjoyed the wedding, I admired all the things she did for the environment.” The 82-year-old added she was sad when Meghan and Harry decided to live in America and was sorry to see them go.   Gloria added: “I respected the fact that they wanted a bit of privacy. “But now privacy to me is you go to a different country and you do not do Oprah Winfrey, do every magazine and do all sorts of deals with Netflix. Shaking her head, Denise said she disagreed with what she was saying before Gloria told her co-star to let her finish speaking. She continued: “It’s a point that she did tell, what was discovered, as fib or lies whatever you want to call them, in that Oprah Winfrey item.”   Commenting, Denise swiped back: “What and the Royal Family has never told any fibs or lies either? “I think there’s some whoppers that we’re not allowed to talk about but anyway.” Gloria added that she admires the Queen and royal family but believes that Meghan undermines the good work that she does. Shouting in frustration, Denise yelled: “The Queen supports Prince Andrew Gloria! Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12:30pm