The Lifetime Allowance is the limit on how much people can build up in pension benefits over their lifetime while still enjoying the full tax benefits. If someone goes over the allowance, they’ll generally pay a tax charge on the excess at certain times. On the MeaningfulMoney Youtube channel, chartered financial planner Pete Matthew discussed ways that people can avoid going over the Lifetime Allowance. The lifetime allowance for most people is £1,073,100 in the tax year 2022/23 and has been frozen at this level until the 2025/26 tax year. Exceeding the limit means Britons could be subject to a 55 percent tax. The allowance applies to the total of all the pensions people have, including the value of pensions they have through: Mr Matthew said: “The pension Lifetime Allowance can seem like a major threat if you have a large SIPP or personal pension, or if you have a decent defined benefit income. READ MORE: Thousands of unpaid carers could be missing out on £279 each month - are you eligible? “If you’re planning to stay together into retirement then there is a real benefit of sharing the asset between you. “This does depend on your partner having relevant UK earnings to justify the pension contributions.” Mr Matthew also suggested people crystallising their pension early and taking their tax free cash. This area is quite complicated but he explained that people can take an income from their drawdown pot so that it doesn’t grow past the Lifetime Allowance limit at age 75, therefore avoiding the tax charge. READ MORE: Savings update: Nationwide offers ‘best’ rates on their Triple Access Account He added: “You have to balance the income tax payable on the income you take against the potential lifetime allowance charge down the line. Sometimes it’s clear cut - you should do one or the other.” Britons are urged to see a financial planner before doing things they may not fully understand. Moreover, another way to avoid hitting the Lifetime Allowance is by using other saving vehicles other than a pension. Mr Matthew said: “People can save in other ways than a pension. If you are getting closer to the lifetime allowance you start redirecting money that you would have paid into your pension into something different such as a venture capital trust. “You should definitely be using your ISA allowance of course. There’s no tax relief on money going into a ISA, but there’s no tax coming out either.” Britons can save tax-free with Individual Savings Accounts (ISAs). There are four types of ISA: In the 2022/23 tax year, the maximum people can pay into their ISA is £20,000. This limit must be split between each ISA account that people have many. More information can be found on the MeaningfulMoney website.