Ricky Gervais, 61, has strengthened his team of security by employing more guards to protect him at live gigs, according to reports. The comedian reportedly amped up his security in the wake of the attack on author Salman Rushdie who was stabbed on stage earlier this month. A source said Ricky has upped his security so he can “relax” knowing that there is a “close eye on audience members”.They said: “Ricky isn’t taking any chances. He has employed his own security guards for the gigs so he can have a laugh and relax in the knowledge that he’s safe.“He hasn’t wasted any expense. They’re the real deal and are positioned in the aisles and around the stage, keeping a close eye on audience members.” READ MORE:Rod Stewart poses with seven kids as wife Penny issues sad farewell   The show will be his third Netflix stand-up show following SuperNature, which came out in May, and Humanity in 2018.SuperNature sparked some backlash due to Ricky’s jokes surrounding cancel culture, transgender people, Hitler and AIDS.  Nevertheless, Ricky hit back at the furore by pointing out that some “people want to be offended”.Appearing on Steve Wright’s BBC Radio 2 programme in May, the host asked: “Do you ever get fed up Ricky with having to explain yourself?” DON'T MISS'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life[INSIGHT]TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son[NEWS]'Pathetic!' Alastair Stewart rages at mocking of Lady Louise[LATEST] The Office star replied: “I try to remind them that a joke is a joke. It’s not a window to the comedian’s true soul.“I take any view to make the joke funny. I pretend to be left-wing, I pretend to be right-wing, I pretend to be clever, I pretend to be stupid. Whatever makes the joke it's funniest, and smart people know that, they get it.“They know when I’m serious, they know when I’m joking, they know when I’m saying the opposite of what I mean, they know when I’m saying exactly what I mean.“But it’s often when it’s taken out of context or people that weren’t at the show and they see a clip. Some people want to be offended, it’s their job, they go through the press and through the TV channels and there’s nothing you can do about that.” 