Wolves want around £50million for Arsenal target Pedro Neto, according to reports. Neto has emerged as a priority signing for the Gunners in the remainder of the transfer window. Arsenal have spent around £120m on new signings this summer. Oleksandr Zinchenko was the last player through the door at the Emirates a month ago, as focus turned to moving on some unwanted members of Mikel Arteta's squad. But now it appears attention is back on bringing in new talent before the September 1 deadline. Arteta said on Saturday that he wanted to add more firepower to his squad. Neto is his top target and the Sun claims £50m is what Wolves would demand for the 22-year-old. Arsenal are currently only willing to pay £35m for the winger. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd's De Jong plan, Chelsea Barca threat, Zaniolo to Spurs  There is yet to be an official bid from the north London club but Arteta is claimed to be a huge fan of Neto. The Athletic claimed on Monday that talks have been held over Neto for over a month. The Gunners have been in contact with the player's agent Jorge Mendes, who has relayed information to Wolves. Neto only signed a new contract at Molineux in March to keep him at the club until 2027. But it appears Arsenal are set to test Wolves' resolve with a late pursuit. Wolves are yet to win a match this season, with Neto having started all three games. Arsenal, meanwhile, sit top of the table as the only team to have won their opening three fixtures. Speaking after the comprehensive 3-0 win at Bournemouth on Saturday, Arteta insisted his plans for the remainder of the transfer window had not changed despite the perfect start to the season. DON'T MISSArsenal may have Wenger to thank if Pedro Neto completes late transferArsenal may have two more William Salibas as loan stars shineArsenal 'to make Tielemans bid this week' but have two alternatives  The Spaniard said: "We don’t like reacting obviously, we want to get the players that we believe will make a big impact in the team. If we can do that, we will try to do that. If we cannot, we will stay with the players we have. "No it doesn’t change, but we know as well where we are short, where we have to add more firepower. And if we can do it, we will do it." Arsenal will be aiming to continue their fine start to the season on Saturday when they host promoted Fulham. Aston Villa then visit the Emirates the following Wednesday, before a trip to Old Trafford to face Manchester United for the Gunners.  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here