Princess Beatrice married Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi in a private Windsor ceremony on July 17, 2020. Royal weddings require months of planning, huge price tags, hundreds of guests and historic settings such as St Paul's Cathedral, Westminster Abbey and St George's Chapel, Windsor. The pressure and expectations of the day are most likely unmatched.  While there have been spectacular sights at royal weddings including those by Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle, one royal couple decided to do away with many traditions and celebrate their special day exactly how they wanted. In doing so, Princess Beatrice and Edoardo broke a number of long-standing royal customs that have been followed for generations.  Princess Beatrice and Edoardo announced their engagement in September 2019 and the couple married in a private ceremony at the Royal Chapel of All Saints in Windsor Great Park on July 17, 2020. The only members of the family who attended the wedding were the Queen, Prince Philip, Prince Andrew, Sarah Ferguson, Princess Eugenie, Jack Brooksbank and Edo's son from a previous relationship, Christopher Woolf 'Wolfie'.  There were a number of royal traditions that were broken before and throughout the day. One custom which wasn't followed was that Princess Beatrice and Edoardo spent their final night together at home, rather than apart in two separate hotels or homes. This was because they got married at the height of the coronavirus pandemic and were following the social distancing rules.  The Duchess of Cambridge stayed at one of the Queen's favourite hotels the night before her wedding to Prince William. Kate was pictured arriving at the Goring Hotel with mum Carole and her sister Pippa Middleton on April 28, 2011.   The Middleton trio were given the royal suite, which has gorgeous four-poster beds and a balcony overlooking the gardens. Similarly, Meghan Markle also followed this trend as she stayed at Cliveden House Hotel near Windsor with her mother, Doria Ragland the night before she married Prince Harry at St George's Chapel.  Meanwhile, Prince Harry stayed at Coworth Park with his brother and best man Prince William. Princess Beatrice's wedding dress was particularly special as it was adapted from one of the Queen's dresses which she had previously worn to the premiere of the Lawrence of Arabia in 1962. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice 'clashed' with Eugenie over Meghan and Harry snub  Beatrice chose a dress which the Queen had previously worn to the premiere of the Lawrence of Arabia in 1962. The alterations were made by Her Majesty's dressmaker, Angela Kelly. The original dress was designed by Sir Norman Hartnell, who also designed the Queen's wedding dress, as well as her coronation outfit. The ivory vintage dress includes organza sleeves added especially for the wedding and was made from Peau De Soie taffeta. The look is completed by geometric bodice and diamanté adornments. 