Bank holiday days have come thick and fast in 2022, as the Government treated Britons to an additional guilt-free day off during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. That last holiday was on June 3 and followed another on June 2, creating a four-day weekend. People have had to wait nearly three months until another holiday this year, and it is right around the corner. August comes with one bank holiday a year, the "summer bank holiday" usually held at the end of the month. In 2022, the holiday falls on Monday, August 29, giving people a three-day weekend. People will want to treasure the coming three-day weekend, as it is the last of this year. READ MORE: Britons warned 'Half of UK households will be in fuel poverty' by Jan The summer bank holiday is the last until December when people celebrate Christmas. The last two of 2022 are the Boxing Day and Christmas Day bank holidays on December 26 and 27. The unusual seeming arrangement is due to Christmas Day falling on a Sunday this year. The Government has created a "substitute day" for December 27, ensuring the Boxing Day holiday stays in place. Another substitute day comes in 2023, as the coming New Year's Day is also a Sunday. There are only seven more bank holidays over the rest of the year, with the next from April. The 2023 bank holidays include: New Year’s Day (substitute day): January 2 While banks and other institutions will get automatic bank holidays off, this is the exception rather than the rule. Employers are free to dictate whether their employees can have the day to themselves via their contracts. If a workplace is closed during a bank holiday, employers may ask their staff to use paid time off. As the name suggests, bank staffers are among those able to automatically take bank holidays off. The entitlement means they cannot process benefit payments on the day, so they introduce alternative arrangements. People whose benefit payment dates fall during a bank holiday should receive them on the working day prior, meaning those due to receive a payment on August 29 got theirs today.