Whether you believe a grey squirrel is a wild animal or a rodent, they are common in gardens and woodlands, and can both delight with their acrobatic movements and annoy by eating flower buds, bulbs, fruits and vegetables and bird feed. The Wildlife Trust estimates around 2.5 million grey squirrels are living in the UK, and many of them frequent their nearest back garden in search of food. Here’s how you can deter grey squirrels from your garden without causing them harm. Squirrels are especially active in late summer and into autumn, as they look to stock up for winter. They can easily be spotted, and some of the signs that they are present in your garden include: READ MORE: ‘Will attract vermin’: Key ingredients you should never compost To prevent squirrels from coming into your garden, make sure you aren’t offering them what they want. Check rubbish bins are secure, and refrain from leaving food or compost scraps around. Bird seed is a tempting offer to squirrels, so keep it indoors or in a squirrel-proof feeder. With the current heatwave, squirrels may steal tomatoes, cucumbers or other juicy produce from the vine because they’re thirsty. Some gardeners have said that placing a dish of water or providing a bird bath nearby, can discourage squirrels from snacking on crops. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour [VIDEO]How to stop your kitchen sink smelling & remove thick gunk from drain [EXPERT]Aldi recalls popular garden Specialbuy - full details [NEWS] Choosing the right material to act as a physical barrier is key as squirrels are capable of squeezing through extremely tight spaces, so holes in the fencing or netting must be very small. Look specifically for netting or fencing that’s rated for rats or squirrels. As for where to use the fencing or netting, consider protecting your vegetable garden with a wire fence, but make sure it is buried about at least six inches into the ground, so the squirrels can’t easily dig under it. Materials like a hardware cloth will do the trick - standard chicken wire has holes that a determined squirrel can squeeze through. You can also invest in some chew-proof netting and lay it over your plants. Pots are easy to protect with a layer of netting across the top or consider a layer of gravel or stones on top of the soil to discourage digging. One thing squirrels dislike is a shiny reflection, so you could try using foil across the top of pots, and poking holes in it to allow water to seep through. READ MORE: How to prune lavender for a ‘full and compact’ plant - best technique Most dogs love to chase squirrels, and squirrels dislike other big furry animals. When you brush your dog, take the clumps of hair and place it around your garden, the smell of the dog will prevent squirrels from entering your garden. Human hair can work just as well - so next time you’re at the hairdresser's, save some. Gardeners can also explore the idea of installing a raptor perch or owl nest box to invite natural predators who will prey on squirrels. A fake owl may also frighten squirrels away; move it around the garden regularly so that the squirrels don’t become wise to the trick. Try sprinkling cayenne pepper, ground chilli flakes or garlic pepper on and around your plants when they are ready to bloom. After getting a taste, the squirrels won’t return. You can also add cayenne pepper to bird feed as birds can’t taste different flavours or spices.