The Duchess of Sussex, 41, unveiled her hotly-anticipated Spotify collaboration on Tuesday after a deal with the streaming giant was announced in 2020. The first episode of "Archetypes" featured tennis legend and personal friend of the Duchess, Serena Williams. The episode, entitled "The Misconception of Ambition", explored topics from motherhood to career success. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex welcomed their first child, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, in May 2019. The couple announced Meghan’s pregnancy shortly after they tied the knot at Windsor in 2018. Meghan and Harry announced the imminent arrival of their second child, Lilibet Diana, on Valentine’s Day 2021. A spokesperson said: "We can confirm that Archie is going to be a big brother. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are overjoyed to be expecting their second child." One-year-old Lilibet was born in June last year. Serena Williams, who is married to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian, announced the birth of their daughter, Alexis "Olympia" Ohanian Jr, in 2017. READ MORE: Meghan's 'negative connotation for ambition' comment in podcast Speaking to Meghan, Serena recalled how she “loved being pregnant”, whereas Meghan recounted how “tired” she felt before giving birth. Meghan told Serena: "You made pregnancy look so sexy. I just waddled around. "I was just tired. So tired. Oh my god." Serena also said how she attempted to delay becoming a mother as long as possible in favour of advancing her career. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Couldn't make it up! Meghan hit with backlash [LIVE] Poll result: Harry and Meghan ‘not welcome’ to return to UK [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Should taxpayers fund William and Kate's renovations? [POLL] She described how the reality of when a woman starts a family has different career implications, when compared to how men figure out fatherhood into their professional lives. She told Meghan: "I really want to expand my family, and you know I’ve been putting it off for so long, and as a woman there’s only so long you can put that off and other people out there, other men out there, can continue to play." Meghan also revealed that Archie's bedroom caught fire while the Duke and Duchess were away during their 2019 trip to South Africa. She recalled: "The moment we landed, we had to drop [Archie] off at this housing unit that they had had us staying in. He was going to get ready to go down for his nap. "We immediately went to an official engagement in this township called Nyanga, and there was this moment where I'm standing on a tree stump and I'm giving this speech to women and girls." She added: "We finish the engagement, we get in the car and they say, 'There's been a fire at the residence. There's been a fire in the baby's room'. "We get back, and our amazing nanny Lauren is in floods of tears. She was supposed to put Archie down for his nap and she just said: 'You know what? Let me just go get a snack downstairs.'" She added: "In that amount of time that she went downstairs, the heater in the nursery caught on fire. "There was no smoke detector. Someone happened to just smell smoke down the hallway, went in, fire extinguished. He was supposed to be sleeping in there."