Liverpool finally got their season up and running against Bournemouth on Saturday and in spectacular style too - smashing the Cherries 9-0 in a record-equalling Premier League win. Jurgen Klopp will no doubt to de desperate to carry such momentum forward in order to revive the Reds' title hopes, but with Newcastle up next on Wednesday, just days before a trip to Goodison Park for the first Merseyside derby of the season against Everton, the German faces a dilemma over his upcoming selections. Express Sport looks at how Klopp may line up against the Magpies, with two potential changes despite the club's continued injury crisis. Even if No 2 Caoimhin Kelleher was back to full fitness for the visit of Newcastle, it would seem incredibly unlikely undisputed No 1 Alisson would lose his starting spot. The Brazilian stopper, who shared last season's Premier League Golden Glove alongside compatriot Ederson of Manchester City, kept his first clean sheet of the season on Saturday and will be determined to add another against the Magpies this midweek. With little to concern them defensively, both Trent Alexander-Arnold and Virgil van Dijk got in on the goalscoring act against Bournemouth on Saturday in a much-needed confidence boost. With Liverpool 8-0 up and in cruise control come the 83rd minute, Alexander-Arnold was then afforded a slight rest ahead of a testing week for Klopp's side. Though Ibrahima Konate remains sidelined, the Reds received a welcome boost on Monday as Joel Matip returned to first-team training following his recent setback. The Newcastle clash on Wednesday is likely to come too soon for the Cameroonian centre-back, meaning Joe Gomez is expected to continue to deputise alongside Van Dijk at the heart of Klopp's defence. Andy Robertson is another Liverpool player who was afforded something of a rest on Saturday as he was substituted for Kostas Tsimikas with 69 minutes on the clock. The Greek left-back then claimed two assists, setting up both Fabio Carvalho and Luis Diaz in the dying stages, and it wouldn't come as a surprise to see him rewarded with a start against Newcastle, while Robertson is rested ahead of Everton. JUST IN: Arsenal and Newcastle on alert after Real Madrid star 'offered' With Klopp somewhat restricted as to who he can deploy in midfield given injuries to Thiago, Naby Keita, Curtis Jones and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Fabinho and Jordan Henderson lined up alongside Harvey Elliott against the Cherries. The latter shone during his 45 minutes of action, hitting a stunning effort to put Liverpool 2-0 up inside six minutes at Anfield. Despite that, he may well find his position under threat heading into the Newcastle clash. Elliott was replaced by Carvalho at the interval and the latter also laid down a marker of his own, hitting a sublime volley to notch the Reds' eighth. Klopp has admitted he will not hesitate to hand the summer signing his first start and it seems likely to come against Newcastle, with the Liverpool boss understandably eager to rotate as one eye is kept on the weekend clash with Everton. Like Matip, Jones has also returned to first-team training, but he too will likely be eased back into action. DON'T MISS...Man City stat hints Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal have no title hopeLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's transfer confession highlights FSG errorLiverpool boss Klopp has new fan favourite to unleash on Newcastle Heading into the clash with Bournemouth, all eyes were on Klopp's attack. With Darwin Nunez still suspended following his rash red card against Crystal Palace, it remained to be seen whether the Reds boss would persist with a struggling Roberto Firmino or deploy Carvalho in an advanced role. Klopp stuck with the Brazilian and he was subsequently rewarded for his faith. Firmino hit a double and led the charge alongside Luis Diaz, who also grabbed a brace himself. With Nunez set to serve the final match of his ban on Wednesday, Klopp's forward line will likely remain unchanged, with Mohamed Salah the third member of the attack. The Egyptian looked out-of-sorts on Saturday, squandering a number of glorious opportunities from close range and remarkably failing to register any of Liverpool's nine goals. With Diogo Jota still sidelined through injury, last season's joint Premier League Golden Boot winner is unlikely to see his place come under threat. The 30-year-old will be desperate to redeem himself in front of an adoring Anfield crowd on Wednesday night. Predicted Liverpool XI in full: Alisson; Alexander-Arnold, Gomez, Van Dijk, Tsimikas; Fabinho, Henderson, Carvalho; Salah, Firmino, Diaz. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here