After bizarrely complaining that Nicola Sturgeon is abandoning voters in England (isn’t that the whole point of the SNP?), she told an Edinburgh audience that without the help of Scottish voters England would have endless Conservative rule. And wouldn’t that be awful? Well, I’m not sure that would be awful. But what Ms Rayner doesn’t say, because such truth hurts her, is the reverse: that England is constantly dragged leftwards because of Scotland. In fact, without Scotland, the spectrum of politics in England would shift away from all that leftish-wonky-woke-progressive nonsense that we have now. Think about it. Without the left-leaning Scottish drag on public debate, the Labour Party in England would need to be that much more sensible and centralist. All those silly wokeish fads, from taking the knee and tearing down statues, to teaching tiny children about ‘white privilege’, insisting on diversity training at vast public expense, and state subsidies for organisations like Stonewall, would find far less public backing, and would need to be abandoned by Labour if it was to stand any chance of getting elected. How wonderful would that be? And, far more importantly, there would be no question of edging closer to the EU, which Labour desperately wants, because England (and Wales thank goodness) voted so heavily in favour of Brexit. More than 53 percent of people in England voted Leave, rising to more than 60 percent in some regions. Frankly, in England, outside London, the vote wasn’t even close. All of this should make English voters think long and hard about their country’s place in the Union. Few think that England should actually leave the UK (though I don’t see why that should be so abhorrent when it’s perfectly acceptable to discuss Scotland doing so). But it is increasingly obvious that England should have the same devolution settlement enjoyed by Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. It's a mystery to me why English people accept the constitutional injustice whereby MPs from Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland can vote on English matters without reciprocation. English Votes for English Laws (EVEL) was meant to tackle this, but was then abandoned. And it’s even more of a mystery why the English so willingly accept the Barnett Formula, through which taxpayers’ money goes disproportionately to Scotland every year. There’s more. We English might have had Jerusalem as our gold-medal anthem at the Commonwealth Games (hooray!) but, unlike Scotland and Wales, we normally have to make do with the British national anthem before sporting events. And whereas there’s a BBC Scotland and a BBC Wales, there is no BBC England. Why do the English allow this to happen? It’s the chicken and the egg. Because the English have no democratic representation of their own, there’s no voice to insist on it. The solution is to short-circuit the problem, and create an English Parliament. Yet this is rarely discussed in polite company. The Tories fear it’ll threaten the Union (actually, it would correct an injustice) and Labour fears it would be dominated by Conservatives. So it never happens. Yet it’s essential. I’d like to see a referendum on it right away. And I’m not alone. YouGov has surveyed this for years, and finds that around 45 percent of people support the idea, despite almost zero publicity and no backing from any major political party (chicken and egg again). So perhaps we should listen to Angela Rayner. But rather than leap to her self-serving conclusion – that Scotland is abandoning England to Conservative rule – we should look at it, for once, with English hats on. Should we insist on an official English national anthem, just like the Scots and Welsh have theirs? Absolutely. Should we have a BBC England, just like the Scots and Welsh enjoy their own versions? You bet. And, crucially, should we have a parliament, like the Scottish Parliament and Welsh Assembly? Right away. It's time we English stopped being so uncomplaining about the UK’s anti-English imbalance, like it’s a badge of honour to shrug it off. It’s time we got angry. It’s time we got mad to get even. It’s time to throw Rayner’s comments back in her face.