Shetland has returned for season seven, and fans were thrilled to see lead detective Jimmy Perez (played by Douglas Henshall) and his sidekick Tosh (Alison O'Donnell) back to solve another mysterious murder. However, ahead of the BBC drama, actor Douglas shocked fans after announcing the latest series would be his last as Jimmy Perez. Fans were left reeling from the news, and many have come up with theories about how the detective will leave the show. While some are hopeful he will walk off into the sunset with his new love interest, others predict he could meet a sinister ending. Speaking in a new interview, the actress who plays Tosh opened up about her co-star's departure. She went on to tease a lot of "twists" in series seven and even appeared to confirm a character's death. READ MORE: Shetland fans 'work out' Jimmy Perez replacement as "This series is jam-packed with twists and high-octane drama," Alison began. before adding: "It's not to be missed! "Our guest cast is absolutely outstanding, as ever, and there are some big moments for the core cast too, with Perez's ending and another series regular being thrown into serious jeopardy." Discussing Douglas' decision to leave the BBC drama, the Tosh star admitted: "I am honestly bereft. "Having the privilege of working so closely with Dougie for all these years was an insane luxury. "I'm trying to be grateful for everything we experienced together rather than focussing on the obvious sadness. "I'm also incredibly proud of what we achieved together, and I know he is too." Alison and Douglas have starred in Shetland since the series began in 2013. Speaking about what she thinks makes the show so successful, Alison said: "For me, the most important thing about a TV show, the thing that will make me connect and keep coming back, is a well-defined world that I want to spend time in. DON'T MISS... NCIS LA’s Deeks star in shock outburst as scene goes wrong  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' exit twist for Kerry Wyatt [REACTION]Coronation Street fans ‘work out’ real reason Spider returned  [SPOILERS] "I think we have created a world that is unique and really atmospheric. "The beautiful landscapes, the intriguing stories and, of course, the characters who have really grown over the years." The first episode of Shetland picked up where season six left off, with Jimmy being accused of having involvement in Donna Killick's (Fiona Bell) death. The detective may have been let off the hook, but his pal Duncan (Mark Bonnar) wasn't so lucky as he continues to serve his prison sentence while awaiting his trial date. Despite the drama with Duncan, Tosh and Jimmy are presented with a new missing person case. The series centres on missing teenager Connor (Nick Nunn), who randomly disappeared after his book launch. Connor's mum Rachel Cairns (Shauna Macdonald) and her husband Danny (Andrew Whipp) were left worried when the teenager didn't return, so a huge police search was launched. Jimmy and Tosh later discovered a body in the boot of a car on the beach, which they think could be Connor's. Although, they soon discovered it was the body of Connor's girlfriend, and so, the disappearance of the youngster remains a mystery. Shetland returns on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC One.