Coasting takes place when a vehicle travels in neutral or when the driver presses and holds the clutch down. However, many motorists are unaware that they could be fined for practicing the technique if it leads to an accident. Coasting is covered under rule 122 of the Highway Code and can cause drivers to lose control of the vehicle. Engine braking is eliminated when coasting and can lead to the speed increasing quickly when travelling downhill. READ MORE: Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for not using air con Drivers may also see a reduction in the effectiveness of the footbrake with the steering response also being affected. This can become a serious issue, especially when travelling through bends and corners. Failure to have proper control of a vehicle can result in a potential fine of £1,000 and a discretionary disqualification. The fine can be raised to £2,500 if driving a larger vehicle like a bus, coach or a HGV. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of two years in prison for driving after summer rain [WARNING] Elderly driver left furious after receiving 'unfair' £90 fines [INSIGHT] Drivers warned of 'risky' fuel-saving tricks that may cause collisions [REVEAL] John Wilmot, chief executive of LeaseLoco, added that coasting may be affected by new technology in cars. He said: “Coasting is no longer beneficial to energy efficiency due to the fuel system in the majority of modern cars. “When we drive downhill in gear, our engine ECU detects that the accelerator isn’t engaged and cuts fuel from going into the fuel injectors. “We use no fuel or very little when driving downhill in gear. READ MORE: Relief for UK drivers as petrol prices drop below 175p a litre “However, when we drive downhill in neutral, our engine and wheels become disconnected. “This forces a small amount of fuel to be sent to the engine due to the car not receiving the rotational power it needs from the wheels, instead of drawing that power directly from the wheels.” The news comes after drivers were warned about huge £5,000 fines they risk receiving for not using air con during heatwaves. Not using the air con in hot weather could see drivers break rule 237 of the Highway Code. The rule states that motorists must keep their cars “well ventilated”. The rule came into force to make sure that drivers avoid drowsiness when they’re in control of a car. If motorists fail to adhere to the guidance and subsequently lose control of their vehicle they risk a fine of up to £5,000 in the most serious cases. As a result of this, motorists are urged to keep their vehicles “well ventilated” as the temperatures remain extremely high. This is advised to ensure that drivers avoid becoming drowsy and potentially losing concentration when at the wheel.