Help to Save is a savings account which offers a 50 percent bonus to the amount that is deposited. Savers can put in up to £50 a month, with a potential bonus of £1,200 over the four years that the account is open. The scheme is open to people on Universal Credit and Working Tax Credit. Some 359,000 Help to Save accounts have been opened to date, with more than 85 percent of account holders making some contribution. People can take money out, but this will affect the bonus payment, which is determined by the highest amount that is paid in. Savers are not obliged to pay in each month. READ MORE: NatWest scam alert: Fraudsters pretend to be from bank or HMRC    People can save between £1 and £50 each month. To receive the maximum £1,200 bonus, a person would need to put away £50 a month for four years. The bonus is paid at the end of year two and year four, and is deposited into an easy access account. A person who put in the maximum £50 a month over the four years would have a balance of £2,400, with a bonus of £1,200. DON'T MISS State pensioners urged to claim extra £279 a week as energy bills rise [ALERT]Top 10 savings accounts for regular savers right now [UPDATE]British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 [WARNING] Just 6.5 percent of those on Universal Credit currently have an account, according to data obtained by investment group AJ Bell. Only 2.5 percent of claimants who have an account open are paying in the maximum amount. Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell, said: “Lots of people aren’t aware of the perks on offer if they were able to put a bit away each month. “This is coupled with the fact that lots of people on benefits just don’t have spare money to put away each month, even if they wanted to. READ MORE: 30 things people on DWP benefits can get for free in August “These figures also pre-date the current cost of living crisis, and it’s inevitable that the number of people saving the maximum £50 a month will slump this year, as will the number of people using the scheme at all.” Ms Suter said that Help to Save has been poorly advertised by the Government. She said: “Had the scheme been better publicised in recent years, more households would have been incentivised to save regularly and would have had a rainy day fund going into the current financial crunch. “The Government has put minimal money behind marketing Help to Save, meaning many of those who had cash to spare in the past few years didn’t realise they could get this generous boost to their savings.” A spokesman for HMRC told Express.co.uk that it has consistently promoted the scheme since it began. Promotional efforts have included press releases, social media posts and text messages. The spokesman said: “The Help to Save scheme supports hundreds of thousands of people on low incomes to save for their future, with more than £250 million deposited in accounts since the scheme opened.” Ministers have also worked with the Martin Lewis Money Show Live and BBC Radio 4’s You and Yours to promote the scheme.