Pictures from the quadrennial games, hosted in Birmingham, show 18-year-old Louise with her brother James, Viscount Severn, 14, and their parents, Sophie, the Countess of Wessex and Prince Edward. Royal experts have regularly claimed that the young Wessex royals are the Queen's favourite grandchildren. On August 1, Edward, Sophie, Louise and James were pictured being greeted outside the Birmingham games before heading into the NEC to watch weightlifting, badminton and boxing contests. It came just days after the Earl and Countess of Wessex headed to the games on Friday, with Edward attending in his role as Vice-Patron of the Commonwealth Games Federation. Buckingham Palace has confirmed that the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall, as well as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Princess Royal, and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester will visit the sporting venues, attend a range of fixtures, and meet athletes, volunteers and support staff helping at the Games. In a Twitter post, the Royal Family said the Wessex royals were watching a Badminton game at the National Exhibition Centre. It was reported by the Evening Standard in May 2022 that the Queen is “incredibly close” with Louise. A source told the outlet: “She is level-headed, thoughtful and kind, and reminds the Queen of herself as a young woman. "The Queen loves the fact that Louise and James relish their time at Balmoral, and she has become particularly close to Louise, who seems to have become her favourite grandchild, closely followed by James." Louise and James share a passion for horses and the outdoors, with the Queen also supportive of Louise’s artist endeavours and even letting her look through some of the collection of Queen Victoria’s Highlands sketches, which are kept locked away at Balmoral. Louise is also said to be adored by Prince William and Kate Middleton, who is also her cousin-in-law. During their annual Balmoral trips, Louise reportedly takes it upon herself to look after Princess Charlotte. In 2021, the Evening Standard reported Louise taught Charlotte to draw pictures of rabbits and deer, which was greatly appreciated by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. In interviews, Sophie confirmed she and Edward came to the decision in order to allow their children a relatively “normal” life. The Wessex children were given HRH titles at birth which they could choose to use when they turned 18, but so far, Louise has chosen not to do so. Speaking to Vanity Fair, the Princess Royal reflected on the decision, saying: "I think it was probably easier for them, and I think most people would argue that there are downsides to having titles. So I think that was probably the right thing to do." It comes after Royal historian Dr Ed Owens suggested the 22nd instalment of the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham could help bring together the 56-member nations during a time of political turmoil. Dr Owens, who penned 'The Family Firm: Monarchy, Mass Media and the British Public, 1932-1953' told i: "I think we have got to distinguish the Commonwealth and the Commonwealth Games from the reaction in the Caribbean, which is first and foremost because they no longer want a royal head of state. "That’s not to say that once they get rid of their royal head of state, in the Queen or King Charles III, that they don’t remain part of the Commonwealth. "I think the Commonwealth Games is one of those things that actually sort of reinvigorates the identity of the Commonwealth. "It brings together this group of 56 nations in full view of the global public and suggests that there is some fundamental thing holding us together, in this case the power of sport, to bring people together, the power of sport as a sort of a unifying force."