Depending on where you live, how quickly your house sale is snapped up by a prospective buyer varies according to new research from Pink Storage. Homeowners in Bristol could sell their homes in an average of “105 days”, while those in London's W1 postcode could be waiting up to “1,521 days". As housing prices begin to fall, with the Bank of England predicting a 10 percent plummet in the next year, those looking to flip a property might be keen to snap up a sale sooner rather than later. However, everything from curb appeal to interior design can hinder your chances, and according to experts, there are some specific paint shades which could be “off-putting” to viewers. Hammonds Furniture surveyed 2,000 UK adults on their feelings towards interior design during house viewings and discovered that a property’s interior style is a top priority for two out of five prospective buyers, with many even willing to fork out more cash to secure a property in their preferred style. A minimalist style is the most popular among house hunters, with the average person saying they’d be prepared to offer £3.6k above the asking price for a home with this aesthetic. READ MORE: Kate & William soon to make move to Windsor - inside Adelaide Cottage Speaking to Express.co.uk Elaine Penhaul, a home staging expert and director of Lemon & Lime Interiors explained: “Neutral colour schemes are still dominating the interior world, particularly calming pastel shades. “It’s amazing to see so many options available on the high street. “Farrow and Ball shades are a favourite of ours as not only is the paint a good quality, but they have every shade to suit. “ Though she says a paint colour won’t necessarily “make or break a sale”, some key colours could ruin some of your home's best features. Furthermore, according to Hammond’s research, nearly a third of respondents said they would offer below the asking price for a home decorated in a maximalist style. Deeper, more intense colours typically used in this interior style were voted as being "the least calming for use within the home". Just one in fifty find dark purple to be relaxing and just three percent find hot pink to be relaxing. Dark teal and red are other unpopular choices. Ms Penhaul explained: “Choosing a colour theme for your walls, however, won’t necessarily make or break a sale, but a bold striking colour - for example, black or a bright red or yellow, can be very off-putting and even make the room feel much smaller than it actually is. “A strong colour in a main room will make a buyer think there is a lot of work to do if they feel they have to decorate as soon as they move in. “This will put many people off making an offer altogether.” The placement of bolder shades can also make a difference when it comes to buyer appeal. Ms Penhaul said: “Often, some of the clients we work with prefer a neutral style downstairs in the living area but choose a deeper shade upstairs in their bedroom. “Deep blues and greys are a popular choice and make the space feel super cosy and warm. “We have seen deep green used with dramatic effect recently, F&Bs Studio Green is fabulous in a period home with west or south-facing light.” Chris Moorehouse, Wickes category director for Timber, Building, Decor and Garden added: “For those wanting to inject full colour into their homes but worried about the effect it may have on property value, choosing a trending colour will add depth and character while still allowing buyers to visualise the house design potential. “Looking out for common trends and shades in magazines and social media is a quick and easy way to do this.” DON'T MISS'Easy changes' to make today to slash energy costs before winter [COMMENT]House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ [INSIGHT]The 'most effective' way to banish yellow stains from whites [EXPLAINER] Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If a potential buyer loves the house chances are there’s nothing a troublesome paint shade will do to deter them. However, depending on their future plans, certain colours can help them to picture a future for the property. Jake Barlow founder of Property Store told Express.co.uk: “I wouldn’t say the way the property is decorated would hinder the sale too much as often potential buyers can overlook a distasteful wallpaper choice or lime green kitchen as realistically those things don’t take a whole lot of work to fix.” However, if you have the budget, he recommends always opting for a “neutral palette” such as “white walls and grey carpets”. He explained: “It helps potential buyers or tenants to be able to visualise themselves living there. “They’re less focussed on whether or not the walls match their existing soft furnishings, so they can truly focus on the size and feel of the space.”