Kate Middleton and Prince William, both 40, took their daughter Princess Charlotte, seven, to the Commonwealth Games on Tuesday as a treat. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were seen pointing at the players and excitingly explaining to Charlotte what was going on. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 57, and Prince Edward, 58, were sitting one row behind the Cambridges with their own children.  The Countess could be seen marvelling over the seven-year-old Princess Charlotte. What was their body language like as an extended family? Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain, and even said that Charlotte has the "best type of uncle and auntie" in Sophie and Edward, not her actual aunt and uncle, i.e., Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. Judi said: "Edward, Sophie and their children look like such a warm, welcoming and fun group with their body language. READ MORE: Expert spots subtle clue Duchess is ‘faking it’ with her body language "As Kate, William and Charlotte arrive to take their seats in front, Sophie and Edward are defined as the best type of uncle and auntie, going out of their way to make the Cambridges know they are surrounded by fond family members. "Sophie’s welcome to little Charlotte is to lean right forward to get as close to her height as possible to create rapport rather than sitting upright and smiling down on her. "She looks totally engaged with Charlotte here. "Her dimpled smile and eye-gaze signal she’s delighted to be seeing her again," the expert suggested. How does Prince Edward's body language compare with his wife, Sophie's? Judi explained: "Both Sophie and Edward’s children throw friendly smiles at Charlotte. "But it’s Edward who is the soppiest here, doing a fun ‘baby wave’ in Charlotte’s direction as though this is a joke they both share." What does Sophie do to signal a close relationship with Charlotte?  READ MORE: Kate ditches engagement ring for Games Judi opined: "Sophie not only performs what is called an ‘act of inconvenience’ by leaning low to welcome Charlotte, but she also sends signals of similar effort greeting William. "Holding her right arm out in a mimed hug that may or may not become a full hug, she goes out of her way with her own pose to register affection for her nephew here." Princess Charlotte was adorable as she pulled different faces during the Games. This was a special treat for the Princess, as she missed out on the Euro 2022 Women's Final on Sunday.  The young Princess wore a Rachel Riley black and white dress. The dress retailed for just £39. Meanwhile, Kate wore a jaw-dropping Alexander McQueen white suit. The Duchess of Cambridge had previously worn this suit during her Caribbean royal tour.