Julia Fox, a former dominatrix who later starred in the movie Uncut Gems, insisted that children should learn early how to clean the house and should be bought their own mops as a replacement for action toys. Declaring that raising children has been turned into a capitalist trap to part parents from their money, the 32-year-old mother-of-one added that her son has no interest in his toys and prefers to watch whichever household tasks she is doing. The former girlfriend of rapper Kanye West claimed: "The idea of childhood was invented as a way to get parents to spend a lot of money on s*** that's not really teaching your kid anything." She added: "I suggest that everyone buy their kid a mini-mop and mini-broom and start teaching them those life skills really young. "[That way] when they enter the real world they don't have to outsource everything, and they know how to do things for themselves." Julia shuns the modern way of treating children and insists that childhood as we know it today is a "new concept". READ NOW: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life  She also claimed that, prior to the "18th century", kids were "just regarded as little adults". Though the idea of her 19-month-old son Valentino preferring to emulate her doing the household tasks than play with the toys she has bought him might seem surprising, Julia insists that is the truth. She posted a photo of the pair together, his forehead and cheeks smeared with lipstick from her kisses. Julia shared her observations on childcare techniques in a TikTok video, while wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the words "Bad Sl*t". The Italian-American model and actress also revealed that she had conceived her son on the rooftop of her New York apartment. She had been married to his father, Brooklyn-based private pilot Peter Artemiev, before divorcing last year. The video displayed a very different side to the one her fans have been accustomed to seeing. Her barely there outfit choices have been going viral this year, including one occasion when she walked through the carpark of a Los Angeles grocery store in her bra and pants, having stripped off and transformed her jeans into a handbag. Other risque outfits have included a latex one-piece with huge cut-outs connected together with little more than thin strips of wire. Meanwhile the famous violin tattoo on her back has also had outings courtesy of Julia's low-rise jeans and backless tops. Plus she stepped out with Kim Kardashian's ex-husband Kanye West in a variety of eyebrow-raising outfits, before eventually splitting with him after a few months. Meanwhile Perfect magazine revealed a raunchy shoot with her for its latest NSFW edition. While veteran actress Nicole Kidman flexed her rippling muscles for the standard issue, in which she was declared a "perfect icon", Julia's photo shoot has a different atmosphere, seeing her dramatically spit water across the room. Behind the scenes footage from the shoot saw Julia return to her dominatrix roots. She also growled on hands and knees and appeared to bite on a fluffy teddy bear. Meanwhile Julia, who has a photobook project coming next year, joked to Variety: "Don’t give that girl a stage, because I’ll just run with it!"