The popular BBC show Call The Midwife is currently filming for season 12, with fans expecting to see its return next year. However, it has since been reported that bosses were forced to halt filming after a medical incident happened on the set.  A resident who lives by Longcross Film Studios in Surrey, where the period drama is filmed, claimed they saw the ambulances whizz past. “I was shocked," the resident said when asked about the incident. “It looked like something you’d see on a TV show but it was obviously a real incident being taken incredibly seriously." They went on to tell The Sun that everyone in the area was talking about it as it’s something they don’t usually see.    Ahead of the new series, show boss Heidi Thomas revealed the first episode in series 12 will coincide with Enoch Powell’s famous speech about rivers of blood. She stated the show felt as though they couldn't ignore the speech as it changed the way that people from different backgrounds acted with one another. Along with a new character set to star in the new series, fans will be pleased to know that core cast member Trixie (played by Helen George) is making a comeback. BBC viewers last saw the nurse at the end of episode five in season 11 after she made a sudden exit to look after an ill family member.    Although her departure left fans wondering what would happen between her and her love interest Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix). Over the past few episodes, Call The Midwife fans watched as their friendship started to develop into something more. Now with Trixie’s return imminent, showrunner Heidi teased that a wedding could be on the horizon. “Something rather wonderful happens to Trixie," the showrunner teased to Radio Times.   “Lucile has to contend with a reasonable amount of sadness, and what else can I say?" “We have a new nun coming to join the line-up, Sister Veronica," Heidi added. Since it was confirmed that Trixie would be returning to the show in May, fans were speculating online that a wedding would be on the cards for her and Matthew. The show’s official Twitter shared a behind-the-scenes show of Trixie ahead of the Christmas special which will air later this year.   Captioning it: “Behind the scenes on the #CallTheMidwife Christmas Special 2022: Trixie prepares..." (sic) Fans quickly rushed to share their excitement by suggesting there will be a wedding on the show. Excited fans rushed to reply to the snap, with Sarah Glaze commenting: “A Christmas wedding perhaps?” Jane Ireland pleaded: “Oh, please let it be a wedding for Trixie and Matthew." Express.co.uk has reached out to the BBC for comment. Call the Midwife is available to stream on BBC iPlayer  