Kevin Costner is currently filming the fifth season of Paramount Network’s record-breaking drama Yellowstone in Montana. However, the Oscar winner took a break from shooting alongside the likes of on-screen daughter Kelly Reilly and on-screen son Luke Grimes to take a moment to remember the late Ray Liotta with a sweet tribute following his death in May this year. Ray and Kevin’s friendship had been strong ever since the duo starred as Shoeless Joe Jackson and Ray Kinsella respectively in the 1989’s Field of Dream. With the MLB heading to the iconic location this week, Kevin decided the milestone was the perfect chance to pay homage to his pal. In view of his 883k Instagram followers, the Yellowstone star penned: “In honor of MLB at Field of Dreams this week, I wanted to share some memories from the movie but more importantly remember the amazing Ray Liotta. “‘Shoeless Joe Jackson’ will be out there with all of us for a great night of baseball in the fields of Iowa.” READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Governor Perry star sparks meltdown with peek And before long, the John Dutton star soon found himself inundated with reactions from his fans echoing his sentiment. Instagram user @pbastek54 said: “Loved him. Loved the movie. Watch it at least once a year.” While @sharnaughton praised: “That scene God set up, while you dodged that line drive hit from Ray, just confirmed how great this movie IS. Enjoy your time and thanks for sharing..” Elsewhere, @mariateresamichel6 simply replied to Costner: “Great movie Mr Ray Liotta Rest In Peace.” And @andiegram55 echoed: “Such a great movie, watched it quite a few times. Had a little Ray Liotta tribute night there and watched it just after he passed.” Ray died in May 2022 in his sleep while filming in the Dominican Republic for the film, Dangerous Waters. Kevin addressed the news of his death at the time with another throwback to their Field of Dream days as he shared another message detailing his “devastation”. On May 26, Kevin penned: “Devastated to hear the news of @rayliotta’s passing. DON'T MISS:1923 Yellowstone release: When is the Yellowstone spin-off out?Yellowstone’s Colby star sparks frenzy with reunion photo Yellowstone’s Kelly Reilly welcomes new addition for season 5 “While he leaves an incredible legacy, he’ll always be ‘Shoeless Joe Jackson’ in my heart. “What happened that moment in the film was real. God gave us that stunt. Now God has Ray.” Nowadays, Kevin is filming Yellowstone in Montana, bringing Taylor Sheridan’s story of John Dutton and his quest to protect his ranch to life. Season five promises to be one of the most action-packed yet for John and the Duttons given the explosive cliffhanger of season four. This time around, John will be in the running for Governor of Montana, blindsiding adoptive son Jamie (Wes Bentley) in the process. Not only that but he faces a tough struggle within the romance side of things too, with new flame Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo) facing a lengthy stint behind bars thanks to daughter Beth’s (Kelly Reilly) meddling. On top of all that, the Yellowstone Ranch faces the continuing threat of takeover by Market Equities, meaning John will have to be on his A-game to keep everything in his family’s favour. But will he be able to do so or will season five be one stretch too many for John and the future of the ranch? Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. A UK release date is yet to be announced.