Jordan and Chanita are two of this year's Married at First Sight singletons who are hoping to find love on the E4 show. So what happened to the couple who were paired together by the experts? Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about Jordan and Chanita now. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS. Married at First Sight fans couldn't be more excited to see the explosive E4 reality series back for another outing. The UK version premieres on Sunday, August 29, with the first two couples Jordan and Chanita, and Duka and Whitney getting hitched. It's too early to state what their current relationship status is as filming has wrapped up and the show is only just starting to air. But for now, at least, Jordan and Chanita are together and from first impressions, it does appear there could be some potential. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit Account manager Jordan, 29, describes himself as a "fun person" who doesn't like to take life too seriously. He is very close to his mum and admits to FaceTiming with her every day, stating that she is the "original love of his life". So anyone he does marry must get his mum's seal of approval if they are going to make things work. He first lays eyes on the woman in question, 29-year-old social worker Chanita from Derby, as she walks down the aisle. Chanita was also raised just by her mum and while they haven't always had the closest of relationships due to a "bully" of an ex-partner, they are now closer than ever. Clearly excited for this match, expert Paul C Brunson said before the wedding: "Chanita and Jordan are such a good match, two people coming from similar backgrounds. "Chanita, her mum had her when she was 16 and Jordan also comes from a single-parent household and they've learned from that to make them the people they are today." Going by their wedding, there are some positive signs which could prove the experts right. DON'T MISS...Cornwall residents furious with TV show that helps find dream home [EXPLAINER]Duka and Whitney MAFS: What happened to Duka and Whitney? [CAST]Where are the MAFS UK 2021 couples now? [REVEALED] Upon their first meeting, Jordan and Chanita nervously hug each other and laugh. In separate interviews, they comment on each other's eyes and Jordan said: "She looks beautiful in the dress." There was another nervous moment when she was left alone with Jordan's mum who wanted to know more about the woman her son just married. Thankfully, she seemed to take to Chanita straight away and told Jordan she felt relaxed. In his speech, Jordan got choked up when he talked of his beloved nan who passed away. Chanita saw her husband was struggling to get through the speech so got up with him to give Jordan a hug which their loved ones cooed at. So there are plenty of good moments which point to a potential romantic future for this pair. MAFS UK continues nightly at 9pm on E4.