Chelsea have launched a sensational £77million bid to sign RB Leipzig star Josko Gvardiol, according to reports. The Blues are hoping to complete a deal with only 36 hours to go before the transfer window shuts that will see Thomas Tuchel land one of his top targets, although the Croatian defender would join Chelsea in 2023 as part of the agreement rather than heading to London straight away. According to Fabrizio Romano, Chelsea have offered £77m (€90m) for the former Dinamo Zagreb trainee and the bid is under consideration by the Bundesliga club with just 36 hours of the transfer window remaining, with talks 'ongoing' between the two clubs and at an 'advanced' stage. Despite the impending £70m arrival of Wesley Fofana from Leicester, the west London club are set to make another significant investment in their defence by pursuing a deal for Gvardiol, with talks ongoing between the two clubs after they received Chelsea's proposal on Tuesday. Tuchel has been a long-term admirer of the 20-year-old, who can play as a left-sided centre-back or left-back, and was keen to bring in Gvardiol earlier in the transfer window. However, Leipzig closed the door on his potential departure, underlining his value to the team. READ MORE: Man City may get Chelsea revenge as 'transfer discussed' for target Gvardiol had also made it clear he would be happy to stay in Germany but the promising centre-back is understood to be privately keen on a move to the Premier League, amid interest from Chelsea and Manchester City. Now it seems that he could get his wish on both fronts, spending another season to develop in Germany with Leipzig before making the move to join Chelsea next summer. It is similar to the deal the club sanctioned in 2019 that saw Christian Pulisic move from Borussia Dortmund, having spent the second half of the season on loan with the Black Yellow. But given that the amount would register as Chelsea's third-most expensive transfer in their history, it is yet another sign of Todd Boehly's intent to ensure Tuchel is happy with signing players that fit his vision for the club's future. DON'T MISSChelsea's Tuchel makes desperate 'Gvardiol phone call'De Jong spotted 'jetting off to London' amid Chelsea and Man Utd linksChelsea 'discuss Zaha swoop' but = Boehly already has plan Boehly has already spent close to £200m on six new signings including Raheem Sterling, Marc Cucurella and Kalidou Koulibaly. That figure is expected to soar past £250m when Fofana's signing is completed, with the 21-year-old undergoing a medical in the USA before clinching his transfer which is expected to be confirmed on deadline day. And if they are successful in luring Gvardiol to Stamford Bridge, it would take Chelsea's spending on defenders alone to around £240m. The club lost Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen on free transfers over the summer, sparking a major investment from American billionaire after pledging to invest heavily following the completion of his £4.25bn takeover. But with Boehly at the helm, Chelsea now look set to raise the bar to a new world record for spending in a transfer window if they sign Gvardiol before the August 31 deadline.