Omicron BA.5 has cemented itself as the dominant Covid variant in the UK as well as around the world. This strain has been linked to a fast reinfection with experts warning that patients might get struck down with the virus within a few weeks of the initial recovery again. Dr Taylor is one of the people who experienced this speedy reinfection rate. Taking to Twitter, she wrote: “I had no issues continually catching Covid until this year. Until Omicron. “Why would there not be cross immunity if they are all apparently the same variant with different numbers? “I seem to be working my way through them all. “It strikes me as very unusual and very concerning not to retain immunity longer than eight weeks to a virus I’ve had at least twice before but possibly more. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Dry skin in this area could be a sign of high levels - 'Contact a GP'  “Omicron is a different game altogether. It’s highly infectious with multiple forms now.” The doctor sees Covid-positive patients “day in and day out” which is why she’s been unlucky to catch the virus for the third time this year. Although Omicron has completely redefined the traditional Covid symptoms, patient reports have helped to form a new list of signs to look out for. From sore throat to headache, the Omicron strains are characterised by causing less severe signs that are similar to cold and flu. According to the NHS, the full list of Omicron symptoms in adults can include: However, Zoe Covid Study App reports that fully vaccinated patients might experience slightly different symptoms. Collecting data from their Covid-positive users, the research app identified five symptoms that were especially common in those with their jab. READ MORE: 'I knew I was going to hear it one day' Sarah Beeny on the cancer diagnosis she expected See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest The signs seen by the researchers in fully jabbed patients included: Recently, Professor Tim Spector who is behind the Zoe App shared that signs like loss of smell and altered smell are less common in Omicron BA.5. Speaking on Zoe’s YouTube, the professor explained that the most common symptoms right now seem to be sore throat and headache. Dr Taylor added that Omicron presents a “problem” and the virus will only keep mutating. She said: “We have a highly infectious virus that can damage blood vessels, it’s spreading freely. “In 14 years of doctoring, I have had a couple of viral infections. A couple. “Most docs do not continually come down with infections. Being constantly bombarded with infections for years my immune system has served me well. “We know Covid increases your risk of a heart attack or stroke or blood clot in the year after having it. What on earth happens if you get it every couple of months?!”