“If you're experiencing hair thinning, you must have a healthy and nutritious diet,” said hair expert Nicole Petty from Milk + Blush. “The foods you eat have a direct impact on the growth, strength, and volume of your hair.” What’s more, one protein-packed food makes for an especially great choice. While there are plenty of exotic fruits that are linked to better hair health, hair-boosting food doesn’t need to cost you an arm and a leg. In fact, there’s one especially potent option that might already be part of your weekly menu. Petty said: “To ensure maximum hair health and prevent hair loss, you should eat plenty of protein and iron-rich foods. “One food, in particular, that is great for combatting hair loss is red meat, e.g. beef, lamb and pork.” READ MORE: Liver disease: The ‘early’ symptom that shows up at night - 'see your GP' The reason why this type of meat is so beneficial comes down to its “high-quality” protein content - “it contains all essential amino acids”. Petty continued: “Hair follicles are mostly made up of a protein called keratin, so when you consume an adequate amount of protein - the hair produces higher levels of keratin, enabling the hair to repair and grow. “Similarly, consuming plenty of iron through red meat consumption allows your body to produce more haemoglobin. “Haemoglobin is a protein in your red blood cells that carries oxygen to repair cells in your body to help them grow - stimulating hair follicles and promoting growth.”  The hair expert advised having around 100 grams of lean read meat, two to three times a week. This amount should help you absorb the “maximum” amount of iron needed to stimulate your hair follicles. What’s more, Petty even recommended how to prepare your meat as well as what to combine it with to maximise the benefits. She said: “To get the maximum benefits and lock in essential nutrients, ensure you pick a lean cut of meat, keep any pieces fairly large and try to cook slowly and at a lower temperature. READ MORE: Vitamin B12: The sign of low levels to spot in your feet when they're 'under a blanket' “Pair lean red meat with plenty of leafy greens, such as spinach, broccoli and kale, to boost your iron intake. “Spinach is a fantastic all-rounder for your health and hair - the superfood has often been linked to promoting hair and scalp health, thanks to its abundance of folates, iron, and vitamin A. “Additionally, adding biotin-rich foods like cauliflower and mushrooms can help to improve your body’s keratin infrastructure.” However, if you don’t eat meat, your hair can still benefit from other protein sources. Petty suggested reaching for the likes of dairy products, eggs, legumes and nuts. “Essentially, we shouldn't shy away from any form of protein, as low-protein diets can lead to limited hair growth,” she added. While combatting your hair loss could be as easy as boosting your protein intake, there are various triggers for excessive hair shedding. The NHS explains that between iron deficiency and permanent baldness, your hair loss could also be caused by a medical condition. That’s why the health service recommends seeing a GP if: Your doctor should be able to determine the right cause and advise you about possible treatments.