Christine McGuinness has apologised to fans for being quiet on social media after suffering from two devastating losses. The star revealed her beloved nan had died just weeks after she announced she was splitting from her Top Gear host husband Paddy. In view of her 682k followers, Christine wrote: “Thank  you to every single one of you who have checked in on me recently [sic]. “I appreciate you”. She then posted a stunning video of herself in a bikini at the beach in Devon, revealing she had filmed “magic” there. In the next slide, Christine continued: “I know I’m being quieter on here, I hope to be back set properly soon. “I'm just needing time out, thinking lots, life is short, unpredictable and sometimes crazy. “My Nan, the one with the words of wisdom, she joined grandad in heaven last week and it's hit me harder than I ever imagined,” Christine wrote, alongside a broken heart emoji. Then my dad turned 60… if you have read my story, you will understand why this is huge, I can't help but wonder how he made it this far. “But I'm so grateful he is here even with his struggles. I'm thankful for that. “Anyway, life is crazy, we're half way through the school summer holidays again, if you know… you know! “I'm slightly exhausted, but happy, healthy and grateful for life,” the star signed off. Just last month, Christine and Paddy announced they were going their separate ways after weeks of speculation. The news came after the couple went on a make or break holiday with their three children. DON'T MISS...Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games [TV] 'Nipple popped out' Love Island star Ekin-Su's 'wardrobe malfunction' [PICTURES] Lewis Hamilton ‘learned the hard way’ after Nicole Scherzinger romance [INSIGHT] In a joint statement, they penned: "We hadn't planned on sharing this publicly until we were ready but after the lack of privacy surrounding our personal life, we felt we were left with no other option. "A while ago we took the difficult decision to separate but our main focus is always to continue loving and supporting our children. "This was not an easy decision to make but we're moving forward as the best parents we can be for our three beautiful children." They continued: "We'll always be a loving family, we still have a great relationship and still live happily in our family home together. "We hope this now draws a line under anymore unwanted and unnecessary intrusion into our private life." They finished: "Although we work in the public eye, we ask kindly if you could respect our wishes for privacy on this matter. We'll be making no further comment. "Loads of love. Paddy & Christine."