The former US President yesterday said his Florida home was raided by the FBI. In a statement, he said a “large group” of agents were at his home and had broken open a safe. Reports suggest the search was linked to an investigation in Mr Trump’s handling of classified material after he left office. Neither the FBI or the Department of Justice have yet commented on the event. But some are now suggesting this will have bolstered Mr Trump’s desire to work towards re-entering the White House in 2024. Rumours about the Republican’s second bid have been circulating for some time. The businessman has yet to formally announce that his hat is in the ring. This is understood to be due to electoral laws. GB News presenter and friend of Mr Trump Nigel Farage said the raid would “play very heavily in [the possibly presidential hopeful’s] favour”. Mark White, Home and Security Editor for the broadcaster, added that this “may only serve to stiffen his resolve ensuring he does decide to run for office”. Some have suggested that if the raid was part of an investigation into the handling of sensitive documents, and if he were found guilty, this could harm Mr Trump’s chance of forming a presidential bid in the first place. READ MORE: Disease outbreak warning as forgotten deadly illness surges back US conservative commentator Ben Shapiro has, however, highlighted that this is far from the case. He wrote in a post on Twitter: “The statutory penalties for any such violation do not overcome the Constitution definition of qualifications for eligibility.” Mr Trump was at Trump Tower in New York at the time of the FBI raid. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] He said in a statement: “These are dark times for our Nation, as my beautiful home, Mar-A-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida, is currently under siege, raided, and occupied by a large group of FBI agents… “I stood up to America's bureaucratic corruption, I restored power to the people, and truly delivered for our Country, like we have never seen before. The establishment hated it. “Now, as they watch my endorsed candidates win big victories, and see my dominance in all polls, they are trying to stop me, and the Republican Party, once more. “The lawlessness, political persecution, and Witch Hunt must be exposed and stopped.” Mr Trump ended his statement with what could be perceived as a reference to an upcoming presidential bid. He said: “I will continue to fight for the Great American People!”