Speaking on the first episode of her long-awaited podcast, Archetypes, Meghan explained how she had been visiting Nyanga with Prince Harry in 2019. After returning to the accommodation they were staying at following their first public engagement, Meghan and Prince Harry discovered there had been a fire in their son Archie's nursery.  Thankfully, no one was hurt in the incident but Meghan recalled how "everyone was in tears". But despite their ordeal, Meghan claims she was told they had to continue their royal duties for the day. Speaking to friend Serena Williams, she said: "Everyone's in tears, everyone is shaking and what did we have to do? Go and do another official engagement and I said 'this doesn't make any sense can you just tell people what happened?'" Archie, who was just four months old at the time, was thankfully not in the nursery when the heater caught fire.   The eventful September trip was the first the couple had shared since the birth of Archie Harrison and saw the Duke and Duchess meet anti-apartheid activist Bishop Desmond Tutu. Their visit to Nyanga was to meet with The Justice Desk, a group that teaches self-defence and empowerment to vulnerable children, many of whom have suffered trauma. The Duchess recounted asking if they could tell people what had happened, but they decided not to as "the focus ends up being on how it looks instead of how it feels". She added: "And part of the humanising and the breaking through of these labels and these archetypes and these boxes that we are put into, is having some understanding of the human moments behind the scenes that people do not have any awareness of and to give each other a break." READ MORE: Meghan's 'negative connotation for ambition' comment in podcast   Archie had initially been dropped off at the accommodation while parents Harry and Meghan went on to do their first public engagement. Meghan said: "The moment we landed, we had to drop [Archie] off at this housing unit that they had had us staying in. He was going to get ready to go down for his nap. We immediately went to an official engagement in this township called Nyanga, and there was this moment where I'm standing on a tree stump and I'm giving this speech to women and girls." But soon after the engagement, the Duke and Duchess received news that there had been a fire "in the baby's room". She continued: "We get back and our amazing nanny Lauren is in floods of tears. She was supposed to put Archie down for his nap and she just said: 'You know what? Let me just go get a snack downstairs. In that amount of time that she went downstairs, the heater in the nursery caught on fire. DON'T MISS:Fury erupts as Meghan and Harry's summit tickets priced at £3,000 [INSIGHT]EU ‘should’ help Sturgeon’s independence dream with Covid fund [COMMENT]McDonald's CHAOS as mob of 50 youths storms and loots restaurant [PICTURES]  "There was no smoke detector. Someone happened to just smell smoke down the hallway, went in, fire extinguished. He was supposed to be sleeping in there." The first episode of Meghan's long anticipated podcast was released today. The Duchess discussed motherhood with tennis player Serena Williams who she praised for being able to balance her role as a mother and top-performing tennis player. There are more episodes to be released, with this marking the first of 12 in the series where Meghan will speak to a number of women across different generations and industries. "This is Archetypes – the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back," she says in the introduction. I'll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. And I'll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place."