The three royals watched several sporting events while in Birmingham to celebrate the Commonwealth Games, attending five events at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre. Princess Charlotte, seven, could be seen pulling funny faces while watching the sporting events and even stuck her tongue out.  Some royal fans have compared Princess Charlotte to her brother Prince Louis, who went viral during the Queen’s Jubilee due to his cheeky but entertaining behaviour. The princess joined her parents Kate Middleton and Prince William as they watched swimming, hockey and gymnastics. The Royal Family supported England’s representative Luke Turley as they cheered and applauded during the event.  The Cambridges also visited SportsAid, an organisation which aims to support young athletes and which the Duchess is a patron of. Tim Lawler, Chief Executive of SportsAid, hosted the royal trio during their visit to Birmingham University. The Princess shook hands with the SportsAid host and followed her parent’s lead while being introduced to athletes. Mr Lawler described Princess Charlotte as “charming” and said both William and Kate included her in conversations with everyone they met at the event. He said: “She really, really loved seeing the swimming, but she’s interested in the gymnastics, and while they’re trying lots of different sports at home, I understand, when I asked her about sport she answered very easily and said ‘it’s gymnastics that I like’.” READ MORE: Charlotte surprises fans with her grace at Games  The young royal revealed that her favourite sport was gymnastics with the Duchess explaining: “Charlotte spends most of her time upside-down, doing handstands and cartwheels.” Princess Charlotte then went on to participate in an interactive workshop alongside some young athletes where she learned about the benefits of nutrition and restful sleep. At one point, Kate leaned down to comfort the young Princess who covered her eyes when a loud noise went off during the workshop. DON'T MISS: Kate ditches engagement ring for Games [REVEAL]Princess Charlotte looks glum as frustrated royal buries head in hands [INSIGHT]Meghan wedding struggle 'after rude' to aide [REPORT]  The young Princess has made several royal engagements in the last few months.She took part in her first official engagement this year in June alongside her big brother George as the pair went on a tour to Cardiff. Princess Charlotte is proving herself to be a big sports fan as she went viral a few days ago in a heartwarming video with her father Prince William. The pair sent their best wishes to the Lionesses before the Euro 2022 final where the team won 2-1. The Lionesses' official social media account responded to the young royal with a blushing emoji and said “Thank you so much!”. 