Tottenham are expected to reach a full agreement with Villarreal over the transfer of Giovani Lo Celso as Fabio Paratici's focus shifts from signing players to selling those surplus to requirements in north London. The Spurs chief has been instrumental in adding six new faces to Antonio Conte's ranks this summer, but now the emphasis has turned to trimming the squad before the transfer window closes in just over three weeks' time. Having moved to snap up free agents Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic at the start of the summer, Tottenham swiftly signed Yves Bissouma from Brighton and Richarlison from Everton in mega-money deals. Clement Lenglet has since arrived on loan from Barcelona, while Djed Spence has also joined from Middlesbrough. With Conte seemingly content with this summer's recruitment, the focus has now shifted to ridding the squad of those not in the Italian's plans. Cameron Carter-Vickers, Jack Clarke and Steven Bergwijn have already been sold, while Joe Rodon has joined Rennes on loan, and now it seems Lo Celso will be the next to depart. According to Italian journalist Matteo Moretto, Spurs are expected to reach a full agreement with Villarreal over the Argentine midfielder imminently. Lo Celso is understood to desire a return to the La Liga side having enjoyed a successful season on loan with the Yellow Submarine last term and his push to re-join them is thought to be a key factor in contacts between the two clubs. MUST READ: Tottenham 4-1 Southampton: Four things learned as two stars impress Lo Celso joined Spurs back in 2019 on an initial loan from Real Betis, before making the move permanent for a fee in the region of £27m. The midfielder struggled to assert himself as a first-team regular in north London and it became clear he wouldn't be afforded the opportunity to revive his Spurs career after the club left him out of their pre-season tour of South Korea. Villarreal CEO Fernando Roig Negueroles confirmed the Spanish outfit's interest in Lo Celso earlier in the window, but insisted players would have to be sold before the club could fund a potential deal. He admitted: "Up until this moment we have not negotiated or made any offer for Lo Celso, nor have Tottenham offered us anything. DON'T MISS...Diaby to Arsenal 'one to watch' but face same obstacle as NewcastleMan Utd's De Jong deal looks less likely than ever after Brighton lossChelsea target Wesley Fofana in telling Leicester gesture at full-time "We are not negotiating, since to carry out such an operation, there must first be exits. What is being said is not true. Lo Celso is a player who has been happy here and has made us happy, so we would like to continue together. He’s a Tottenham player and it is a very complicated operation as of now, we’re not even in talks." With Lo Celso pushing for the move, the situation has seemingly changed and it only appears a matter of time before the transfer is completed. Tottenham are also understood to be looking to offload Tanguy Ndombele, Harry Winks, Sergio Reguilon and Japhet Tanganga over the coming weeks.