Manchester United head coach Erik ten Hag has admitted he wanted to stop all 11 of his players from coming out for the second half after they shipped four early goals against Brentford. Instead, the Dutchman had to settle with withdrawing three of his poor performers; Luke Shaw, Lisandro Martinez and Fred. Goals from Josh Dasilva, Mathias Jensen, Ben Mee and Bryan Mbeumo saw Brentford race into a four-goal lead inside the opening 35 minutes. Ten Hag was livid and needed to make changes at the break, but could not make as many as he would have liked. "I subbed three but I could've changed them all," said Ten Hag. "We want to bring some fresh energy in the game, so not specific to the ones we sub because I don't think that's honest to them. "I think we all have seen the game and I think Brentford was more hungry. We have to question that and we will do in the coming hours. You can have a good plan but we had to put the plan into the bin. "I think it had nothing to do with tactical and that the first two goals, it's about dealing with the ball, that's one, and decisions. "I think they follow my instructions but they make bad decisions and that's football, it's a game of mistakes and you get punished." Ten Hag opted to use Christian Eriksen out of position as a holding midfielder and he was caught on the ball inside his own penalty area, gifting Brentford an easy second goal. The United boss defended his decision to use the Dane deeper than usual and pinned the blame of the defeat clearly on his players. "Yes, but he didn't have to receive the ball there, because we give options and the players have to choose but we said play long, invite them and play long," Ten Hag explained. "I don't want to play from the back when it's not possible. It was naive how we played today, you have to play more direct. We attracted them, the space was high up the pitch, you have to do that option but that is what we didn't do. "We will learn, we will have to learn, it's not good enough, clear, it's not the level and the standard how we want to act. "We have to question (why Brighton and Brentford were hungrier) that and we will do in the coming hours. We have to do it but it's clear, analyse, it's not possible the opponent is more hungry than you are. I saw in the second half a comeback but you have to start well and it's not good. "They are our players and we are together and we are in a really difficult situation, clear, we have to find solutions." United sit rock bottom of the Premier League after two games and have the daunting task of Liverpool up next.