Liverpool will be feeling the pressure at Anfield on Monday night as they take on Crystal Palace in a match that they will need to win if they are to prevent a bad start to the season hampering their title hopes. Thus, Jurgen Klopp will be relying on some of his rotational players to meet the mark in the upcoming fixtures. Injuries are already becoming an issue in Merseyside, with several midfielders sidelined for the forthcoming matches. Thiago Alcantara is the latest name to be added to the absentees list after hobbling off of the pitch against Fulham last weekend in the 2-2 draw. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is also recovering from a hamstring injury, whilst Curtis Jones is ruled out for a matter of weeks with a calf issue. Therefore, Fabio Carvalho, Harvey Elliott and Naby Keita will be expected to rise to the occasion and ensure that the Reds don’t start the campaign without a win in two. It is likely that one of the aforementioned trio will make up Liverpool’s midfield at Anfield alongside Jordan Henderson and Fabinho, and the impetus will be on them to fuel attacks and be a presence in the final third. James Milner is also available, though the veteran is better suited to a deeper role. JUST IN: Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 stars Carvalho and Elliott have both played as No 10s previously and will be heavily considered to start against Palace, who head into the match on the back of a 2-0 defeat to Arsenal. And whoever does not start in the centre of the park will be equally important to Klopp, as they will be the impact sub in the wide areas. Darwin Nunez impressed when he came off of the bench against Fulham and played as a striker, and his performance should have been enough to displace Roberto Firmino in Klopp’s starting eleven. Thus, if the German boss turns to his bench for reinforcements, Elliott or Carvalho will need to enter the fray and make an impact. Of course, it is rash to call the second week of the campaign a ‘must win’, but it was just one point that separated Liverpool from City last season, and it could come down to the wire again. The two clubs are incredibly evenly matched and the Reds cannot afford to be without a win after playing two matches against non-Big Six sides. Palace have traditionally been a tough match for Liverpool in seasons gone by, so the pressure will be on for Keita, Elliott and Carvalho to ensure that isn’t the case on Monday night. The Reds have not signed a midfielder this summer despite their injury woes, with Klopp thought to be content with his options in that department, so the trio must repay the faith of their manager.