MasterChef star Gregg Wallace, 57, has shared his sadness as he recalled the death of his second wife, Denise Lovall, after she succumbed to her alcohol addiction. The pair first met following his divorce from first wife, Christine, in 1991. READ MORE:Lily James wows in lingerie as Pamela Anderson on Pam & Tommy set "Gregg's idea of being faithful was spending the night with a £500 hooker while I stayed at home and looked after our kids. Basically, he can't keep it in his pants." Following their split, the children stayed with Denise. But, as her alcoholism worsened, Gregg battled for full custody. Recalling that time, the former greengrocer said: “To be honest, I never knew what family meant to me until I had to fight for custody of my children. "One time I took the kids on holiday but their suitcases were full of useless stuff and I had to buy them a whole new set of clothes," he told The Times. DON'T MISSRobert Redford’s heartbreaking note following untimely death of son[INSIGHT]'Pathetic!' Alastair Stewart rages at mocking of Lady Louise[LATEST]Loose Women's Denise Welch, 64, wows in very busty swimsuit snap[PICTURES] Explaining how the tragedy affected him, Gregg continued: “She was so ill and it's so sad... I've had some pretty bad press and people get me wrong."They think I'm a Millwall football hooligan and a womaniser, but I'm not. I like reading history books with a glass of fine wine. And family. Like I say, I love family life."Gregg has now settled down with caterer Anne-Marie Sterpini, who is 21 years his junior, and they share a three-year-old son called Sid.The pair met on Twitter in 2013 after Gregg shared a recipe for rhubarb and duck that intrigued the then-27-year-old Anne-Marie. She slid into his DMs to question the combination and they struck up a conversation. They eventually met up in person and fell in love.They married three years later and Gregg has previously said he feels like he won the “jackpot” with his young wife.He said on Loose Women in 2020: “Honestly, we've never had a row."I always thought love is a bit of a lottery, but I've just hit the jackpot."There's a couple of times I've lost my temper with others, and she's calmed me down."