An awkward video shows Joe Biden struggling to wear his own jacket and asking his wife Jill for help as they step off the Marine One helicopter in Kentucky. Once the US leader manages to get hold of the sleeves, Mr Biden’s signature aviator sunglasses could be seen falling on the tarmac path. President Biden has been dogged by persistent blunders since the early days of his presidency in 2021. The clip captured the moment President Joe Biden had a hard time putting on his navy blue blazer outside the Marine One helicopter as he and his wife Jill headed back to Air Force One to leave Kentucky for Washington DC. As they stepped off the helicopter, the US leader is seen attempting to wear one sleeve, but as soon as he realised the need for help the leader is seen looking at his wife Jill asking for assistance to find the second sleeve. Jill Biden, who was walking right in front of him, is seen turning around and getting closer to her husband to provide assistance. The First Lady managed to help, but as soon as her husband got hold of both sleeves, Biden’s signature aviator sunglasses, balanced precariously on top of his mask, are seen falling on the tarmac path right outside the helicopter. The US President quickly bent to the ground and picked up the glasses. At the moment of the scene, Mr Biden and his wife had just finished their tour in Kentucky to meet families and people affected by the devastating floods recorded in eastern Kentucky on Monday. On their tour, the President and his wife met with first responders and families who had lost their homes on Monday due to major flood episodes in Kentucky. He and the First Lady examined shelled-out buildings and destroyed neighbourhoods in Lost Creek, eastern Kentucky. READ MORE: Inside Ukraine's decentralised cyber army exposing oligarchs Joe Biden pledged more financial support for the most hit by the flood and described the flooding episode as “another sign of dangerous climate change”. Drawing a connection between the flooding episode and climate change, he said: “We've suffered a consequence of climate change, a significant number of weather catastrophes around the nation. This year and a half I've been President, I've flown over 1000s acres of fire. Forest is burning. More forest burned down and in the West and the entire state of New Jersey, New York all the way down”. In a statement to the families, he said: “I promise you. We're staying with the federal government along with the state and county and the city. We're staying until everybody's back to where they were, not a joke. “Everybody has an obligation to help. We have the capacity to do this. It's not like it's beyond our control. The weather may be out of our control for now. But it's not beyond our control”. DON'T MISS: Brexiteer dismisses UK-France task force after Macron ‘plotting’ [WATCH]UK meringue company ends all exports to EU over Brexit 'disaster' [LISTEN]Democrats project their hopes on Meghan to make a Presidential run [INSIGHT] Around 38 popped have died in eastern Kentucky after severe storms dropped 8 to 10.5 inches of rain in only 48 hours. The President and his wife also visited Marie Roberts-Caney Elementary school. In the school gym, Jill Biden was seen helping volunteers sorting and folding donated clothes for the most hit families. It was his first official trip after testing positive for Covid last month. American writer and radio host Clay Travis shared the footage on Twitter and commented: “Joe Biden can’t even put his own jacket on. This is just sad. And it keeps getting sadder”. Following the release, numerous users had their say on the scene. User @Boilers32 commented: “He had Covid. Give him a break”. Another user @mi6tyAl reacted: “Covid makes you unable to put on a jacket? That’s a new one”. READ NEXT: Liz Truss's 'best days ahead of us' pledgeBrexit: Rejoiner Adonis details REAL goal of 'UK’s pro-EU forces'Boris Johnson misled Parliament claims ex-staffDevon cliff dramatically COLLAPSES into beach belowOutrage at new packaging introduced on ASDA food products