Manchester United have hit a snag in the final details of their deal for outgoing Real Madrid star Casemiro. The Brazilian was due to be unveiled by Erik ten Hag and co before the clash against Liverpool on Monday night, but visa issues are set to delay his arrival at Old Trafford. United announced on Friday that they had reached an agreement in principle with Real Madrid for Casemiro. That was cause for celebration among Red Devils fans, who have had to sit through months of fruitless negotiations with Barcelona for fellow midfielder Frenkie de Jong. Casemiro's arrival will plug a crucial gap in Ten Hag's squad and a solid midfield presence should go some way towards steadying the ship after a wayward start to the season. Many would love him to slot straight into the team against Liverpool on Monday, but The Athletic claim that visa issues are set to prevent him from even appearing in the stands. It had been claimed that United hoped to unveil him before kick-off against the Reds in a bid to boost morale among supporters. They did the same thing with Raphael Varane last summer when he, too, signed from Real Madrid. JUST IN: Antony compromise 'being discussed' as Ajax 'axe' Man Utd target after second no-show But Casemiro's arrival will seemingly have to wait, with a trip to Southampton likely to be his debut next Saturday. Ten Hag will hope that the 30-year-old's defensive prowess will free up Christian Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes, as well as providing extra cover for a shaky backline. United fans may already be hoping for damage limitation against Liverpool as their bitter rivals ran out rampant 5-0 winners in last season's fixture. The Red Devils are already floundering this campaign with back-to-back defeats against Brighton and Brentford leaving them bottom of the table. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd receive transfer domino boost from wantaway Chelsea star Hakim Ziyech To combat that, the board appear to have put their foot on the gas in the transfer market amid rumours that an attacker and a right-back could be signed before the September 1 deadline. Sergino Dest has been linked at full-back but the more pressing issue is up top, with Ajax extraordinaire Antony one of Ten Hag's top targets. The Brazilian refused to train with his team-mates on Friday and Saturday as Ajax subsequently took the decision to drop him from their squad to face Sparta Rotterdam. United's latest £67.6million bid was turned down but the Ajax board are reportedly discussing fees that they would be willing to entertain for Antony. "From what I’ve seen of Antony and read about him, he’s an exciting, skilful player who’s done well at Ajax," former United midfielder Luke Chadwick told Caught Offside. "It could make sense for Ten Hag to bring in players he knows and trusts, and that could help in terms of making sure the dressing room is behind you, as I’ve mentioned. "Obviously there are players in that position – Elanga, Rashford, and Sancho, who’s showing better form now and who looks like he has a big long-term future. But you can never have too many good players, so if Antony does come in I’m sure everyone at the club would be fully behind that."