The Ukrainian ambassador, Andriy Melnyk, hurled the insult after the German Chancellor refused to visit Kyiv when the German President wasn’t invited to the Ukrainian capital in a diplomatic snub. Mr Melnyk was recalled to Kyiv in July and is due to leave Germany imminently. At the time, Mr Melnyk called Mr Scholz a "Leberwurst" or "sulky liver sausage" – a German phrase meaning thin-skinned person. During an interview with BILD TV, the ambassador said he would apologise for his comments if given the chance. He said: "If the chancellor would receive me before I leave, then I would apologise to him." However, he didn’t know if he would meet with the German leader before his departure.  He said: "My main wish remains and is to strengthen relations with Germany, even if it hasn't always looked that way." However, he defended his initial criticism of the German Government, particularly on the issue of arms deliveries to Ukraine. He said: "Sometimes, at least, my impression was that it was necessary to raise one's voice and perhaps also to criticise. "Without that, I think German society, including the German public, might not have fully grasped the seriousness of the situation." READ MORE: First image emerges of former Putin ally suddenly taken ill  Mr Melnyk called his position as ambassador to Berlin a "dream job" and refused to speculate on rumours that he would be made Ukraine’s deputy foreign minister. He said: "It's hard for us to say goodbye, it’s been a dream job of mine." He added: "I am preparing to remain in the diplomatic service and also to fight for Ukraine, I am a reserve officer." At the start of the war in Ukraine. Germany was criticised for not immediately sending weapons following Putin’s invasion. Although it is now one of the largest providers of support to the embattled country, it has also been criticised for its slow delivery of weapons and its reliance on Russian gas. DON'T MISS:Gary Lineker refuses to be 'bullied' after Euro 2022 backlash [REPORT]Paul Newman: Risk factors of the 'horrible' disease that killed actor [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: 'Changed into civilian clothes!' desperate soldiers flee [LIVE]  German President Frank-Walter Steinmeier was perceived as particularly close to Russian President Vladimir Putin before the war. This perceived closeness earned him a snub from Kyiv, while other European leaders and Heads of State flocked to the Ukrainian capital - Mr Steinmeier was not invited. Following this snub, Olaf Scholz, who is the leader of the German Government, refused to travel to Kyiv. The row was a low point in Ukrainian-German relations since the start of the war. 