The leader of the SNP claimed that the only time she met with Ms Truss, the Foreign Secretary wanted advice on being featured in Vogue. Ms Truss faced controversy last week after she branded Ms Sturgeon an "attention seeker", saying the best thing to do is to "ignore her". But speaking to LBC radio earlier today, Ms Sturgeon hit back, saying: "That was the main thing she wanted to talk to me about, she wanted to know how she could get into Vogue - and she calls me an attention-seeker... "I said to her they came and asked me. "I didn't really mean to do this, but I said to her it hadn't actually been my first time in Vogue, it had been my second time. "It looked a little bit as if she'd swallowed a wasp. "I'm sure she'll be in Vogue before too long." Ms Sturgeon also slammed outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson in her interview with LBC, describing him as a "disgrace to the office" of Prime Minister. She said: "You know, he was a third Prime Minister I've dealt with as First Minister. "It was literally like nothing I've ever dealt with before in terms of any senior politician. "You know, I'm going to be blunt here, he was a disgrace to the office of Prime Minister." READ MORE: Liz Truss row EXPOSED after live clash 'It's cheap - you know it!' She added: "I think perhaps uncharitably I described my conversations with Theresa May when she was Prime Minister, as being soul-destroying. "I look back somewhat fondly now on that." Speaking at the Conservative leadership hustings in Exeter last week, Ms Truss had said: "We're better together and I think the best thing to do with Nicola Sturgeon is to ignore her. "I'm sorry, she's an attention-seeker, that's all she is. DON'T MISS: UK fuel rationing fears: Emergency as Norway threatens export limit [ANALYSIS] Nicola Sturgeon's IndyRef2 argument torn apart new legal document [INSIGHT]Sturgeon's abysmal handling of Scotland's NHS laid bare in new data [REVEAL] "What we need to do is show the people of Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales what we are delivering for them and make sure our policies are delivering for them right across the United Kingdom." Deputy First Minister John Swinney said the comments were "deeply troubling and concerning". Speaking on the BBC's Good Morning Scotland programme that people in Scotland, he said people in Scotland will be "really concerned, and in many cases, insulted". He added: "Nicola Sturgeon has far more democratic legitimacy than Liz Truss is going to have if she becomes the prime minister, and I think Liz Truss has absolutely no right or foundation to make these remarks." During her campaign to become the new leader of the Conservative party, Ms Truss ruled out a second independence referendum. Previously, Boris Johnson had said "now is not the time" for a referendum. But Ms Truss, the current favourite to win the leadership race, went further, saying: "Scottish Nationalists accepted that their referendum was a once-in-a-generation opportunity, and I will hold them to that."