Mikel Arteta hopes Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gets a good reception from Arsenal supporters if he joins Chelsea. Aubameyang left the Gunners in acrimonious circumstances in January but could be making a swift return to the Premier League. The striker was stripped of the captaincy at Arsenal by Arteta last December following a string of disciplinary breaches. Aubameyang was axed from the first-team picture and eventually left the club to join Barcelona after having his contract terminated. Supporters have been given a behind-the-scenes look at the situation which led to his departure from the Emirates in Amazon's Arsenal: All or Nothing documentary. Arteta took a firm stance on his former skipper in banishing him from his team. Chelsea are linked with signing Aubameyang following the departures of forwards Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner this summer. And Arteta hopes the former Gabon international is welcomed by his old supporters if he does return to the Emirates as a Blues player. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd swap, De Jong agent activity, Chelsea could sign nine  Speaking at his press conference on Friday, Arteta said: "I hope he does [get a good reception] because I think he deserves that. There are moments in life, there are moments in your career and sometimes the trajectory or objective of each individual is different to the club's, and you have to respect that." He added: "Auba is an exceptional player. He did so much for us. He was our captain and I think we have to very grateful for what he did for this club." Arteta was asked if he had any regrets over his handling of the situation which saw Aubameyang leave. But he insisted every decision was made in the best interests of the club. He said: "It’s a long time since that happened. I cannot go back each time there is another series. DON'T MISSDe Jong agent's social media activity drops clear Man Utd and Chelsea hintMan Utd 'offer' Barcelona first-choice star as part of swap in fresh talksMan Utd have approval to negotiate second Barca deal as well as De Jong  "I have made my comments on that, I was really clear and honest with my opinion. What has been done has been done to defend the club and put it in the best possible position, and we've always been as clear and honest and consistent as we can." Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel managed Aubameyang for two years at Borussia Dortmund earlier in his career. And speaking on Friday, Tuchel was full of praise for the 33-year-old. The German said: "It was a pleasure [coaching Aubameyang]. Some players stay your players because you were very close and Auba is one of these players. Even when we played against him with Arsenal, straight away there was this close bond."  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here