Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One in the coming weeks and will see a star-studded lineup take to the dancefloor once again. This year, Loose Women host Kaye Adams is turning her hand to dance for the chance to be crowned Strictly champion 2022. However, she has since opened up about a devastating blow to her health, revealing doctors nearly found her to be deaf in one ear. Kaye revealed she had recently undergone a series of tests ahead of her appearance and said she has been advised to get hearing aids. She explained that the doctors found one of her ears has a poor level of hearing, while the other is trying to compensate. "My hearing is an issue, to the extent that I’ve had full consultations and examinations on my ears. "It’s probably getting to the stage where it’s getting problematic in certain situations," she told The Sun. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview She added: "I have been recommended to get hearing aids. One ear, in particular, has a very poor level of hearing and the other one is trying its best to compensate." Kaye has previously revealed she has been "struggling" with her hearing for around five years, and admitted the "scary" times she had faced. Speaking on the ITV talk show last month, she said: "For around five-ish years, maybe more, I have been aware that I've been struggling but you just make excuses. "Although you laugh that off, it is now beginning to get to me because, I think, I'm really missing things and I don't want to be a standing joke." The show featured a segment where Kaye visited a doctor to have her ears tested before being told she is losing her hearing in both ears. The doctor advised her to wear a hearing aid in each moving forward. Speaking about the experience and the news she had been given, Kaye opened up about it on Instagram Stories. She wrote: "Never thought I'd say I enjoyed an ear test but @ferazashraf made it easy and painless. Have to admit though his diagnosis was a shock."  DON'T MISS...Jeff Hordley addresses Emmerdale axe fears ‘I’m sure it will be me’ [LATEST]Pierce Brosnan’s FURY at being fired from James Bond: ‘It’s juvenile!’ [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Eric's link to Faith Dingle's death [WATCH] Kaye was announced as the fourth celebrity to be taking part in Strictly Come Dancing 2022 and will follow in the footsteps of her co-stars, including Ruth Langsford, Sunetra Sarker, Frankie Bridge, Christine Lampard, Gloria Hunniford, Judi Love, Penny Lancaster and Katie Piper. Speaking on the opportunity, Kaye said: "I wanted to make the last year of my fifties memorable and I can’t think of a better way of doing it than showing the world my two left feet. Pray for me!" She has also admitted to wanting to be paired with a woman or a gay man, after feeling "embarrassed" about the prospect of being paired with one of the heterosexual male professionals. "I don’t want a heterosexual, I would feel embarrassed for them – because a young, hot heterosexual will be like he’s dancing with his mum. "But if I got a nice gay guy, he’ll be fine with dancing with his mum." This year's Strictly marks the 20th anniversary, and will finally see the return of the spectacular night in Blackpool. It has also been reported that Prince Charles and Camilla are planning to host the beloved BBC programme for a live episode inside the walls of Buckingham Palace. Strictly Come Dancing returns on September 17 on BBC One.