Chelsea could reportedly strike a deal to sign Anthony Gordon 'in the coming days' despite having their opening £40million bid rejected. Reports emerged at the weekend that Chelsea had made a push to sign the highly-rated forward from Everton. Carlo Ancelotti had given Gordon a chance in Everton's first team before the forward was loaned out to Preston. But it was under Rafael Benitez last season when Gordon became a regular in Everton's starting line-up with Frank Lampard continuing to show faith in the 21-year-old. He announced himself back in January when he scored both goals for Everton in a 3-2 defeat to Brighton - his first goals in the Premier League. With Dominic Calvert-Lewin's injury and Richarlison leaving, Lampard has moved Gordon through the middle to play as Everton's central striker. He's yet to find the net in the opening two games but has shown promise in games against Chelsea and Aston Villa. The Blues clearly saw enough potential last week as they have now made an offer worth a reported £40m. According to the BBC, Everton have rejected Chelsea's opening offer but the Toffees appear willing to negotiate. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Conte gives shifty interview after Tuchel scuffle  It is said that Chelsea will come back with an even higher bid in the near future and a deal could well be agreed 'in the coming days'. The report also suggests that a player-plus-cash deal could be in the works given Everton's interest in both Armando Broja and Conor Gallagher. Gordon is operating as a makeshift No 9 for Everton with Lampard still yet to bring in a replacement for Richarlison. Amadou Onana, Dwight McNeil and James Tarkowski are the only permanent signings made by Everton this summer with Ruben Vinagre and Conor Coady joining on loan.  Solomon Rondon is still available to play through the middle for Everton, but Lampard clearly wants to bring in another option. “We are looking at that [to sign a striker],” he said earlier this week. “Because we should be able to replace a player like Dominic Calvert-Lewin who comes three days before the match injured. "Solomon Rondon was suspended so yes we are looking at players who can play in that role. The way we played in the match, I thought we deserved someone in the middle putting the ball in the back of the net.”  