Antonio Conte has revealed that he is aware that he cannot demand the higher powers of Tottenham to change ‘everything quickly’ regarding transfers this summer. The Italian has welcomed six new signings to his squad already this summer, but is eager to bolster his ranks further. Fears grew last summer that Conte could walk away from Spurs this summer if he went unbacked in the transfer window and was not able to sign the players he felt were needed. The Italian was vocal about his desire to revamp Spurs throughout the campaign, and the higher powers at the club appear to have listened. The north London outfit have welcomed Ivan Perisic, Yves Bissouma and Richarlison – amongst others – to their side, as they look to challenge for trophies this season. But despite the overhaul, Tottenham continue to be linked with further signings – though Conte has said that he is realistic about his expectations with under a month left before the transfer window concludes. Speaking ahead of his side’s match against Chelsea this weekend, he said: “I know that I can't have everything quickly. It would be foolish to spend a lot of money suddenly. I think we're doing things the right way and I understand this isn't the politics of the club." READ MORE: Chelsea may still spend another £184.5m as Tuchel 'pushes' for signing   Spurs are still believed to be working on other deals this summer, despite Conte’s comments about not expecting a sudden overhaul. Fullback Destiny Udogie is reportedly Spurs-bound, though he is expected to remain at Udinese on loan for the rest of the campaign. Talks are also ongoing with Roma over a move for Nicolo Zaniolo, whose versatility will provide Conte with cover across his whole frontline. The arrival of Paulo Dybala at the Serie A side means that Zaniolo is no longer a crucial player for manager Jose Mourinho and may be willing to head to the Premier League on a loan-to-buy deal – similar to how Tottenham signed Dejan Kulusevski in the summer. But Conte’s plan this summer did not purely centre around new arrivals, as he is also keen to offload players who are surplus to requirements. Sergio Reguilon, Giovani Lo Celso, Tanguy Ndombele and Harry Winks are all for sale, with the Evening Standard reporting that the quartet are training individually away from the first team. Speaking about the four players, Conte added: “We are talking about good players and in January Ndombele and Lo Celso went on loan. Every season there are different targets and this season there is the World Cup. Players ask to play more regularly and to play games. Someone can push to go away and try to play in a way more regular.”