In March 2021, Meghan Markle and Harry sat down for a "tell-all" two-hour interview with Oprah Winfrey. A few months after the explosive chat, publishing house, Penguin Randon House announced that they were "honoured" to publish a forthcoming memoir by Prince Harry. According to The Daily Beast's royal correspondent Tom Sykes, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are hoping that the release of Harry's memoir will break them away from their growing negative image. Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us about Harry's memoir, Mr Sykes said: "It is the opportunity for them to turn the page on the, kind of, looking bitter and angry [image] in the Oprah interview." He added: "I do feel like ultimately, and it was received differently in the UK over here, to how it was in America, but I do feel that ultimately they didn't come out brilliantly. "They didn't land the killer punch on the royals." Mr Sykes continued: "The stories were, kind of, conflicting about who said what [and] when they said it. READ MORE: 'It's essential, fact!' Backlash grows over Harry and Meghan UK row as 'privileges lost' "Oprah, I felt, didn't interrogate it fully enough." He added: "So, I felt that overall, they didn't come out brilliantly. "I think that people had very little sympathy for Harry pleading poverty. "I thought that was a really really odd thing for him to do." READ MORE: 'Disturbingly violent' Meghan and Harry Jubilee threats laid bare as Sussexes targeted He noted how it was "odd" for Harry to claim that his father "cut him off" financially, despite previously stating that he, and Meghan, wanted to "work to become financially independent". In July 2021, on Penguin Random House's website, Harry himself wrote how "deeply grateful" he was for the opportunity to release the memoir. He wrote: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. DON'T MISS "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story—the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned—I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think." The statement claimed that the memoir would cover "his lifetime in the public eye", everything from his "childhood to the present day". READ NEXT: