Shonka Dukureh, who appeared in Elvis as Big Mama Thornton, and was also a Blues singer, was found dead at her Nashville apartment in July aged 44. US media reports have now disclosed the cause of her death as natural causes. The star, who is survived by two children, died from heart-related conditions or “hypertensive and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease". A coroner ruled, as reported by US Weekly, that the late actress’ death was due to natural causes. The report said Shonka was "discovered unresponsive in bed by her minor son … who ran to the neighbours for help, who then called 911". The Nashville Police department released a Twitter post in July, prior to the coroner’s report, clarifying that her cause of death was not subject to “foul play”. READ MORE: 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life It read: “BREAKING: No foul play is evident in today's death of actress Shonka Dukureh, 44, who portrayed Big Mama Thornton in this year's Elvis movie. “Dukureh, a Fisk Univ graduate, was found dead in the bedroom of her Kothe Way apt that she shared with her 2 young children.” A series of tributes were made by those close to the star, notably her co-stars from the new Elvis biopic, which starred Austin Butler in the lead role. Director Baz Luhrmann took to Instagram following the sad news, and wrote a heartfelt post. He penned: "A special light went out today and all of the Elvis movie family are heartbroken by the loss of Shonka Dukureh. "From the moment she came into our world, Shonka brought joy, spirit and of course her voice and her music. “Whenever she was on set, on stage or even just in the room, everyone always felt uplifted." He continued: “Shonka was just starting to find a larger audience for her tremendous talent. DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims [OPINION] Kate Beckinsale, 49, shows off figure in tiny pink bikini in the pool [PICS] Homes Under The Hammer's Martin Roberts receives apology from co-star [BBC] “I got to see her uplift whole crowds of people at Coachella and beyond. "A favorite word of Shonka's, in daily use, was 'blessings,' and I, along with the entire Elvis cast, crew and musical collaborators, feel truly blessed to have had time with her." The director concluded by sending “love and support” to the star’s family. Shonka had also appeared on stage with Doja Cat at Coachella this year in a collaboration for the song Vegas, which featured on the Elvis soundtrack. In April, she spoke to Shadow and Act about her experience working on the rock singer’s biopic. “It’s been amazing and I’m looking forward to doing it all over again,” she said. “It’s just been a dream. I didn’t even know it was a dream [of mine] until I really got there and experienced everything. “It has really been a chance of a lifetime, this life-altering experience.”