Stacey Solomon has taken to Instagram to recount the emotional moment her eldest sons walked her down the aisle during her wedding to Joe Swash. The Loose Women panellist, 32, gushed over the special moment Zachary and Leighton stood next to her and her father David ahead of her nuptials to beau Joe. Stacey took to Instagram to share with her 5.3 million followers the emotional moment she was walked down the aisle by her father, David. She wrote: "Dad walking me down the aisle," alongside a teary face emoji. Stacey stunned in her bridal gown as she held her dad's hand and gripped her bouquet with the other. Her dad looked dapper in his suit which had a white rose in the chest pocket. READ MORE: Piers Morgan blasts Gwyneth Paltrow over 'woke' Goop post Stacey wrote: "Zachary walked me the first part down where we met Leighton and he walked with me and Zach held my trail and then Leighton and Zach walked me to dad for the last part of the walk. "It meant so much to me that the big boys were part of standing by my side on the way down because they've stood by my side so much." The star went on to tell how she never wants her eldest sons to forget the special moment of her big day. Stacey added: "More than they'll ever realise, when I've really [needed] them and I never want them to forget how grateful I am and how I wouldn't be who I am today without them." Stacey has been sharing special moments from her big day to husband Joe on social media. Earlier she captured the moment she put on her wedding dress, becoming emotional at the thought of helping her daughter do the same. She penned: "My mummy and Joe's mum helping me get dressed. Thinking I might get to do this with Rose one day too," alongside a crying face. Stacey also shared a sweet snap of Joe kissing eldest son Zachary on the cheek as he placed an arm around a grinning Leighton. DON'T MISS... Robert Redford’s heartbreaking note following untimely death of son [INSIGHT]Lily James wows in lingerie as Pamela Anderson on Pam & Tommy set [ANALYSIS]'Pathetic!' Alastair Stewart rages at mocking of Lady Louise [UPDATE] It comes after Stacey revealed the touching reason attending a special concert as part of her honeymoon was such a "bucket list" moment for husband Joe. The recently-married couple headed to a Simply Red concert earlier this month, with the Loose Women star explaining why the gig was so important to them. During their honeymoon close to home, Stacey explained how she and her husband were enjoying ticking things off their bucket list, rather than going abroad. She explained: "When Joe was younger his mum and dad used to take him in the caravan and sing Simply Red all the way there," Stacey shared. "This is one of his favourite memories of being little with his dad. “So it was the most special night,” she continued in her heartfelt message to her new husband. "Love you @realjoeswash." Joe's father heartbreakingly passed away when he was just 11 years old from a heart attack.