In a new, lengthy interview with The Cut, Meghan showed her daily routine with son Archie, as well as revealing a “secret” to the interviewer - that she will be returning to Instagram, something she had given up on in the lead-up to her marriage to Prince Harry. The Duchess’ fans took to social media to share their excitement at the revealing interview, praising her for her bravery and grace. Twitter user @juliefdblackmen said: “Meghan Markle, you are fearless. You are such a brave person. Thank God, your mum, your grandmother shows you how to stand tall and keep on fighting. “Your beautiful daughter Lilibet Lili Diana has a strong woman influence.” @thenaomispence added: “She is the moment. She is EVERYTHING! The personification of elegance and grace.” Other users were excited to see Meghan expressing herself freely in the interview. @433rachel said: “She didn’t let the detractors stop her, the title didn’t make her and she didn’t stop being kind. I am glad you have your voice back.” @lilac1lovestory added: “Meghan knows every word will be poured over again and again. So happy, she's speaking despite it all. “So brave.” Meanwhile @justhermoodx was deeply moved by the article, saying: “I was literally shedding tears while reading it.” READ MORE: Meghan warned Mariah Carey won't let her talk about herself so much [REVEAL] The user added: “So good, so candid! I’m so proud of her.” Part of the excitement comes surrounding Meghan’s return to social media, which she revealed to the interviewer in a quiet moment. Reporting the conversation, journalist Allison P. Davies wrote: "In the lull in conversation, Meghan turns to me and leans forward to ask in a conspiratorial hush, 'Do you want to know a secret?' "Meghan, silenced no more, looks around, making sure nobody (who would be?) is listening in. Then the top-secret drop: 'I’m getting back … on Instagram,' she says, her eyes alight and devilish." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry savaged in Duke of Windsor swipe 'Doesn't end well' [REVEAL]Meghan voices concern over Archie attending UK school [INSIGHT]Royal Family Live: Meghan fires fresh dig at monarchy [ANALYSIS] The Duchess amassed more than three million followers on the platform when she was an actress on Suits and lifestyle writer on her own blog The Tig. However, she shut down all her social media accounts before marrying Prince Harry in May 2018 and joining the Firm as one of its working members. After becoming the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan was one of the four royals represented by the Kensington Royal Instagram and Twitter accounts, alongside her husband and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. After the Sussexes and the Cambridges split their households in the spring of 2019, Meghan and Harry remained without an official Twitter account but opened Sussex Royal on Instagram, which became their main mean of communication directly with their fans. While the account hasn't been deactivated, Meghan and Harry stopped using it in March 2020, days before they bowed out of the Firm as its working members.