Chelsea are reportedly confident that they can hijack Manchester United’s pursuit of Barcelona ace Frenkie de Jong and are hopeful of agreeing a transfer fee to sign him. De Jong has been heavily linked with a mega-money move to the Premier League this summer and his future could be decided in the next 24 hours. De Jong joined Barcelona from Ajax three years ago and has been a key player for the side under a string of managers. But the Catalan giants appear intent on cashing in on him this summer as they look to balance their books following their well-publicised financial problems. United, who appointed De Jong’s former Ajax mentor Erik ten Hag as their new boss earlier this year, had looked primed to land the Netherlands international when the summer transfer window opened in June. But the transfer stalled and a move to Old Trafford has not yet materialised. Chelsea have entered the fray more recently in an attempt to sign the player, with new owner Todd Boehly already showing his willingness to back manager Thomas Tuchel in the transfer market. And, according to talkSPORT, an update on De Jong’s future could be coming in the next day or so. JUST IN: Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 stars    De Jong has been in action for Barcelona throughout pre-season and got his name on the scoresheet as his team thumped Mexican side Pumas UNAM 6-0 at the weekend. And boss Xavi admitted that he was unsure about where the midfielder would be playing his football come September. “I don't know what will happen to Frenkie de Jong,” explained the Spaniard. “Until August 31 anything can happen. He knows what I think and what the club want and need. Of course I'm counting on him - he's a great player.”  De Jong bought a house in Barcelona earlier this year and has reportedly told his team-mates that he wants to remain at the club. But Barca could be forced to offload him to ensure they fall in line with La Liga’s financial regulations. De Jong reportedly wants to continue playing Champions League football if he does have to leave the Nou Camp. So the player may well favour a move to Stamford Bridge rather than Old Trafford. The Blues secured their place among the European elite by finishing third in the Premier League last season, with the Red Devils only able to qualify for the Europa League following a disastrous campaign that saw them finish a lowly sixth in the English top flight. 