The energy price cap will be raised once again in October to a staggering £3,549 - and it’s only expected to increase a short three months later. Consequently, many households are on the hunt for ways to reduce bills and while reports state solar energy can slash costs by hundreds of pounds a year, there are many misconceptions about the option. To help consumers make a more informed decision, experts from the Community Energy Scheme (CES), who install solar panels for thousands of social housing tenants in Stoke for free, have busted the five common myths. According to CES solar energy is not only produced in bright sunlight. The panels collect all UV light, which is still produced in cloudier conditions. CES experts said: “Surprisingly, hot sun can reduce the efficiency of solar panels. so bright, cooler weather is perfect for panels to perform at optimum efficiency.  READ MORE: State pensioners may be left with just £11 a day in energy bills shock  “For the night time, some households store unused energy in a battery, which can then be used when UV light cannot be collected. "Additionally, a household can use traditional energy from the National Grid during dark hours and still benefit from reduced bills, as the percentage of higher rate grid energy used during the night is minimal.” Britons do not need to own their home to go solar. For those renting houses or living in apartment blocks, community solar schemes allow multiple people to benefit from a singular, shared solar array. In Stoke, the Community Energy Scheme has a unique partnership with the city council to equip its social housing with solar panels to enable tenants to benefit from cheaper energy. Based on an average household electricity demand of 3100 kWh per year, CES experts said: “From October, an average household [in the Midlands] can expect savings of over £660 against Ofgem’s energy price cap, equating to around 33 percent per year on their total electricity bill.” by opting for solar energy.  Providing people use a reputable company, solar panel installation is straightforward and the panels actually require little to no maintenance, according to CES. They said: “Due to their angled installation, rain and snow will simply run off the panel and the only minimal upkeep required is gentle hosing to remove debris and build-up of dust. “Abrasive cleaning products or high-pressure jet washers will damage solar panels – a simple rinse with water is enough to keep solar panels looking and working their best.” People will not be without power if an issue arises with solar panels. Although solar panels bring the benefit of not being entirely reliant on the National Grid, most houses fitted with solar panels are still connected to the Grid for their energy requirements at night or if something were to happen to their solar energy supply.  DON'T MISS:Energy price cap: What is it, how does it work, and what does it me? [EXPLAINED]Basic state pension shock - pays £324 LESS than average energy bill [ANALYSIS]Britain to face recession until 2024 [INSIGHT]    CES experts explained: “Through Grid energy usage, some households remain eligible for planned relief from rocketing Grid energy bills, including the £400 energy bill discount announced by the Government for this winter. “So it’s worth checking with your provider to see if a combination of solar and grid energy is a bright idea to get you the best energy deal.” In years gone by, high installation costs were a deterrent for some households considering going solar. However, with traditional energy prices rising, the return on solar investment will be gained much more quickly now than in previous years. CES said: “The Energy Saving Trust says that the average household could save between £165 and £405 a year with solar panels. And based on current energy prices, home solar panel specialist Green Energy Together estimates that a typical homeowner could see a full return on their solar panel investment in just five years.” Solar panel owners can also sell excess solar energy produced back to the Grid, offering another way to speed up the return on investing in solar panels. Reports suggest that demand for solar panel installation across the country has increased fourfold in 2022 compared with last year, and it’s only continuing month on month as standard energy prices rise.  According to trade association Solar Energy UK, just over 3,000 solar installations are now being carried out every week, up from 1,000 a week in July 2020. Although the option is generally considered an expensive route to go down, prices have in fact reduced as the years have gone by - now by around 66 percent from the standard £20,000 it cost a decade ago - and there are multiple schemes available for those interested in investing. With a base price for solar energy usage of 17p per KWh and zero installation cost, CES is making affordable solar energy available to those who may not otherwise be able to access it. Although CES only currently works with Stoke-on-Trent City Council, it plans to extend to other regions. Until then, there are other options available to households now, such as the Government’s Green Deal. For more information, visit the Government website here. 