Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 37, decided to step back as royals in early 2020 and sought to become financially independent. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex first relocated to Canada before the pair moved to the United States. Meghan and Harry are happily settled in the States, nearly two and a half years after they stepped back from royal duties living in their Montecito mansion, in Santa Barbara, California with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, who turned one in June. But before they found their family home, the royal couple didn't have a plan about where to live after they moved out of Canada and it was Tyler Perry, 52, who came to their rescue. The actor, producer and director offered up his house in Southern California where Meghan, Harry and their son, Archie, lived for three months with a security detail also provided by Perry. Speaking in their bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, which aired last year, Meghan explained that Tyler's assistance was a massive help. READ MORE: Lucy Verasamy savages 'grumpy' viewers complaint Speaking of his generosity, she said: "It gave us breathing room to try to figure out what we were going to do." Tyler, who became a billionaire in 2020, according to Forbes, has his own production company, Tyler Perry Studios. He has built an empire in the world of entertainment and is behind 17 feature films, 20 stage plays, seven television shows and a New York Times bestselling book. Earlier this month, saw the Duchess celebrate turning 41 – and to mark the special occasion, her close friend, actor and director, Tyler, penned a heartfelt message on social media.  In a moving tribute to her, the on-screen star said Meghan had endured things that would have "broken" many others. Alongside an image of Meghan crouching down to accept flowers from and speak to a young girl, Tyler shared a poignant caption about his pal. "I've had a front row seat in your life for the past few years," he began. "I’ve watched you endure things that would have broken a lot of people. I'm so incredibly proud to see how happy you, your husband, and your kids are now." He finished: "It fills me with joy to say Happy Birthday Princess Meghan." DON'T MISS... James May 'hospitalised with broken rib as stunt goes horribly wrong'[LATEST]Elton John, 75, clutches onto entourage as he struggles to board yacht[PICTURES]Elizabeth Hurley, 57, ethereal in white dress for World Elephant Day[UPDATES] So far the post has racked up over 100,000 likes as royal fans took to the comment section and gushed over the Duchess. As well as receiving a birthday tribute from Tyler, Meghan also featured on Instagram Stories shared by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge – who wrote "Wishing a happy birthday to The Duchess of Sussex!" Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who similarly said "Happy birthday to The Duchess of Sussex!" The Queen, however, did not share a public post to celebrate Meghan this year. Meanwhile, it has been reported Meghan and Harry are set to receive a new award for their humanitarian work. It has been revealed that the couple's Archewell Foundation is to receive the award from the Human First Coalition for its work advocating for Afghan refugees. The organisation points out that Archewell had offered generous financial support for at-risk Afghans as well as military veterans who served in Afghanistan. The awards ceremony will take place in New York City on Monday.