Saki airbase on the annexed peninsula – a strategically significant target in terms of Russia’s dominance in the waters surrounding Ukraine – faced a series of explosions on August 9. It follows other attacks in the region which have sought to disrupt Russia’s resupply of the southern front line, and which have been attributed to “sabotage” on behalf of Ukrainian resistance fighters in the occupied land. A Western intelligence official said the Kremlin was “seeking to allocate blame” while the “credibility” of its military operation had been “diminished”. In recent weeks, the Ukrainian armed forces have used Western-supplied missiles to make pinpoint attacks on strategic targets, including the Antonivsky Bridge linking Kherson and Crimea, in an effort to undermine infrastructure and demoralise troops. However, several of these recent explosions have occurred well behind enemy lines, in areas often beyond the range of Ukrainian military equipment. Last Tuesday, an ammunition dump near Dzhankoi in Crimea exploded, in an attack believed to be carried out by Ukrainian special forces, which also damaged a nearby railway and electric substation. READ MORE: Huge queues to leave Crimea as explosions spark Russian terror The UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) also said that smoke had been seen rising from near Gvardeyskoye Airbase, also in Crimea. They formed “two of the most important Russian military airfields” in the conflict. Reports from within the country suggested that the guerrilla-style attacks had worked in striking fear into Russian settlers, with thousands of vehicles seen queueing up to flee the peninsula into Russia. These tactical hits followed the Saki air base attack, which is believed to have led to the detonation of four on-site munition storage units. The Russian defence ministry initially claimed that the explosion had been an accident, before declaring it an act of “sabotage”. While original estimates suggested eight fighter jets had been knocked out, a Western intelligence official speaking on condition of anonymity on Friday said it had “put more than half of Black Sea fleet’s naval aviation combat jets out of use”. Meanwhile, “the Russian system is busy seeking to allocate blame for the debacle”. This revealed a greater weakness as Putin’s ground forces dig in for a long war. They said: “The real story is about [Russia's] Black Sea Fleet. “They've lost their flagship Moskva [which was sunk two months into the war], they lost Snake Island [on June 30], they lost half of their naval aviation package and their military headquarters was struck.” DON'T MISS: Putin 'struggling to sell war' after mounting sabotage attacks [VIDEO]'Union militants are putting the jobs of rail workers at risk' [COMMENT]Nuclear fears soar as Putin pounds city near power plant [LIVE] That fleet continues to provide long-range airstrikes to support ground troops in the south of Ukraine, but was taking “a very defensive position” and “trying to avoid getting in the line of fire”. The MoD said last week that Russian vessels were mainly keeping in sight of the Crimean coastline. The intelligence official is reported as commenting: “This is a proud fleet with a long history. The credibility of that entity has been diminished.” With very little progress being made by either side in the ground offensive, these attacks are likely to maintain the energy of fighting Ukrainians as the war pushes into its sixth month. In recognising last week’s explosions as an act of insurgency, Russia showed rare acknowledgement of the dissent towards occupation as it continues to claim its intervention is for the sake of liberation. The attacks are likely to become more regular, the Western intelligence official said, stating they “don’t see them diminishing”. They added that they were attributable to a “combination of incredibly brave people and new capabilities”. On Thursday, a fire broke out following an explosion at an ammunitions depot in Belgorod, a city within Russian territory near to the border with Ukraine and the north-western city of Kharkiv. The intelligence official defended such actions on Russian soil being used to supply fighters within Ukraine, saying that they “are legitimate targets which don’t risk Russian territorial integrity”.