KSI called out both Tommy Fury and Andrew Tate after his second knockout win in one night on Saturday but did not mention Jake Paul's name as he discussed his next potential opponents. The YouTuber defeated both Swarmz and Luis Pineda in one-sided boxing matches at the O2 to improve his professional record to 3-0. Speaking to The True Geordie in the ring post-fight for DAZN, KSI said: "Ladies and gentlemen, are you not entertained? It's good to be back. Two fights, one night, two KOs. Yeah buddy. I said it, I talked the talk and I walked the walk. "Bro I saw the fights - Slim [Albaher] looks good. I want a piece of that. Yeah. Austin [McBroom] vs Gib [AnEsonGib], I want the winner of that. Andrew Tate, I want a piece of that. Tommy Fury, I want a piece of that. I warmed up and I'm ready. I'm excited. "Nothing can hurt me. Nothing can harm me. I'm different! KSI. Yeah." He added: "Yo, I want to thank my team, Alexis, Marius. I want to thank them, I want to thank Harvey, I want to thank Leon, I want to thank Jasper as well. I want to thank my friends and my family. Legit, everyone has been so supportive and I appreciate it. "And of course, I want to thank the fans for coming through to the O2. I love all of you man, you guys have supported me through my highs and my lows. I appreciate every single one of you so thank you." KSI is now 3-0 and has long been tipped to fight Jake Paul - the younger brother of Logan Paul with whom he is now good friends. The YouTuber fought Logan twice, drawing the first fight before the second, which was a professional bout, went the Londoner's way via split decision. Jake is 5-0 and was due to take on Hasim Rahman Jr next but that fight has been cancelled. The American twice defeated former five-time UFC champion Tyron Woodley and as well as KSI, has also long been tipped to fight Tommy Fury, though a high-profile showdown has collapsed multiple times. The younger Paul brother tweeted after KSI's second win of the night: "Smart man KSI is not calling me out. He knows the truth." He added in a follow-up post, hinting about his next fight: "Just got the call. Massive opponent announcement this week. October." Fury - the younger brother of heavyweight world champion Tyson Fury - also responded to the call-out. The pro boxer posted: "You know where to find me @KSI." KSI meanwhile declared his return to the ring will come in January, though his next opponent may not be uncovered for some weeks. The 29-year-old - real name JJ Olatunji - continued: "These guys think they can mess with me, but once they feel the power, it's dangerous bro. I'm moving like Deontay Wilder in these streets man. It's scary, no-one wants it."