Ferrari may be set to protest the FIA's 'compromise' to eliminate porpoising on Formula 1 cars next season. Mercedes led the charge for change after drivers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell appeared to suffer the most from the violent bouncing of their cars.  As reported by RacingNews365.com an agreement has been made to raise the car's floor edges by 15mm in time for next season. The regulation changes split the paddock with Ferrari and Red Bull accusing Mercedes of only pursuing the alterations as they have been unable to solve their own porpoising problems. This led to the boss of the Prancing Horse, Mattia Binotto, sending out a defiant message regarding the proposed changes.“I hope there won't be any changes, I don't see any real reasons to make changes to the technical regulations for safety reasons, especially if we look at the latest races,” he told Motorsport.com. “In addition, if the aerodynamic regulations were to change for 2023 it would be a considerable problem considering the time of year we are in, there would be very little time to change the concept of the new car. And, I repeat, there are no reasons to introduce changes to the technical regulation by citing safety reasons. So, I think it can't happen, and if it does, we'll try to figure out how to stop them .” JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton reveals dad's emotional words to him moments after Max Verstappen heartache   Mercedes Team Principal Toto Wolff had been a vocal proponent of raising the cars' floors, citing concerns over the effects of bouncing on drivers' health. "The FIA has commissioned medical work on the porpoising,” he said. "The summary of the doctors is that frequency of 1-2Hz, sustained over a few minutes, can lead to brain damage. We have 6-7Hz over several hours. So the answer is very easy: the FIA needs to do something about it." Although they are fierce rivals on the track, the stance against the new rules has seen Red Bull and Ferrari become unlikely allies, which Binotto shed some light on. “We are opposed in the fight for the championship, but when it comes to regulations and the future, I think there should only be common sense, for the good of Formula 1 as a whole," he added.  “I have no idea if any changes to the regulations would be in our favor or in favor of Red Bull, I don't know and I don't care. “If you think in this way on every single topic, then it becomes lobbying, a certainly not a positive attitude for sport in the medium and long term, and as Ferrari we certainly have the responsibility to look also to the medium and long term. “I believe it is very important to always have a responsible and balanced approach when evaluating and making crucial decisions for the future of this sport." 