Earlier this month Anne Heche was involved in a car crash where she sustained severe injuries. She was later declared dead on August 12, 2022, after being in a prolonged coma. The actress was just 53-year-olds. She had worked with some incredible actors throughout her career, including one Star Wars icon who defended her when she revealed she was dating a woman. In 1997 Heche attended the premiere of her movie, Volcano, with her partner at the time, Ellen DeGeneres. Her appearance as an out and proud member of the LGBTQ+ community left her bosses in Hollywood absolutely furious. She recalled the event in 2020 when she said: "I had told them that I was taking Ellen as my date and I was told if I took Ellen I would lose my Fox contract. At that moment, [Ellen] took my hand and said: ‘Do what they say,’ and I said: ‘No thanks.'" Heche added: "I took Ellen to the premiere and I was ushered out before the movie even ended and was told I was not allowed to go to my own after party for fear that they would get pictures of me with a woman." What followed was exactly what she expected. Heche revealed that she was "fired from my multi-million dollar picture deal and I did not work in a studio picture for 10 years". And she almost lost her role in the 1998 romantic comedy Six Days, Seven Nights, as well. But the legendary Star Wars actor - and her co-star - Harrison Ford fought for her to be in the movie. "He fought a battle for me," Heche said of Ford. "And I would be on any desert island with him any day." READ MORE: Anne Heche dead: Woman's house destroyed by 90mph crash speaks out Heche said she "would not have gotten the movie without his help. "He called me the day after they said I wasn’t gonna get [Six Days, Seven Night]," she remembered. "Because I took Ellen to the [Volcano] premiere." She added: "Harrison Ford, he was a hero. He said: ‘Frankly my dear, I don’t give a damn who you’re sleeping with. We’re gonna make the best romantic comedy there is, and I’ll see ya on the set.'" DON'T MISS...Anne Heche dead: Woman's house destroyed by 90mph crash speaks out [NEWS]Lily-Rose Depp shares daring lingerie snap ahead of HBO’s The Idol [INFO]Anne Heche dead: film star and ex of Ellen DeGeneres dies aged 53 [INSIGHT] Heche went on to say: "He’s one of my heroes. He’s an extraordinary human being." The star added she was "proud" of the revolution she helped build. She added: "But there is still work to do." Ford reportedly hand-picked Heche as the leading woman of the movie at the time. The Han Solo actor apparently chose her over a number of big-name stars such as Julia Roberts, Gwyneth Paltrow, Uma Thurman and Meg Ryan. And it's a good job he did, too. The movie earned a staggering $164 million on just a $70 million budget. Earlier this week, after Heche's death, her family released a statement. It said they "lost a bright light, a kind and most joyful soul". SOURCE / SOURCE