Vito recently won Italy's Strictly Come Dancing series and said he's ready to win the BBC version later this year as he participates in the UK show for the first time. Speaking on Morning Live on Tuesday, Vito and fellow new professional, Carlos Gu, talked about the upcoming series, which launches in a few weeks. He said he's looking forward to "keeping" his winning streak.  Host Gethin Jones talked about how the team is looking forward to their own co-star joining the competition. He remarked: "Kym [Marsh] is among the celebrities gliding - we hope - across the dancefloor!" "I'm sure she will, she is going to be fab," co-host Sam Quek replied confidently. "But this year the show is also welcoming four new pros to the family. READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry "And today we're speaking to two of the boys, Carlos Gu and Vito Coppola, welcome guys!" Gethin asked: "Vito, Strictly Come Dancing UK are getting a champion this year, aren't they?" Smiling, Vito announced: "Yeah, actually yeah. I just won the last season of the Italian version of Strictly. "So of course, I will enjoy every moment," he added before turning to Carlos and continuing: "I'm so happy to be here and to join the Strictly family and to meet this new guy! "And yeah, of course, I'm looking forward to keeping it [the dancefloor win]." "It would be nice to win again," Gethin laughed in response. "Why not? Of course!" "And Carlos do you have a strength? What's your favourite dance, your go-to dance?" Sam inquired. "Well my favourite dance is Rumba and Paso because [they're] very emotional and dramatic, so I'm looking forward to dancing those two if I have the opportunity," the dancer answered. DON'T MISS... Tom Jones says Elvis 'would have loved' new biopic film [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Audrey Roberts' health to decline further [EXCLUSIVE]Craig Charles slams BBC for 'not giving reason' for axing Radio 2 show [LATEST] "And is there anyone you've got your eye on to be coupled up with?" Sam asked Vito. "Actually Sam, maybe you can come to join us," the 29-year-old Latin American Champion joked. "Oh! I don't know, it's not my decision!" Sam responded, looking caught off-guard. Gethin probed the two about what they were expecting from the show, which starts in early September.  "Carlos, what are you most looking forward to, would you say?" Gethin, who took part in the show himself back in 2007. "Well as we all know it's the 20th anniversary [series] of the show this year, and I believe it's going to be an amazing year," he replied. "It's going to be glamorous. I'm ready and looking forward to getting going." Morning Live airs weekdays from 9.15am on BBC, while Strictly Come Dancing returns to the channel in September.