An exclusive video of Meghan Markle's estranged father Thomas was shown on GB News on Monday and marks his first public appearance since his stroke in May. The video was shown during Dan Wootton's interview with his son Thomas Markle Jr, who opened up about his father's recovery. In the video, Mr Markle can be seen sitting at a table overlooking a windy beach. It showed Thomas writing on a whiteboard to communicate. Following the stroke, Thomas lost most of his ability to speak. The sign he wrote, read: “Hi Dan, Thank you and the British people for the best wishes and goodwill.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton and Prince William urged 'to give up favourite perk' labelled a 'problem' The 78-year-old suffered a stroke in May and spent five days in the hospital. Following being discharged from the hospital, the retired television lighting director said: "I feel hugely grateful and know how lucky I am to be alive. "I want to thank everyone, especially the wonderful doctors and nurses who saved my life. They are angels. "I have been deeply moved by loving messages I’ve received from all over the world. People have been so kind. I can’t speak right now, but I am working hard and will thank people properly when I can." READ MORE: 'Don't put a foot wrong' Beatrice and Eugenie keen to avoid 'embarrassing' Royal Family Meghan and her dad's relationship became strained after he was caught on CCTV staging paparazzi photos. Thomas did not attend Meghan and Harry's royal wedding in 2018. During Meghan and Harry's "bombshell" interview with Oprah, Meghan revealed that she could not "fathom" what her father did when he allegedly worked with the tabloids. DON'T MISS Meghan said her father “betrayed” her by talking to the tabloid press. Prior to the stroke, Thomas appeared on GB News and expressed his delight that he would be attending the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. He spoke to Dan Wootton and said that he was "looking forward" to the visit and to "showing my respects" to the Queen and the entire Royal Family. READ NEXT: