Love Island 2022 will finish its eight-week run tonight on ITV2. The final episode, which starts at 9pm and ends at 10.35pm in the UK tonight (Monday August 1), will see one winning couple get the chance to collect a £50,000 prize fund. Following the shock dumping of Paige Thorne and Adam Collard on Sunday night's episode, only four couples remain in the villa. The couple received the lowest number of votes from the public – causing them to narrowly miss out on the final episode of the latest series. Paige and Adam were named as one of the least compatible couples by their fellow Islanders during a challenge on Friday night. Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti received the highest number of votes from their fellow Islanders with every single other couple naming them as less compatible than other pairings in the villa. However, David and Ekin-Su remain firm fan favourites, with the public voters allowing them to sail into the Love Island 2022 final tonight. Luca Bish and Gemma Owen, and Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page also received votes from the remaining Islanders. The former seemed miffed by the judgement of his friends in the villa, confronting Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack (the only couple that none of the other Islanders deemed incompatible in any way) about their decision. The fallout of the vote looks set to continue in the villa tonight, with Luca seemingly unable to crack even a hint of a smile when waving goodbye to Paige and Adam as they left the villa arm-in-arm. The winning couple will be decided by the public, with viewers able to cast their votes for free using the Love Island app on iOS and Android. The Love Island 2022 final will air at 9pm on ITV2 (Sky TV channel 816, Freeview 6, Freesat 113, Virgin Media TV 115) and ITV2 HD (Sky TV channel 118, Virgin Media TV 176) and streaming service ITV Hub. The following morning, an ad-free version of the episode will be available to watch on paid-for streaming service Britbox. Unfortunately, if you’re currently overseas for work or a summer holiday, ITVHub will not be available to access to the catch-up service is geo-restricted. That means it's only available to watch for those located in the UK. ITV Hub determines your current location by using the IP address of your phone, tablet, streaming set-top box, laptop, or other gadget. This number is assigned whenever you head online and contains information about your current location. But do not panic, there’s a very simple trick to use to stream from ITVHub outside of the UK. The solution? Use a VPN, which is completely legal way to change your IP address and appear as if you're watching from another location. This is what will let you tune-in with millions of other viewers and watch the Love Island 2022 final from abroad. A VPN is a simple tool you can download and what it does is that it suggests that you’re using a UK-based IP address so that you can be free from any content-restricting issues. Here are a few simple steps on how to do... To watch episodes that are already live, head to ITV Hub. Remember, you can use a VPN to watch Love Island on ITV2, but you'll need to make sure you have a valid TV license to watch any UK TV show when overseas. MORE LIKE THIS