Adrien Rabiot would become the ninth highest-paid player on Manchester United's books should the Red Devils bow to the staggering wage demands of the Frenchman's mother and agent Veronique, according to reports. Having agreed an initial £15million fee with Juventus for the midfielder, United are understood to have seen negotiations hit a bump in the road over personal terms. United have been quick to strike a deal with Juventus over Rabiot, largely as a result of the Serie A side's eagerness to cash in on the 27-year-old, who recently entered the final year of his contract. However, it seems personal terms have become something of a sticking point. Having been persuaded to join Erik ten Hag's project, despite initial reservations over a lack of Champions League football this campaign, Rabiot appears keen to exploit United's desperation to reinforce in the centre of the park this summer, by seeking a significant pay rise. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, the French international is demanding wages in excess of €10m (£8.46m) per season within a three-year contract at Old Trafford. That figure equates to wages of around £162,692 per week, though those who earn over £150,000 per year in the UK are required to pay a tax rate of 45 per cent. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'went against' Man Utd and Ralf Rangnick with decision With Rabiot currently taking home a reported €7m (£5.93m) per year with Juve, a total which equates to roughly £113,000 per week, the midfielder appears to be holding out for a pay rise just shy of £50,000 per week. Should United agree to such demands, Rabiot would find that only eight members of Ten Hag's current ranks earn more than him. Cristiano Ronaldo currently tops both United's and the Premier League's payroll, on wages reportedly in excess of a mammoth £500,000 per week. David de Gea (£375,000 per week), Jadon Sancho (£350,000), Anthony Martial (£250,000), Bruno Fernandes (£240,000), Marcus Rashford (£200,000), Harry Maguire and Raphael Varane (£190,000) are the only others who would boast bigger salaries than Rabiot, should he get his way. READ MORE: Arsenal decision could come back to bite them after Auba revelation The Italian outlet also state that United have tabled the midfielder an offer which includes an annual wage of £6m - in line with his current earnings in Turin. That sum would put Rabiot behind the likes of Donny van de Beek, Lisandro Martinez and Victor Lindelof in the club’s pay hierarchy according to the website Spotrac. As such, the player’s agent, who has a reputation for being a fearsome negotiator, is thought to believe she is well within her rights to demand more. The aforementioned United trio are thought to earn just over £6.2m a year.