The 79-year-old leader originally tested positive for the virus last month. Then, following several days of negative Covid tests last week, the President tested positive for the virus again on Saturday. Today, he tested positive again for Covid, something which his doctor said "could be anticipated". Dr Kevin O’Connor, said that Mr Biden would continue working despite having the virus. He said: "He will continue to conduct the business of the American people from the Executive Residence." The US President has reportedly been taking the drug Paxlovid, an antiviral medication. The medicine has been given to high-risk patients including older patients. Dr O’Connor described the negative tests followed by another positive test as a “rebound” case seen in a small percentage of patients taking Paxlovid. On Saturday, Mr Biden said he was “feeling fine” and “everything’s good” in a video posted to Twitter.  He added in a tweet: "Folks, today I tested positive for COVID again. "This happens with a small minority of folks. I’ve got no symptoms but I am going to isolate myself for the safety of everyone around me. I’m still at work, and will be back on the road soon." He also noted that cases of serious illness and death from Covid were down by 90 percent in the United States. He added: "While COVID is still with us, our fight against this virus is making a difference. We can now protect ourselves from serious illness due to COVID, and COVID deaths are down nearly 90 percent." Mr Biden’s doctor said in a memo on Monday that the President "continues to feel well". READ MORE: Putin rocked as Zelensky's men obliterate 40-wagon train carrying ammo  Mr Biden was supposed to travel to Michigan on Tuesday to promote new legislation aimed at boosting the production of semiconductors in the US, a trip he is now unlikely to make. Other senior administration officials have tested positive for the virus in recent months, including vice-president Kamala Harris, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Attorney General Merrick Garland. The United States has suffered the most recorded deaths from Covid-19 of any country with more than one million deaths attributed to the disease. Although Covid deaths have dropped off significantly since the vaccine rollout in the country, the US saw an average of well over 300 Covid deaths per day in July 2022 according to the Centre for Disease Control. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Furious 'Irexiteers' lose patience with EU [LIVE]‘Floundering’ Harry’s US ambitions savaged by Sharon Osbourne [REPORT]‘Levitating ship' spotted floating over houses off Cornwall [PICTURES]  With the emergence of the BA.5 Omicron subvariant of the virus, there are fears of another Covid wave across the world. The variant is thought to be even more transmissible than the highly infectious Omicron variant, it is not, however, believed to be any more deadly. President Biden said that America was prepared for the subvariant and said his administration was ready to “manage” the situation using vaccines and treatments. He said in a tweet: "My team and I have been monitoring the BA.5 variant of COVID-19 for months. We're prepared, and we know how to manage this moment with the vaccines, treatments, and other tools we have made widely available." 