Meghan Markle has been pushing forward to use her platform to lobby politicians. The Duchess of Sussex called Senators Shelley Moore Capito and Susan Collins on a withheld number about paid parental leave and a climate policy by the US Government. Royal biographer Tom Bower has claimed the Duchess will have to "realign her image" to gain US support. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Bower said: "She plays the royal card the whole time. I don't think that will play well in an election for Congress or Senate if she did pursue politics. "I think they have to realign their image. In any case, they are burning their royal status pretty fast now. "I think they will, in the end, have to give that up because it won't wash." READ MORE: 'There are hints in the book' Bower lifts lid on 'royal racist' claims Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Mr Bower said: "She plays the royal card the whole time. I don't think that will play well in an election for Congress or Senate if she did pursue politics. "I think they have to realign their image. In any case, they are burning their royal status pretty fast now. "I think they will, in the end, have to give that up because it won't wash." It comes after royal expert Neil Sean has claimed Meghan's involvement in politics has left Prince Harry as a "house husband". Speaking on his YouTube channel, Mr Sean claimed: "As we've found out Meghan Markle says that she definitely will be going to Washington to support the causes that are close to her heart. "While she said previously that she doesn't demand or require a political career, it seems more and more that Meghan shines in the spotlight moving forward in a totally different avenue. "Prince Harry, the real royal, seems to be stepping back and becoming something of a househusband." Royal commentator Hilary Fordwich hit out at the Duchess of Sussex for getting involved in politics while using her title. Speaking to Dan Abrams on Newsnation, Ms Fordwich said: "Prince Harry obviously can't control his wife because he knows very well you can't be a renegade royal over here in the US because you're breaking centuries of the royals staying out of politics. "Not just American politics, all politics." It has since been reported Meghan is expected to make more of these calls. DON'T MISS Harry on brink of memoir U-turn after Royal Family 'rapprochement' [INSIGHT]Kate and William to show Harry and Meghan who 'the real royals are' [ANALYSIS]'There are hints in the book' Bower lifts lid on 'royal racist' claims [VIDEO] Access Hollywood reported: "These won't be the only calls Meghan Markle makes. "Democratic Senator Kirsten Gillibrand from New York was the one that gave Meghan the numbers to the US Senators. "She wants to be part of a working group to work on paid leave long term and she's going to be. "Whether this comes to fruition now or later, she'll be part of a group of women that hopefully will work on paid leave together."