The Sandman is on Netflix now and the Neil Gaiman TV series has won the hearts of many fans of the original comics. Tom Sturridge plays the title character and he comes across a number of heroes and villains throughout the show. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who else is in the cast. Boyd Holbrook plays the main antagonist, a nightmare who escapes The Dreaming and goes on a killing spree. Boyd is a 40-year-old American actor and model, known for playing DEA agent Steve Murphy in Narcos. The librarian of the Dreaming was Lucien in the original comics but bosses of the inclusive series decided to gender–flip the role. Vivienne Acheampong is known for her roles in The One, The Witches and Famalam.  Patton Oswalt provides the voice of Dream's sidekick, a talking raven He is an American stand-up comedian who has headlined comedy clubs all over the country. READ MORE: Gwendoline Christie height: How tall is Sandman star? John is one of the main antagonists of the series who gets his hands on Dream's ruby. He is played by David Thewlis, who stars as Remus Lupin in the Harry Potter films.  Johanna has the ability to send demons back to the underworld and she ends up assisting Dream. She is played by Jenna Coleman, known for playing Clara in Doctor Who and Jasmine Thomas in Emmerdale.  Lucifer is one of Dream's enemies in the series and the character may be back to kill him once and for all. Gwendoline Christie plays the role and she is known for starring in Game of Thrones as Brienne of Tarth. Death is Dream's sister and he is in awe of how she handles her job. She is played by Kirby Howell-Baptiste, a 35-year-old actress who has starred in Killing Eve and Downward Dog.  Hob is Dream's friend who has lived for hundreds of years. He is played by Ferdinand Kingsley, a 34-year-old British actor who has starred in Dracula Untold and Victoria.  Unity is Rose's grandmother in the series and she sacrifices herself by becoming the Vortex. She is played by Sandra James-Young, who is known for her roles in EastEnders, Doctors, Coronation Street and Casualty. DON'T MISS... The Sandman's Corinthian star details 'offputting' part of roleThe Sandman Vortex: What is a Vortex?The Sandman Fiddler's Green: Gilbert's identity explained Rose is the Vortex who has a strong connection with Dream, and he believes he must kill her to save the world. She is played by Vanesu Samunyai, formerly known as Kyo Ra, a Zimbabwean actress.  Lyta is Rose's friend who falls pregnant after dreaming about sleeping with her now-dead husband. She is played by Razane Jammal, a British-Lebanese actress known for her role in Paranormal. Jed is the younger brother of Rose who is abused by his foster father. He is played by Eddie Karanja, who has previously starred in Washington Black and Jack and the Beanstalk: After Ever After. Other recurring stars include Joely Richardson as Ethel Dee Burgess's fiancée and Niamh Walsh as young Ethel Cripps. Nina Wadia plays Fate Mother, starring alongside Souad Faress as Fate Crone and Dinita Gohil as Fate Maiden. Asim Chaudhry plays Abel, a resident of the Dreaming, with Mason Alexander Park as Desire, Dream's sibling. Cassie Clare stars as Mazikeen, a devoted follower of Lucifer Morningstar. John Cameron Mitchell plays Hal Carter, the host of the bed and breakfast Rose visits. Stephen Fry stars as Gilbert, whose true identity is Fiddler's Green. Mark Hamill features as the voice of Mervyn Pumpkinhead, a janitor who resembles a jack-o'-lantern. Donna Preston plays Despair, Dream's sister, with Lloyd Everitt playing Hector Hall, Lyta's dead husband. Ben Wiggins stars as Carl, Rose's house-sitter, with Andi Osho as Miranda Walker, Unity's granddaughter. Ann Ogbomo plays Gault's true form, who protects children from abuse. Cara Horgan and Daisy Badger play Chantal and Zelda, the gothic guests at Hal's B&B. Lily Travers and Richard Fleeshman star Barbie and Ken, who are also guests. Sam Hazeldine and Lisa O'Hare play Barnaby and Clarice, Jed's foster parents. Lenny Henry voices Martin Tenbones, a doglike creature who appears in Barbie's dreams. The guest cast list is as follows: Bill Paterson as Dr John Hathaway Laurie Kynaston as Alex Burgess Benjamin Evan Ainsworth as young Alex Burgess Benedick Blythe as older Alex Burgess Charles Dance as Sir Roderick Burgess Sanjeev Bhaskar as Cain, a resident of the Dreaming Meera Syal as Erica, a vicar who seeks out Johanna Constantine's help Claire Higgins as Mad Hettie, an acquaintance of Johanna Constantine Sarah Niles as Rosemary, a woman who helps John Martyn Ford as Squatterbloat Munya Chawawa as Choronzon Deborah Oyelade as Nada, a prehistoric African queen who was once with Morpheus Ernest Kingsley Jnr as Kai'ckul, Nada's partner Sam Strike as Todd Emma Duncan as Bette Munroe, a waitress at the diner John visits Steven Brand as Marsh Janowski, the diner chef Laurie Davidson as Mark Brewer, one of the diner guests Daisy Head as Judy, another diner guest James Udom as Garry, a diner guest Lourdes Faberes as Kate Fletcher, one of the diner guests Samuel Blenkin as Will Shaxberd Ian McNeice as a bartender Lewis Reeves as Philip Sitz, or "The Boogieman" at the cereal convention Roger Allam as the voice of Lord Azazel, a Duke of Hell   The Sandman is on Netflix now.