Bayern Munich star Leroy Sane has no desire to join Manchester United, it has been claimed. The Germany international has emerged as a shock target for Erik ten Hag after two underwhelming years at the Allianz Arena. However, it now seems like he’s poised to remain in Bavaria for the upcoming campaign - with the reigning Bundesliga champions having no plans to sell. Many thought Sane would be a transformative signing when he left Manchester City for Bayern back in the summer transfer window of 2020. However, the Germany international has often struggled for consistency during his spell in his homeland - blowing hot and cold under both Julian Nagelsmann and Hansi Flick. On Saturday, it emerged that United had enquired about potentially signing the 26-year-old. Ten Hag wants to bring in a new forward before the transfer window slams shut on September 1, with Edinson Cavani already gone and the futures of both Cristiano Ronaldo and Mason Greenwood up in the air. Yet Sport1 journalist Kerry Hau has claimed Sane doesn’t want to move to Old Trafford, and Bayern have no plans to sell the winger. “Everything unchanged: #Sané wants to stay, #FCBayern doesn't want to sell it either,” he said. “No change to #ManUnited.” Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Any deal for Sane would be controversial given how he previously won two Premier League titles playing for Manchester City. And, now, it seems like United will have to move on to other targets - with links to three players intensifying in recent days. Ten Hag would love to secure a reunion with Antony, who dazzled with eight goals and 12 assists as Ajax won the Eredivisie title last term. Yet the Dutch side don’t want to cut the Brazil international loose, especially after losing Lisandro Martinez, Sebastien Haller, Noussair Mazraoui and Ryan Gravenberch already this summer. Benjamin Sesko has emerged as a potential alternative to Antony, with the 19-year-old being compared to Erling Haaland. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join However, United aren’t the only team interested in the teenager. Chelsea want Sesko having lost Romelu Lukaku this summer, with the Belgium international returning to Inter Milan on loan after a disastrous first season back at Stamford Bridge. Real Madrid can’t be ruled out, either, with the La Liga and Champions League winners keen to sign a deputy for Karim Benzema. And Liverpool’s close relationship with Salzburg has seen them linked, too. A third option for United appears to be Marko Arnautovic, who scored 14 goals from 33 Serie A appearances for Bologna last term. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team But the Serie A giants have reportedly rebuffed an approach from the Red Devils, with the Austria international’s future now hanging in the balance. Meanwhile, speaking ahead of United’s clash with Brighton on Saturday, Ten Hag has urged members of his squad to bring the ‘fight’ back to the club. "Me, the coaching, the players, we have to do everything to bring success back on the pitch because on the pitch is where everything starts," said the Dutchman. "It starts there and on the training ground every day, you must make what you can, as an individual and also as a team. "The stadium I think is meant to bring fight and cooperation. But we have to give the example out on the pitch, we must have the right attitude and that attitude means hard work but also especially, it means being brave. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "If we bring that commitment then I think they [the fans] will like it and they will bring the fight back." However, he did urged fans to be patient as United gear up for the start of another new chapter. "I am looking forward to every game, as every game will be a challenge,” he stated. "We have to get the best out of it and of course there will be setbacks and disappointments, that's life, that's sports life and every club, every supporter, every team has to deal with it. That is the attitude we all need. “When we show it and you have a good plan, you will achieve success. I am 100 per cent convinced of that." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here