Arsenal have not followed up their interest in Leicester playmaker Youri Tielemans and a move now seems ‘unlikely’, according to reports. The Gunners have been strongly linked with the Belgian for over a year, but have focused on signing other targets this summer. Tielemans was expected to leave Leicester this summer as he has just a year remaining on his contract. Clubs could therefore have snapped up the former Anderlecht man for a cut-price fee in order for the Foxes to receive cash for the star rather than lose him for free in 12 months’ time. Arsenal and Manchester United are both reported to be interested in signing Tielemans, who endured an underwhelming campaign last term. Head coach Mikel Arteta is still believed to be monitoring the market for a central midfielder ahead of the September 1 transfer deadline. A move for Tielemans is reportedly unlikely, though. Arsenal are yet to follow up on their long-standing interest in the midfielder. JUST IN: Arsenal proven right over their own Torres as free transfer saga shows That is according to The Athletic, who claim that Leicester have been frustrated in their own summer transfer plans this year. Head coach Brendan Rodgers wanted five or six new players but the club needed to sell their own stars before they could refresh their squad. Tielemans was one of the players who was expected to leave but he now seems set to stay. He could be snapped up on a free transfer in 2023 unless he signs a fresh contract extension, which he has so far refused to do. There remains strong interest from other clubs in a couple of other Leicester players, though. Highly-rated defender Wesley Fofana is on Chelsea’s radar and the Blues are poised to make a third bid in the region of £80million for the France U21 starlet. DON'T MISS...Arsenal handed chance to revisit Juventus midfielder transferArsenal working on 'complicated and slow' transfer agreementArsenal's £25m transfer gamble could blow up in Mikel Arteta's face Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel is desperate to strengthen his defence with the addition of a younger centre-back. Fofana developed a reputation as one of Europe’s best young defenders before breaking his leg 12 months ago, and Leicester could enter negotiations if an £80m bid is indeed received. Midfielder James Maddison was the subject of repeated bids from Newcastle. A £40m proposal was laughed off by Rodgers, who quipped that the fee would not cover the cost of one of the 25-year-old’s limbs. Veteran striker Jamie Vardy is being monitored by Chelsea and Man Utd as a last resort to both clubs’ striker crisis, 90min claim. Leicester are trying to tie down the former England man to a new deal.