A new poll has shown that Scotland would vote for independence regardless of who wins the Conservative Party leadership battle. The Sunday Times/Panelbase survey found that 48 percent supported independence while 51 percent were against it. However, support for remaining in the UK dropped to 48 percent in a scenario where Liz Truss becomes the next Prime Minister and 49 percent if it is Rishi Sunak. Ms Truss raised eyebrows recently when she branded Nicola Sturgeon an attention seeker and said she should be "ignored". If the Scottish First Minister does achieve her independence goal, one of her main aims, it is believed, is to take Scotland back into the EU. In May, pro-independence campaigners made a stunning suggestion. Campaign group Europe For Scotland spokesperson Anthony Barnett suggested that the EU could grant Scotland access to its £600billion Covid recovery fund. He argued this would help to “cover the costs of separating from England” and for the “creation of a new Scottish currency”. Mr Barnett told The National: “[The EU should say] it will do whatever it takes so that independence becomes a practical realistic route of rejoining the European Union as a free country. That should be the choice. “What Europe For Scotland is saying is we have to persuade the European Union not to treat independence as an internal question of the British Isles. Now that Britain has left it is an external question which it can address in advance. “With Brexit the European Union passed a motion formally saying if Northern Ireland wishes to unite with the South it will immediately become part of the European Union. “It should now do the same for Scotland. It remains a free choice for the Scottish people, but they should know before they make the choice that they are going to be supported in such an outcome.” At the time of his comments, Mr Barnett estimated that his campaign group had 14,000 members and 50 ambassadors working in European countries like France, Germany and Italy. The group's work includes recruiting ambassadors and lobbying Brussels to try and convince them to give Scotland fast-track membership of the bloc. EU leaders have said little regarding the possibility of Scotland joining the bloc. Commission President Ursula von der Leyen was asked about this in 2020 by Hungarian MEP István Ujhelyi. Ms Von der Leyen replied: “Any European State, which respects and promotes the values of the EU, may apply to become a member of the Union.” Then European Council president Donald Tusk said in February 2020 that Scotland would be welcomed enthusiastically by the EU. READ MORE: Ruth Davidson v Nicola Sturgeon: who do you back on future of Union? He told the BBC: “Emotionally I have no doubt that everyone will be enthusiastic here in Brussels, and more generally in Europe." Yet, on Brexit day in 2020, the EU made its stance on Scotland clear: displayed across the European Commission Building in Brussels was the message: "Europe-Scotland" — the "o" in Scotland replaced with a love heart. Sharing a photo of the building on Twitter, Ms Sturgeon wrote: "The EU Commission building in Brussels tonight (and if you look carefully you’ll see that they do appear to have left a light on for us!)". Meanwhile, the First Minister will be buoyed by a new poll which shows support for rejoining the EU has increased in Scotland. The Panelbase survey for the Sunday Times found that 72 percent of those asked said they would vote Remain, a 10 point increase from the percentage who did so in 2016. As Ms Sturgeon looks to build momentum for a vote on independence in 2023, polling expert John Curtice gave his analysis. DON'T MISSInternational embarrassment!' Sturgeon savaged over bin worker strike [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon slammed over SNP rail nationalisation push 'Disaster!' [ANALYSIS]Even SNP voters refuse to back Sturgeon's indyref2 plan [INSIGHT] Speaking to the Times, he said: "Simply arguing that another referendum should not be held at all seems unlikely to win many converts. “While 44 percent oppose a referendum in the next five years, 48 percent are in favour. "And only 37 percent believe the UK government should make the decision on another ballot, while 52 percent reckon the Scottish government should do so. "Ultimately the union will only be safe if people in Scotland come to believe in it. But it is far from clear that the next prime minister will have the right strategy to achieve that.” However, Ms Sturgeon is facing resistance from some, including by one of her former advisers. Alex Bell, a former SNP special advisor, has accused the First Minister of playing "political games" over independence. As quoted by the Daily Telegraph, Mr Ball said the UK has the power to decide if a vote is held, and dismissed Ms Sturgeon's current plan as a "waste of time and money".