Lorraine Kelly has already been linked to Strictly Come Dancing but it has since been claimed she would be heading to the jungle instead for this year's I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! The veteran broadcaster has since taken to Twitter and addressed the rumours. The 62-year-old admitted she loved Ant McPartlin's and Declan Donnelly's reality series but immediately shut down claims she would ever eat a "kangaroos bumhole". It comes after the presenter retweeted an article where the bookies had tipped the on-screen star to take part in the show later this year. The post read: "@reallorraine tipped for I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here after denying Strictly rumours #lorraine." Taking to the micro-blogging site, Lorraine denied she would be a new contestant in the reality series. READ MORE: Ozzy Osbourne's appearance has fans distracted at Commonwealth Games In view of her 710,000 followers, she penned: "FFS - again another terrific show to watch but there’s no way on God’s green earth I’m eating a kangaroos bum hole in front of @antanddec (or indeed anyone - or alone - just no!)." Fans reacted to Lorraine's tweet as @minecartmayhem penned: "Nothing worse than gagging on a kangaroo knacker for breakfast." @itsleepeart commented: "It will be Celebrity Naked Attraction next!" @gazpen quizzed: "What about Dancing On Ice?"  @griersonjudy added: "This could go on for some time - Love Island, Big Brother, Dancing on Ice to name but a few." It comes after Lorraine was forced to deny claims she would appear on Strictly. The ITV favourite claimed there was "more chance" of her appearing on Love Island than taking part in the dance competition. The presenter retweeted an article that made the claims but Lorraine shut the rumours down. DON'T MISS... Monty Don in emotional embrace with 'bemused' new family arrival[LATEST]John Travolta pens tribute to 'dearest' Olivia Newton-John amid death[TRIBUTES]Kevin Bacon unveils ageless appearance just days before sad loss[PICTURES] She wrote: "Aye right!  - I love Strictly but there’s more chance of me being a contestant on Love Island." But some fans urged the Scottish-born presenter to take to the dancefloor and showcase her moves. Twitter user, @jsjbryning penned: "You should give it a twirl Lorraine you may surprise yourself." @yragina tweeted: "You are saying there’s a chance." @Mckinnon teased: "How about doing Strictly on Love Island?" @baileysara added: "That would be hilarious. I’d watch it then." Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One next month. I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! returns to ITV later this year.