Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been called out by ex-Tottenham midfielder Jamie O’Hara for his refusal to start Darwin Nunez against Fulham on Saturday as the Reds stuttered to a 2-2 draw in their Premier League opener. And O’Hara also believes Klopp made a mistake in allowing Sadio Mane to leave this summer and expecting Luis Diaz to replicate his goal threat. “It was a poor result for Liverpool, you do not draw against Fulham in the first game of the season if you have title aspirations,” O’Hara told talkSPORT’s new Gameday Phone-In. “Nunez had to start for me. It’s very disappointing from Jurgen Klopp on that decision. “Nunez came off the bench and caused havoc. If he starts the game, Liverpool probably win that game comfortably. Fulham were excellent - they went after Liverpool. Liverpool didn’t turn up in my opinion. I thought they were shocking in the first half and didn’t really get going. When Nunez came on they changed a little bit. “For me, Liverpool have lost Sadio Mane and I don’t think they’ve replaced him yet. I don’t think Luis Diaz is going to get the same numbers that Mane got and that might be a mistake. I really do think that’s going to be a mistake from Liverpool.” READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer Klopp’s team looked out of sorts for much of the encounter at Craven Cottage as Aleksandar Mitrovic put the hosts ahead just after the half-hour mark when he powered a header into the roof of the net. Nunez then pulled his side level midway through the second period, just 13 minutes after coming on as a substitute as he turned in Mohamed Salah’s cross. The Uruguay international’s introduction was transformational as the Reds looked much more threatening in front of goal. But Fulham restored their advantage with 18 minutes remaining as Mitrovic struck from the penalty spot after being brought down by Virgil van Dijk. Liverpool pushed forward as the match wore on, however, and claimed a share of the spoils as Salah bundled the ball home late on. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel delivers updates on Aubameyang and CucurellaChelsea have 10 players who could leave after Azpilicueta's Barcelona snubAlexander-Arnold makes worrying Liverpool admission ahead of Fulham opener  The Reds’ afternoon was made all the more difficult after influential midfielder Thiago was forced off with an injury during the early stages of the second period. And O’Hara says Klopp needs to bring in new faces if he wants his side to compete for honours this season. “After the Thiago injury, Liverpool’s midfield ended up being Jordan Henderson, James Milner and Harvey Elliott,” the former midfielder added. “Come on, get your chequebook out. You’ve got to sign a midfielder because if Thiago picks up more injuries, they’re struggling.” 