Natalie Cassidy overhauled her health in recent years by cutting out certain "downfall" foods and ramping up her fitness regime to shed 42lbs. The Eastenders actress previously told the Daily Express Saturday magazine that she has “sworn off take-outs". She also eliminated other fattening foods from her diet which many people may enjoy snacking on. In order to take on a healthier diet, the 39-year-old said she had cut out "cheese, crisps and dips", which she previously said were her "downfall". Natalie, instead, began to focus on eating more home-cooked meals. Often sharing recipes on her Instagram, Natalie previously posted a photo holding a bowl of healthy stuffed peppers that she made herself. READ MORE: Paul Newman: Risk factors of the 'horrible' disease that killed actor She said: “I am not a chef, I don’t claim to be a brilliant cook and I am not going on Masterchef (although I’d love to!) but I do love cooking. I love recipe books and recipe shows.” The mum of two also decided to rapidly reduce her alcohol intake. Alcohol is an easy way to pile on the pounds, according to the NHS, because of the liquid calories. The NHS' Live Well advice states: "Drinking four bottles of wine a month adds up to a yearly consumption of around 27,000kcal, which is equivalent to eating 48 Big Macs per year. "Drinking five pints of lager each week adds up to 44,200kcal over a year, equivalent to eating 221 doughnuts." Natalie said she'd reduced her alcohol intake in order to lose weight and only drank white wine in moderation. However, it wasn't just changing her diet that worked towards helping Natalie achieve her weight loss goals. She also began running, which was part of her training for the London Marathon in 2019. She ran 18 miles in just one day of her training which helped her to burn a huge number of calories. The actress also shared how being part of a running group helped her to stay on track. Speaking on the podcast RunPod, the actress said: “We’ve suddenly become this little team of people and we’re so close, we’ve got WhatsApp groups and we go out together and we post our runs and it gives us motivation.” Running is one form of exercise which is recommended by the NHS. DON'T MISSEyesight: The drink that 'significantly' increases risk of cataracts [REPORT]Dementia: The simple smell test that could detect Alzheimer’s disease [EXPLAINER]Hair loss: Scientists find potential treatment for baldness [INSIGHT] According to the NHS: "Running and aerobic exercises to help get you moving and improve your fitness." The health service offers its own "NHS Couch to 5k" app which helps people gradually work towards running 5km in just nine weeks. The plan involves three runs a week, with a day of rest in between, and a different schedule for each of the nine weeks.