Susanna Reid, 51, took to Twitter and shared her delight after Martin Lewis is set to join Good Morning Britain as a show host. The money expert is set to host Martin’s Money Mondays on the ITV programme this September, alongside the main presenter. Martin, 50, has landed a regular spot on GMB as the nation faces a cost of living crisis while the energy cap keeps rising. It comes amid predictions that an annual energy bill is likely to hit £4,266 for the average household in the UK. The money-saving expert has regularly been holding the government to account, having previously slammed "zombie" Tories for sleepwalking on the energy bill crisis. Martin has long assumed a cost of living crisis was on the horizon and has previously likened the situation to a natural disaster. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire  Susanna has since reacted to the news as she shared her delight at sharing her Monday mornings with the financial expert. In view of her 883,000 followers, she penned: "So pleased that the best consumer expert in the business will be a regular in September: Martin Lewis hosts Good Morning Britain ‘Money Mondays’ amid cost of living crisis." The GMB presenter also shared the news via her own Instagram account which she accompanied with a photo of the duo. She penned: "MARTIN’S MONEY MONDAYS Thrilled that the best consumer expert in the business @martinlewismse is joining @gmb in September to support viewers through the #costoflivingcrisis.  "He will kick start the week hosting alongside me and the team @gmb with his unrivalled insight & skill. From Monday 5th September." Celebrity pals and alike flocked to comment, as Steph McGovern wrote: "That's cracking." Vitesse remarked: "That should be helpful to many people or give them some got ideas." Jo commented: "You couldn’t get a better person on board for the job." DON'T MISS... Ben Affleck's wife Jennifer Lopez shares new wedding pics[LATEST]Piers Morgan reacts to Meghan's fears after Archie's room caught fire[ROYALS]Janette Manrara shows off toned legs in sequinned dress[PICTURES] Natalie added: "They should make him your new permanent co-host!" Addressing his new role, Martin said: "I’ve been the Money Saving Expert for over 20 years – and in that time I’ve never seen anything like the cost of living crisis hitting the nation today, focused around the sickening rises in energy bills. Millions of families risk being forced into poverty by it." He continued: "Sadly right now the best I can hope to offer many of those families is damage limitation, only the politicians have the power to provide actual solutions. "So sitting alongside Susanna each Monday, I’m glad GMB is giving us a dual purpose of practical help and holding power to account." Susanna added: "I’m delighted to have Martin by my side on Mondays this September tackling such an important issue head on. "People are being forced to make impossible decisions and may not know where to turn, so tune in for some advice, support and hope." Neil Thompson, Editor at Good Morning Britain, said: "The most pressing concern for everyone in the country right now is the cost of living. We want to do what’s best by our viewers – and there’s no-one better than our very own Martin Lewis to help navigate what is, sadly, set to be a very, very tough winter." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6am.