Former flight attendant Celina Bedding told Express.co.uk that passengers should "avoid" casual items of clothing if they want to get better seats on the plane. Celina explained that if the crew need to upgrade someone, "they will look for people who they understand won't disturb the other passengers that actually paid for those expensive seats". Dressing very casual or relaxed can sometimes give flight attendants the wrong impression, so it is always best to avoid it, she claimed. According to Celina, crew members are more likely to move those passengers who "dress smarter" to the first class section. The flight attendant shared "what you need to wear", which could be a fairly simple and comfortable look. READ MORE: Britons should use 'shampoo bottle' to avoid being robbed on holiday  Passengers can opt for a blazer and jeans, or a casual "work or business attire," Celina explained. During the summer months when going on holidays abroad, however, it may be more difficult to wear formal clothing. The flight attendant recommended wearing "long dresses" for women, which "always look nice". Celina warned passengers should "avoid" items of clothing such as open-toed shoes or sandals and flip-flops in summer if they are looking for a free upgrade.  She also urged travellers to "never wear sweatpants, and... leggings!" Travel experts at Forbes Advisor backed this up and explained that "while dressing in your finest clothes is no guarantee for an upgrade, a smart outfit will certainly enhance your chances of being chosen". First-class passengers often dress smart and "airlines will want to ensure anyone they bump to first class looks the part". The experts said that travellers shouldn't "feel the need to dress in anything extravagant." READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip  However, they should "avoid items that are too casual," such as "flip flops and cargo shorts". Celina also shared other tips to increase the chances to get moved to first class including "always being nice to the crew" and "arrive early for check-in". "You probably hear that a lot, but it actually may benefit you more than you think. "If the economy class is full and there are free seats in the business or even first class, they may upgrade you in that case," she explained. The experts at Forbes Advisor added: "If you want to improve your chances of a free first class seat, try checking in either very early – or last minute. "If you arrive several hours early for your flight, you’re most likely to beat off any competition for first class or business tickets - and avoid missing out to someone who got there before you. "Chances are if the economy cabin has been overbooked, airlines will want to rectify this sooner rather than later to avoid causing delays." 