The Sandman will be landing on Netflix imminently, following the life of the ruler of the dream world Morpheus (played by Tom Sturridge). Based on Neil Gaiman's comic book series of the same name, there is already a loyal fanbase in place for the upcoming series. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch The Sandman. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Sandman. The Sandman will be making its debut on Netflix on Friday, August 12 with all 10 episodes coming out in one go. Exactly when it is going to come out on the streaming service, however, does depend on viewers' geographical location. Due to the various time zones, The Sandman will be dropped on Netflix at the same moment but at different times. As Netflix's headquarters is based in California, the drama will technically first land on the platform for those living in the Pacific Time Zone. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history The Sandman is going to be released on Netflix just after 12am PT on August 12. For those living on the east coast of the USA, they can expect the same lot of episodes to come out at 3am ET. Meanwhile, UK subscribers will be treated to The Sandman at 8am BST. As the majority of the rest of Europe runs around one hour ahead of the UK, the series will be out about 9am for them. All 10 episodes of The Sandman are going to be released in one go on Netflix, wherever fans are in the world. Each instalment has a running time of around 45 minutes so it won't be something to binge-watch in one day. But the hard-core fans will be able to dedicate their weekends to The Sandman, if they wish to do so. Going by the show's plot, The Sandman sounds like it will be a gripping watch. DON'T MISS...England’s Alessia Russo details what was on Germany tactics note [EXPLAINER]The Sandman release date, cast, trailer, plot: When is it on Netflix? [RELEASE DATE]‘It hurt’ Nina Wadia on pain of making The Sandman for Netflix [CAST] The fantasy drama will revolve around Morpheus who controls all dreams. He was captured and held as a prisoner for 100 years by mortals but when he does get out, everything has changed since his rule. Morpheus must travel across different worlds and timelines in order to try and fix the chaos that occurred in his absence. But will he be able to repair the mess which has been a century in the making? The official Netflix description reads: "A rich blend of modern myth and dark fantasy in which contemporary fiction, historical drama and legend are seamlessly interwoven. "The Sandman follows the people and places affected by Morpheus, the Dream King, as he mends the cosmic - and human - mistakes he's made during his vast existence." Joining Sturridge in the cast will be Gwendoline Christie, Boyd Holbrook, Stephen Fry and David Thewlis. The Sandman premieres on Friday, August 12, on Netflix.