Brits are being advised to check their Wi-Fi routers as the UK heatwave could interfere with people's broadband connections. The UK is about to be hit by another heatwave which will run from Thursday to Sunday, with the mercury set to hit as high as 35C in some areas. And ahead of this experts at comparison site Uswitch are warning that the hot temperatures can have an impact on some of the tech people use on a daily basis. Simple tips such as keeping gadgets out of direct sunlight, placing devices in well ventilated rooms and ensuring tech products are turned off when you're not using it can all help you avoid potential overheating and damage caused by it. In fact, if you place your Wi-Fi router in a poor position in your house or flat during the heatwave it could even lead to your broadband connection suffering. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Catherine Hiley, telecoms expert at Uswitch.com, said: "Just when we thought the high temperatures were over for this year, another heatwave is here and it looks set to last longer. While you’re trying to keep cool, bear in mind that your tech could also struggle. "Most modern devices are built to withstand temperatures up to 35 degrees as long as they’re well ventilated - but unusually hot weather, or leaving a device in the sun, could mean those temperatures are quickly exceeded. "Laptops, computers, mobiles, tablets, games consoles and Wi-Fi routers all require good ventilation to get rid of excess heat when in use. So make sure they have enough room to breathe and avoid keeping them in direct sunlight." Some devices such as Apple iPhones will send users an alert when the device reaches a certain temperature and is at risk of overheating. However, you won't get these handy alerts with all pieces of tech you have lying around your house - so it's best to double check where you've placed these gadgets and move accordingly. Advising Brits on how to keep their broadband router safe, Hiley recommended the following steps... Location — Ensure your router is kept away from direct sunlight, particularly during the warmer months. Avoid window sills and try a cooler space in the centre of your home. Air circulation — Keep your router in a ventilated area to allow the device to regulate its temperature. Don’t tuck it behind furniture or other large items, which could make it heat up and potentially impact your broadband strength. Disconnect unused devices — Turn off the Wi-Fi on gadgets you’re not using, even if they’re in a drawer. They may be adding unnecessary strain to your bandwidth.