Those living in the new housing development claim the housing developer has struggled to maintain the green areas since moving off-site just under a year ago. One woman, who moved onto the Morley Carr Farm estate in Yarm, North Yorkshire, in 2018, claims the housing developer, Taylor Wimpey, is "not doing anything" despite multiple residents raising concerns. Problems on the estate include an "unfinished" play park that is fenced off, which they claim is "creating anti-social behaviour," and green areas "inundated with weeds". Drainage problems are also reportedly plaguing unfinished paths along the site, with one resident saying she had to wear wellies to get through standing water in winter, reports Teesside Live. A Taylor Wimpey spokesperson said that residents have received fortnightly communications to keep them informed of the site progress, and "sincerely apologise for the delay" in the completion of some of the site's facilities. The woman, who moved from Ingleby Barwick, said that when Taylor Wimpey was still on the site, the green areas were being kept clean and tidy, but that it all changed when the final house was sold. She said families on the estate will eventually have to pay a maintenance charge once the council adopts the estate. The 35-year-old, who is the mother of a 19-month-old son, said: "At the moment, it's still Taylor Wimpey who has the responsibility of the area. The last house sold around September last year, and they moved off-site and the contractors went. The main road was surfaced and all the speed bumps were done, and then [the site] has just been left. "The cycle paths around the estate aren't completed, they're all still grass. There is a play park and a bowling green that is meant to have been completed. The contractors have put the play park equipment in but it is still all fenced off and nobody can get access to it. Kids are breaking into the play park to get access, so it's creating anti-social behaviour." She added that the equipment has been at the site since the autumn of last year but "nobody has been back to finish it" and that the green areas are "an absolute mess" after weeds were left to grow. She explained: "In the springtime, the grass wasn't getting cut. The drainage, the top corner just floods - all winter it's standing water. The SUDS basin (pond and water drainage area) has not been landscaped, the gravel has not been finished. When we were walking the dog, I couldn't get the pushchair and the dog through unless I had a pair of wellies on." The mother, who wanted to remain nameless, said she emailed them asking when they would be finishing the site and fixing the issues, arguing that they could not "got through yet another winter where we can't walk around." A petition was then set up by angry residents who "didn't know what else to do" regarding the issues, which had 114 signatures at the time of publication. The aim of this was to urge Taylor Wimpey to "deliver a fit for purpose park on par with your other sites." The woman added that the estate was marketed to her as being a "mirror image of the Wynyard development" where "their play park is all finished and done up." She added: "They're building three miles down the road at Eaglescliffe. Why can't they get contractors to come and finish our development? It's going to be a really lovely estate but it needs finishing!" A Taylor Wimpey spokesperson said: "We sincerely apologise for the delay in completing the new facilities at our Morley Carr Farm development and would like to assure residents that we remain committed to delivering the play park, cycle path, and bowling green as soon as possible. “A programme of regular maintenance of the development is in place and a landscaper visits fortnightly to carry out essential works. We are in regular contact with residents and would like to thank them for their continued cooperation and patience whilst outstanding works are completed." They added that the play park and cycle path are expected to be complete within the next three to six months, with the bowling green expected to be finished within the next three months. The housing developer said the pond/drainage areas are working as expected and that a number of trees will be replaced in November.