It's that time of year when people are jetting off on holiday to get some well-deserved sun and relaxation. But for those keen to stick to their diet plans and keep fit while away from home, Dr Michael Mosley revealed his "crucial" tips for doing just that. It's important to note that people should seek to enjoy themselves on holiday, and not be too tied down to a strict diet or punish themselves if they eat something off-plan. And while Dr Mosley pointed out consistency is "crucial" to weight loss, it is easy enough to get back on track after the holiday is finished. So, while people might take a break from the strict aspect of their diet plans, he offered some top tips for maintaining a healthy balance and to keep the weight off. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Walking can be hugely beneficial for weight control because it can burn a lot of calories. According to the Mayo Clinic, 30 minutes of brisk walking can burn around 150 calories, so if a person adds that to their daily routine, they can burn over 1,000 calories more a week. According to Dr Mosley, it's also good for the mind as it is a great way to keep active outside of a structured workout routine. "Walking is a great way to see more sights and stay active," he said. "If it’s not too far, and you’re fairly fit and healthy, walk or cycle to your sightseeing locations." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Dr Mosley's famed for his 5:2 and Fast 800 diets, that promote intermittent fasting eating routines. He calls it "time restricted eating", which involves fasting for a 12-hour period every 24 hours. On top of weight loss, he also claims that following this eating pattern offers people a number of benefits including mood improvement and an increase in energy levels. Plus, it's easy to do on holiday too. Plus, it's easy to do on holiday too. Dr Mosley recommended checking what the latest available time to eat is at the hotel or accommodation where people are staying. "There is mounting evidence that it is better if you finish your evening meal earlier, rather than having a late meal, skipping breakfast, and then going to lunchtime," he explained. "You might try moving [breakfast] a little bit later to 10am. In that case, you might want to have something like a meal replacement shake for breakfast, which might be more convenient if you're travelling." Pushing breakfast back to 10am means that those following the intermittent fasting plan can eat until around 6pm. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Alcohol contains a lot of hidden calories and can be one of the underlying reasons people put on weight. But if a person fancies a drink when they're on holiday, Dr Mosley recommends opting for a red wine. It is a choice that is included on a popular weight loss diet - the Mediterranean diet - and research suggests that having the occasional glass can be good for you as it includes antioxidants that may promote longevity and can help protect against heart disease and harmful inflammation, among other benefits. There's always a chance people can be caught short of food when out and about exploring a new city or sat on the beach. So Dr Molsey advised it's a good idea to prepare some food options before hand to ensure a healthy treat is never out of reach. He recommended to pack protein snacks such as nuts, seeds and fruit, which is always good sweeter fix. But he warned: "Fruit is great if you’re healthy but if you have weight to lose, then switching to less sugary fruits like apples and berries might be wise."