In just a few weeks time, the energy price cap is forecast to rise a further 65 percent from the current £1,971 to a staggering £3,582. Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis has been urging bill payers to look into fixed tariffs now as it could work out cheaper in the long run. Energy bills are causing people financial pain and unfortunately things are only going to get worse as autumn draws nearer. The average annual bill is expected to cost £3,582 a year, that's £355 a month compared to the current average of £164 a month. However, some people could save by setting up a fixed tariff now especially if they are with Octopus energy. It could also provide people with peace of mind that they will be paying the same amount. READ MORE: Mum explains how she earns extra £230 for just two hours work a week An Octopus Energy spokesperson said: "If a customer is looking for security and prefers to know how much they will pay for energy each month for the next year, they may want to fix their prices. "If a customer prefers to wait to see if energy prices come down again over the next months, they could stay or move onto our SVT, and for example fix it at a later date." Octopus Energy's standard variable tariff is currently capped £50 cheaper than the price cap at £1,921. Writing on the Money Saving Expert website, Mr Lewis said: “The gas and electricity market is in crisis." DON'T MISSGoodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [UPDATE]State pension age set to rise to 68 - are you affected? [WARNING]State pensioners on track for bumper pay rise as inflation hits 10.1% [ALERT]Thrifty dad who saved £10,000 shares his extreme money saving tips [INSIGHT]  Martin continued: “Many are paying double what they were a year ago, and another huge hike is expected in October. “So understandably the big question I'm being asked is, 'Should I stick on the price cap, or lock into a fixed energy tariff?' “If you're offered a year's fix at no more than 95 percent above your current price-capped tariff, or 100 percent more if you very strongly value budgeting certainty, it's worth considering.” People can use the Should You Fix calculator on the MSE website to get a better idea of whether it’s a good idea to fix now.     What is the energy bills support scheme? Octopus Energy recently introduced a financial hardship fund of £6million for households struggling to pay their energy bills. A spokesperson said: "We talk to 40,000 customers a day, and we know how hard it is right now for many people. “We are in frequent dialogue with the government and our regulator Ofgem on how best to address this and are doing all we can to help customers ourselves in the meantime.”   Other companies have also set up energy bills support schemes so it’s worth getting in touch with them if people are struggling. Millions of Britons will receive non-repayable discounts on their energy bills this winter, as part of the Energy Bills Support Scheme. The £400 discount will be applied over several months by energy companies from October. Some eight million people on means-tested benefits will receive a further £650 in additional help - half of which should already have been paid. 