Chelsea chief Todd Boehly has teamed up with Newcastle’s Saudi owners in a new investment project away from football. Boehly completed his takeover of the Blues at the end of May after previous owner Roman Abramovich had put the club on the market. Boehly is the co-founder of Cain International alongside his fellow Chelsea director Jonathan Goldstein, who is currently the firm’s chief executive. And on Monday it was announced that Cain International and the Saudi Public Investment Fund, which owns Newcastle, had invested nearly £750million into Aman Group, a company that owns luxury hotels and apartments. The development comes after the Daily Mail revealed that the Public Investment Fund has billions of pounds managed by Chelsea’s new majority shareholder Clearlake Capital. And on Sunday, two of the Magpies owners - Amanda Staveley and Mehrdad Ghodoussi - were guests in an executive box at Stamford Bridge as the Blues took on Tottenham in the Premier League. Staveley and Ghodoussi are believed to have used their time with the Chelsea hierarchy to discuss transfers and the possibility of taking Blues players on loan. The two sets of owners are clearly on good terms - but sources at Stamford Bridge have already insisted that there was no Saudi involvement in Clearlake’s takeover of the club. READ MORE: Chelsea make 'fresh' Gordon bid as chat with Lampard comes to light    Following the new investment project, the Public Investment Fund took to Twitter to share its news and wrote: “PIF has invested $900m alongside Cain International in Aman Group to accelerate its global expansion of ultra-luxury hotels and branded residences, in line with the PIFstrategy 2021-2025. “Turqi Alnowaiser, Deputy Governor of PIF and Head of International Investments Division commented: ‘Our investment in Aman Group reflects PIF’s belief in the current potential of the hospitality and tourism industry, both internationally and in Saudi Arabia.’ The investment is in line with PIF’s strategy to invest in promising sectors to achieve sustainable, attractive returns in Saudi Arabia and globally.” DON'T MISS Gary Neville leaves studio in stitches with comment on Ten Hag Newcastle boss Eddie Howe ‘makes Chelsea ace his prime target’ Chelsea ‘discussing’ Anthony Gordon swap deal after failed £40m bid    Chelsea and Newcastle have both enjoyed decent starts to the new Premier League season and are sitting in the top half of the table following their first two matches. The Blues opened their campaign with a 1-0 victory against Everton, before drawing 2-2 with Tottenham. Newcastle, meanwhile, defeated Nottingham Forest 1-0 in their opener, before securing a 0-0 draw at Brighton. The Magpies are set to host Chelsea at St James’ Park in mid-November, with the two sides then going head-to-head in west London on the final day of the campaign at the end of next May. 