Two Ukrainian players have called out the US Open for inviting Belarusian world No 22 Victoria Azarenka to compete in their upcoming charity match to raise money for the efforts in Ukraine. Marta Kostyuk and Lesia Tsurenko said they would be snubbing the exhibition after organisers failed to ask if they were comfortable with a Belarusian playing, and slammed Azarenka for failing to condemn the war in the past. The US Open recently announced that they would be implementing a number of measures to raise money for Ukraine’s efforts in the war, including staging an exhibition match with the likes of Rafael Nadal and Coco Gauff a week before the final Grand Slam of the season started. Organisers also revealed that they had “strongly considered” following in Wimbledon’s footsteps by implementing a ban on Russian and Belarusian players but instead thought it would send a stronger message to allow them to compete and invite them to the charity match, with Azarenka accepting their invitation to play. But two top Ukrainian players have now slammed the tournament’s decision to try and include players from the two nations that had caused their country devastation, confirming they had opted not to play in the exhibition. “Of course, I received an invitation. I think all our players got them,” Ukrainian world No 74 Kostyuk told BTU. JUST IN: Roger Federer hints that injury comeback is closer than ever  The 20 year old - who has been vocal on the impact of the war in her country - said that former world No 23 Tsurenko was the only other Ukrainian player she discussed the charity match with. She continued: “When Lesia Tsurenko and I found out - I'm only talking about us now, because we didn't ask anyone - so when we found out that there would be representatives of Russia or Belarus at this event, I immediately said that I will not participate in this.” The Kyiv-born player slammed both the US Open and Azarenka for appearing to feign interest in helping Ukraine, claiming that the tournament didn’t care what players from the nation thought. “First of all, no one asked the Ukrainian athletes if they wanted any of these players to be present. Of course, no one is interested in this, it is the Independence Day of Ukraine, but what Ukrainians think is not interesting, is it? “Secondly, I did not understand the reason why they called Victoria Azarenka. There was no open help from her in our direction. She did not communicate with me, but I know that she communicated with Serhiy Stakhovsky, with Gael Monfils in Madrid.” DON'T MISS Norrie crashes out of Cincinnati Open after straight sets Coric lossTsitsipas claims Medvedev 'tried too hard' after winning in CincinnatiMedvedev dismisses Lewis Hamilton as tennis ace praises Max Verstappen   The former world No 49 then took aim at the two-time Aussie Open champion for accepting to play the exhibition without any history of supporting Ukrainian players. “Although I was one of the most active in my statements, she had no contact with me. There was probably no desire to talk either,” Kostyuk said of the former No 1.  “So I don't understand why she's called, I can't understand why she's even going to do this. Knowing what kind of relationship she has with all of us. It didn't happen that she met with all of us and said, they say, girls and boys, here's 10 thousand for you, please, you know who needs to be helped. It wasn't close to that. She has no personal good relations with us.”  The 20-year-old also said she and her fellow Ukrainians didn’t want to see the Russian and Belarusian players on tour, making it even more painful for Azarenka to accept the invitation to play in the charity match. “I don't understand how human it really is. Why does she do it and why does she go for it,” she questioned. “Purely human, because she knows from our words how we cannot tolerate them here, how we want them not to be at any tournament, like in England. Despite this, she goes for it.” 