A new £5 coin collection has been revealed by the Royal Mint which pays tribute to the Queen's life and reign. Each of the three coins in the collection focuses on a different theme and were designed by Irish artist and illustrator, PJ Lynch. One of the coins focuses on the Queen's awards and honours, while another highlights the monarch's work with charities and as a patron. The third coin celebrates the Commonwealth, which the Queen has passionately supported and represented for 70 years. All three of the coins include the Queen's iconic signature, 'Elizabeth R'. Mr Lynch said of his designs: "When creating this series, I initially focused on the Queen's hands; she is so often shaking hands - it is how she welcomes and communicates with the people she meets.  READ MORE: Queen's picture to be replaced on new coin "It led me to consider her signature, which is so symbolic, an instrument of state when she signs official documents, but also her personal promise and commitment." The coins have been released to mark the Queen's unprecedented Platinum Jubilee year. Nicola Howell, director of chief commercial officer at the Royal Mint, said: "This year marks a truly special moment in royal history - Her Majesty the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. "To celebrate Her Majesty's incredible reign, we are delighted to unveil a unique collection which features her signature on all three coins for the first time.  "As the official maker of UK coins, we're proud to have struck each coin of Her Majesty's reign and this special collection pays tribute to her commitment to the Commonwealth, patronage and charitable work." Coin collectors or those just wishing to purchase a piece of coinage history can do so via the Royal Mint website. The Commonwealth and the Charity and Patronage designs are currently available to purchase as a Brilliant Uncirculated Coin, a Silver Proof Coin, and a Silver Proof Piedfort Coin. DON'T MISS:Rare coins: £2 coin could be worth £100 after design error spotted [ANALYSIS]'Most sought after' 50p coin sold for staggering £175 [INSIGHT]Flower: How to keep fresh flowers ‘alive for longer’ - ‘the prime way’ [EXPLAINED]  For those willing to splash a bit more cash, there is also a 1/4oz Gold Proof Coin and a Gold Proof Coin. The Brilliant Uncirculated Coins for all three designs are sold for £13 each. And for those looking to buy the most expensive in the collection, the Gold Proof Coin, they can do so for £2,865. While many coins are currently in stock, some are available to order. 