Members of the Royal Family have embraced social media over the past years. The Queen debuted on Twitter in April 2009, followed within a few years by Clarence House and Kensington Palace. Today, senior royals have a strong presence also on Instagram, where the Duchess of Cornwall even decided to launch her very own online book club in 2021. And the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge took on YouTube in May 2021, where they have since shared clips from their engagements as well as insights into their work and projects. The use of social media has reduced the gap between members of the public and the royals. However, as social media evolve, the eldest son of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William may decide to gain an even closer connection to royal fans when he becomes a working royal, an expert said. In order to do so, he could embrace a relatively new instrument provided by social media platforms, which provide immediate contact with the audience, Am Golhar, creative entrepreneur and media voice, suggested. Speaking to Express.co.uk. the founder of creative PR and media agency Abstract PR said: "When it comes to the future monarchy to Prince George, of course there will be another new form of a social media platform, as we are in a high pace evolving digital world. "Of course he will have advisors and a team to be sharing content and may even do some social media lives to connect further with his audience." Speaking further about the possible new approach by Prince George to social media, Ms Golhar added: "I feel his personal touch will be that he will do more lives and connecting with people and audiences rather than just do the generic tv interviews." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's days before stardom laid bare The use of social media could expose Prince George to risks. However, Ms Golhar believes the third-in-line to the throne will be supported by professional in his professional use of social media. She said: "I feel he will have some form of social media manager, advisers and maybe even his own content creators following him around in the future." While Prince George is years away from getting his own social media account, the third-in-line is already being introduced by his parents to the concept of royal duties. He had his first taste of what meeting royal fans mean on Christmas Day in 2019, when he joined the walkabout after attending the service at St Mary Magdalene Church. The coronavirus pandemic and the lockdowns implemented to quash the spread of the virus meant George and his siblings had fewer chances than normal to accompany their parents to engagements. Nevertheless, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge delighted royal watchers by sharing on Twitter and Instagram a clip showing George, Charlotte and Louis clapping their hands as part of the initiative Clap for our Carers in 2020. In early December 2020, George and his siblings also walked for the first time on a red carpet, as they accompanied Kate and William to the London Palladium for a special panto performance dedicated to frontline workers. Prince George has become more and more visible over the past 12 months, while the Duke and Duchess are still providing him with a childhood as normal as possible. The third-in-line joined his parents at Wembley Stadium in July last year to watch two England matches during the EURO 2020 tournament. One year later, he was at Wimbledon to watch the men's singles final and, afterwards, meet the winner - Novak Djokovic. On both occasions, George donned a suit and tie - an outfit believed to be stressing he was attending the events as a member of the Firm. During the past months, Prince George also made other important public appearances, including at Westminster Abbey in March, when he and Princess Charlotte paid tribute to late Prince Philip by attending a memorial service in his honour. The young royals were very present throughout the four-day-long bank holiday weekend in June dedicated to the Platinum Jubilee. On top of joining the Queen on the balcony of Buckingham Palace twice, taking part in their first carriage ride and attending the Pageant and Party at the Palace concert, the siblings also carried out their first-ever official visit to Cardiff on June 4.