Arsenal have two alternative targets in mind if they fail to agree a transfer deal with Wolves for Pedro Neto, according to reports. The Gunners have made the Portuguese forward their No 1 attacking target for the final stretch of the summer transfer window but a deal is by no means easy with Wolves expected to hold out for £50million. Initial talks have already taken place with Neto's agent Jorge Mendes but Molineux chiefs hold all the cards over a potential sale. Additionally, Neto is tied down to a long-term contract at the club until 2027 - hindering Arsenal's chances of negotiating a transfer within the next week or so. Nonetheless, they are going to try their best and the loan departure of Nicolas Pepe to Nice could give them a welcome financial boost - so too the potential sale of Ainsley Maitland-Niles. Yet if Arsenal cannot land Neto, they could well turn attention to Moussa Diaby or Yeremy Pino, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano. READ MORE: Taylor's Transfers: Arsenal winger move, Chelsea exit not dependent on Man Utd Antony deal He said on the Here We Go Podcast: "Pedro Neto is the main target as a new winger. "I'm told Mikel Arteta is a big fan of Pedro Neto and Edu has been exploring this possibility for a long time. It's true also that Arsenal sent scouts to watch two players many times. "Moussa Diaby [is one] but for Bayer Leverkusen he is untouchable and they're offering him a new deal. [The second is] Yeremy Pino, important player for Villarreal but still no bid or negotiations. "Pedro Neto is the main target but it's not easy to negotiate because Wolves want more than £50million. Let's see after the outgoings what happens. READ MOREMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'identifies next three signings' after Casemiro transferChelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap dealMan Utd 'admirers' of Anthony Gordon as Chelsea schedule Everton transfer phone calle "Neto would be really tempted by Arsenal but I'm told the player is not forcing anything as of now but he'd be keen to go to Arsenal." For now, Romano claims Arsenal are focused on outgoings and there are still a number of players that could yet leave the Emirates before the September 1 deadline... He added: "Outgoings are the priority. Before signing a new winger they want to complete the loan deal with Nice for Nicolas Pepe. "Negotiations are progressing and I'm told it doesn't include any buy option but it's still in negotiations so it could change. "At the moment no buy option, it's a loan deal until the end of the season and they're discussing the salary coverage. Also important to say, for the outgoings, they're looking to find a solution for [Ainsley] Maitland-Niles. "West Ham are interested so Maitland-Niles could be another player set to leave Arsenal." Arteta has made it clear the Gunners will be looking to bring in at least one more signing before the transfer deadline. He said: "We will try until the end, the transfer window is tricky at the moment, we would like to do something else, but let’s see what we can do."