The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from full-time royal duties in February 2020. After stepping down, they signed multi-million dollar deals with the streaming giants Spotify and Netflix. Harry also recently spoke at the United Nations. At his UN speech in New York, Harry delivered a keynote address on Monday in honour of Nelson Mandela International Day. He also spoke about the spread of misinformation amid the coronavirus pandemic, how climate change is “wreaking havoc on our planet” and the impact of the “rolling back of constitutional rights here in the United States”. During his speech, images showed the vast number of empty seats facing the Duke as he spoke. As a result, Daniela Elser, royal expert, wrote for news.com.au that Harry and Meghan have failed to be “leading voices”. She said: “More importantly for their Netflix and Spotify paymasters, they have failed to genuinely set themselves up as leading voices of the day. “They might do their darnedest to sell themselves as inspiring leaders but the proof is in the flaccid pudding that was the lacklustre turnout to Harry’s recent UN speech.” READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan's White House dreams in TATTERS As of writing, Meghan and Harry have not released any programming for Netflix through their Archewell Production’s firm. In February 2021, the couple said of their Netflix deal: “Our focus will be on creating content that informs but also gives hope. “As new parents, making inspirational family programming is also important to us.” They added that Netflix’s “unprecedented reach will help us share impactful content that unlocks action. Meanwhile, the Sussex’s have released a few episodes of Archewell Audio for Spotify, but have not released a full episode since December 2020. DON'T MISS Queen’s ‘unlikely rock’ of support in royal family - it’s not Kate Met Office storm MAP: Where will it rain today? Power cuts predicted Queen set to miss Harry and Meghan's return and STAY in Scotland Speaking on Australia's Sunrise, entertainment reporter Peter Ford discussed how, in support of her husband, Meghan has apparently questioned the "very empty seats" and is "demanding answers" over the lack of people at the event in New York. Mr Ford said: "Apparently, Meghan is now demanding answers [at] how this possibly could have happened and created this bad look. He added; "It was a bad look. No-one can deny that. "People kept writing it up as being, this is going to be like, he's addressing the general assembly of the United Nations. "He wasn't, because they don't sit again until September. But they were in the general assembly room." It comes as Harry and Meghan will return to the UK in September for charity work. A spokesperson for the couple said: “We are pleased to announce that Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will visit the United Kingdom and Germany during the first week of September this year. "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September." The trip will see them attend the One Young World 2022 Manchester Summit on September 5 in the UK, the Invictus Games Düsseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event on September 6 in Germany, and the WellChild Awards 2022 on September 8 in the UK.