The south east of England has topped the list of the most popular electric vehicle home charging region in the UK. The area saw more than 1,400 Smart Home Charge chargepoints installed between July 2020 and June 2021. As the number of vehicles owned by residents of the South East increases to 1.46 cars per household - the highest of any UK region - the area also becomes the most popular location for the installation of home chargers. With a total of 1,438 confirmed installations between July 2020 and June 2022, the south east edges the Midlands, the runner-up, by 2.8 percent. Danny Morgan, Editor at Smart Home Charge, said the changes highlighted a positive shift toward mass adoption of EVs. He said: “It’s no surprise to see EV home charger enquiries and installations increasing as the electric car ball is well and truly rolling and home charging is the most convenient method of refuelling an EV. READ MORE: Drivers should use obscure button to keep car cool and save fuel “However, it’s encouraging to see demand is not restricted to just London and the south east, with the Midlands, the north of England, and Scotland seeing healthy home charge point installation numbers. “East Anglia and Wales are lagging behind in terms of enquiries and installations, which may be due to their more rural road network, so more work is needed to help convince drivers of the viability of electric cars here. “While this will undoubtedly include an expansion of the public charging infrastructure, home charging can form a huge piece of the puzzle too thanks to shared use platforms such as Co Charger.” The Midlands is rapidly catching up with the most installations in 2022 so far with 446 home charge points installed versus 431 for the south east. DON'T MISSSimple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin [INSIGHT]Drivers face £5,000 fines and penalty points for wearing clothes [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to use car button properly or risk 'worse' fuel economy [WARNING] Homeowners in the Midlands have also enquired the most for home chargers of any UK region, with more than 5,200 since July 2020. A deciding factor and uplift for this could be Birmingham’s Clean Air Zone, which was introduced on June 1, 2021, as the city’s answer to ever-growing pollution levels. Aimed at improving air quality as soon as possible, in particular by discouraging the most polluting vehicles from entering the zone, Birmingham is one of the key areas of the Midlands. Home and workplace charge points total over 400,000, dwarfing the 32,663 public charging devices installed in the UK, as of June 2022. Joel Teague, CEO of home charger sharing platform Co Charger, said: “It’s great we’re seeing home charge point installations continue to rise, but it’s also an opportunity for those home charge points to be shared with those who cannot have one installed. “Many people who can’t have a home charger installed aren’t switching to EVs because public chargers don’t give the same dependability, convenience and cost benefits needed for them to take the leap to electric. “Fortunately, the 400,000 or so private charge points are rarely used for more than five percent of the time. “By enabling the sharing of these under-utilised assets as community chargers Co Charger is delivering exactly the kind of ‘base’ charging option needed to get everyone out of fossil fuel cars.” The leading EV installer’s research also included hit-lists of popular home charging units during this period. The most popular home charge point according to the UK home charging retailer and installer is the Wallbox Pulsar Plus. However, it is set to be overtaken by Norwegian newcomer the Easee One, which is leading the installation charts so far in 2022. The Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS) was scrapped at the end of March and supported the installation of thousands of EV chargers. It allowed homeowners to install a charging station on their house alongside a Government grant. This provided a 75 percent contribution to the cost of one charge point and its installation, up to £350.