J Alphonse Nicholson is one of the leading men in Starz's stripper drama P-Valley. He plays rapper Lil Murda who has had a difficult time as of late as he struggles to deal with the loss of a loved one. As his emotional scenes keep coming, fans are growing more curious about the man behind the rapper. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from P-Valley. Actor J Alphonse Nicholson is widely reported to be 5ft 8in tall, the equivalent of 173cm. Lil Murda's onscreen love interest Uncle Clifford (played by Nicco Annan) is seen to be towering above him but this is because of Annan's great stature rather than Nicholson being short. Annan is around 6ft 2in tall and Big Teak (John Clarence Stewart), Lil Murda's first love and friend is in the middle of them both height-wise at 5ft 10in. Nicholson may have only been appearing onscreen since 2013 but his credits so far have been impressive. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history Prior to joining the cast of P-Valley, Nicholson had been in Blue Bloods, Mr Robot, Chicago PD, Tales, FBI Most Wanted and Wheels. Netflix subscribers may remember he played the role of John Robinson in Self Made: Inspired by the Life of Madam CJ Walker, alongside Octavia Spencer in 2020. According to his IMDb page, Nicholson has plenty of other work in the pipeline as well. He will be starring opposite Jamie Foxx in the movie They Cloned Tyrone this year and is going to later star in Southern Gospel and White Men Can't Jump. Regarding his personal life, Nicholson prefers to keep his private life just that. It is known, however, that the P-Valley star is married to Nafeesha Nicholson who he first started dating in 2015 before marrying a few years later. The couple have one son together but haven't shared what his name is or any pictures of him on social media. Nicholson has been at the heart of some distressing scenes in the Starz drama as of late. DON'T MISS... GMB fans blast Madeley's ‘inappropriate’ comment to Alessia Russo [REACTION]Outlander prequel: Jamie’s family explored in spin-off [EXPLAINER]Outlander season 7 release: Show EP drops promising update  [UPDATE] After realising that Lil Murda was in love with Uncle Clifford, Big Teak died by suicide, killing himself in front of his dear friend and former lover. In the latest episode, Lil Murda attended Big Teak's funeral and it is clear that he is struggling to cope with the loss. On the day of his funeral, Pico (Zachariah Rogers) claimed that he was the one to have murdered Big Teak. While Lil Murda knows this wasn't the case, for the lack of respect for his friend, he guns down Pico. There are just two more episodes to go until season two of P-Valley comes to an end. The penultimate episode will be called Snow and the grand finale is Mississippi Rule. So far though, no further details have come out on what they will be about. P-Valley season 2 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.