Stefanos Tsitsipas has shared his relief at the introduction of coaching from the stands just days after his father was insulted by Diego Schwartzman. The world No 7 has a history of receiving coaching violations for his dad trying to communicate with him during matches and is happy for the practice to be legalised in a new ATP trial. The ATP has been trialling coaching from the stands since the week after Wimbledon, with the new rule receiving criticism from several players who believe it ruins the essence of the game, with the likes of Taylor Fritz branding it a “dumb rule” as he pointed out that tennis is an individial sport. But one top player has now spoken out in favour of the change after being slapped with multiple coaching fines. Tsitsipas explained why he was happy with the new test after booking his spot in the Cincinnati Masters final, claiming that it wasn’t normal to be punished for receiving coaching mid-match despite the practice being illegal until last month. “It has always existed for absolutely all players,” he declared, per L’Equipe. “They should have authorised it thousands of years ago (sic). To be penalised for coaching is not normal in my opinion.” And the 24-year-old inadvertently confessed to receiving guidance from the stands when it was banned as he said the trial “didn’t change anything” for himself and his team, indicating that his warnings for receiving coaching in the past had been correct. JUST IN: Cameron Norrie given boost despite Borna Coric defeat  The nine-time title winner continued: “To authorise it, that involves everyone in the sport. It allows the coaches to do their job, that's what they're there for. To be honest, it didn't change anything for me.”  And the former world No 3 is happy not to be getting fines anymore following his previous coaching code violations, adding: “The only difference is that it's allowed and that no one is penalised anymore. At least I don't get any more fines. It was getting difficult.” While coaching from the stands has been legalised, it hasn’t stopped Tsitsipas’ dad Apostolos receiving criticism from players on the tour. DON'T MISSUS Open called out for inviting Belarusian to Ukraine charity matchRoger Federer hints that injury comeback is closer than everNorrie crashes out of Cincinnati Open after straight sets Coric loss During Tsitsipas’ 6-3 6-3 victory over 13th seed Schwartzman in Cincinnati, the Argentine could be heard approaching Renaud Lichtenstein and saying: “Tell me one person who likes his father.” And it wasn’t the first time one of the Greek’s opponents took issue with his dad, as Tsitsipas’ latest victim Daniil Medvedev raged at the umpire during their Australian Open semi-final earlier this year when he accused the elder Tsitsipas of coaching his son.  “His father can talk every point? His father can talk every point? His father can talk every point?” the eventual runner-up screamed at the umpire during his victory over the 24-year-old. Tsitsipas got revenge in Cincinnati on Saturday, earning just his third victory in 10 meetings with the world No 1 to book his place in the final. 