Households are preparing for the energy price cap to go up in October which is set to rise to over £3,500. Families are already being hit hard by the cost of living crisis which has seen inflation reach a 40-year high of 10.1 percent. However, it is possible to make certain home improvements which can make people a decent saving on their energy bills. Research carried out by Norton Finance broke down which six home improvements are most helpful in reducing household energy bills. Notably, draught-proofing was found to be one of the most inexpensive and effective ways of completing this, while also being the most accessible. Experts from the firm explained: “DIY draught-proofing starts at just over £3 for a roll of self-adhesive draught-excluding tape. “Block up unwanted gaps around windows, doors and chimneys that let cold air in and warm air out. Doing this could save around £669 on fuel after five years.” READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out The firm also highlighted roof insulation as being a cost-saving measure which could save thousands of pounds down the line. “Just like going out in cold weather without a hat, as much as a quarter of heat can be lost if your roof isn’t insulated. “The loft of a mid-terrace house costs around £500 to insulate with 270mm insulation, saving you over £2,000 on bills after five years. You’ll also reduce your carbon footprint by about 530kg every year.”  Wall installation can also save households over £1,600 over a five-year period despite being expensive in the short-term. Households are also being encouraged to take advantage of the Government’s Boiler Upgrade Scheme to improve their boiler’s energy efficiency. According to Norton Finance, those who live in a mid-sized house can save up to £3,000 on bills if they get a newer model. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments The energy experts noted that double glazing can save households a sizable amount of money on their energy bills. They added: “Some 20 percent of heat can be lost through standard windows. Invest in energy-efficient double-glazed windows to make savings of over £2,600 in heating bills over five years. “Plus, you’ll be sure to enjoy the peace and quiet that goes along with double glazing. “Installation costs average out at around £4,500 for A-rated PVC windows in the average semi, compared to around £15,000 for A-rated hardwood windows. “Double glazed windows can reduce the CO2 emissions of a typical household by three quarters of a tonne every year.” Finally, installing solar panels is another home improvement recommended by Norton Finance to bring down energy prices. The firm said: “These days, an average solar set-up will cost £6,500 all-in. But if you’re a householder who’s home all day, it’s estimated that a 4.2kW set up will save you £1,028 a year -that’s over £5,000 in five years. “Most homes have upwards of 12 panels; that’s 10.8 tonnes of carbon saved every year, not to mention money paid back to you thanks to the smart export guarantee.”