The Office of the President of Rwanda tweeted about Prince Harry's tour of the country over the weekend, saying: "President Kagame received Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex, who visited Rwanda as part of his work as President of African Parks. The Government of Rwana has agreements with African Parks to manage Akagera and Nyungwe National Parks." The Rwandan Presidency attached an image of Prince Harry and President Kagame to the tweet. Harry was dressed in light-coloured chinos, a khaki shirt, and suede desert boots. Meanwhile, President Kagame donned a navy shirt and matching jacket, combined with a pair of brown trousers. Harry has visited Rwanda alone, without his wife Meghan Markle. Although he looked comfortable, it did seem that something was missing, according to a body language expert. READ MORE: Expert spots subtle clue Duchess is ‘faking it’ with her body language Judi James told Express.co.uk: "Harry was said to be 'paying his respects' here on this visit to Rwanda and his body language pretty much endorses that sentiment. "Dressed in suede shoes and crumpled casuals with sleeves rolled up, Harry seems to be attempting to downplay his royal aura. "The way he has clasped his hands behind his back in many of these poses signals a desire to low-key listen and watch rather than to speak and dominate. "His eye expression to the cameras looks personal and conversational as though he is using his facial expression and gaze to make his appeal rather than speeches or words.  "The emotional echoes in some of his locations could easily have been overwhelming and he does look moved here as he stands with his hands on his hips to study some of the photos." Focusing on the fact that Meghan is not there, Judi continued: "Is he missing having Meghan by his side? "They are such a consummate double act that she does seem to complete him visually, and appearing alone like this makes Harry appear a little isolated and awkward-looking. "Even when he stands with his hands on his hips he seems to have pushed the tips of his fingers into his trouser pockets, creating a mixed signal, with the arm gesture signalling confidence while the fingers hint at a desire to hide." During his Rwandan tour, Harry visited the Kigali Genocide Memorial which remembers the victims of the Genocide against the Tutsi. The Duke of Sussex paid his respects to the victims, taking the time to look at their photographs on the memorial's wall. After his visit, the royal said: "I was and am profoundly moved by what I have witnessed. "What an incredible show of unity and resilience we now see. "Thank you for showing us all the way to healing and forgiveness. "You are setting an example across the world, every single day." Before going to Rwanda, Harry visited Mozambique to highlight conservation as part of his role as President of African Parks. He welcomed and co-hosted a group of US officials, conservationists, and philanthropists as they toured protected wildlife nature areas.