Emmerdale bosses have revealed Aaron Dingle (played by Danny Miller), Diane Sugden (Elizabeth Estensen) and Tracy Metcalfe (Amy Walsh) are heading back to the ITV soap in time for the show's 50th anniversary. The characters are set to be at the heart of some major storylines which will impact the village, the producers have teased. Producer Kate Brooks announced their return to Express.co.uk and other publications at an Emmerdale press event. She said: "Diane, Aaron and Tracy will all be making a reappearance, albeit on a temporary basis. "They’ll come back and be at the heart of some really big stories that will impact their lives and the lives of the characters they leave behind." Fellow producer Jane Hudson added Tracy is coming back to the Dales "with a bit of news of her own" which could impact her former flame Nate Dingle (Jurell Carter). READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter Jane said: "And of course, Aaron is back, is he going to find out his mum is cheating on Paddy [Kirk]?  "Is he going to discover Sandra [Flaherty] is not all about Liv [Flaherty]? There’s a huge story happening over there."  Emmerdale fans will remember Aaron decided to leave the village after his sister Liv (Isobel Steele) was arrested for his boyfriend Ben Tucker's (Simon Lennon) murder, but Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) was the real killer  Will his return be short-lived after he discovers his mother Chas (Lucy Pargeter) is cheating on Paddy with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman)?  Emmerdale legend Diane left the soap last year as she decided to move to Portugal to start a new life away from Yorkshire. Could the death of a loved one bring her back to the village for their funeral? ITV soap viewers will remember Tracy broke up with Nate over his one-night stand and decided to accept a job in Nottingham to help women suffering from postnatal depression. She left the village with baby Frankie in emotional scenes last year, but will she return to try and reconcile with Nate? DON'T MISS...Marlon Dingle star on ‘intense’ pressure of filming Emmerdale wedding [EXCLUSIVE]Anthony Quinlan abs: Soap star shows off rock-hard abs in dramatic pic [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Entire Dingle family killed in village disaster [EXCLUSIVE] While Jane could not disclose too many details about the soap's 50th-anniversary episodes which are due to air in October, she revealed a storm is set to rip through the village. She also teased: "For all the stories which are being told across this month and all the stories that have been building across the year, nothing has just been shoehorned in, all the stories have been driven by the characters and they all have an impact. "It involves so many of our families, it is not just a storm which affects some people, it affects the entire village."  The producer also said there will be something which happens that "no other soap could do" apart from Emmerdale. It is linked to the location of the village soap which is filmed in the Yorkshire Dales. "There are some fantastic family rows which are going to take place," Jane teased. "There are some brilliant stories which are coming up." Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 