Presenter Paul O’Grady has been a mainstay on BBC Radio 2 with his Sunday afternoon show for over a decade but is now calling it quits. A summary on the BBC Radio 2 page reads: “There's not another radio programme like it... the incomparable Paul O'Grady.” Therefore, this news is going to leave his fans sad and curious about his decision. In a statement, he said: “I’ve loved doing my Sunday afternoon show for the last 14 years and I’m going to miss my listeners as well as the fun I’ve had with my producer Malcolm Prince, but I feel that now is the right time to go.” Paul also posted to his 697,000 followers on Instagram, sharing a shot of a BBC Radio 2 mic and the caption: “Penultimate show today. "Hope you’re enjoying the sun unless you’re somewhere where it’s raining then ignore that #teampogradio @malprin.” While the head of BBC Radio 2, Helen Thomas, added: “I’d like to thank Paul for so many years of his brilliant Sunday afternoon show. READ MORE: Paul O’Grady fans devastated as he quits Radio 2 after 14 years “I’m sorry to see him go, but I wish Paul the very best of luck for the future and hope to work with him again as the door is always open to him here at Radio 2.” Paul first launched his show back in 2009 in the Sunday afternoon time-slot and even hosted a Christmas Day special with messages and dedications from listeners across the globe. His festive shows boasted an eclectic seasonal playlist as well and his last-ever show will have the regular features. Paul’s last show will be on Sunday, August 14 and will have a Lost TV Theme, along with the Thank You Letter of the Week and an unexpected playlist. While producer Malcolm will choose yet another unsuitable track for a wedding anniversary. There will also be another dubious cocktail recipe thrown into the mix as Paul bows out for good. Producer Malcolm also posted a statement to his Instagram followers, saying: "And so, after almost 14 years, this Sunday’s #teampogradio will be the last "Yes, Paul has decided to leave Radio 2; it’s been such a privilege to work with him all this time. Please don’t miss show #546 because it’s… #notthesamewithoutyou."    Comedian Rob Beckett will be filling the slot for the next 13 weeks after Paul’s departure. However, there's no word yet as to who will be permanently filling the slot with the BBC announcing future plans in due course. Never one to rest on his laurels, Paul has a whole host of other projects keeping him busy with the star presenting the behind-the-scenes show from Battersea Dogs Home Paul O’Grady: For the love of Dogs on ITV. In fact, the show has proved to be such a hit, Paul even won a TRIC Award for the series and posted about the gong on social media. He told his fans: "Many thanks to the Public and the Panel at the TRIC AWARDS. ‘For The Love of Dogs’ won in the Factual Category. DON'T MISS...Royal expert on Fergie's latest Mayfair purchase [INSIGHT]Countryfile slammed by viewers over format shake-up 'Woke nonsense' [VIEWER REACTION]Strictly backlash as BBC announce seventh 2022 contestant: 'Who!' [UPDATE]   "The series has been going now for eleven years so I didn’t think we’d ever win anymore awards. "Huge thanks to everybody who works at Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, to all the crew who’ve filmed over the years and of course to all those lovely Dogs and Cats.@tricawardsuk #tricawards @battersea @realpogdogs @itv." The star has also previously written a screenplay called Nellie and Melba which aired on Sky Arts back in April with Sheila Hancock and Paul starring together. In recent years, he hosted Paul O’Grady’s Great British Escape and continues to front Paul O'Grady's Saturday Night Line Up after it launched last year. Paul O'Grady on the Wireless airs on BBC Radio 2 on Sundays at 5pm