The problem is, Rishinomics does not work. He should know this. After his tenure as Chancellor, the strapline for his own campaign is “Rebuilding the Economy”! Let’s look at his record. He talks about his desire to leave sound finances for our children and theirs in turn. He has forgotten that it was his policies which resulted in national debt accelerating to nearly 100 percent of GDP with an increase of £500 billion (or 33 percent).In just two years he added a debt burden equivalent to the entire national debt taken on in ALL OF HISTORY until 2005!He talks about the need to maintain high tax rates to avoid stoking inflation. He has forgotten that he took taxes to a post War high before inflation raised its ugly head.He froze income thresholds, dragging lower earners into higher tax brackets. He raised the rate of National Insurance, a regressive tax, hitting hard these lower earners again. Taking away their pay did not dampen inflation, so why would that help curb it now?What he says does not stand the test of even cursory analysis. We are not experiencing inflation because people are overly cash rich and spending too much. We have excessive inflation because of lockdowns breaking supply chains and depleting gas and oil reserves. On top of that there then came  the war in Ukraine. Taxing people will not help curb this inflation. It will just make lives ever more difficult.Taxing goods is even worse. It actually stokes inflation. There are many taxes which fall into this category: VAT, green taxes on domestic fuel, tax on fuel (and, dare I say it) tax on alcohol and cigarettes. Reducing these taxes would immediately reduce inflation.Sunak is ideologically an interventionist. He thinks he knows better. That is why he has borrowed, taxed and spent. It is for this reason, instead of cutting green taxes on domestic fuel, he chose to implement a complex means tested handout to the electorate. Cutting the tax would have been simple. He did not do it. Now, reluctantly, after Truss showed him the way, he has U-turned on it.  His flawed ideology is probably best revealed by his attitude to Corporation Tax.After two years of lockdowns and the private sector being repeatedly kicked in the shins, he wants to raise this by a whopping 30 percent (from 19 percent to 25 percent).Sure, he intends to fine tune it to relieve capital investments and small companies but this is just more Rishi micromanagement. The tax should be slashed and companies left to decide how best to deploy their capital. Osborne borrowed, taxed and spent to save the banks, thereby devaluing the pound and did nothing to head off the massive asset inflation it engendered and which robbed the working and middle classes of getting on the property ladder.Sunak has borrowed, taxed and spent to finance lockdowns, thereby again devaluing the pound, breaking supply chains and fuel reserves and has done nothing to head off the massive consumer price inflation thus created. The working and middle classes have yet again been made to pay the price.Truss gets it. She knows high taxes will maintain high prices and cause ever larger wage demands; in turn embedding inflation into the system. It may already be too late to undo the damage done by Sunak but she must try. Suggesting Truss’s proposed tax cuts would be unfunded and inflationary reveals a deep misunderstanding of how we got into this mess and what we must do to get out of it.The only way out is by growing GDP so that debt becomes a smaller proportion of it. Debt at government level rarely ever reduces in nominal terms. Sunak’s austerity and high taxes are no solution. They will end up killing the goose – and make no mistake, the British economic goose is on its back.There is another fallacy at the heart of Rishinomics. Very nearly half our national debt is owned by the Bank of England. Servicing that debt may show up in the numbers but it is false accounting. The lefthand is paying the right. On a consolidated balance sheet basis, our net national debt is well within manageable parameters.So Truss is absolutely right to wish to cut taxes on goods to reduce inflation. She is absolutely right to wish to cut taxes on businesses to boost growth and GDP. She should go further. The country can afford to do so. Indeed, it cannot afford not to do so.