The Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge will host the ‘Defaced! Money, Conflict, Protest’ exhibition, which opens later this year. Among the faces featured on £10 banknotes will be the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex appear in the piece entitled “Harry of England/Ten Megs”, created by Boo Whorlow in 2019. The piece is a redesign of Banksy’s famous 2004 work, “Di-Faced Tenner”. The artwork featured a picture of the late Princess Diana, Prince Harry’s mother, looking sideways in the position the Queen typically occupies on the ten-pound note. In Whorlow’s piece, Prince Harry takes the place of the Queen and the Princess of Wales. Meghan then appears emblazoned on the reverse of the note, with the message: “Trust No Press.” The museum said the exhibition will run through two and a half centuries of currencies “mutilated” to show emotions such as anger and dejection. The display “presents a world history of protest from the last 250 years through currencies that have been mutilated as cries of anger, injustice, mockery or despair”. The currencies featured in the collection were curated by Dr Richard Kelleher. READ MORE: Kate and William downsize to modest four-bed The exhibition will also feature references to US slavery abolitionist campaigner, Harriet Tubman, and a piece with allusions to Donald Trump’s alleged links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. The Fitzwilliam Museum said: “Money is the perfect medium to highlight issues of wealth distribution, including the chasm between those at the top and the bottom, and the effects on those living in poverty. “Money, both as a physical and theoretical entity, has been used by artists to draw attention to the links between government policy and the financial and banking systems. “In our pandemic age where the use of money is increasingly being replaced by digital methods of payment, and against the backdrop of the current cost of living crisis, times of inflation and spiralling costs and debt, the exhibition’s themes in which currency has been, and continues to be, created and defaced remain urgently relevant.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Queen ROCKED by 'never ending scandal'- Harry looms [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Meghan Markle run for Democrats in 2024 election? [POLL]  Lady Louise teaches Princess Charlotte skill during Balmoral holiday [REPORT] This comes as the Duke and Duchess announce their imminent return visit to the UK. On Monday, the couple's spokesperson said the Duke and Duchess would visit the UK and Germany next month to support "several charities close to their hearts". The Duke and Duchess will travel to the One Young World Summit in Manchester on September 5, for which Prince Harry is a counsellor. Meghan and Harry will continue on to Germany for an event marking one year until the next Invictus Games event, before returning back again to UK soil. The Duke and Duchess will then make an appearance at the WellChild Awards on September 8. A spokesperson said: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September."