Jurgen Klopp has set Liverpool winger Luis Diaz the target of scoring "10-15 goals" this season while urging the Colombian winger to draw inspiration from former Reds forward Sadio Mane. Klopp insisted he has no doubts that Diaz will soon discover his goalscoring touch having struggling to find the net on a regular basis despite dazzling since joining from Porto back in January. The forward has notched just six goals in 28 appearances since arriving at Anfield at the turn of the year, despite his consistently influential displays for the Reds. Diaz squandered two glorious opportunities in Liverpool's Premier League opener against Fulham last week, but despite that, Klopp called for calm, insisting the goals will come. Initially opening up on the expectation for the number of goals Diaz could score this season, Klopp declared: “Oh definitely he can get 10-15 goals this season. That is his quality. We need to see, but of course that is his potential.” The Reds boss then cited Mane as an example of someone who needed time to settle into Liverpool's system before exploding with regards to his goals return. Prior to his move to Anfield, Mane had never got near 20 goals in a season for either RB Salzburg or Southampton. However, after a season of settling in, the Senegalese striker hit double figures in four out of five of his remaining years with the Reds, including 26 in 2018-19. MUST READ: Barcelona boss Xavi drops Aubameyang transfer hint Urging Diaz to draw inspiration from Mane, Klopp said: “When Sadio played against us, he scored three times for Southampton but it was not that he scored every week. He didn't even start the game when he played against us. “So the consistency came with the confidence and with the team-mates, the structure of our game. So that is what we're working on that doesn't change. The way we play should help strikers. DON'T MISS Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends warning over 'foolish' transfers West Ham fail to hijack deal for Chelsea and Liverpool transfer target Arsenal boss Arteta sends Aubameyang message over Chelsea rumours “It is the way we play. It’s the way we bring the boys in the situation. Of course it is about whether it is in you or not, but it’s the way we play, how we position the players, how we protect the players, where we win the balls back. “And it is how the boys can use their speed in these moments. They will be in a lot of goalscoring situations and that then makes you the player we remember.”