Barcelona boss Xavi would prefer to sell Frenkie de Jong than Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this summer, according to reports. Both players are targets for Chelsea in the last two-and-a-half weeks of the summer transfer window. De Jong has been linked with a move to Manchester United throughout the summer. But the Dutchman would favour a move to west London if he were to leave the Nou Camp. De Jong's ideal scenario would be to stay at Barca but the La Liga club are keen to raise funds by selling one of their star assets. Fellow Chelsea target Aubameyang would also prefer to remain at the club he only joined in January. The former Gabon international has likely lost his place as the main striker at Barca following the arrival of Robert Lewandowski. But it is claimed Xavi still wants to keep the former Arsenal captain. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd ramp up Icardi chase, Gordon to Chelsea, Ronaldo latest  Spanish outlet Sport says Xavi does not want to let both Aubameyang and Memphis Depay leave the club. Fellow forward Depay is strongly linked with a move to Juventus, and Sport claims Juventus' proposal is 'getting closer' to being accepted. If Depay were to leave, Xavi wants Aubameyang to stay. The Spanish boss would look to use the 33-year-old out wide following Lewandowski's arrival, something the player is willing to do. The report says Xavi would prefer Depay to leave, as well as fellow Holland star De Jong. Barca want to sign Manchester City's Bernardo Silva but have to sell a top player to do so. DON'T MISSFour Man Utd stars defended after Brentford as ace 'getting away with murder'Tavares shows Arsenal what they're missing with another star performanceChelsea could make four signings if Newcastle follow through on transfer  Chelsea are in the market for both a midfielder and a forward before the end of the window. Tuchel has worked with Aubameyang before during their time together at Borussia Dortmund. The German admitted he has maintained a close bond with Aubameyang following that spell. He said: "This is totally separate from anything that is happening now, but I enjoyed a lot working with Auba while I was at Dortmund. "Some players stay your players because you were very, very close. And Auba is one of those players. "There was always straight away this close bond. They always stay your players in a way."  Aubameyang left Arsenal in acrimonious circumstances after being stripped of the captaincy following disciplinary issues. But Tuchel insists he did not have any issues like that with the player previously. He added: "I experienced no issues with him, but this has nothing to do with the situation in Arsenal, about which I will also not comment out of respect. "In Dortmund there was never an issue." 