Arsenal fans can marvel at a glowing review of Yeremy Pino given by Villarreal Under-23 assistant coach Nando Martinez, who gave them three reasons to be excited about the prospective transfer. The Gunners could soon welcome the Spanish teenager after submitting a bid that is reportedly set to be accepted. Having broken through at a young age, Pino has attracted his fair share of attention from top sides around Europe. While Liverpool are among those to have flirted with the idea of a swoop, Arsenal may have already made the decisive move by submitting a £34million bid. Spanish outlet AS claim that Villarreal are likely to accept the opening offer due to their difficult financial situation. The youngster has a £67.5m release clause but the Gunners seemingly stand a good chance of pulling off a cut-price deal. As if his CV isn't enough to get fans excited about, Martinez delivered a glowing assessment of the Villarreal star which included emphasis on his character, how good he is to work with and how much he loves football. JUST IN: Barcelona fans hurl X-rated demand at Frenkie de Jong as agent holds crucial 'meeting' https://metro.co.uk/2022/08/09/arsenals-40m-bid-for-yeremy-pino-set-to-be-accepted-by-villarreal-17155761/ "Yeremy stands out for his character," Martinez told El Pais. "The more difficult the challenge, the more able he is to demonstrate his potential. He maintains the essence of when he played on the street as a child. "In addition, he lives for football, and every day ensures he has the right complementary training, nutrition and rest. Yeremy has been, and is, a blessing for his coaches." READ MORE: Man Utd chief John Murtough 'boards flight' to seal fourth summer signing for Erik ten Hag Pino, 19, already has four caps for the Spanish national team despite competition out wide from the likes of Ferran Torres and Ansu Fati. He scored six and assisted four in La Liga last term, which suggests that he already has the productivity to make an instant impact for Mikel Arteta's side. The starlet would join up with an exciting, young, attacking contingent in north London with Emile Smith Rowe, Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli already delighting crowds on a weekly basis. Arsenal have already splashed out this summer, but Pino could be the answer to the Gunners' prayers out wide as Nicolas Pepe continues to fall short of expectations. Arsenal made a promising start to the season on Friday by leaving Selhurst Park with three points. Martinelli was on target and a Marc Guehi own goal sealed a 2-0 victory over Crystal Palace, putting to bed painful memories of the three consecutive defeats that kick-started last campaign. With big pressure to clinch fourth spot after missing out last term, Arteta's next assignment is a home tie against Leicester City on Saturday afternoon. It remains to be seen if the deal for Pino is beyond doubt by the time the match gets underway.