Formula 1 megastar Lewis Hamilton has revealed his ‘go-to’ choice of vegan food, after the Mercedes man opened up on the benefits of his plant based diet. Hamilton has adopted a vegan diet since 2017, following the influence of a friend from New York.  Five years on, the Englishman has spoken on his favourite plant-based food to eat, revealing his love for hummus - something Hamilton did not even like prior to his diet change. He told Vanity Fair: “I used to look at hummus and I was like, ‘No way would I ever eat hummus!’ “And I love it now. It’s my go-to thing every day.” After moving to his plant-based diet the seven-time world champion was warned by doctors that he may not receive the proteins he requires to meet the extremities of competing in a Formula 1 car. Hamilton though has since proved those claims wrong, having five of his seven world titles since becoming a vegan. He went on: “I mean, I’ve won five world titles since then. I’ve been more consistent than I ever was in the past. So it just takes proving people wrong. And that’s what I did.” JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton admits lying and purposefully 'f***ing' with FIA over jewellery ban Despite his successes on the race track Hamilton is no stranger to battling against the elements to prove people wrong. In his interview with Vanity Fair, the seven-time world champion opened up on his childhood, and his constant battle to defy the odds. He went on: “Look, when I was at school, I was dyslexic and struggling like hell. and one of the only few black kids in my school, being put in the lowest classes and never given a chance to progress or even helped to progress. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and George Russell told where they will finishLewis Hamilton opens up on ‘life-changing reset’ after Hungarian GPLewis Hamilton cautious of Toto Wolff approach at Mercedes "Teachers were telling me, ‘You’re never going to be nothing.’ I remember being behind the shed, in tears, like, ‘I’m not going to be anything’, and believing it for a split second. The most demotivating thing to hear—especially when you witness them doing the complete opposite with your white counterparts.” Despite the uphill battle he faced, Hamilton went on to reveal he forgives those who gave him a hard time, as the Mercedes man was able to use their words as motivation, and achieve what he has done today. The Englishman added: “I don’t actually hold any grudge against those people, because they fueled me up.” 