Archie Battersbee's mother Hollie Dance said she is ready to send her son to Italy or Japan, should the European Court of Human Rights turn down their application after she and her husband exhausted all the legal routes available in the United Kingdom. Speaking to Sky News, Archie Battersbee's mother Hollie Dance said: "We've got two other countries who have come forward and they've offered Archie treatment. "If this country can't treat him or is not willing to treat him, where's the harm in allowing him to go to another country? "You know, we need to advance." "There are medical technologies out there, or medicines. "What better way to allow Archie to go to see if this can actually be done?" READ MORE: 'Go to Tokyo, Italy!' Archie Battersbee's mum to move 12yo abroad She added that they will keep fighting for their son's "right to live" and will seek any legal avenue to guarantee her son to live. Archie Battersbee's parents are now taking their battle to the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) - the very last legal stage they can take in their legal battle - in a bid to postpone the withdrawal of his life support. A London hospital is set to turn off life support from 11 am on Wednesday, following weeks of a legal dispute over his care. Her family submitted a last-minute application to the ECHR after the UK High Court ruled doctors were allowed to stop treating the 12-year-old daughter despite his parents' wishes.  Archie Battersbee was found unconscious in his home in Southend-on-Sea, Essex, on 7 April, which his mother believes may have been linked to an online challenge. Since the accident, the 12-year-old has been kept alive by a combination of medical interventions, including ventilation and drug treatments, at the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel, east London. The parents hope the ECHR will rule in their favour and allow the hospital to keep their daughter on life support. "Every single court case we’ve had we’ve had no time at all, one or two days to prepare and get the whole case together," Hollie Dance said as her legal team has only been given a two-hour window to file the ECHR application. DON'T MISS:Government intervenes in Archie Battersbee case [INSIGHT]Archie Battersbee’s life support to end today as mother vows to fight [REPORT]Archie Battersbee's life support to be switched off TOMORROW [REPORT] Archie Battersbee will be kept on life support while the ECHR considers his case, Ms Dance said, cancelling the 11 am deadline on Wednesday when the hospital is required to remove the treatment. However, if the ECHR refuses to consider the case, Barts NHS Health Trust, which runs the Royal London Hospital where Archie is being treated, will have to remove the life support treatment. "We now hope and pray that the ECHR will look favourably on the application. We will not give up on Archie until the end", Ms Dance said. READ NEXT:Archie Battersbee parents hoping for High Court lifeline TODAY'Cruel' – Archie Battersbee's parents' anguish as life-support to endUK prevented from turning off life support for Archie BattersbeeArchie Battersbee parents' appeal to keep 12-year-old alive DENIED