After five James Bond movies, Daniel Craig bowed out explosively in No Time To Die. Now the 54-year-old has entered his post-007 career and already has another successful franchise under his belt to keep him busy for years to come. Back in 2018, Danny Boyle left directing the 25th James Bond movie over creative differences.  EON Productions hired Cary Fukunaga to take over on what would become No Time To Die, but understandably a delay was needed and suddenly Daniel Craig had a bit of time on his hands. It wasn’t long before he was cast in Star Wars The Last Jedi director Rian Johnson’s original murder mystery Knives Out. The Bond legend played detective Benoit Blanc in a star-studded ensemble cast and now Netflix have two sequels in the works having bought the rights to the new franchise for $469 million. Knives Out 2 is called Glass Onion, a reference to John Lennon’s Beatles song, and will be set in Greece this time. Yet following the success of the first outing, the outgoing 007 star’s been feeling the pressure to get the sequel right Speaking with Empire, Craig said: “How the f*** do we take something that caught people’s imagination and made them talk about murder mysteries, and do it again without it becoming a pastiche of itself?” It turns out his experience of working on five Bond films and making "the same but different" over and over again is something he’s already well versed in. READ MORE: James Bond star Daniel Craig returns in Knives Out 2 first look WATCH Craig continued: “I’ve spent the past 15 years of my life trying to do that in a franchise, so I’m not afraid of it. If you’ve got the right people in the room and the right talent, then you can do it. Rian’s a genius writer and doesn’t want to repeat [himself]. Neither do we want to let people down; we want audiences to enjoy the world that we created in the first one and believe in this one.” DON'T MISSJames Bond star Daniel Craig back for Knives Out 2 and 3 [KNIVES OUT]Next Bond 'audition requirements mean Hardy and Cavill have no chance' [NEXT BOND]James Bond 60th: 007 films in concert and IMAX screenings announced [JAMES BOND] Joining Craig in the sequel are Dave Bautista, Edward Norton, Janelle Monáe, Kathryn Hahn, Leslie Odom Jr, Kate Hudson, Madelyn Cline, Jessica Henwick and Ethan Hawke. Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery is streaming on Netflix from December 23, 2022. SOURCE: EMPIRE