Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag plans to demote Scott McTominay to the bench if and when the club sign Adrien Rabiot from Juventus, according to reports. The France international has emerged as a target at a time where their pursuit of Frenkie de Jong is stalling. However, personal terms still need to be negotiated as they look to make the 27-year-old their fourth signing of the summer. Manchester United have started to look at other midfielders as well as De Jong, who has been the club’s top transfer target throughout the summer window so far. And L’Equipe claim Ten Hag has told Rabiot he sees him as a certain starter in his team. It’s stated Ten Hag thinks the club needs a different type of player than McTominay to marshal his midfield, having seen the Scotland international toil against Brighton on Sunday. And Rabiot is keen to make the move to Old Trafford. Normally, the 27-year-old would prefer to leave Juventus for a team who can offer him Champions League football. READ MORE: Man Utd’s five perfect signings Murtough can make after 'crunch talks' That’s something United can’t provide after they finished sixth in the Premier League table last term amid a nightmare campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Yet Rabiot feels the Red Devils are an exception given they’re one of the biggest clubs in the whole of world football. For McTominay, it looks like the Scotland international may have to settle for a place on the bench this term. Rabiot would likely be deployed alongside either Fred or Christian Eriksen, with Bruno Fernandes then playing further ahead in the No 10 role. And though he’s being eyed at a time where their pursuit of De Jong is on the rocks, United are still hoping to land the pair. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd boss Ten Hag told four reasons why Rabiot is wrong signing  Rabiot started his career in the Manchester City academy and, two years after leaving in 2008, moved to Paris Saint-Germain. He did well during his stint at the Parc des Princes, winning five league titles and five Coupe de Frances throughout his time at the club. Rabiot decided to leave PSG in the summer transfer window of 2019, however, having struggled to make his mark under Thomas Tuchel. And he’s won three trophies with Juventus in the years since but, with his contract due to expire next summer, has been deemed surplus to requirements. Meanwhile, speaking ahead of United’s showdown with Brentford on Saturday, Rio Ferdinand called on Ten Hag to drop both Fred and McTominay. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “In my midfield, I’m going to play Martinez as the holding midfielder and take Fred out,” he said when asked for the XI he’d deploy at the Community Stadium. “I’m going to play Varane and Maguire [at centre-back].” And he added: “I wouldn’t pick McTominay or Fred. Listen, whatever happens, Man United will improve from the first day against Brighton. “Things can only get better.” Another United legend, Roy Keane, took aim at McTominay and Fred after Sunday’s shambles against Brighton. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team He said: "The [lack of] decision-making and football intelligence from midfield, particularly Fred. "I've been going on about it for a long time – Fred and [Scott] McTominay are not good enough. "They won't get Manchester United back competing at the top. "We see it week in, week out. They're not up to it." United are unlikely to sign Rabiot in time for the match with Brentford on Saturday, with talks still taking place. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here