Petrol and fuel prices are climbing as temperatures are once again reaching scorching highs. Using aircon burns fuel, but using a certain button in the car can help keep cars cooler and save drivers cash. The button is likely to be found near your aircon and heating settings, as it pertains to them. It usually looks like an icon of the outside of a car with an arrow moving around the inside of it. This is the air recirculation button, and it went viral thanks to one content creator, TikTok user Megan's Bubble. She took to the platform to explain how it works. Megan told her followers: "The air recirculation button in your car, let's talk about it again. "When you have it off, the car is taking the air from the outside of your car and pulling it in to create your air, or your air conditioning. READ MORE: Easy way drivers can use 20% less petrol and save money on fuel by adjusting their windows "When the button is on it's going to only take the air that's already inside of the car and recirculated that air, instead of taking the air from outside the car and bringing the air inside." Megan previously detailed uses for the button in a TikTok video that went viral and has amassed over 4.6 million views. She said: "If it's extraordinarily hot when you get in your car you want to turn this off so that you suck in the outside air. "And, if you're sitting in front of other cars where you're going to be getting their exhaust sucked into your car, you use this button so that the car recirculates and you don't suck in all that bad air." DON'T MISSViral fuel 'hack' shares 'cheapest day and time to visit pumps' [INSIGHT] Fuel 'hack' driver claims can save hundreds hit with a furious backlash [ANALYSIS] Save money on petrol: 'Can't believe I didn't know about this' [HOW TO] This button is ideal for use in hot weather. It will boost the effectiveness of your air conditioning and help your car get colder more quickly. This is because the car is working with air that has already been chilled. This also decreases the amount of fuel you are using, excellent in a time of rising fuel prices such as this. What's more, hay fever sufferers can benefit, as less pollen will be coming into the car when the button is used. However, there are times the air-recirculation button should definitely be turned off. This includes when it's cold outside. Recirculating hot air with this button in the winter is less effective, will make the car cooler, and potentially cause windows to fog up. If it is humid The button traps humid air inside the car, which can mist up windscreens - potentially posing a safety risk. This dangerous because it limits visibility but also because added humidity can make the car stuff and the driver drowsy. A money saving expert content creator suggested another clever tip for saving fuel while driving. She suggested driving with a certain item in the back seat of your car "reduces fuel you use". Anna is a money educator who runs the platform Money for Millennials. Her TikTok account, where she dispenses her wisdom, has 108.6k followers. Anna said: "Have you heard about this unusual hack to help you reduce your fuel consumption?" She claims the hack involves a glass bowl.