Kate Middleton, 40, loves high-heeled shoes and wears them to most royal engagements that don’t involve any sort of physical activity. But there is one brand in particular that the Duchess of Cambridge favours. Kate has shoes that cost £550 in almost every colour.  The designer shoes are a mainstay in her wardrobe. Kate is renowned for looking effortlessly stylish, no matter the occasion. Her elegant yet relaxed style sets her out as one of the best-dressed royals in history. Royal fans are constantly trying to emulate her look, known as the ‘Kate Middleton effect’. READ MORE: William 'fails badly' to hide 'intense' pride in Princess Charlotte But although it might look effortless, her wardrobe is actually made up of designer names such as LK Bennett, Stella McCartney, Max Mara and Alexander McQueen. For example, one of the staples of her wardrobe which she's rarely spotted without would set you back upwards of £550. Whether she's at Wimbledon or on a royal visit, there's a good chance the Duchess will be wearing a pair of Jimmy Choo heels. Specifically, the 'Romy' heels, which she appears to have in nearly every colour to match with a range of outfits.  The heels come in three heights, 60mm, 85mm or 100mm, as well as 25 different colours. The versatility and muted quality of the shoe has made it a mainstay of her wardrobe. Kate often opts for black Romy's when on business trips. She was even spotted wearing glitter-encrusted Romy's back in 2019. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie made changes to diet to lose 'body fat' The different colours and heights range in price from £550 to £650. What is the hidden meaning behind Kate’s go-to heels? Sandra Choi, Jimmy Choo’s creative director, told Vogue: “The Romy heels have become her trusted friend. “Their poised elegance, refined glamour and versatility provides a style that you can be confident in.”  The description on the Jimmy Choo website says: “Romy is our signature pointy pump from the 24:7 collection. “Available in a spectrum of heights, colours and fabrics, these classic heels are also one of our best-selling bridal shoes. “Choose from flats, 60, 85 and 100 millimetres, available in suede, glitter and leather.” 