You could be wondering why you feel so tired and worn out when this hasn’t been a particularly demanding week as such. Your energy levels just aren’t all they could be and if you feel inclined to cancel some arrangements to opt for a more leisurely day instead, insist on sticking to your decision. A youngster in the family or close friend is moody and unapproachable. A gift will be given and although this will appear to be received with some negativity, once someone has had a chance to calm down, they will realise it has a special meaning. Be especially patient with an older relative. After a lot of arguments, mistakes and frustrations, at last plans you have been hoping to get started on are begun. You are hoping you are doing the right thing and you won’t be disappointed because very soon you will see your hard working efforts will have been well worth it.  After scrimping and saving for a while you are in the mood to spend some money. You just want to wander around a shopping centre or a local market with no particular purchase in mind. It will just be good to know that if something catches your eyes, you have the money in your pockets to afford it. There’s work to be done, and although this isn’t so much a relaxed time for you, this busy day will have moments of fun and enjoyment. If you’re changing jobs, you could be surprised how well it all goes when the problems you were expecting won’t materialise. Worries on your mind? Are you causing sleepless nights? Anxiety makes you quieter than usual, and friends are noticing your reluctance to join in with social activities. If you have concerns over money, health or legal matter, one way to allay these would be to seek some professional advice.  A younger colleague craves attention, but they’re going the wrong way about it. You won’t be amused by their foolish and thoughtless behaviour. Someone you hardly know is taking too much interest in your work and private life. Be careful about how much you tell them. You need to protect your own interests. At last, you are starting to make some headway in an important project. You have had your doubts about whether you should have taken this on, but now your efforts are starting to take shape, and this should add impetus for you to get on and complete the job. Help, guidance or luck often comes your way just when you need it, as will happen now. What looked like a possible failure will suddenly become a potential success. Things are beginning to look up after a phase of tension and strain. You will notice an improvement in close relationships, too.  Emotions run high. There is a lot to be cheerful about and yet some sadness too that you cannot share current joys with someone whose absence is making a big hole in your life. Friends are looking forward to an annual fun event which was a huge success last year. A new hairstyle and updating your appearance will uplift you. You’re ready to take some definite steps to improve your health and well-being. This may involve a trip to the shops or some window shopping online to look for clothes that might brighten your image. Your social life will keep you on your toes, but very soon, you will be aware of the need to give private matters some attention. A loan, grant or financial gift will mean you can pay off a number of outstanding debts. You feel you can start to breathe again. 