Raising Kanan is the prequel series Power fans had been longing for throughout the Starz drama's run until it came to a close in 2020. Focussed on the upbringing of Kanan Stark (played by Mekai Curtis) in the 1990s, the drama gives a thorough explanation of how he became the antagonist of the hit original series. Express.co.uk has everything Power fans need to know about Raising Kanan's second outing. The wait is almost over for the return of Power Book III: Raising Kanan as it returns for season two on Sunday, August 14, on Starz. Raising Kanan series two will premiere on Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK on the same date with new episodes airing weekly on both platforms. Those at Starz were so confident of Raising Kanan's success, that the drama was renewed in July 2021, a week before series one started. By the end of July, the cast and crew were already in production filming the new episodes. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold If Starz continues to have this level of faith in Raising Kanan, this could speed up potential future release dates as well. For now, at least, there has been no talk of a third season on the US network.Starz president and CEO Jeffrey Hirsch said: "One season isn't enough to tell the coming of age story of Kanan Stark and his mother, Raq, a fierce and successful woman who is a force of nature. "The anticipation globally for more of the Power Universe made it clear that the Kanan story needs to continue." Actor Mekai Curtis will return in the titular role of Kanan Stark and actress Patina Miller as his mum Raq. Moreover, Hailey Kilgore, London Brown and Malcolm Mays will all be back as Jukebox, Marvin and Lou-Lou respectively. Actor Omar Epps is also returning to reprise his role of Detective Howard in season two. There have been a number of new additions to the cast announced as well:Hamilton star Krystal Joy will play Marvin's anger management therapist Renée Timmons, NOS4A2 star Paulina Singer as a singer wanting to work with Lou-Lou's record label and Queen Sugar actor Omar Dorsey as businessman Cartier 'Duns' Fareed. The other new characters who will be welcomed to the cast are Famous' (Antonio Ortiz) new neighbour Palomar (Sistars KJ Smith) and Jukebox's mum Kenya (LeToya Luckett). DON'T MISS...'Shall we go?' Vernon Kay and Gyles Brandreth walk off This Morning [VIDEO]Raising Kanan season 2: Detective Howard unveils his secret [REVEALED]Raising Kanan season 2 theory: Kanan to cause Raq death as star hints [THEORY] Yes, a trailer for season two of Raising Kanan was released by Starz on Tuesday, July 26. Raq is seen having a heart-to-heart with her son, telling him that there comes a time when everyone has got to decide what they want from life. She is later seen telling the family that she is keen to expand her drug business, with Kanan close by, watching his mum delve deeper into the trade. A clip is also shown of Detective Howard sitting with Kanan but is he going to tell the teen the truth? Season two will pick up from the shocking series one ending with Kanan shooting Detective Howard and leaving him for dead. Kanan doesn't know that the police officer is his dad, having been instructed to kill Detective Howard by his mum Raq. As he survived the shooting, will the detective reveal all to his estranged son Kanan? Raising Kanan season 2 will premiere on Sunday, August 14, on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.