While the prices of both petrol and diesel are slowly falling down, they still remain much higher than they used to be last year. At the beginning of August 2021, drivers were seeing average prices of 135.36p per litre for petrol and 136.69p for diesel. As it stands, motorists across the UK can expect to fork out 170.40p per litre of unleaded and 182.70p per litre of diesel. With that in mind, drivers are being reminded to use certain tricks that can considerably slash a car’s fuel consumption. According to experts, speeding is the biggest contributor to excessive fuel consumption, with drivers urged to have a gentle right foot. The RAC said it is “very important” to ensure all acceleration is gentle as this will lead to more fuel-efficient driving. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use little-known car cooling trick instead of air con The motoring organisation added: “Of course you will always have to accelerate a number of times on a journey. “But that doesn't mean you have to pull away like you're on the starting line at Silverstone.” They added that the “biggest secret” to achieving a high level of miles per gallon (mpg) is driving in the highest possible gear while keeping within the speed limit. The best advice in urban areas is to change up through the gears as quickly as possible with the lowest revs possible, probably at around 2000rpm. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for driving in heavy rain [WARNING] Drivers warned of no-go overnight parking spaces [INSIGHT] Furious elderly driver hits out at McDonald’s after being fined [FINE] The faster an engine spins, the more fuel it uses. The optimum fuel economy speed will be different for every car and vehicle. When the RAC completed its Record Road Trip in the Audi A6 Ultra, that particular car’s optimum fuel economy speed was 52mph in seventh gear on the flat. While there is an ideal speed, road conditions and gradients will often mean that road users cannot drive at their optimal speed. READ MORE: Motorists could save £2,000 per year for driving an electric car Motorists have to use hypermiling techniques by improvising and adjusting their driving according to the road ahead. Generally speaking, there is no one driving speed which is optimum for fuel economy. The speed of 56mph has often been talked about as being the optimum speed. The RAC said it was due to the old fuel consumption tests being run at three speeds. Urban, 56mph and 75mph were the speeds used in tests, with 56mph always coming out as being the most fuel efficient. On average, most drivers will find the most success when travelling between 45 and 50mph. Fuel economy will also always rely heavily on other factors, including weather conditions and the weight of the vehicle. By removing any unnecessary items like a roof rack or bike rack, drivers can see their fuel economy improve. According to the Energy Saving Trust, an empty roof rack adds 16 percent drag when driving at 75mph. At the same speed, a roof box adds 39 percent, making the vehicle much less fuel efficient.