Manchester United have decided to use a swap deal to sign Sergino Dest after Barcelona demanded £17million for the USA international, it has been claimed. The 21-year-old previously played under Erik ten Hag at Ajax. And the pair may end up being reunited before the transfer window slams shut at 11pm on Thursday. Manchester United are open to signing a new right-back in the coming days. Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Brandon Williams have been deemed surplus to requirements, meaning Diogo Dalot almost walks into the team by default these days. Dest is on United’s radar as they look for a sixth deal of the summer, having landed Antony, Casemiro, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia so far. And Managing Barca have claimed the Catalan giants want around £17m to let Dest go, but United want to broker a swap deal. Earlier on Monday, there was a report claiming that Wan-Bissaka was being used as bait to land the Barcelona star. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers Big things were expected of the 24-year-old when he moved to Old Trafford back in the summer transfer window of 2019, having impressed for Crystal Palace. He appeared to be developing well under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer for two years but, since the beginning of last season, has alarmingly regressed. Wan-Bissaka has been linked with a return to Selhurst Park at a time where the Red Devils are trying to broker his departure, and strengthen their squad. However, a move to Barcelona could be on the cards instead. Dest is more attack-minded by the United star and, having played under Ten Hag before, would be familiar with the Dutchman’s methods and demands. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him And he’s not the only Barcelona star who has emerged as a target for Ten Hag and his side over the course of the window. Frenkie de Jong was earmarked as a priority acquisition earlier on, with Ten Hag eager to secure a reunion with a player he’s previously managed over in Amsterdam. Yet with the 25-year-old reluctant to leave the Nou Camp behind, the Red Devils proceeded to raid Real Madrid for Casemiro instead. United have registered an interest in Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who was subject to a terrifying robbery earlier in the week. However, the Gabon international would prefer to play under Thomas Tuchel at Chelsea again if he’s forced into leaving Catalonia behind before the deadline. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. A third Barcelona star to have been linked with United is Memphis Depay. The Netherlands international previously moved to Manchester in 2015, when Louis van Gaal was manager, only to be sold by Jose Mourinho 18 months later. With Cristiano Ronaldo’s long-term future still uncertain, United could try and land Depay as a potential replacement. However, it’s unclear whether the 28-year-old is a genuine target or whether the Red Devils are merely keeping tabs on his situation. Regarding Dest, meanwhile, Barcelona boss Xavi hinted last week that the 21-year-old was free to find a new club. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “We’ve talked to him and he knows his situation here,” he said. And Xavi also hit out at the length of the transfer window, insisting it’s ‘poorly organised’ by the footballing authorities. “This is not a good situation for the players who are allowed to leave, but also not for the coaches,” said the Spaniard, who won the lot at Barcelona during his playing days. “The transfer market should close before the competition starts. I think it is poorly organised. “You can’t work quietly in the first weeks of the season.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here