Cristiano Ronaldo did not speak after being informed he’d be dropped by Erik ten Hag for Manchester United’s 2-1 win over Liverpool, reports claim. The Portugal international was demoted to the bench for the showdown at Old Trafford, having previously toiled during his side’s 4-0 defeat to Brentford. And whether he’s reinstated to the team anytime soon remains to be seen. Manchester United sprung a major shock on Monday night, with both Ronaldo and Harry Maguire dropped for their match with Liverpool. But Ten Hag’s willingness to roll the dice paid off, with goals from Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford giving the Dutchman the first three points of his Old Trafford reign. According to The Sun, Ronaldo was told in a two hour meeting that he wouldn’t be deployed from the start - with Ten Hag laying the law down to his players following their abject start to the season. And it’s claimed that while the 37-year-old was present, he didn’t speak up. Ronaldo’s future has been up in the air ever since the end of June, when it emerged he’d asked the club to leave. United have repeatedly insisted he won’t be sold this summer, however, with Ten Hag planning for the current campaign with the veteran in his thoughts. Man Utd transfers: Fifth, sixth and seventh signings known after Casemiro deal The club even moved to quash talk of a potential move to Sporting Lisbon on Thursday night, denying claims a transfer to take him back to Portugal was ’99 per cent done’. Yet it’ll be fascinating to see what happens with Ronaldo, amid reports that Ten Hag is now willing to part ways with the former Real Madrid and Juventus star. United are next in action against Southampton on Saturday as they look for a second win on the trot. But given how well the Red Devils performed against Liverpool, it’s possible Ten Hag will continue to leave both Ronaldo and Maguire out of his side. The Dutchman is prepared to rip up the rule book in order to achieve success at Old Trafford, which includes dropping some big names in his side. DON’T MISSMan Utd beat Liverpool: Five things we learnedThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him And how Ronaldo would take to being benched for a second game in a row would be fascinating to see. When Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick dropped the veteran last term, United failed to win any match without the forward in their ranks. But there are already signs they’re evolving without Ronaldo taking the spotlight, something that bodes well for the future. Meanwhile, one person who wants Ronaldo to stay at Old Trafford is new signing Casemiro. The Brazil international completed his move from Real Madrid earlier in the week and has been training ahead of the match with Southampton. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Casemiro and Ronaldo previously shared a dressing room at Real Madrid, striking up a good bond both on and off the pitch. And the Samba star has now hailed his team-mate, saying: "We are talking about one of the best players of all time. "He knows that I respect him a lot. I hope he stays with us because he is a great player. “He gives you a lot of goals, he is a winner, he is a leader. He is so important for us. "We approached each other because of the language, too. Since the first day here, he has helped me with everything. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He is helping me a lot. I really hope he stays with us." And Casemiro also revealed he was hoping to win trophies during his time at United, adding: "Well, I have five [Champions Leagues], right? But, it's not because I have five that I don't want to win with Manchester. "The Champions League is the most important championship and everyone wants to win it. “But, as I said, the club was very nice with me since the first day, the coach as well, they left me very comfortable. "These things are important. And sure, if we will not be at the Champions League or win the Premier [League], I will be sad, very nervous. But we know it happens with a lot of work and dedication." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here