Tottenham are reportedly putting in the groundwork to rival Chelsea for Everton starlet Anthony Gordon in a late transfer twist this summer. Gordon, who enjoyed a breakthrough season at Goodison Park last term, has been heavily linked with a move to Stamford Bridge before the transfer window shuts at the start of next month. Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has had a huge impact in north London since taking the helm last November. And he has put together a squad that could be capable of launching an assault on the Premier League title. The Italian has already signed Ivan Perisic, Destiny Udogie, Richarlison, Yves Bissouma, Djed Spence and Fraser Forster on permanent deals this summer as well as bringing in Clement Lenglet on loan from Barcelona. But it appears his transfer business isn’t finished yet. According to Football Insider, Tottenham are preparing a formal move for Gordon after tracking him closely all summer. Spurs have already held preliminary talks and have been told that the 21-year-old is keen to join them. JUST IN: Man Utd: Ten Hag made history vs Liverpool and picks out double act   Spurs chiefs regard Gordon as a top talent and believe he has the potential to develop and improve under Conte and his coaching staff. And Everton’s resistance when it comes to selling the player is now set for its most significant test. Chelsea and Newcastle have already had bids for the winger rejected. But, according to Sky Sports, the Blues are still in discussions with Everton and are now willing to pay £60million to get their hands on the talented ace. So the youngster could well have a big decision to make in the coming days. DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Fernandes spills info on Ronaldo after Liverpool winJude Bellingham to Liverpool: £103m move 'expected', Gerrard backingLiverpool's Klopp makes 'ridiculous' claim after Man Utd defeat      Gordon made 35 Premier League appearances for the Toffees last season after previously spending time on loan at Preston. And the attacker bagged four goals and two assists in those matches as Everton only just avoided relegation to the Championship. This season, Gordon has started all three of his side’s Premier League encounters but is yet to find the back of the net, with Everton picking-up just one point after drawing to Nottingham Forest following defeats at the hands of Chelsea and Aston Villa. Gordon still has three years remaining on his current contract after putting pen-to-paper on a new deal in 2020. But Everton could finally cave in and cash in on the ace. If Tottenham can get their hands on the player, he would face a battle to secure a regular starting berth, with the likes of Son Heung-min, Dejan Kulusevski, Richarlison and Lucas Moura all currently battling for two wing positions. But Gordon will be confident that he can go on to be a star of the future if he does opt for a big-money move to north London. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here  