As the cost of living skyrockets, Google searches for “pension help” has increased a significant 157 percent from this time 10 years ago. However, there are many routes Britons can take to give their pension pots a boost. One way is to opt into a workplace pension, as these often come with sizeable, additional contributions from the employer - depending on the industry. A workplace pension offers a way for employees to save for their retirement through their wages. Every month, a certain percentage will be deducted from the employee's salary and paid directly into a pension pot set up by the employer. The employer will also contribute to this pot with their own percentage. Employer pension contributions vary across industries and sectors, and while some typically match the contribution, some can offer a significant amount more. READ MORE: State pension warning as making key mistake may mean you miss out  However, with living costs spiralling, people have been busy searching for ways to get the best returns for their money, and pensions appear to be one of the higher priorities for Britons as the years have gone on. For those with pensions high on the agenda, they may want to know the industries offering the best rates. After analysing data from the Office of National Statistics, Investing Reviews has revealed a startling comparison of pension contributions across industries in a new study. The research aimed to establish which industry has the highest percentage of its workforce receiving employer pension contributions of 20 percent or more.  This research revealed that employers in public administration and defence (including compulsory social security) are the most generous when it comes to pension contributions with 67.9 percent of employers contributing 20 percent or more to their employees’ pension pot. The second-best sector to work in in terms of employer contributions to pensions is education. The percentage of employers in the education sector contributing 20 percent or more currently rests at 64 percent - the second highest percentage out of all industries. The high contribution percentage is likely due to both industries being based mainly in the state sector as well as the private sector. Employers in the electricity, gas, steam, and air conditioning supply sector that contribute 20 percent or more to their employees’ pension pot rest at 19.4 percent - the third highest percentage of any industry. DON'T MISS:State pension age: What next for WASPI? [INSIGHT]State pension age feared to rise to 70 and above - ‘working longer' [ANALYSIS]Free bus pass: Pensioners eligible for discount - who else? [EXPLAINED]     The fourth best sector to work in for a good pension contribution is the human health and social work activities sector. A total of 15.4 percent of employers in this sector contribute 20 percent or more to the pensions of their employees. Water supply, including waste management, sewerage, and remediation activities, is the fifth-best sector to work in for good employer contributions to pensions. Employers in this sector contributing 20 percent or more to pension pots amount to 10.6 percent, the fifth highest of all industries. However, the study found employers in wholesale and retail trade (including motor vehicles and motorcycle repair) has the lowest percentage of employer contributions of 20 percent or more, at only 1.3 percent. A spokesperson from Investing Reviews said: “With the cost of living crisis playing on the minds of many, working in a sector that offers good pension contributions can bring ease of mind when thinking about future finances.  “This study serves as an insightful guide as to the sectors where employer contributions are higher than others.” Here’s the list of top 10 industries and sectors seeing employers pay 20 percent or more into employee pensions pots in order, as gathered by Investing Reviews. 