The Briton was hailed as one of the all-time greats whose images of the conflict including those shown here helped turn public opinion against America's involvement. Born in Tunbridge Wells, Kent, he became an action man living on the edge in the world's battle zones. His larger-than-life persona and dedication to getting dramatic shots made him the inspiration for Dennis Hopper's lensman in Oscar-winning movie Apocalypse Now. He was injured five times in the line of duty and almost bled to death when a coastguard ship he was on was hit by friendly fire. As well as snapping the Indochina wars and conflicts in Afghanistan, Israel, Bosnia and East Timor, he also became an acclaimed rock and counter-culture photographer. Tim was a prolific drug-user and was once arrested with Jim Morrison, legendary lead singer of The Doors, when police accused the band of inciting a riot at a 1967 gig.  His friend and fellow photographer Ben Bohane praised Tim yesterday as a "humanist" who knew pictures could "change perceptions and highlight the folly of war". Tim always insisted "the only good war photograph is an anti-war photograph" and once reacted with incredulity when asked to take the glamour out of his shots. He exclaimed: "How the b****y hell can you do that? War is good for you. It's like trying to take the glamour out of sex. You're out there confronted with whatever horror is going on, so just get on with the job and find the best frame you can. "Perhaps that's why war photography is so strong, because there are no political considerations." Born in 1944 Tim was raised by a foster family after his father, a merchant navy sailor, was killed in a North Atlantic submarine attack. He left Britain in 1962 and travelled around Europe, the Middle East and Asia, where be launched his career by taking pictures of a civil war in Laos. His awards included the prestigious Robert Capa Gold Medal, for his book Requiem, which included a selection of his Vietnam photographs. He also spent years searching for friend and fellow snapper Sean Flynn, son of Hollywood great Errol Flynn, who was captured by the Cambodian Khmer Rouge and never seen again. Tim passed away from liver cancer at home in New SouthWales, with partner Marianne Harris and friends at his side. He leaves a son Kit from a previous relationship. 