Loose Women star Denise Welch has set tongues wagging that she is heading onto Strictly Come Dancing this year. A pal posted about the 64-year-old’s “Strictly NDA” as she disguised herself with a napkin. Contestants on the 2022 series of Strictly have begun to be announced this week, with soap stars Will Mellor and Kym Marsh already confirmed, along with Radio 2 DJ Richie Anderson. And now Denise has hinted that she will be in the running to lift the Glitterball trophy, as she posed with a napkin and glasses over her face. Her friend Clemmie Moodie snapped a photo for Instagram, with the caption: “Taking her Strictly Come Dancing NDA very seriously”. Denise reposted the picture, adding laughing face emojis. READ MORE: First Dates' Fred Sirieix watches daughter dive in Commonwealth Games Last year, her Loose Women co-star Judi Love took part in the show, and Hollyoaks star Denise was vocal in her support. When Judi found herself in the bottom two twice in a row, Denise raged that she didn’t understand what was going on. She replied to a tweet from James Jordan, who had written: “So gutted for Judi. “Am I the only person who loves her performances? “Maybe not the best dancer but she sells it 100% and totally gets into character. “Come on Judi.” Denise responded: "I don't get it at all!!!" The actress previously took part in Dancing on Ice back in 2011, when she was partnered with Matt Evers. DON'T MISS...Charlene White hits out as she's blasted for Lionesses diversity query [TWITTER] Penny Lancaster, 51, in lacy dress on holiday with husband Rod, 77 [PICTURES] Gary Lineker refuses to be 'bullied' after Euro 2022 backlash [INSIGHT] Her then-husband Tim Healy famously stormed onto the stage and confronted judge Jason Gardiner for his disparaging remarks. Wrapping his arm around Jason’s shoulder, Tim gave him a piece of his mind. Jason had compared Denise’s performance to “watching two people playing Twister”. Tim demanded: “She’s got four jobs – how many have you got, eh?” He later admitted: “He was lucky I didn’t chin him.” Denise even revealed she feared Tim would punch the notoriously straight-talking judge. “I thought, ‘Oh my God, he’s going to hit him,’” she said. “But I ran up to him and said ‘don’t do it again’, so my friends were shackling him down.”