Vogue recently said Meghan Markle has entered a new style chapter consisting of “three “modes: Santa Barbara mom, Hollywood bysinesswoman, and exiled royal on a mission to tell her side of the story”. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Karine Laudort, a freelance fashion and lifestyle expert about the Duchess of Sussex’s new style direction. Describing Meghan’s style in a sentence, Karine said the Duchess is “effortlessly chic, sophisticated, and stylish”. She creates “preppy [but] casual” outfits and “never shies away from wearing denim with flats or sneakers paired with a boyfriend shirt or dressing-up pencil shorts with stilettos”. “She is the queen of high-waisted trousers, heels and fitted blazers,” the expert added. This year, Meghan seems to have simplified her wardrobe, Karine explained how the royal curates a minimalist look, but still manages to keep it chic. “Meghan chose to stay away from bold and striking colours and opted for a simple but understated look in the past year,” she said. “I think one of the main ways she moved to conservative and classy is by taking on the ‘less is more’ approach in fashion; her choice of dress is plain or monochrome but she will always add character by accessorising with statement fine jewellery (such as a golden bangle) and a classic Mulberry tote bag.” READ MORE: Princess Charlotte may wear accessory to stand out at school Karine expanded further on colour choices Meghan has been seen wearing: “There is an obvious shift from striking colours and patterns, to single-tone outfits. Despite Meghan's love of bright colours (such as green or yellow), she has possibly decided to avoid being scrutinised due to her fashion choices and to simplify her looks whilst remaining classy. She is now often opting for white, black, darker browns and more pastel colours which are more subtle.” Does one have to have more confidence to wear tonal outfits as opposed to bright and both colours? The expert revealed: “I find brighter and bolder colours are more polarising and therefore, would require more gut and confidence to worn, especially if one does not like to be in centre stage. “Meghan has often been portrayed as an up-and-coming actress who was used to be glamorous and the centre of attention everywhere where she went. I take she seems now happy to be beside her husband and to complement their couple aesthetic. DON'T MISS...The food and drink enjoyed by Kate & Will - including alcohol drink [INSIDER]No1 area to focus on to reverse signs of ageing 'instantly' [BEAUTY]Food storage hacks: How to keep berries mould-free for 2 weeks [GUIDE] “Meghan is also often seen in white clothing which is known to represent peace, simplicity and neutrality, possibly trying to steer the attention away from her.” Karine gave her thoughts on what Meghan’s ‘go-to’ pieces are: “Meghan's signature looks were perfectly incorporated into her Invictus Games wardrobe: power suits, off-the-shoulder bodysuits flattering her neckline. “When she wants to go for a business look, then she will often opt for pencil skirts, matching clutch and pumps paired with minimal jewellery.” In terms of designers, Meghan is now free to wear whatever brand she wants now she is no longer a senior working royal, and Karine said: “Meghan has always been a fashionista and has often experimented with Couture and Designer ready to wear with brands such as Givenchy, Dior, Ralph Lauren and Armani. READ MORE: Royal with most expensive beauty regime named - costs £717 meghan miller “She will also equally go for South American brands such as Gabriela Hearst (Uruguai) and Carolina Herrera (Venezuela). “As one of her classic designer jewellery favourites, she will often opt for Cartier classic watches and Love bracelets. “As for her choice of footwear, as she mostly wears heels, she usually goes for Manolo Blahnik, Aquazzura or Giuseppe Zanotti otherwise.” Karine discussed whether Meghan not having to adhere to royal protocols, like wearing sheer tights with dresses, skirts with hemlines to the knee or below, and no shoulders or cleavage on show, is her way of becoming a talking point as she can be bolder with her fashion choices. “Meghan has been wearing a lot more distressed denim paired with more classic - sometimes formal - tops (blazers, shirts, collared tops),” Karine said. “I do not think her change in style is for her to become a talking point, but as she is finally able to express herself through her fashion without any royal constraints. “Her style was, therefore, able to evolve a lot since she became a mother and moved to California. She is definitely more relaxed and now can be seen experimenting with slightly more daring outfits, on special occasions, such as the red Carolina Herrera dress she wore at the Freedom Gala last year.” The Duchess manages to make her outfits look smart with a little bit of sexiness and the fashion expert explained how she does this: “Meghan definitely knows what flatters her figure best and her best physical assets, which means that she can very subtly be sexy whilst remaining classy and not revealing too much. “She also often wears heels which accentuates her legs and allure but also knows to wear tops with broader necklines or off-the-shoulder outfits (dresses, tops, jumpsuits) as her collar bone is also one of her nicest features. “By now, she mastered the 'less is more' approach when it comes to her style.”