Musement created a database of the most popular villages in each province of Spain. Each of the villages are stunningly beautiful and have fewer than 20,000 residents. The prettiest village in the south of Spain is Mojacar, which is located on the stunning Costa Almeria. The beautiful mountain village is very close to a gorgeous tourist beach resort, Mojacar Playa. Mojacar is a traditional southern village with whitewashed houses and is overlooked by the Sierra Cabrera mountain range. Nearby Mojacar Playa offers a 17km coastline of stunning beaches with plenty of uncrowded spots. READ MORE: Passengers should 'avoid' two items of clothing for free upgrade The best way to explore beautiful Mojacar is on foot and many tourists choose to wind away around its narrow alleys and walkways. Mojacar is only a short walk from the beach but there is also a regular bus service for tourists who don’t fancy the uphill walk. One visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “So scenic! Mojacar is a beautiful village with so much to see. “Plaza Nueva is a really scenic square and very picturesque with lovely views. It’s an excellent place to visit.” Another said: “Stunning. Got the local bus from the plaza and went up to catch the sunset. “Beautiful. We loved the layout of the bar, shops and the little streets.” Other visitors choose to explore the Torre del Pirulico, a rocky outcrop overlooking stunning sea views. One visitor said: “Stunning view. We parked by the beach and walked the pathway along the sea up to the tower. “The stairwell inside the tower is narrow but once you emerge on the top the view and breeze are breathtaking.” READ MORE: 'Dump him!' Woman's surprise holiday for boyfriend goes wrong Mojacar enjoys one of Europe’s hottest climates and has over 320 days of sunshine a year on average. The average temperature is 20 degrees making it the perfect destination to enjoy some late summer sun. Mojacar’s closest airport is Almeria which is about 50km away. Direct flights are available from London on budget airlines. It’s also reachable from Alicante airport and is around a two and a half hour drive from Murcia. Spain is the UK’s leading international holiday destination and easyJet data found more than 30 percent of Britons planned to holiday there in 2022. Many Britons flock to the stunning Costa Blanca and Costa del Sol to enjoy sunshine and gorgeous beaches. The Costa Almeria, where Mojacar is located, is normally quieter and sometimes cheaper than the more popular spots. The most expensive holiday destination in Spain are the Balearic islands with Majorca and Ibiza topping the price list.