Anthony Joshua’s former opponent Dorian Darch claims that ‘AJ’ is not the hardest puncher he has faced. The Welshman believes that ‘Lay Em Out’ Ian Lewison carries a harder whack with the Watford powerhouse in second place. Darch faced Joshua in the Olympic gold medallist’s fourth professional outing at the Motorpoint Arena, Cardiff where he was stopped in the second round. To his credit, Darch stayed on his feet during the finishing sequence but was badly wobbled by a punishing left hook as referee Terry O’Connor waved off the bout. Despite commending Joshua for his ‘concussive’ one-punch knockout power, ‘Dark Fruits’ affirms that Lewison is the hardest puncher has faced during his 25-fight stint in the paid ranks which includes contests against Daniel Dubois, Hughie Fury, and Eddie Chambers. “You’re probably not going to believe this, but I’d rank Joshua second behind Ian Lewison, he’s the f***ing biggest puncher I’ve ever fought. The c*** broke my jaw, I was eating soup for a month because of that c***. He hit me with an uppercut that broke my jaw. He has done the most damage to me with a punch and hurt me the most in my career," he said. Lewison retired from professional boxing with a 12-4-1 record in 2017 after losing to Joe Joyce. During the course of his career, he knocked out eight of his seventeen opponents and is a former Southern Area belt holder and British title challenger. When he fought Darch in 2012, he stopped him in the fourth round with a perfectly placed uppercut that could be heard right across the Brentwood Centre in Brentwood, Essex. But Lewison, now 40, never achieved the lofty heights expected of him and Darch believes he could have achieved a lot more. MORE BOXING NEWS... Dubois 'suing' promoter King as details and statements emerge Jake Paul makes KSI fight prediction as he raises question over 'risk' Usyk sparring partner feared he was 'going to get killed' at eerie HQ “He didn’t train I don’t think, he liked his McDonalds too much. Some people just haven’t got it in them, have they? He needed to go to the next level, I think at the time he was a full-time boxer but he was known for being lazy. Ability wise he could have done much more than he did in my opinion. More than he did himself, he could have at least won a British, or a European if he dedicated himself to the sport.” Since retiring from professional boxing in 2020 following a loss to Dave Allen, Darch began fighting for British bare-knuckle boxing company, BKBtm. Darch went 1-2 in the organisation with two losses on cuts in fights he was winning on the scorecards against Jody Meikle and Ryan Barrett. He now prepares for his swansong contest in Swedish no-holds-barred fighting outfit King of the Streets later this year.