Lewis Hamilton has opened up on a “life-changing reset” during the F1 summer break after a difficult start to the 2022 season. In a social media post, Hamilton revealed he has spent his summer break exploring Africa in what he says has been a “groundbreaking experience” for him. Mercedes star Hamilton claimed the trip has helped him gain a “new perspective on life”. The multiple world champion even suggested the trip had helped him to “re-centre” and find “peace”. The images posted show the seven-time champion enjoying a range of activities including quad-biking in the desert and going on a hot air balloon. Hamilton is seen smiling or beaming in all the images as he enjoys a much-deserved break after a difficult campaign. He wrote on Instagram: “This year I’m spending my summer break doing something I’ve wanted to do for years. I’m finally tracing my roots through Africa and guys, to say this journey has been a grounding experience is an understatement. This has been a life-changing reset. “I feel like I have gained a new perspective on life, grown an even stronger love for animals and became even closer with my brothers who I’ve shared this special journey with. Everywhere I look I’m surrounded by so much beauty, and I feel truly re-centred and at peace. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton accepts he's 'not been perfect in the background' “My first stop was Namibia, one of the most stunning places I’ve ever seen with my own eyes. Words and pictures do not do it justice. The hot air balloon ride was surreal. We had to land sideways which is definitely something I’ll never forget. I could not think of a better place to spend this time off. Sending everyone peace and light, I’m off to the next stop.” Team-mate George Russell is also enjoying a rest after a good start to his first season at the Silver Arrows. The former Williams star posted an image of himself sunbathing in what appeared to be the UK over the weekend. DON'T MISS'We can't forever rely' Lewis Hamilton's warning to Mercedes engineers [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton cautious of Toto Wolff approach at Mercedes [INSIGHT]Christian Horner reacts as Red Bull poach ex-Lewis Hamilton engineer [ANALYSIS] He posted: “Holiday mode activated. See you all in a few weeks.” Mercedes' F1 team posted an amusing social media clip on Sunday showing their engineers turning off their laptops and powering down for the summer break. The summer break is a mandatory team shutdown where work is severely restricted. Teams cannot work on car designs or developments or even hold planning meetings during a 14-day window in the interval.