Ridley is coming to ITV this weekend and it stars Line of Duty's Adrian Dunbar as the title character. The retired detective is called on as a consultant for a harrowing murder case after the tragic death of his wife and daughter. Adrian spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about showcasing his musical talent in the series. The new detective drama shows Line of Duty star Adrian in a different light as he plays a character haunted by the ghosts of his past. As he returns to the force to help his former apprentice with an investigation, he is battling with the loss of his family. In order to channel his grief, Ridley turns to music and Adrian is heard singing throughout the series. The star was excited to show fans a different side of him, although he has been performing on stage for many years. He said hearing the songs Ridley would sing is what drew him to the series. READ MORE: Vera star opens up on tricky logistics of series 'Fries your brain' "I think it helped me resolve where I was putting my grief, I was putting my grief into the music," he said. "Also what became apparent was whereas he is trying to keep everybody off him, he's trying to stop everybody going in there with him, when he does come across a victim of a crime that allows him to share that. "He's got a real empathy for the other people who are in grief around him because of what has happened to him. "That was an interesting thing we found, it's difficult to know how to show that stuff and where you can show it." The star said he was not nervous about singing as it was something he would love to do more of. He shared: "There was no nervousness at all, I started playing in a band, being on stage and singing is something I have done quite a bit of. "Even in my 40s I put another band together when I went out on the road in Ireland playing in pubs and bars and stuff like that just for my own enjoyment because I like it. "I just love that element of the character, I was always tempted to do that at some point. "I think it's very integrated, I don't think it feels like it's an add-on." Adrian was asked whether he would like to turn his attention to music further down the line. DON'T MISS...Vera star addresses new job away from series 'A tough act to follow' [INTERVIEW] 'Good chance I'll be killed off' Martin Compston sets record straight [VIDEO] Line of Duty’s Adrian Dunbar hits out at Cressida Dick [INSIGHT] He said: "I have been talking to a couple of people about doing some, it's just finding the time, isn't it? "I might do another gig with my mate in Soho in September but I might go in and try and record some things." In the series, Ridley listens to jazz music on a vinyl turntable and is an accomplished performer in his own right. Adrian shared: "I wanted there to be something interesting about Ridley beyond the police work. "I really wanted to do something with music in it, so I suggested that he owned a jazz club. "And then I did some research regarding jazz and the north of England and so forth. "I came across Richard Hawley, who I didn’t know, and started listening to his songs. "Subsequently, we contacted Richard and we found three of his songs that we really liked because I thought they really suited my character. "And so we went and recorded them and fitted them into the show. And I think that element really works."  Ridley airs on ITV on August 28 from 8pm.