During the episode, the Duchess of Sussex spoke with sporting legend Serena Williams about the double standards women face when they are labelled "ambitious". It comes after the pro tennis player announced she would be stepping back from the sport earlier this month. Harry made an impromptu appearance on the episode. The episode, entitled The Misconception of Ambition with Serena Williams, began with Meghan saying: "You wanna come say hi? Look who just popped in." Meghan and Williams greeted Harry by saying "hello" in mocking British accents. READ MORE: Serena Williams makes telling 'pressure' comment as retirement nears Harry responded to Ms Williams, saying: "How you doing? I like what you've done with your hair. It's a great vibe". She replied: "Thank you. Good to see you, as always. I miss you guys". To which, the Duke replied: "Well come and see us", with Meghan saying they would make a plan. As Harry leaves, Meghan remarked: "Thanks my love."  Meghan launched the Archetype podcast on Spotify this week following the couple's decision to sign with the streaming platform. Harry and Meghan signed a lucrative deal to host and produce podcasts, which was estimated to be worth around £18million in late 2020. The launch of Markle's podcast comes two years after the pair partnered with the company. At the time, Harry and Meghan released the first episode of their podcast, Archewell Audio, featuring guests such as Elton John and James Corden. On the streaming platform, the description of Meghan's new podcast reads: "In this groundbreaking new podcast, Archetypes, Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex, investigates the labels that try to hold women back. "Meghan will speak with historians and experts to uncover the origin of these stereotypes and have uncensored conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives." When the podcast was announced in March, Meghan spoke about the types of guests that would be featured throughout the season and what they would discuss. In a teaser, she said: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us... but where do these stereotypes come from? And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?" 