 Louise Redknapp, 47, has made a candid confession on how she is handling her eldest son’s impending departure from the family home. The former Eternal singer admitted to crying several times a day just thinking about the day Charley, 18, moves to the US.   But Charley is soon set to leave the family home to explore life on his own in the US as he continues his studies. And it seems that is something Louise is having trouble coming to terms with, despite the singer being “super proud” of her son. She said: “I keep crying. I cry like 10 times a day at the moment, like if someone’s nice to me I start crying like, 'Sorry it’s just my son’s going to university'. READ MORE: Lily James wows in lingerie as Pamela Anderson on Pam & Tommy set  "Everyone who has had kids go off to university say, it’s normal. “I’m super proud of him but, God, I’m gonna miss him,” she added to Metro.co.uk. Louise looked every bit the proud mom back in July when she shared a picture of her son’s school leavers dinner. In the snap, Louise looked as elegant as ever in a colourful floral print dress and black stilettos.   Charley also looked dapper in a black tux with a red bow tie as he posed with his arm around the singer. Louise said in the Instagram post: "So proud of my boy and best friend @charley_redknapp. “School leavers dinner tonight, next stop uni." Charley’s dad Jamie, who was married to Louise for 19 years, also marked his son’s accomplishments with a social media post. DON'T MISS...'Pathetic!' Alastair Stewart rages at mocking of Lady Louise [INSIGHT]Heidi Klum, 49, says she still loves taking her clothes off [COMMENT]Carol Vorderman, 61, exposes killer abs in sultry bikini [PICS]  Sharing a snap of the pair having a drink, Jamie teased Charley’s upcoming venture across the pond. He wrote: "Epsom college leavers ball. “Wow! You guys were on fire tonight. “I'm so proud of you and the man you're turning into @charley_redknapp.  “Next stop [American flag and football emojis]." He then quipped: "We might have to work on your bow tie game. Have a word." The proud parents shared more pictures of their teenage son weeks later to mark his 18th birthday. Louise gushed about how proud she was of her “superstar,” whom she branded her “best friend”.