Now is a very good time to buy a new Fire TV Stick with Amazon cutting the cost of these popular devices and making the best Fire deals even better. Prices for the streaming sticks now start from just £21.99 and it's not just the entry-level Lite device that's now less expensive to own. The online retailer has actually slashed costs across its entire range of Fire TV gadgets with five products available in the sale. This "End of Summer" saving means you can pop the TV Stick 4K in your online shopping basket for just £34.99 (saving £15) or take delivery of the ultimate TV Stick Max for just £44.99 (saving £10). There's even a price cut on the premium Fire TV Cube which now costs £69.99 - that's a whopping £50 saving. If you weren't already aware, the Cube offers improved performance and full 4K HDR streaming along with hands-free Alexa controls. If that news has got you pondering an upgrade then here are all the best Fire TV Stick Lite • NOW £21.99 - SAVE £8The Fire TV Stick Lite is Amazon's entry-level streaming device but it still offers access to all of the most popular services such as Disney+ and Netflix. It even arrives with an Alexa-powered voice remote for easy access to shows, movies and streaming apps.SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Stick • NOW £24.99 - SAVE £15This standard Stick offers slightly better features than the Lite with owners able to control their TV's volume from the remote. It's also fully HD compatible and features dedicated Prime Video, Netflix and Disney+ buttons for easy access to these streaming platforms.SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Stick 4K • NOW £34.99 - SAVE £15The Fire TV Stick 4K does exactly what it says on the tin with this device able to stream content in glorious 4K quality. That means users will be treated to a pin-sharp image when watching the latest blockbusters or bingeing on box sets. Like all the other Fire TV Sticks, there's also an Alexa voice remote and one-touch access to premium content.SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Stick 4K Max • NOW £44.99 - SAVE £10If you want the best of the best then the Fire TV Stick Max should be top of your wishlist. This device is not only Ultra HD compatible but is also faster and more reliable thanks to an improved processor and Wi-Fi 6 technology.SEE THE DEAL HERE Fire TV Cube • NOW £69.99 - SAVE £50The Fire Cube is Amazon's most powerful streaming device with it featuring an ultra-powerful hexa-core processor which the firm says delivers a fast, fluid 4K streaming experience. There's also full support for Dolby Vision, HDR, HDR10+ and immersive Dolby Atmos audio.SEE THE DEAL HERE It's not just Amazon Fire TV Sticks that have been slashed in price with Amazon also dropping the cost of other devices such as its Echo smart speaker, Samsung Galaxy smartphones and even £160 off the Apple Watch. These deals mean you can grab that smartwatch from Apple for just £203 or get Alexa in your living room from £22.99.