Summer heatwaves have forced experts to issue urgent tyre warnings to UK drivers, with some motorists experiencing dangerous, exploding wheels as the result of overheating rubber and too much air pressure. Allan Weir, manager at GoodBye Car said: “Heat can cause your vehicle's tyre pressure to expand, with every 10C increase your tyre pressure goes up, so it is essential to check your tyre pressure throughout the day." Not only should motorists be aware of their tyre pressure when the thermometer rises, but it's also an "essential" check they should make regularly to ensure they are meeting legal requirements. Mr said: “​Drivers must also remember if your tyres don’t meet legal requirements, you could face a fine of £2,500 per tyre and three penalty points on your licence.” According to data from National Highways, more than a fifth of all breakdowns on English motorways and major A-roads last year were caused by tyre issues. Over 41,500 breakdowns in 2021 were caused by tyre problems alone. As the temperature rises, this could impact your tyres, so it's important to keep an eye on them. READ MORE: Simple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin Mr Weir explained: “Over-inflated tyres can lose traction on roads and can cause uneven wearing, which can make your vehicle unsafe not only for you but also for other drivers." As well as safety, keeping an eye on tyre pressure can also help with overall running costs. The motoring expert said: “Maintaining the right tyre pressure can save you fuel. "For example, if your tyres are over- or under-inflated, it could have an impact on your vehicle's fuel usage as well as its safety. "If your tyres are under-inflated by six PSI of its recommended inflation, then you will use three percent more fuel.”  Understand where to find your tyre pressure Though it might seem obvious, for new drivers or those with a new vehicle, it's crucial to understand how to find your tyre pressure. Mr Weird said: "Tyre pressures can be found in your vehicle's handbook, are usually stamped on the sill of the driver's door, and can sometimes be found inside your fuel cap." DON'T MISSSave £5 on fuel at ALL UK petrol stations with new cash back deal [EXPLAINER]20mph speed limit does not change drivers’ attitudes [INSIGHT]UK drivers face massive £200 fines for installing their dash cams [REPORT] Check the load of your vehicle Settings for your tyres can vary if you are driving with a heavily loaded vehicle, therefore the experts urge motorists to check these in their vehicle handbook. Mr Weir said: "There will be different settings for fully loaded vehicles, so please remember to check these in your vehicle handbook, especially if carrying extra passengers or any additional weight, for example, luggage." Check your tyres' PSI or Bar Mr Weir explained: "Your tyres PSI (pound-force per square inch) or Bar (one bar is equal to 14.5038 PSI) can be checked using a tyre pressure gauge. "These can be bought to keep in your car at all times, or can be used at petrol stations." Set your tyre pressure monitoring system (TPMS) In November 2014 it became law for every new passenger vehicle to have a TPMS before being sold. Mr Weir said: "Some vehicles manufactured in 2015 have a built-in TPMS, where the owner can set the tyre pressure for their vehicle. If your tyre pressure falls below the setting, you will be notified to add more pressure."