Netflix’s new fantasy drama The Sandman landed on screens last week and has taken fans by storm. Despite the overwhelmingly positive response, Dream star Tom Sturridge admitted he was initially worried about potential backlash from viewers.  The Sandman is the onscreen adaptation of a 1989 comic book series of the same name, written by Neil Gaiman. The series followed The Sandman, who was also known as Morpheus, The Master of Dreams (played by Tom Sturridge). After being imprisoned for 70 years, his absence set off a series of events which changed the waking world and his dreaming realm forever. To restore order, Dream was forced to journey across the different worlds and timelines to fix the chaos his absence caused. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist  As Dream was Lord of the realm, he was also a member of a larger family, known as Endless. His family, Death (Kirby Howell-Baptiste), Desire (Mason Alexander Park), and Despair (Donna Preston) were all immortal beings who ruled their own realms. Although, the comic book introduces Dream and his seven siblings, Destruction, Delirium Destiny didn’t appear in the first 10 episodes. The series also boasts of an A-star cast which included Gwendoline Christie as Lucifer, Jenna Coleman as Johanna Constantine and Stephen Fry as Gilbert.    Despite the praise the show has received, The Sandman star Tom confessed he was anxious about fans' reactions. He stated: “Firstly, it’s an awesome responsibility to take on this role simply because it’s something that is so beloved, and quite rightly. “Everyone has passionate opinions about the character, and so I'm frightened to live up to those opinions and ideals. “But at the same time, one of the things that I think is key to Dream is his sense of responsibility.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Vanessa Woodfield and Suzy Merton [THEORY]The Sandman Vortex: What is a Vortex? [INSIGHT]The Sandman creators explain Constantine gender-swap [INSIGHT]  Speaking to Netflix, Tom continued: “I feel that one of the things that we share is this sense of duty, and so I’m hoping that those fears will actually help me.” The creators of the show Neil Gaiman and Allan Heinberg also praised Tom for his portrayal. Allan told Express.co.uk: “Dream seems like a very commanding, cold, unfeeling, emotionally distant entity. “I don't know that we even saw another actor who understood that dynamic and that is something we never had to tell Tom. "He brought that to the table and understood it so profoundly, it was just infused in every second of his performance."  The comic book series faced a number of production woes as there were a number of challenges overcome. However, with the release of season one, fans of the graphic novels will know there is a long way to go until the story is complete. As the original issue ran 75 issues between 1989 and 1996 it’s possible the show could be picked up for a second season. Neil told Radio Times: “There are three of us, the showrunner Allan Heinberg, David Goyer and me, and we've just finished writing the first episode, and plotting and breaking down the first two seasons, so we'll see what happens next.” The Sandman is available on Netflix 