Liverpool transfer target Matheus Nunes is willing to wait for a move to Anfield, according to reports. The Sporting Lisbon midfielder is holding out for a switch to the Reds in a bid to compete for trophies. Jurgen Klopp has insisted that he will not make another signing this summer, even though he has lost Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Thiago Alcantara to new injuries. Some Liverpool fans have desperately pleaded with the club to sign a new midfielder to cover for the stricken duo. Portugal starlet Nunes has been linked with a move to Liverpool but it seems unlikely to happen this summer unless Klopp changes his stance on fresh additions. The 23-year-old is one of the most highly-rated midfielders in Europe, impressing for Sporting in the Primeira Liga. Nunes appears to only have eyes for Liverpool and is apparently willing to wait until the Premier League side are able to make an offer. He wants to win silverware and continue competing in the Champions League, and believes a move to Liverpool will allow him to realise those ambitions. JUST IN: Arsenal may move fast to sign transfer target after Liverpool blow That is according to Portuguese publication Correia da Manha, who claim that the player would be very interested in moving to Liverpool. The Reds have refreshed Klopp’s squad this summer with the additions of Darwin Nunez, Fabio Carvalho and Calvin Ramsay. Another signing would elevate their combined outlay for the window well above £100million. But they could be in for a surprise cash injection thanks to a sell-on clause inserted into Luis Alberto’s contract when he switched Liverpool for Lazio in 2016. Sevilla are keen on a move that Corriere dello Sport claims could see Liverpool earn around £6m. DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd contact winger, Frenkie de Jong bombshellLiverpool have Thiago transfer problem Ward may not be able to solveArsenal and Liverpool learn Pino's agents and Villarreal's thoughts Despite that, Klopp seems unwilling to welcome any more players and insists he has enough options among his first team despite opening the Premier League season with a disappointing 2-2 draw against Fulham. Liverpool lost midfielder Thiago to injury six minutes into the second half. "I know what will now come up, it's clear. We said we don't need a midfielder because we have enough - and we actually have enough, but the problem now is we get punished for something that is not our responsibility really because things like this can happen,” Klopp said when asked about the absences of Thiago and Oxlade-Chamberlain, who is set to miss three months with a hamstring injury. "Look, a transfer must make sense now and in the long term - we have midfielders, we have still enough midfielders. It is not that we lack midfielders, but it's just some of them are injured. This is not a good situation, I don't like it at all, but we have to see how we react on that - but for sure not panicking."