Hornsea 2, which is officially the world's largest wind farm, is now fully operational, generating power about 55 miles off the coast of Yorkshire. Mr Johnson hailed the wind farm as a "huge step forward" towards developing a homegrown, secure supply of energy, which has become a critical focus since Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The wind farm will now generate enough electricity to power about 1.3 million homes, which is enough to run a city the size of Manchester. The Prime Minister unveiled the opening, tweeting: "Wonderful news that the world's largest wind farm, just off the coast of Yorkshire, is now operational. "Hornsea 2 will generate enough electricity to power 1.3 million homes. "It's a huge step forward in our drive towards homegrown, secure energy." Britain is making a massive investment in renewable energy, particularly offshore wind power in the North Sea. Renewable energy has gone from 11 percent of the country's energy mix to 40 percent, with offshore wind making up the bulk of it. Patrick Harnett, programme director for the Hornsea 2 wind farm told BBC News: "The UK is one of the world leaders in offshore wind. "This is very exciting after five years of work to have full commercial operations at the world's largest offshore wind farm." Speaking during a visit to Dorset, Mr Johnson to promised “absolutely shedloads of wind power” as he sought to pin the blame for high gas prices on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Energy fury as companies rake in £170bn profits while Britons suffer The Hornsea 2 wind farm, which is developed by energy firm Orsted.  is now the world's largest wind farm, beating its neighbour Hornsea 1 The project spans an area about four and half times the size of Liverpool. However, Hornsea 2 is unlikely to hold onto this title for long, as even bigger projects are set to open up in the North over the coming years. The chief among them being the Dogger Bank wind farm, which could power a staggering 6 million homes once it is finished construction and brought on stream next year.  Mr Harnett noted that a single rotation of the blades takes six seconds and generates enough electricity to power a home for a day. As technology improves and wind farms get bigger and more powerful, the cost of electricity generated from wind has dropped significantly over the past decade. As the wholesale costs of gas skyrocket, experts have highlighted that renewable energy like wind is now even cheaper to generate. 