Not only are dirty ovens unpleasant to look at, they can be less effective if there is a build up of grease and grime. Foods that are high in fats are the worst contenders when it comes to making the oven dirty, as they release a spray while cooking which can be hard to remove once dried. Other foods such as bacon and sausages can also fill the inside with grime. Dean Davies, oven cleaning technician at Fantastic Services, said: “If you want to clean your oven without any harsh chemicals, simply place a heat-resistant container of water inside while it’s still warm after cooking. “Let it sit for 20 minutes, then turn off the oven and allow it to cool completely, then wipe out the inside with a damp cloth.” Not only is this “simple and natural”, it’s virtually free too. However, water may not work in areas where there is stubborn grease. READ MORE: Where does Rishi Sunak live? A look at the PM hopeful's properties The expert added: “If you’re dealing with extra grease, mix up a homemade degreaser by combining two tablespoons of baking soda with a teaspoon of water. “Add a few drops of essential oils for a pleasant scent. “For best results, apply this mixture to your oven and let it sit overnight. “In the morning, wipe it away with a cloth dampened in a vinegar and water solution.” DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [COMMENT]‘Simple’ guide to pruning wisteria - job to do now [EXPLAINER]Top 10 gardening jobs for August - from pruning to mowing lawn [EXPERT] Baking soda helps to dissolve grease and dirt without damaging the oven. What’s more, it can be picked up for as little as 50p. Oven shelves can also get dirty, and they tend to be harder to clean. Dean explained: “To clean the shelves, start by laying down some old towels in your bathtub. READ MORE: House buying delay causes buyer ‘extreme stress’ and sleepless nights “Next, gently place the racks in the tub and fill it with hot water until they're submerged. “If the shelves are in need of a deep clean, consider using dishwasher tablets. “They work just as well as cleaning solutions made specifically for ovens, and they're much easier to come by. “Just pop a couple in and let the shelves soak for at least four or five hours - overnight is even better.” Once soaked, the cleaning expert said the stains should “melt” away. If there are any remaining spots, a non-abrasive sponge or brush can be used. If the door is removable, it can also be soaked in the bath along with some dishwasher tablets. Dean added: “However, if the door is particularly dirty or stained, you may need to put in some extra effort to clean it properly. “In this case, I recommend using a glass scraper, which is ideal for removing tough stains.”