On Tuesday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attended the 2022 Commonwealth Games. To the surprise of royal fans, the couple was joined by Princess Charlotte, 7, on the royal outing. During their visit, the family appeared "happy and contented" as they enjoyed the festivities in Birmingham. Speaking on a recent video on his YouTube channel, royal expert Neil Sean discussed the couple's "happy" display which appears to send out "a lovely message to the world", following Prince Harry's earlier claims. Mr Sean said: "I think the bigger thing about these particular pictures though, that truly speaks volumes to me is that really they both just look so happy and contented in each other's company. "A lot more relaxed. "I think, more importantly, that shows you can't fake that sort of happiness through pictures." Speaking on bringing their daughter along, he said: "Catherine, of course, just looks like the doting mother and William, very much the proud father. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan to be pressured to 'give up' royal status by US fans Mr Sean added that the pictures also send out "a lovely message to the world" that they are "certainly not trapped". On Tuesday, the trio watched swimming, hockey, and gymnastics. Much like her younger brother at the Jubilee celebrations, Princess Charlotte pulled a range of animated expressions throughout the competition. At one point, the 7-year-old was spotted giving a thumbs up whilst watchers the swimming event. READ MORE: Kate leaves fans stunned as she ditches engagement ring for Commonwealth Games The Cambridges and Charlotte arrived shortly after the Earl and Countess of Wessex and their children, Lady Louise and James. Earlier this year, during an interview with NBC Today, Prince Harry made claims that his father and brother are "trapped" within The Firm. Speaking to Hoda Kotb, Harry said: "I was trapped, but I didn’t know I was trapped. DON'T MISS “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that." The Commonwealth Games are an international, multi-sport event featuring athletes from various nations in the Commonwealth. Like the Olympics, the Games are held every four years. READ NEXT: