Reverend Richard Coles appeared on Monday's Good Morning Britain to talk about his new Channel 4 documentary, which explores the process of grief and his experience since losing his husband, David, in 2019. During the conversation, ITV viewers noticed Richard Madeley kept talking about his experiences and turning the topic towards himself.  As host Charlotte Hawkins asked whether grief could ever be less traumatic, Richard replied: "It will always be horrible and painful and traumatic." He continued: "But there are better ways of doing it, I think. "It's surprising - it's something that happens to all of us, if you're lucky enough to share your life with someone you love and who loves you, the chances are 50/50 that you're going to be a widow or a widower. "And yet we're not very well prepared for it, and one of the things I've been interested in doing is looking at what's out there for people. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist "People do it in all kinds of different ways, there's not one thing that works for everybody." Madeley responded: "I remember I was 21 when my father died suddenly, he was only 49. "I was on honeymoon at the time, from my first marriage. "And he just came home and dropped dead, basically. "And it was an unbelievable shock. And I loved him very much, and I felt his loss incredibly keenly. "And I remember, looking back on it now, the grief was total. "I was back at work after a couple of weeks, but it was still there. "I remember actually, the way it lifted was in little jolts. Little incremental jolts. DON'T MISS... Van Der Valk's Lucienne star recalls traumatic on-set experience [LATEST]Ian Wright in Match of the Day gesture to Alan Sugar following jibe [LATEST]Hi-De-Hi icon Su Pollard blasts BBC for making comedies 'political' [INTERVIEW] "And I can still remember a summer's morning a year after he died, getting up and going to the shops and realising I hadn't thought about it for the first time in a two-hour period. "I realised then that it was getting better." Social media users were quick to complain about Richard's conducting of the interview. Twitter user @FlopsyPickle fumed: "Stop making everything about YOU Richard! "Jesus b***** Christ, you don’t have to have a personal anecdote for every single interview you do. Such a narcissistic t***. #gmb #goodmorningbritain." @MonaghanCalum penned: "He's so irritating. Found it so annoying that he decided to basically tell his own story instead." @ThatGreatDane1 echoed this, writing: "Richard Madeley is incapable of holding an interview without switching it to himself!! #GMB from Piers Morgan to Richard Madeley FFS poor show." "I'm finding Richard Madeley's chuckling quite awkward during this piece on grief #GMB," @Speedqueenie posted. Some praised Richard Coles for his words advice, with @Dolly_Darren tweeting: "Wise words from @RevRichardColes on #GMB Thank you for sharing your experience of grief. "Everyone deals with it differently. Take away comment: 'Don't let people tell you how you should feel, you feel how you feel'. I can certainly relate to that. Dx." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. 