Chelsea are weighing up the idea of proposing a swap deal to push through a move for Everton winger Anthony Gordon after seeing an initial bid rejected by the Toffees, according to reports. The Blues are understood to be keen admirers of Gordon and Thomas Tuchel is reportedly hoping to add the England youth international to his ranks before the end of the summer transfer window. Everton have already turned down an offer in the region of £40m for Gordon, who remains tied down at Goodison Park until the summer of 2025 and has been tipped to play an important role for Frank Lampard's side over the course of this season. Chelsea have not yet been deterred, though, with those in power at Stamford Bridge now exploring the possibility of a swap offer to tempt the Toffees into selling up.Chelsea may decide to include Conor Gallagher in such a proposal in order to stand a better chance of bringing Gordon to west London over the course of this summer, according to Fabrizio Romano. Gallagher has also been linked with a potential move to Newcastle, who are thought to have identified the former Crystal Palace loanee as one of their priority targets for the remaining weeks of the window.It is said that Chelsea are 'internally discussing' a new bid that would see at least one of their existing stars move to Everton in exchange for Gordon, with 'more players' also understood to be of interest to the Merseyside club. It remains to be seen whether an agreement will eventually be reached, with talks still ongoing in spite of Everton's firm stance against selling Gordon as things stand. JUST IN: Jamie Vardy’s stance as Man Utd consider signing Leicester star Everton boss Lampard is reportedly desperate to keep hold of Gordon as a result of his prominent standing at the club and his ability to influence proceedings as they look to stave off the threat of relegation between now and the end of the season. The Toffees manager has already insisted that he is not planning to sanction the 21-year-old's departure after handing him the coveted No 10 shirt back in pre-season."He has it in his own style," explained Lampard. "I’ve said to him, I don’t want him to try and think he’s doing pirouettes on the halfway line now. "We need him doing what he was doing last year plus goals plus assists which Anthony is so hungry to do. But he’s earned it absolutely and he’s a link to the crowd, a link to the fans, a local boy who gives everything, a great talent."He’s going nowhere. He’s our player and that was a hugely important thing to me, he’s the sort of player we want to build to go forward with. I’m delighted that he’s got his No 10 but now I want him to continue to earn it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here