 Antiques valuer Adam Schoon was presented with a "fantastic" stone head on Sunday's instalment of Antiques Roadshow on BBC One. The guest, who brought the artefact to the Ulster Folk Museum in Northern Ireland for the programme, revealed she found the historic item by accident when she was digging up drains. She was blown away when Adam revealed it could fetch £5,000 at auction and dated back to 1066. Asked where she got the mysterious figure from, the guest revealed she dug him up in her back garden. "I was digging up drains and I just so happened to dig down and hit stone, and I pulled him out and there he was," she explained. "Good grief," the expert replied as he was stunned by her candid admission. She cleaned the stone up after pulling it out of the ground and wondered if the item was an old garden ornament at first.  READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview She continued: "But the more I cleaned him I thought, 'No I am not sure.'" Adam was blown away by the intensity of the statue's piercing eyes which were "very reminiscent of a Celtic style". "I think to myself that here we are in Northern Ireland where the Celts existed and stone heads like this go back literally over 2,000 years," he explained. "The style of this one, I think, is third century AD." The guest was gobsmacked at how old Adam predicted the stone head was. When he asked her if she did any research on the impressive object after unearthing it, she replied: "I had a local archaeologist come to look at it and he thought it was quite old but that was as far as he got." Adam said he lived in the North of England and revealed similarly styled heads were found around Hadrian's Wall. "But the difficulty of dating this one is that we have not found it in an archaeological context, it was in your drain," he exclaimed. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell item after £1million profit [MUST SEE]Antiques Roadshow expert gobsmacked over the value of Italian pistol [LATEST]Fiona Bruce insisted she’s not a 'career monster' amid motherhood [UPDATE] The expert thought the head might have been Medieval but admitted the origin of these types of items is normally very mysterious. "We have no written evidence as to what they were for or how they were used," he admitted. "But they are often found near water because beneath the surface spirit worlds and some people think these were used to communicate with the spirits." Due to the object's straight back, Adam suggested it could have been part of a church. "He has come to us in silence and can't tell us anything but that expression is fantastic," he gushed. The expert then told his guest the item should fetch at least £3,000 to £5,000 at auction - which left her speechless. When he asked her what she thought, she smiled: "That's brilliant, yeah." Antiques Roadshow episodes can be watched on BBC iPlayer. 