Yellowstone ended on a major cliffhanger which had fans questioning the fate of their favourite characters. With much anticipation about season five, actor Kevin Costner ruled out a major change for his onscreen daughter Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly).   WARNING: This story contains spoilers Yellowstone followed the complicated lives of the Dutton family as they tried to protect the Dutton ranch which was rightfully theirs. As the ranch was the largest in the whole of America, businessmen wanted a piece to build on and earn millions. Throughout the show, the family fought against casino moguls, land developers and the Broken Rock Reservation. Although they offered patriarch John Dutton a substantial amount, he turned them down because the land had been in his family for seven generations. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist     As well as protecting what was theirs, the family was also forced to fight for their lives as they faced death threats and assassination attempts. This had a particular impact on Beth, who is John’s no-nonsense daughter. She was the only woman on the ranch for a long time and was raised alongside her brothers. Therefore she was tough, fearless and abrasive, eager to prove she could stand on her own two feet.    However, viewers saw a tender side to Beth whenever it came to her husband Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser). The pair tied the knot during the season four finale, after spending the majority of their lives together, as Rip had worked on the ranch since he was a teenager. During season three, Beth took in Carter (Finn Little), a young boy whose father died and eventually adopted him. As Beth was not able to have kids, the couple began to raise him on the ranch as one of their own. DON'T MISS...NCIS fans in meltdown as star confirms Ducky's season 20 return [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 theory: Double exit for Laramie and Walker [THEORY]Jamie Dutton: Why was Jamie adopted by the Duttons on Yellowstone? [INSIGHT]    During an interview with extratv, actor Kevin Costner was asked if marriage and motherhood would change Beth in season five. He responded to the suggestion: “I don’t think she can hold herself back. “I think she has instincts but I think that the blood runs really hot with her.” This will be good news for viewers who are eager to find out what vengeance she will take on her adoptive brother Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley).     Throughout the show, Beth and Jamie have constantly been at each other’s throats. It was revealed that Jamie was the reason Beth could no longer have children after he was behind her botched abortion. As a teenager Beth fell pregnant and trusted Jamie to take her to a clinic where she could have a termination, however, he agreed to her being sterilised without her consent. Fans saw Beth finally get revenge when she snapped a photo of Jamie disposing of the dead body of his biological father whom he was forced to kill. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on Paramount Network on Sunday, November 13   