Liverpool are not interested in signing Sporting ace Matheus Nunes despite rumours of a £42million bid, according to reports. The midfielder has been tipped to make a mega-money move to the Premier League this summer following a stellar campaign in Portugal. The Reds were dealt a huge blow at the weekend as their influential midfielder Thiago was forced off with an injury during their 2-2 draw with Fulham. And manager Jurgen Klopp could be short of options in the centre of the pitch as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Curtis Jones are already sidelined. But that doesn’t mean he will make a move for Nunes. When Liverpool’s links to Nunes were reported last month, the club were apparently uninterested in a deal. And, according to The Athletic, that is still the case now. Nunes moved to Sporting from Estoril Praia three-and-a-half years ago and has gone on to bag seven goals and nine assists in 100 appearances for the club. The 23-year-old was in imperious form throughout the last campaign and helped his side secure a second-place Primeira Liga finish. JUST IN: Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 stars    He started 31 of his team’s 34 league matches and also played a key role as Sporting reached the last 16 of the Champions League, before being knocked out by Manchester City. And he was rewarded for his rise to prominence by being handed eight caps for Portugal. According to Portuguese publication Correio da Manha, Liverpool are preparing a £42m bid for Nunes. But a move to Anfield appears to be out of the question if the Reds have no intent on landing him.  Liverpool enjoyed a stellar campaign last time around as they lifted the FA Cup and the Carabao Cup trophies. But they missed out on more illustrious silverware as they were defeated by Real Madrid in the Champions League final after finishing second to Pep Guardiola’s City in the Premier League. Klopp has welcomed three new faces to the club this summer after signing striker Darwin Nunez, winger Fabio Carvalho and right-back Calvin Ramsay. But he lost key winger Sadio Mane, who opted to move to Bayern Munich. And if Saturday’s performance against the Cottagers is anything to go by, the German could be in for a frustrating season if he doesn’t bolster his team further before the transfer window slams shut at the start of next month. Wolves are said to be circling around Nunes, with the Black Country side looking to land a new midfielder. And if Liverpool don’t have concrete interest in the player, Bruno Lage’s side could well get their hands on him. 