Since February 24, when Vladimir Putin announced a “special military operation” in Ukraine, small pockets of Russian protestors have hit back against the war. In the latest fightback against Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, police are now investigating “hooliganism” after a pro-war symbol was defaced. In Izhevsk, the capital city of western Russia’s Udmurt Republic, a pro-war Z display was defaced with the word “fascists”. The letter Z has been painted on military vehicles of the Russian Armed Forces involved in the war in Ukraine, and has become a symbol used in Russian propaganda. On March 25, Russian journalist Izabella Yevloyeva was charged under Russia's "false information" law after sharing a post on social media that described the "Z" symbol as being "synonymous with aggression, death, pain and shameless manipulation". Since February 24, when Vladimir Putin announced a “special military operation” in Ukraine, small pockets of Russian protestors have hit back against the war. In the latest fightback against Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, police are now investigating “hooliganism” after a pro-war symbol was defaced. According to Sky, since February 24, almost 200 people face criminal charges for anti-war protests including online expressions of dissent. It also reported 3,300 administrative cases have been filed for discrediting the Russian armed forces. The day of the invasion was announced, the Investigative Committee of Russia issued a warning to Russians that they would face legal repercussions for joining unsanctioned protests related to "the tense foreign political situation". That evening, thousands took to the streets in cities across Russia to protest the war, with the largest demonstrations were in Moscow, where 2,000 protesters gathered near Pushkinskaya Square, and Saint Petersburg, where up to 1,000 protesters gathered. By the evening, according to the OVD-Info monitor, there had been 1,820 arrests in 58 cities, of which 1,002 were carried out in Moscow. It comes as Marina Ovsyannikova, former editor of the state-run Channel One network who denounced Moscow’s war on Ukraine during a live TV broadcast, faces criminal charges. Dmitry Zakhvatov, a lawyer for human rights organization OVD-Info, said Russia’s security services raided her home on Wednesday. He later said that she faced a criminal investigation relating to charges of disseminating false information about the Russian army, under a new law adopted by the Kremlin after the war in Ukraine began. He added that the maximum punishment foreseen in the criminal code is a jail term of 10 years. The charges are related to a picket the former editor held near the Kremlin in mid-July, where she held a poster saying “Putin is a murderer” and “his soldiers are fascists”. DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: 'Relations will get worse' European Union fears eruptUK storm: 'Danger to life' as Brits to be lashed by 3 days of rainQueen leads tributes for Anne as Firm shares candid snap on birthday It also comes as Putin said Moscow valued its ties with countries in Latin American, Asia and Africa and was ready to offer modern weapons to its allies. Putin used a speech at an arms show near Moscow to boast of Russia’s advanced weapons capabilities, and said: “(We) are ready to offer our allies the most modern types of weapons, from small arms to armoured vehicles and artillery to combat aviation and unmanned aerial vehicles. “Almost all of them have been used more than once in real combat operations.” The Russian president’s comments come just a day after he offered to expand relations with North Korea. Russia’s foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said in a statement Russia will do “everything necessary” to allow specialists from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to visit the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in southern Ukraine. Ms Zakharova said: “In close cooperation with the Agency and its leadership, we will do everything necessary for the IAEA specialists to be at the station and give a truthful assessment of the destructive actions of the Ukrainian side.” The Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, the biggest in Europe, was captured by Russia and has since been the source of intense fighting between the two sides. Both Moscow and Kyiv have accused each other of risking a nuclear accident. The head of the IAEA Rafael Mariano Grossi previously described the situation as “completely out of control” and suggested a mission to the plant.