Nick Kyrgios has progressed to the second round of the US Open after beating Thanasi Kokkinakis, setting up a second round clash with Frenchman Benjamin Bonzi. The Australian described his win this week as "the most uncomfortable match" in his career due to the close friendship he shares with his first round opponent. He added: "When we both saw the draw, it was a nightmare, honestly. I feel like there's probably two players - two or three players - that after tennis I'm probably going to stay in contact with till I probably die, to be honest. "Thanasi is one of them. It's just really hard. [Trying to block out my opponent] kind of helped me." Kyrgios is adored by many fans for his flair on the court, but others are not so fond of his temper. On numerous occasions over the years, he has clashed with opponents, umpires and even spectators. This was on display on a number of occasions at Wimbledon, including Kyrgios' match with Stefanos Tsitsipas. Tsitsipas angered Kyrgios when he tried to hit him with the ball, and Kyrgios as a result launched a furious tirade at the umpire to try and get his opponent disqualified. Pat Cash, a fellow Australian and legend of tennis, criticised his compatriot at the time in a discussion with John McEnroe. Speaking on the BBC, he said: "He's brought tennis to the lowest level I can see as far as gamesmanship, cheating, manipulation, abuse, aggressive behaviour to umpires, to linesmen. "He was lucky to even get through the first set. He should have been defaulted in the first set. "Something's got to be done about it. It's just an absolute circus. "Is it entertaining? Yeah, possibly. It's gone to the absolute limit now." READ MORE: Novak Djokovic issued 'circumstance' warning after US Open ban  Conversely, while commentating for ESPN, McEnroe said of Kyrgios: "It's embarrassing. He doesn't need to do all this. "It's scary how good he is. That's what's sad in a way." McEnroe knows a thing or two about arguing with umpires. His famous 1981 Wimbledon outburst continues to be recalled more than 40 years after it happened. A month after his criticism of Kyrgios, McEnroe spoke to The Guardian and discussed the Australian's behaviour. He admitted that watching Kyrgios made him question his own behaviour when he was a player, and said: “Every time I watch Nick and he pulls some stunt, I think: ‘Did I do that? Was I that bad?’ It definitely brings back those types of memories and feelings." DON'T MISSWilliams explains 'hard decision' to retire in emotional US Open win [INSIGHT]Novak Djokovic issued 'circumstance' warning after US Open ban [ANALYSIS]Murray outlines reasons for US Open success after tough conditions [INSIGHT] He added: “I think he’s [Kyrgios] just trying to deal with his nerves and that fear of failure that we all have. "His way of dealing with it is obviously different from others. What happens unfortunately, when you’re wound up and freaking out, is you take it out on someone closest to you. “The irony of it is he’s taking it out on the people that love him the most in the players’ box. So, that’s tough to watch.” This week, Kyrgios spoke candidly about the mental health struggles he has faced at times in an interview with Sheinelle Jones and Dylan Dreyer. He said: "I actually struggled early with mental health and there were times in my tennis career where I was really struggling. "I wasn't sure if I was okay to feel that way. I deal with messages every day with people who are reaching out and I try to respond to as many people as I can. "I think men around my age really struggle to open up. Can't feel weak... [Naomi Osaka] helped me a lot with that."