Dr Michael Mosley is famed for his rapid weight loss diets such as the 5:2 and Fast 800 methods that have gained lots of loyal followers who have had success with shedding the pounds. He regularly appears on This Morning and other TV shows worldwide to offer his latest weight loss tips that can help slimmers shed weight quickly and safely. And for people in this position, he wanted them to know which fruit they should be eating if they want to achieve rapid weight loss results, and which they should avoid. But when it came down to one fruit in particular, there are both pros and cons. Bananas are very nutritious as they contain a multitude of beneficial plant compounds, vitamins and minerals, such as fibre, potassium, vitamin C, vitamin B6. According to Healthline, these nutrients may have a number of health benefits, such as for digestive and heart health, but the daily guideline limit for banana consumption is one or two a day. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake They are also rich in healthy fibres that help curb appetite and make the body burn fat. But there has been some discussion as to whether it's a fruit someone looking to lose weight should be eating a lot of due to them being both high in calories and occasionally, sugar. Back in 2017, Dr Michael spoke about eating bananas and why they aren’t as healthy as you may think, urging users to "go easy" on them. He explained: "If you are young and slim you can get away with eating sugary fruits. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "You can’t particularly consume lots of mangoes or bananas if you are looking to lose weight." But he revealed there are some weight loss benefits to eating the fruit, too. "A banana has the equivalent of about three teaspoons of sugar, but also has three grams of fibre, he wrote on Twitter. "If you eat the skin - even more fibre." Australian dietician Susie Bowell, has advocated for eating banana peels, claiming they can be an "easy way" to lose weight and if consumed regularly. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim She stated that they can provide ample nourishment, specifically to trim down a person's waistline. WebMD also noted that banana peels are packed with polyphenols, carotenoids, and other antioxidants that fight cancer-causing free radicals in the body. Eating more banana peels, especially green, unripe peels, can increase your antioxidant levels and help reduce the risk of cancer. Dr Mosley also recommended swapping "super sweet" fruits for alternatives. "What you eat has a profound effect on your mental health, and therefore on your energy levels," he continued to tell sbs.com. "Once you've started the virtuous circle, then all the other things become much easier. "Fruit is great if you’re healthy but if you have weight to lose, then switching to less sugary fruits like apples and berries might be wise." Dr Mosley also advised fruits like mangoes are quite high in natural sugars in comparison to other fruits like grapes, raspberries or avocado. "One average-sized mango contains 45 grams of sugar," he explained. "To put that in comparison with other fruits, one cup of grapes has 23 grams, a cup of raspberries has five grams, while a whole avocado contains 1.33 grams of sugar."