Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp's sudden midfield transfer declaration has prompted links to a stunning swoop for Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong. And with the Reds potentially joining Chelsea and Manchester United in the frame, reports in Spain have now ironed out the situation. On Friday, despite previously insisting he would work with the midfielders at his disposal, Klopp admitted he has performed a U-turn and is now searching for reinforcements. The German boss joked the media were right and he was wrong before claiming Liverpool are looking for the right fit before the September 1 deadline. He said: "That changed, of course. I know we have had this discussion since it all started, and I am the one who said we don't need a midfielder, and you were all right, and I was wrong. That's the situation. There is really nothing more to say about it. We are looking for it, and if it is the right player, we need him, and if it is not the right player, we don't need him." Simultaneously, English murmurs suggested Liverpool were in for De Jong as Klopp's solution and had submitted a £59million bid. However, Mundo Deportivo have since poured cold water on those claims, sharing their own information in Saturday's edition. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo gives BT Sport presenter Jamie Carragher treatment  The report states that there has been no offer from Liverpool and that Barcelona hadn't 'recorded' the Merseyside giants' rumoured proposal because no contact has been made. And Sport claim De Jong has now given the green light for his agent to listen to the club's attempts to lower his salary to balance the books. The 25-year-old midfielder has been pursued by United all summer, with John Murtough and Richard Arnold even agreeing a £72m deal with Barcelona. However, despite Chelsea also entering the race late on, De Jong has maintained his desire to remain at the Nou Camp and now seems willing to bow to Barca's demands. READ MORE: Man Utd icon Paul Scholes leaves Rio Ferdinand in stitches with remark  Klopp's change of heart comes as no surprise amid Liverpool's torrid start to the season, picking up just two points from the first nine available. Thiago Alcantara, Naby Keita, Curtis Jones and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are currently sidelined as part of an early-campaign injury crisis at Anfield. While De Jong must be deemed an unlikely option in the current circumstances, it now seems Liverpool will acquire a new midfielder in the coming days. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here