 Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle will return to the UK in September for their first visit since the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are set to stop off in Manchester and London, and later travel to Germany for an Invictus Games event during their whirlwind trip across the pond. A spokesperson for the couple said Harry and Meghan were "delighted" to attend the charity events "close to their hearts".  However, ahead of their surprise visit, the Duke and Duchess have been issued a stern warning. Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield told this week’s episode of the To Di For Daily podcast that the Duke and Duchess are heading “back into the danger zone” by visiting the UK, questioning why they keep returning to a place where their popularity is plummeting. She said: “I’m surprised…It’s like they keep going back into the danger zone. “Why go over to the UK where your reputation is taking a hit right now? Why not continue to grow your US reputation and take advantage of the fact that not a lot of people have that information about you here.”  Ms Schofield was joined by Christopher Anderson, author of ‘The Day Diana Died’, who added: “It’s going to be an interesting watch because I don’t think it’s going to get a warm and fuzzy [welcome]. “She [Meghan] is very, very popular here [in the US] and as you know, not so much in England. “As a matter of fact, she’s wildly unpopular in England and is dragging Harry’s popularity down.” Mr Anderson continued: “I agree [with you], I think store up all the goodwill while you can because other things are coming down the pipe and it does that work way — you have to really take advantage of the positive vibes that are out there now. “And I think you can get hit by not doing that.”  Meghan and Harry’s return will come three months after they returned for Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. While their visit had been highly anticipated by royal watchers and commentators, the Duke and Duchess did not receive the warmest of welcomes during the four-day event. Arriving at St Paul’s Cathedral for the national service of thanksgiving, the couple were greeted with boos from some well-wishers who had lined up to get a glimpse of the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess did receive a mixed reaction, with both cheers and boos heard coming from the thousands of royal fans.  Tom Sykes, the Daily Beast’s royal correspondent, claimed it was “hard to distinguish exactly what proportion of the crowd noise was negative, boos and catcalls were still clearly audible on TV news coverage — over other crowd members forcefully cheering.” Writing for the publication, he said: “Although pro-Sussex social media accounts tried to emphasise the positive reactions they received, it is extremely unusual for members of the Royal Family to be publicly booed by such a considerable section of a crowd.” It is for this reason that some royal commentators are shocked about Meghan and Harry’s upcoming UK visit. Hosts of the podcast Royally Us, Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross, expressed their surprise on last week’s episode of the podcast. The pair, who are fans of the Sussexes, assumed the couple would not return "for a long, long time" after they were booed during their Jubilee visit. DON'T MISS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] Ms Garibaldi, a correspondent for US Weekly, said: "They are definitely heading back to the UK sooner than we thought." Ms Ross, a royal expert, responded: "I thought we wouldn't see them for a long time after their experience during the Jubilee. "But I think these events are really well suited towards the work they are trying to do and the work they are always trying to do. "Especially Prince Harry — these are causes really close to his heart. DON'TS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS]  "So I think it just worked out really well that all these events were in the same week." Ms Garibaldi added: "We don't know whether a visit to the Royal Family is on the schedule. "They have a couple of weeks to figure that out. Maybe a pop-in, we will see.” It is believed Meghan and Harry will stay at their former royal residence, Frogmore Cottage, during their stay. This would put them just a short distance away from both the Queen and the Cambridges — Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge — who will have already moved into their new home, Adelaide Cottage.  While it is unknown whether the Sussexes plan to visit their royal relatives during their visit, some royal experts and commentators have speculated about the potential of a reunion. Last week, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams told Newsweek a family reunion during the visit would be "unlikely, but one can never second guess Harry and Meghan". And Phil Dampier, author of ‘Royally Suited: Harry and Meghan in Their Own Words’, suggested the couple might "pop in for a chat" with the Queen if she requests a meeting. It is understood that Her Majesty has a particularly busy schedule at the time of her grandson’s visit. However, another royal author, Duncan Larcombe, warned the couple could feel the Queen's "wrath" by ignoring the rules — laid out at the time of their exit from the Firm — during their upcoming trip to the UK.  He told The Daily Beast last week: “To the casual observer, especially overseas and even more especially in America, this will look like Harry and Meghan are back doing royal jobs, especially given that one of the gigs Harry is doing is the WellChild awards for sick children, which he always used to do when he actually was a working royal. “It will be incredibly high-profile.” He went on: “They will be all over the media, and you won’t be able to put a cigarette paper between what Harry and Meghan are doing and what Will and Kate are doing. It’s a calculated provocation on their part. "They are seriously pushing their luck and risking the wrath of the Queen.”