Making the case for the UK on the international stage is a brilliant job and an easy one to boot. There is a lot of good to shout about. We have a proud history of international trade and commerce, spreading wealth through free trade around the world. We lead the world in multiple sectors, not least the financial services and science and research sectors that underpin the growth and innovation drive the world’s economy. And our language and culture make us a leading soft power, spreading our values to each corner of the world. Shouting about what we are good at is not something that comes naturally to us as Brits. We often prefer to be self-deprecating, and too often when we are proud of our nation there is a loud left-wing establishment culture that seeks to shut us down. But there is nothing wrong with being patriotic, nothing wrong with believing in Britain, and much more cause for optimism than these doom mongers would have you believe. Liz Truss knows this, not only as my predecessor in the Trade Department but from her role at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office. She has stood up for the values that our country represents - democracy, freedom, self-determination and tolerance. She understands better than most the role that our nation has played, and continues to play, in defending these values around the world. Her vision for our country is founded on the knowledge that Britain is a great country, and it is a fundamentally optimistic one. Liz believes that Britain’s best days are ahead of us and better yet, she has a plan to realise them. It may not seem this way at the moment as hard working families are being stretched thinner and thinner by rising bills and the highest tax burden in 70 years. But that is just why I am backing Liz for our next Prime Minister, because she has just the bold and optimistic plan we need to get our economy back on track. She knows that with the right approach we can unleash our excellent private sector to deliver the growth and prosperity that we need. This cannot be an approach based on Brownite economics of taxing more and spending from Whitehall. Instead Liz will cut taxes, cut regulation, and push ahead with key supply side reforms that will unshackle our businesses to allow them to grow, invest, raise wages and hire more people. Liz’s policies to cut National Insurance and call a moratorium on the green levy on consumers’ bills will be an immediate boost to hard pressed families, cutting their bills and taxes today, not tomorrow. It will also be a fantastic step in the direction of a Brighter future for Britain - sending the signal that we are open to business, that you won’t be punished for being enterprising, starting or expanding your company and providing jobs. Liz’s plan demonstrates her optimistic, confident vision for our country - one that is on the side of hard working people, people who start their own companies, who go to work every day. Her plan gets the government out of the way to let the wealth creators do what they do best, driving our economy and making the most of Britain’s potential. Her values are conservative ones and British ones. She knows that people spend their money better than the government. She believes in the good that Britain has done and has herself been part of the important role we play on the world stage. She believes in freedom, in democracy and fairness, and in supporting people who want to get on in life. She is proud of our country and I trust her to deliver for it and all of its people.