According to the charity the British Heart Foundation (BHF), the heat can have an adverse effect on the heart. This is because the body will be working harder to maintain a “normal” core temperature level, putting extra strain on the organs. “This means that you can be at greater risk if you have a heart condition,” it explains. People living with angina are among those who could be affected. Angina is chest pain, which occurs when there is reduced blood flow to the heart muscles. Although it’s not usually a fatal condition, it is an indicator that you are vulnerable to a heart attack or stroke. Many sufferers of angina will use a type of medicine called glyceryl trinitrate, or GTN, to treat it.  READ MORE: B12 deficiency: The smelly symptom that can signal low levels – seen ‘for the first time’ The NHS says: “It can help stop chest pain if an angina attack has already started. “It can also help to prevent them from starting.” However, those who use GTN should take “extra care” in the heat. “If you use a GTN spray to control your angina you should take extra care in hot weather,” the BHF says.  “GTN spray can dilate your blood vessels quickly, which causes your blood pressure to suddenly drop and you may feel faint.” High temperatures can also be dangerous if you have heart failure - meaning your heart doesn't pump blood around your body as well as it should The BHF adds: “If you’ve been told to restrict your fluid intake, speak to your GP about other ways to keep cool during summer. “If you take water tablets and are dizzy or light headed let your doctor know.  READ MORE: Visceral fat: Sign you could have too much - simple way you can measure your level at home “Your medication can then be reviewed or adapted as necessary.” To look after your heart in the heat the BHF says drinking plenty of fluids will “stop your blood pressure from dropping too much”. It also recommends you:  Symptoms of heat stroke include: If you suspect that you or someone else has heat stroke, get medical attention immediately. 