Liverpool star Jordan Henderson has hinted that he expects Tottenham to be involved in this season’s Premier League title race after admitting the north London giants will be stronger than they were last time around. Spurs have been one of the form teams in the top-flight since they appointed Antonio Conte as their boss at the start of last November, with the Lilywhites securing a top-four finish on the final day of the last campaign when they thrashed Norwich 5-0.  “At the start of every season you look at other teams around improving, bringing new players in, new managers in,” Henderson told talkSPORT. “You might get a team you think might not be in the top three, top four, top five but actually have a really good season and are in there. So anything can happen. “If I look at Spurs, who qualified for the Champions League, Antonio Conte has done a good job since he’s gone in and has brought some really good players in. They’ll be stronger again.” Three months after arriving in north London, Conte bolstered his team with the double signing of Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur from Juventus. And the Italian has delved back into the transfer market this summer to bring in Richarlison, Yves Bissouma, Ivan Perisic, Djed Spence, Clement Lenglet and Fraser Forster. MUST READ: Barcelona boss Xavi drops Aubameyang transfer hint    And Tottenham began their new campaign by thrashing Southampton 4-1 last Saturday. Ryan Sessegnon, Eric Dier and Kulusevski all got their names on the scoresheet, with Saints defender Mohammed Salisu turning the ball into the back of his own net for Spurs’ third goal. So Conte will have high hopes for his team throughout the campaign as the Lilywhites go in search of their first trophy since they won the League Cup in 2008. DON'T MISS Tottenham boss Antonio Conte sends warning over 'foolish' transfers West Ham fail to hijack deal for Chelsea and Liverpool transfer target Arsenal boss Arteta sends Aubameyang message over Chelsea rumours     Meanwhile, Henderson has also acknowledged the threat Manchester United, Chelsea and Arsenal will possess this time around following their busy summers on and off the pitch but says his team shouldn’t be focusing on their rivals. “United have brought a new manager in, who started well in pre-season and brought some good players in, looking good as well,” the midfielder added. “So have Chelsea, the same, brought really good players in. Arsenal look as though they’re flying in pre-season. So you never know what’s going to happen. All the teams around will improve, so it’s about us and what we do - keep improving, keep demanding from ourselves and wanting to perform at the highest level. And that’s all we can control.” 