The DI Jimmy Perez actor recently broke fans' hearts when it was announced he'd be leaving his iconic role on Shetland. The next series will see his departure from the BBC crime drama series, but why did the 56 -year-old decide to step down from the series? The Scottish star explained in an interview how the decision came about. Shetland has gripped fans since 2013, but the upcoming seventh series will be Douglas' last. When asked why he quit the show, he explained: "I had a conversation with David Kane asking how many series we had left in us. "We thought if we could get two more series, we could probably wrap up Perez’s story and wrap up the show in a way that was satisfactory for both us and the audience." When asked if it was a difficult decision, the actor admitted it had been. READ MORE: 'Unbeatable' Matt Baker loses it as England win gymnastics gold "But it was preferable to being told that we were not going to do it anymore because it had run its course," he explained. Speaking to Radio Times, he continued: "Nor did I want to keep coming back and taking the pay cheque. "I feel very comfortable with the decision I made." On whether he would miss the character of Jimmy, Douglas replied: "Absolutely. I like him a lot." Series seven will see the return of regular cast members Alison O’Donnell (DS Alison `Tosh' McIntosh), Steven Robertson (Sandy Wilson), Mark Bonnar (Duncan Hunter) and Anne Kidd (Cora McLean). Fans will also get to see Lewis Howden (Sgt Billy McCabe), Erin Armstrong (Cassie Perez), Angus Miller (Donnie) and Anneika Rose (Maggie Kean) make a comeback. Season six came to an explosive end after viewers finally found out who was behind the murder of Alex Galbraith. Fans also discovered what had really happened to Marie-Ann Ross. DON'T MISS... Escape to the Chateau project 'causing problems' for Angel Adoree [LATEST]'Hate it!' A Place in the Sun guest leaves Laura Hamilton gobsmacked [VIDEO]Neighbours smashes audience record with final episode [LATEST] The detective uncovered Marie had died from a drug overdose after Alex had given her the substances. After she died he then buried her body with the help of Niven Guthrie. Struggling with the guilt, he finally confessed to what had happened 20 years ago before his wife fatally shot him to save her own political career. Fans will be eager to find out how Jimmy will make a departure from the series. With Douglas starring in the series since it began almost a decade ago, the series will certainly be different without him. Viewers won't have long to wait though, with new instalments set to land this month. Shetland series 7 begins in August 2022 on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.