Emma Raducanu lost to world number 40 Alize Cornet in the 2022 US Open earlier this week a year on from winning the title at Flushing Meadows. The defeat means she will drop 2,030 points and drop to number 84 in the world rankings. The criticism surrounding her loss was debated on Wednesday's instalment of BBC Breakfast, with retired UK tennis player Jo Durie defending Raducanu. Sports correspondent Chetan Pathak began: "To the main criticism Emma Raducanu faces - you only have to go on Twitter this morning to see it - the sponsorship deals and the chopping and changing of coaches. "On those two key criticisms, what's your take?" Durie defended the tennis star, telling BBC Breakfast viewers the sponsorship deals she's secured were deserved as she is a great player. "She's a Grand Slam champion and not many tennis players can say that," she added. READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry "Not many tennis players can say that," Durie continued. "But with that comes a bit of a burden as you have to give yourself to the sponsors." However, she added: "I wouldn't mind having that kind of money as she's gone from having nothing to millions, I mean her life has changed so radically in the past year." The tennis ace explained she is now "ranked 80th in the world" and thought this was not a bad position to be in for a 19-year-old woman. "I just think we have to get over the fact she is also a Grand Slam champion and she is still finding her feet," Durie added.   "Now she's played a whole year, she has played a lot of these tournaments and a lot of different players. "Players know how she plays and they have got used to her and now she just has to build again. "As she said, 'It's a clean slate' and now she is ranked 80th in the world and she's got another year where she can build on her tennis." Following her defeat, Raducanu said: "Obviously it's really disappointing, I'm really sad to leave here. It's probably my favourite tournament.  DON'T MISS...Emma Raducanu snubs Wimbledon in naming her 'favourite tournament' [LATEST]Emma Raducanu labelled 'not great' as Mats Wilander offers advice [UPDATE]'Sorry guys' Raducanu's US Open conqueror Cornet apologises for win [SPORT]  "But also in a way, I'm happy because it's a clean slate. I'm going to drop down the rankings. Climb my way back up. The target will be off my back slightly." She said she has been doing some really good work over the past six weeks and was looking forward to the next chapter. "With perspective, actually as a 19-year-old, I've had not a bad year," she added. "To be top 100, if you told me that a year ago, I'd take it." During the US Open match, Raducanu had an overall tally of 31 unforced errors illustrating her current position.  Raducanu called for a physiotherapist at the end of the set as she needed treatment for blisters on her hand. "I've been getting some blisters throughout the States, but I think that's just down to humidity," Raducanu said. "You tape it up and move on it. It's a blister. Not much you can do about it." BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am. 