Kate Garraway, 55, recently opened up about her husband Derek Draper's health woes after the former lobbyist, 54, was rushed to hospital last month as he suffered a kidney infection that developed into sepsis, with Derek fighting "for his life" in intensive care. The presenter took to Instagram on Friday and shared she would be taking a short break from Good Morning Britain. It comes after the ITV favourite shared a candid photo of a "supermoon", otherwise known as the Sturgeon moon, saying it was "strangely moving" as she took some time out with her family in North Wales. The stunning image showed the moon setting over the water, as she penned a heartfelt message, in view of her 1.1 million followers, writing: "'That’s no moon … it’s a space station.' "Am sure you are all seeing the #supermoon - sturgeon super moon I am told - strangely moving isn’t it & I am lucky enough to have a prime spot to watch it shining on the gorgeous waters of the north wales coast #nofilters #starwars." In another post, Kate shared a clip of her pre-recorded show Garraway's Good Stuff, and told fans she would be taking a break from her regular work duties to spend time with her loved ones. READ MORE: Sophia Loren stunned in rare insight of royal encounter with the Queen She wrote: "Taking some family time out from @gmb & @smoothradio this week but so wonderful to be back with my #garrawaysgoodstuff family tomorrow 8.30 am @itv. "It’s a particularly great one tomorrow - grab yourself some #feelgood vibes with me!!" Social media users inundated the comment section, as Lisa Palmer wrote: "We love you on our screens Kate you have the most infectious personality. I hope you get some rest." Nevitt Kelly remarked: "Family time is well deserved, missed you on GMB, enjoy the time with your gorgeous family." Lovell and Lolly added: "Hope all is well now at home. Hope you have a lovely week with your family." Earlier this month, Kate returned to GMB after taking time off when the health of Derek - who has suffered a string of medical issues since contracting Covid in 2020 - declined. The mum-of-two opened up about her other half's recent health scare as she revealed Derek had developed a kidney infection that developed dangerous complications. The former lobbyist had contracted sepsis and was at risk of losing one of his kidneys, but he has now been moved out of intensive care. DON'T MISS... Denise Dowse dead: Beverly Hills 90210 star dies at 64[LATEST]Joan Collins, 89, looks a fraction of her age as she dances in bikini[PICTURES]Rachel Riley's tearful row with husband Pasha amid 'horrible abuse'[ADMISSION] Speaking on the ITV show, Kate explained that Derek had been in and out of hospital since his recent ordeal. She said: "I got a phone call from the person who was looking after him saying, "Right, we're really worried". I whizzed home and it just sort of went boom from there. "We called an ambulance, went to A and E, where they said he had very severe sepsis, life-threatening sepsis. So it was really dramatic." After praising the efforts of medical staff, Kate explained they needed to quickly find the source of infection and get Derek onto the right antibiotics. She continued: "His blood pressure was so low. A really junior doctor said, 'What did you think it might be?' He knew it wasn't Covid-19 because we tested before we left the hospital on the Thursday. "I said, 'Well I did wonder if it was a urine infection, but weirdly we couldn't get anything for a sample.' And they just went, 'Kidneys'." "Unfortunately, his kidneys were really badly infected, blocked. The challenge now is to save them. So that's where we've been for the last three weeks." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6am.