The BBC presenter was revealed as the 15th and final contestant to compete in this year’s Strictly Come Dancing line-up. However, her co-host Martin Hughes-Games has told the show’s bosses to prepare for Helen’s “wild side” live on air.  The 39-year-old will be taking to the dance floor later on this year to try and win the infamous Glitterball Trophy. Although according to her friend and co-presenter Martin, bosses of the BBC show could be in for more than they bargained for. Martin revealed that the mum-of-three has had to be reined in in the past due to her saying some “naughty things” on set. He shared that when they both hosted a week-long stint of live shows on Channel 5 last month, Helen had to have her own special editor.    "Helen’s a bit dodgy to work with. She’s a safe pair of hands but has to be reined in a bit because she has a tendency to be a bit wild,” Martin admitted to the Sun. "We have someone from Channel 5 compliance, on set in South Yorkshire, who tells her that she mustn’t say too many naughty things. “Although of course there’s always the chance that she might." Viewers saw a glimpse of Helen’s cheekier side during their time together on Cannon Farm earlier this year.   Helen made a crude joke about “tossing cheese” which resulted in Martin telling her to be professional. Ahead of her upcoming appearance on the BBC show, the presenter admitted she can’t dance and feels sick when she hears the Strictly theme tune. She said: “I just wanted to wear nice dresses. I work on farms. I watch cows give birth and stand in wellies." “I can't decide whether it's the best or worst thing I have ever agreed to. And I haven't even started yet.”  Last week, the entire Strictly line-up was revealed with Helen being the final name added to the list of stars preparing to compete. Some of the names include singer Matt Goss, Ellie Taylor, Tyler West and Jayde Adams. Viewers will also see ITV’s Kaye Adams, Kym Marsh, Ellie Simmonds and BBC Radio 2’s Richie Anderson have also been announced. The final names added to the line-up include EastEnders star James Bye, singer-songwriter Fleur East and Animal Park presenter Hamza Yassin.   Strictly 2022 will see four new professional dancers join the team after it was revealed Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec won’t be making a return. Instead, viewers will be welcoming  Vito Coppola, Carlos Gu, Lauren Oakley and Michelle Tsiakka to the dancefloor. Ahead of her debut appearance, Lauren said: “I’ve grown up watching Strictly, always hoping that one day I could be part of the best show on television, doing what I love the most. “Now that it’s happening, it doesn’t quite seem real. I can’t wait to start this new sequined adventure and join this incredible family.” Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One next month.  