Actor Martin Henderson has found a new legion of fans after he landed the role of Jack Sheridan in Virgin River. Audiences avidly follow every twist and turn in his romance with Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge). Fans are also eager for more intel about the star away from his day job. Martin was born on October 8, 1974, in Auckland, New Zealand and started acting from the tender age of 13. He decided to pursue acting instead of going to university with the actor landing a role in the New Zealand soap Shortland Street, where he stayed for three years. He went on to feature in Australian TV shows and films such as Home and Away and Echo point. The star then decided to make the big move to America in 1997, training at the Neighborhood Playhouse in New York City. READ MORE: Martin Henderson: Is the Virgin River star in a relationship? From there, the star made the move to Tinsel Town, saying: "LA has been my base for 17 years, but the majority of my work has been anywhere but here.” He went on tell Stuff back in 2017: "To have a job where I can come home, see my dog, I can stop off at my girlfriend's on the way home after work - I've never had that and that feels like the jackpot, for sure. It's like normal life for a bit." Martin briefly returned to New Zealand and Australia in 2008 following the death of his friend Heath Ledger, before going back to the US, according to the publication. He said how in New Zealand most people recognised him for his role in Shortland Street rather than any other part in his career. Despite relocating to America, the star has retained his Kiwi accent and it appears he often returns to home country. Martin has posted shots on his Instagram account of beautiful panoramas of his home nation, including one of a beach and palm tree, saying: “I grew up here…..” In another picture of mountains and the sea in April, Martin wrote: “From New Zealand with love. Happy Easter Stay Kind.” He was staying in Auckland prior to heading to Vancouver, Canada to film season five of Virgin River. The star posted a black-and-white selfie with his million followers, captioning the image: “Had the most amazing stay at @parkhyattauckland thanks to Brett and all his wonderful staff. “Made all the more memorable by having the mighty @allblacks all around during the lead up to their beautiful win against the @irishrugby last night. “Such a nice way to leave New Zealand shores to begin work on Season 5 of @virginriverseries - can’t wait for you all to enjoy season 4 which drops in @netflix July 20th!” He was reportedly staying on Great Barrier Island over the summer and was apparently spotted at Oruawharo Bay, according to the New Zealand Herald. Along with starring in Virgin River, Martin has also appeared in The Gloaming, My Life Is Murder, The Red Road, and Grey’s Anatomy. He has also appeared in the films X, Hellbent, Juveniles, The Strangers: Prey at Night, Bride and Prejudice, and Little Fish. DON'T MISS...Who is Vince in Virgin River? [EXPLAINER]Who is Stacie in Virgin River? [INSIGHT]Is Denny really Doc’s grandson in Virgin River? [ANALYSIS] Martin has now returned to filming on season five of Virgin River after Netflix previously renewed the hit drama. He has also been keeping his fans up to date with his life, sharing a video of what he does when he’s not filming including some footage waterskiing. The star captioned the video: “This is what a Sunday in #virginriver country looks like. So grateful that this is our backyard while we film in Vancouver. “I’m only a beginner but I’m gonna get good at this sport - I love that it offers such an opportunity to find grace and power at the same time! Hope y’all had a great weekend and hopefully you got to feel the beauty and healing power of nature too! Back to set tomorrow to get season 5 to you soon(ish)! #getoutside #keepmoving #natureheals #nevertoooldtolearn #trysomethingnew.” Virgin River season 4 is streaming on Netflix now