Emma Raducanu has made a surprise appearance in the doubles draw at next week's Western & Southern Open, and has partnered none other than recent Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina. The world No 10 already has her work cut out for her in Cincinnati after drawing Serena Williams in the first round of the singles competition. Raducanu will well and truly be learning from the best next week in Cincinnati after entering the doubles draw alongside the tour's most recent Grand Slam champion Rybakina. The world No 10's appearance in the doubles competition comes after she was drawn to face Williams in the opening round of the singles contest. It means that the US Open champion can get some extra matches under her belt ahead of her upcoming title defence in New York, as she will be able to learn from the 23-time Major champion on the opposite side of the net before working alongside a young Grand Slam champion in 23-year-old Rybakina to pick up some tips for Flushing Meadows. The Grand Slam-winning duo will have a tough test on their hands in the opening round, drawing Sania Mirza and Lucie Hradecka. Mirza is something of a doubles icon as a former world No 1 and six-time Grand Slam champion across women's and mixed doubles, while the Czech star also has two Majors as well as two Olympic medals to her name. JUST IN: Aussie star shares 'salty' tweet after being kept from Cincinnati draw  The British No 1 recently entered the doubles tournament at last week's Citi Open in Washington, where she paired up with one of her fellow rising stars in Clara Tauson but lost to Hradecka in the first round, who was playing alongside Monica Niculescu. Raducanu had been spotted training with Rybakina in Cincinnati, with their link-up now explained by their decision to enter the doubles draw together. And the Bromley teenager will be relishing every moment she gets on the match court next week after an early exit in Toronto, falling to last year's champion Camila Giorgi in the first round. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios responds as footage emerges showing Medvedev heckledRaducanu and Osaka inspire new drama from Line Of Duty producersNadal fans raise US Open injury fears after Cincinnati training regime  The 19-year-old said she was "straight back out on court" after her straight-set defeat to the Italian, saying she "didn't take any time to reflect or mourn" the loss. Cincinnati is the US Open champion's last opportunity to get some more matches under her belt before she faces the monumental challenge of defending a Grand Slam title for the first time in her career.