Homeowners who have already read up on how to get rid of mosquitoes may know that these pests don't hate any kind of light. Though, some tones are less preferred than others. Therefore, lighting options matter when it comes to attracting – or deterring the infamous fly. So, from the chandelier in hallways to lamps on bedside tables, this is how your decor impacts the mosquito level in your home. Charles van Rees, Ph.D. Conservation Scientist and Naturalist explained: “Mosquitoes aren't any more attracted to LED lights than any other kind of lights.” Though, while mosquitos are drawn to LED lights, Charles explains that mosquitoes aren't as attracted to light as other insects that may be drawn to a LED glow. He added: “Generally speaking, cooler-coloured LEDs tend to attract lots of other insects like moths, beetles, and lacewings.” READ MORE: Laundry: Easy way to get rid of yellow stains from white clothes Alternatively, mosquitoes are cued in on red and orange colours (as they are associated with the smell of CO2 from a human target's breath). As the expert explains, “it comes down to the colours that attract or repel mosquitoes,” with red and orange-toned lights amongst the most sought-after shades. He added: “A dark red or orange light might be more attractive to them if they are actively hunting. “The LED part doesn't make a difference.” So what type of light do mosquitoes hate the most? DON'T MISS:Dame Judi Dench home: James Bond star’s quiet life in small village [INSIGHT]‘Always’ follow ‘25% rule’ when harvesting lettuce for healthy growth [EXPERT]'It's brilliant!' Mrs Hinch fans share best ways to clean leather sofa [TIPS] Charles explained: “Mosquitoes don't hate any kind of light. However, some colours don't seem attractive to them when they are looking for an animal to bite. “These are dark purples, blues, greens, greys, and other light shades.” This is because most mosquito targets, such as large mammals, are composed of “various brownish or tan shades” that are a mix of various orange and red colours – not blues and greens. Therefore, lights that don't have an orange or red glow are likely to be less favoured by mosquitoes. READ MORE: How to stop mosquitoes entering your home with 20p natural deterrent The expert added: “Yellow might be a good option since it doesn't attract them or distract other types of non-biting insects, either.” Emma Grace Crumbley, an Entomologist with Mosquito Squad, emphasised: “Colours we know to be attractive to mosquitoes include darker colours, such as black and deeply saturated dark colours (dark brown, dark red).” These colours absorb light and heat, as opposed to lighter colours like white which reflect heat. Mosquitoes can detect the heat absorbed and held by darker colours and are therefore inclined to investigate potential hosts (as hosts, like humans, also give off heat). While non-LED light sources may appear less attractive, Emma explains that any light used at night (when temperatures are at their coolest) runs the risk of attracting mosquitoes. She said: “Though mosquitoes may be less interested in LED light sources, they still perceive these lights. “Light perception is only one of many cues mosquitoes use to identify hosts, so multiple factors (skin odours, CO2 production, exposed skin, etc.) should be considered when assessing the best ways to avoid mosquito bites.” To discourage the insect from your home (during the day or night), it is a good idea to invest in mosquito repellent plants (and clean stagnant water to discourage them from sitting in your home).