Unpacking your luggage to find your favourite evening dress or shirt covered in wrinkles can mean having to go in search of an iron on the first day of a relaxing holiday. However, there are some simple packing methods which could keep your belongings looking pristine while in transit. Becky Moore, the founder of travel blog GlobalGrasshopper currently lives what she describes as "a semi-nomadic existence" and has clocked up visits to over 40 countries, during which time she's learned a thing or two about packing strategically. Though packing clothes which are likely to crease is "best to avoid", there are some occasions when certain garments are essential for your trip. Becky said: "If you still want to pack them, then you need to know the right way to avoid creases. "Don’t overpack your suitcase or bag, this will cause your clothes to become wrinkled from being squished together." READ MORE: Flight hack to get 'entire row' to yourself for free The travel expert explained: "A good idea is to use vacuum packing [bags] to keep clothes flat. "Additionally, you can use packing tapes to secure them along the creases." Vacuum pack bags work by placing clothes or other items inside of them, before removing all of the air from the package prior to sealing. In some cases, a vacuum-sealed bag can actually reduce the amount of storage space needed by 50 percent, making them perfect for slotting inside suitcases. If you can't get your hands on vacuum pack bags, large Ziploc bags can work almost as well. Fold your clothing and place it into the bag, then push all of the air out before sealing them. Vacuum pack bags can also help with organising your clothes, a hack which has recently been shared in a viral TikTok video. To do so, fold your clothes into outfits before placing each ensemble into its own individual bag. Then, you can label each bag with a description of the outfit inside. Becky told Express.co.uk: "You can roll your clothes instead of folding them. This prevents creases from forming in the fabric." Though there is much discussion in the travel world around whether rolling or folding is better for space-saving, rolling will reduce the prominence of deep creases where each item was folded. Though the rolling method can be done by laying clothes flat and rolling them tightly, experts from Travel and Leisure say there is a better way to approach the task. They said: "To properly roll your clothes, lay the item of clothing out flat. "Then fold the bottom two inches of the item inside out so it creates a type of pocket along one side of the clothing. "From the opposite end, roll the item tightly until you get to the pocket you’ve created. Fold one side of the pocket over the roll, securing it tightly." DON'T MISSLuggage packing hack 'to save space' and avoid unexpected fees [INSIGHT]'Bring your own food' to have a chance of a free upgrade on a flight [EXPLAINER]Baggage handler shares common items people 'should not' put in bags [COMMENT] Packing cubes are another handy invention which can help to keep your suitcase organised, as well as help them arrive at your destination free from creases. Becky said: "Use packing cubes or folders to keep your clothes organised and prevent them from becoming wrinkled." An expert from The Points Guy UK added: "Packing cubes help keep your clothing wrinkle-free, regardless of whether you prefer to roll or fold them. They also help you fit more items into your bag."