There's a new Sat Nav going on sale that does a whole lot more than just showing the route to a destination. The DriveCam 76, from the team at Garmin, has just been unveiled and it comes packed with features including the ability to show live fuel costs in the local area that users are travelling in. That means drivers can see exactly which forecourts are offering the best deals at the pump and fill up for a cheaper price. There's even instant route guidance to the exact location so there's no excuse for not making the saving. Along with that instant fuel comparison, the DriveCam 76 also includes an in-built dash cam which records every moment of a journey in full 1080p HD quality. Footage is filmed using a wide 140-degree field of view with all video captured automatically stored in a secure online Vault. Anything recorded by the camera can be viewed on the in-built 7-inch screen or sent straight to a smartphone for viewing away from the vehicle. Other useful extras on the DriveCam 76 include live traffic reports, weather updates and even Trip Advisor ratings for local hotels and restaurants. Owners can even make calls thanks to full compatibility with the latest iPhone and Android devices. This is one of Garmin's most premium Sat Navs and all of those features do come at a cost with this device setting owners back a hefty £419.99. Ouch! As well as introducing the DriveCam 76, Garmin is also launching a new CamperCam 795 GPS sat nav device which the firm says has been designed specifically for camping enthusiasts. This gadget includes improved navigation for bigger vehicles with routing optimised for the size and weight of the camper or trailer. There are also improved warnings such as upcoming steep grades, sharp curves and speed changes. Owners also get a clever Birdseye Satellite Imagery for high-resolution overhead views of the campground or camper park to help with a smooth arrival. The CamperCam 795 GPS is also on sale now and costs £499.99. “We’re excited about this series of all-in-one sat navs, which combines our best-in-class car and camper navigation features with a sharp, built-in dash cam, giving you confidence that you’ll have video proof of unexpected incidents,” said Dan Bartel, Garmin vice president of global consumer sales. “Whether you’re making the morning commute to work or a trek across the country with the family, these sat navs bring greater peace of mind to your time on the road.”