Rachel Johnson said Britons who miss appointments should be fined up to £30, as that is what the NHS speculates each appointment to cost. Ms Johnson explained that if people started turning up for their appointments, it could help tackle the NHS backlog which has been caused by the pandemic. The British journalist went on to discuss Britons aged over 60 paying for their prescriptions and charging for A&E visists. The LBC presenter said: "My idea would be to charge those who miss appointments £30 because that's what the NHS reckons each appointment costs. "Why not raise it Rishi to £30? and then the NHS might actually begin to recoup some of the money lost to these missed appointments. "I would go even further; I would mean test-free prescriptions for the over-60s many of whom are prepared to pay for their prescriptions, and I would maybe even have a charge for turning up at A&E."  JUST IN: 'Thrilled!' Queen branded 'class act' as monarch celebrates happy news from Balmoral     Due to the Coronavirus pandemic, medical services under the NHS have been backed up further. Rishi Sunak has laid out plans to fine Britons for skipping appointments if he becomes the next Prime Minister in a bid to avoid empty chairing GPs. But the Labour Party MPs have slammed Mr Sunak's suggestion. READ MORE:'Great loss!' Putin's strike kills Ukrainian grain tycoon as Kremlin continues bombardment   Carolyn Harris told GB News: "Well the NHS is devolved in Wales and they would never contemplate actually charging anyone for a missed appointment." "I cannot imagine the UK Labour Party would support that policy either," the Welsh politician added. "We need to put more resourcing into helping GPs get through their day. "Maybe working on a Saturday morning, maybe working late in the evening, but certainly not charging people who don't make an appointment."  DON’T MISS: 'Loving it!' Queen Letizia stuns fans in £18 Zara dress at Atlantida Mallorca Film Fest[INSIGHT] Putin threatens ‘lightning speed’ missiles and vows Russia will be ‘great maritime power' [REVEAL] Pick up your England souvenir as Lionesses win Euro 2022 Final with victory over Germany [SPOTLIGHT]    Due to the ongoing cost of living crisis, some experts believe charging Britons for no-show medical appointments with the NHS is unfair. British Medical Association (BMA) Chair Professor Philip Banfield uttered a similar sentiment, saying the proposals “threaten the fundamental principle that the NHS delivers free care at the point of need, for all.” He continued: “While it is frustrating when patients do not attend, the reasons why this happens should be investigated rather than simply resorting to punishing them. “Financially penalising patients inevitably impact the poorest and most vulnerable in the community. “This may discourage them from rebooking, exacerbating already worsening health inequalities and costing the NHS more.” READ NEXT 