Princess Charlotte’s sporty ambitions have been revealed right before the Commonwealth Games makes history with the first “Super Sunday” event for women. This Sunday will feature three finals with women’s hockey, cricket and netball competitions.  Princess Charlotte stole the show at the Commonwealth Games this week in Birmingham where the young royal attended with Kate Middleton and Prince William. This is the first public royal engagement the Princess undertook without her brothers. A Commonwealth Games board member disclosed that Charlotte enjoyed watching the women’s hockey team and now wishes to play the sport. The women’s hockey team beat India 3-1 on Tuesday and made it into the final after beating New Zealand on Friday night. The young royal would be following in the footsteps of her Mum, as Kate Middleton has been a hockey player since high school and even practised with the British women’s hockey team during the 2012 Olympics.  Ama Agbeze, a Commonwealth netball gold medalist, said: “Kate and William went with Princess Charlotte to the England hockey match. “Charlotte was saying she wants to play hockey. When I’d met Kate before she’d said that she played netball so I said ‘she has to play netball, stop’. “But it doesn’t matter as long as she plays sport, she can play every sport under the sun. “It will be good if people take her lead. “If Princess Charlotte is sitting there and thinking ‘I want to do this’, how many other children are watching and thinking that?”  READ MORE: Kate enjoyed rare moment at Balmoral as Queen 'let her guard down'  Ama Agbeze won the netball gold medal at the 2018 Commonwealth Games and is now a board member of the 2022 Games. She attended a press conference today to promote the historic Super Sunday event, in which three women’s finalist competitions will be held. Ms Agbeze said: “There are so many children here. What memories they will have going back to school? That is inspiring the next generation”. The Commonwealth Games this year has held more medal events for women than men, and ticket sales have hit a record high, making them the most attended Commonwealth Games ever. Ms Agbeze joked about Birmingham’s popularity. She said: “My nephew wanted a ticket. I said ‘I’m on the board, but I can’t work miracles.”  DON'T MISS: Queen faced struggles blending Crown and family without 'role models' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry issued 'massive whitewash' warning over bombshell book [REVEAL]Prince Charles gives thanks to Jamaicans [REPORT] Princess Charlotte has shown this week to be inspired by many female athletes, as Prince William also recently revealed that she is also a talented football goalie. Prince William told the Lionesses on a recent trip to their training camp that the seven-year-old Princess is a “budding star for the future”. The Duke of Cambridge said: “Charlotte wanted me to tell you that she’s really good in goal. “She said ‘please tell them that!’” Last week, William and Charlotte also wished the Lionesses good luck before their historic win in the Women’s Euro final.    