Morpheus, aka Dream (played by Tom Sturridge) descended into the depths of Hell to take on Lucifer Morningstar (Gwendoline Christie) and recover his precious helmet in the fourth episode of Netflix’s star-studded adaptation of Neil Gaiman’s comic books. The ruler of the realm doesn’t appear again until the final episode of The Sandman season one, and Gwendoline has since teased her return in the next instalment. Gwendoline revealed Lucifer was plotting her revenge during her lengthy absence throughout the first season of The Sandman. The Queen of Hell mainly appears in episode four, A Hope in Hell, in which the two powerful immortals go head-to-head in a battle of the mind. After their clash in the Underworld, Dream returns to Earth to put a stop to John Dee (David Thewlis) and meet up with his Endless siblings. However, a brief appearance from Lucifer in the season finale reveals the devil is planning to retaliate after Dream humiliated her in her own realm. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks GMB fury with ‘daft’ Olivia Newton John probe “Self-care in Hell,” Gwendoline joked, revealing what Lucifer has been doing since her rival’s departure. “Well, it clearly involves a red satin robe. It’s time to really relax. “Any kind of corset, control underwear, shapewear is discarded.” As the ruler of Hell, Lucifer was buttoned up in a smart robe in stark contrast to her grisly surroundings and demonic subjects. Since being bested by Dream, she may have discarded her formal attire and traded up for a set of powerful armour if their next meeting gets physical. The former Game of Thrones star also hinted at the unconventional dynamic between Lucifer and her demon devotee, Mazikeen (Cassie Clare). “We’re straight into the robe, and I think she’s kind of probably taking out a lot of passive aggression on Mazikeen,” she told TV Line. “Thankfully, Mazikeen seems to have infinite patience, and perhaps even enjoys it?” DON'T MISS:Outlander's Sam Heughan pays sweet tribute to co-stars [TRIBUTE]P-Valley’s Nicco Annan sparks frenzy with on-set improv [VIDEO]Flight Lieutenant takes no rubbish from BBC hosts in epic interview [VIDEO] Fans may already know Lucifer and Mazikeen as portrayed by Tom Ellis and Lesley-Anne Brandt in the successful fantasy-crime drama on Fox and Netflix. Also based on the Neil Gaiman-created character, Tom’s version of the Lightbringer was considered to return in The Sandman until producers decided to take the series in a different direction. In this new interpretation, Lucifer and Mazikeen appear to have a masochistic relationship, helping Dream’s adversary wind down after her embarrassing defeat. “And there’s been plenty of, I would imagine, storming down those marble corridors,” Gwendoline added. “Swearing, screaming at demons, staring into the fire and plotting the ultimate revenge.” The first season of The Sandman has already proven a resounding success for the streamer, landing in the top spot on Netflix’s charts in its first week of release. If Dream’s adventures continue, he may have to keep looking over his shoulder for a surprise attack from his most vengeful foe. The Sandman is available to stream on Netflix.