The cost of living crisis mixed with petrol and diesel prices remaining high means that motorists are likely to look for easy ways to save money wherever they can. According to the latest RAC Fuel Watch, drivers across the UK can expect to pay 172.30p per litre of unleaded on average and 183.32p per litre of diesel. While the forecast predicts both prices to fall, it might still take a while before motorists feel a considerable difference. With that in mind, motoring experts have come up with tips that drivers can use not only to save money on fuel but also on their car’s running costs. According to Nerd Wallet, the average Brit spends £3,406.80 on their car every single year and with petrol prices all over the place, this figure is highly likely to go up. To help motorists cut costs, experts at Peter Vardy have revealed seven changes drivers can make to save themselves £1,400.42 this year. READ MORE: Drivers warned against using popular fuel-saving trick These are: Haggling is an underrated art form, and one forum on Money Saving Expert revealed a £100 saving from RAC by haggling a renewal cover. According to Money Saving Expert, motorists that have haggled their covers with AA, Admiral and RAC all had an 80 percent success rate at reducing their premiums. DON'T MISS Number plates and speed limits for cyclists would be 'welcomed' [REVEAL] Huge overhaul needed to reform 'chaotic and outdated' licensing syste [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to check engine oil to help slash fuel consumption [ADVICE] Typically, supermarket forecourts are cheaper for buying fuel compared to branded garages. By choosing a supermarket petrol station, motorists can save £74.10 a year. By performing their own car maintenance checks, spotting standard wear and tear and fixing it before it becomes a problem, drivers can avoid paying the average annual repair cost of £574. READ MORE: EVs ‘cheaper’ than petrol and diesel cars as drivers may save £1,900 Purchasing petrol or diesel with a cashback credit card (like Santander’s 123 accounts) offers drivers three percent cash back for each fill-up. If motorists filled up their car biweekly, they would get £52.68 over the full year! By naming a parent on an insurance policy, newly-qualified drivers can reduce their yearly insurance cost by hundreds of pounds. Research conducted by Uswitch found that motorists can save an average of £426 by simply naming a parent on their policy. Retailers often claim that premium fuel offers performance and economic advantages and can even protect the engine. In reality, unless driving a performance vehicle, drivers are unlikely to see many improvements – but they will pay an average of 10p more per litre. By sticking to standard unleaded, drivers can save themselves £138.32 per year. While it may be easier to spread the cost of road tax, it ends up costing more in the long run. Saving up to pay it in one lump sum can save drivers £29 per year.