Paris Saint-Germain are reportedly in talks with Marcus Rashford's entourage over the possibility of a summer transfer from Manchester United. New PSG boss Christophe Galtier admitted in a recent press conference that a new attacker is on his transfer hit list, with both Arnaud Kalimuendo and Mauri Icardi heading for the exit door in the French capital. It is not the first time PSG have eyed up Rashford, with the Red Devils star earning long-term admirers at the Parc des Princes. Most of the talk around the England international had focused on whether he could rediscover his form at Old Trafford this campaign after a disappointing 2021/22. Rashford scored just four Premier League goals last term - his lowest total since breaking through into the United first team. His return to domestic action didn't go to plan against Brighton on Sunday, missing a handful of high-quality chances as the Seagulls ran out 2-1 winners and notched their first ever win at Old Trafford. L'Equipe claim that PSG are undeterred, however, and have opened talks with Rashford's camp over the possibility of a summer switch. Earlier on Thursday, Galtier indicated that the club would pursue another attacker before the window slams shut. JUST IN: Arsenal star Granit Xhaka drops contract hint and makes Mikel Arteta prediction  Whether Erik ten Hag will allow Rashford to leave is another question altogether given that United are battling an attacking shortage of their own. The Red Devils are having enough trouble trying to sign a new forward after losing out on Slovenian teenager Benjamin Sesko and withdrawing their interest in Marko Arnautovic due to fan complaints. Cristiano Ronaldo's desire to leave Old Trafford makes Ten Hag's transfer mission even more urgent. United are reluctant to let the Portuguese leave but have so far been unable to change his mind after crunch talks at Carrington over the past few weeks. DON'T MISS...Arsenal given three reasons to be excited about Yeremy Pino after promising £34m bidArsenal proven right over their own Fernando Torres as free transfer saga showsTottenham eye 'mystery' forward after Jose Mourinho blocked Nicolo Zaniolo move  Stuttgart target-man Sasa Kalajdzic and versatile attacker Cody Gakpo are two of the remaining targets on United's shortlist, with the former valued at £20m and the latter £35m. The Red Devils may have to call on a favour from club legend Ruud van Nistelrooy regarding Gakpo, with the Dutchman currently his boss at PSV. As well as a seemingly inevitable new signing, Ten Hag may have to rely on an Anthony Martial resurgence after the Frenchman enjoyed a strong pre-season. Injury kept him sidelined against Brighton but fans are cautiously optimistic that he can rediscover his best form this term, while former Premier League striker Alan Smith believes that the right coaching could see Rashford make a similar breakthrough.  "Marcus Rashford is one that’s had a very poor few years," he told Express Sport. "He looked nothing like the player that burst onto the scene and scored goals for England. He was virtually a first choice for Gareth Southgate at one stage. "There’s a player in there. He’ll need a little bit of careful handling to slowly build his confidence back up again. You’d like to see him return to the kind of form that he showed us when he first came to the fore. Good coaches are able to do that. Man management, using players in the right way."