In recent scenes on Coronation Street, Kelly Neelan (played by Millie Gibson) has pretended to be engaged to Aadi Alahan (Adam Hussain) in order to win a wedding competition so they can go on holiday. Aadi used his mother’s ring as he proposed to Kelly, and in the latest episode, he declared his love for her. While the wedding was all part of a scam, it looks like the young couple could actually end up walking up the aisle. In Friday’s episode, Asha (Tanisha Gorey) was furious when she spotted the ring on Kelly’s hand and claimed she stole it. Aadi told his sister it was just a joke and Kelly didn’t really mean anything to him. Unfortunately for him, Kelly overheard everything and raced off in Aadi’s new car. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected The young man rushed after Kelly on Asha’s bike and caught up with her when she crashed the car. It was then he confessed to being in love with her and Kelly admitted she felt the same. Unfortunately, Coronation Street fans are convinced Aadi and Kelly won’t get their happily ever after. With actress Millie confirmed to be leaving the ITV soap, fans believe they’ve “figured out” her exit. Mike Docherty posted on Twitter: “Feel Kelly being killed off on #Corrie. Aadi’s heartbreak?” “Kelly and Aadi are so sweet together but it's such a shame that it's obviously going to end in tears with Kelly being written out. #Corrie,” Chrystyna Schlapak tweeted. Nichola D shared: “It's all gone a bit Romeo and Juliet in Corrie! Don't drink the poison Kelly!!! “Star crossed lovers right there, we all know it's not going to end well! #Corrie #Aadi #Kelly” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Beloved family exit as proposal rejected [SPOILER]Coronation Street fans ‘work out’ real reason Spider returned  [THEORY]Coronation Street's Stu Carpenter star hints at deadly fate [INTERVIEW] Mason Harris theorised: “I bet when Kelly gets married on @itvcorrie she gets killed off because she’s leaving #Corrie.” Ryan Glendenning added: “No #Corrie wedding goes to plan just saying with Kelly leaving anyway this won't go well.” Yvonne continued: “Well there is Kelly doomed and Aadi especially as she is leaving #Corrie.” Millie recently addressed her exit on Instagram and thanked the ITV soap for the past four years. “Now that the news is out about me exiting the cobbles, I just want to say I've had the most incredible four years,” she began. “Growing up here, I've made long-lasting friendships, learnt so much and I am forever grateful for my time and the storylines I have been given. “I'm really looking forward to you guys seeing the future episodes coming up and I can't thank @coronationstreet enough for letting me be a small piece in this beautiful family. "Kelly Neelan will be a part of my heart always.” She added to fans: “Thank you to you all for being so supportive." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV at 8pm.