State pension payments can provide important support for retirement and thus people will want to secure the highest amount possible. The sum typically hinges on the National Insurance contributions a person makes throughout their lifetime. For the new state pension, Britons need to have 10 qualifying years on their record to get anything at all. Those hopeful of securing the full state pension sum will typically need 35 qualifying years. When it comes to the basic state pension, 30 qualifying years are required for the full sum. The full basic state pension is currently £141.85 per week. READ MORE: Pensioners with back pain or other conditions could get up to £4,804 While the full new state pension is £185.15 per week - however, some may get less if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. It is worth noting not all National Insurance contributions are counted as a qualifying year. As a result, some individuals may find they have fallen short of what is required when it comes to the state pension. For a qualifying year, Britons typically need to earn a minimum amount of money during any one tax year. DON'T MISSPension: Britons could lose out on £7,800 through 'torpor tax' [ANALYSIS]State pensioners call for ‘at least’ £200 per week for all retirees [INSIGHT]Energy bill rebate worth £400 is coming - Britons warned of scam [WARNING] They will also need to pay the required National Insurance contributions in that year. For the current tax year, when it comes to employees the minimum is £123 per week, or £6,396 per year. When it comes to the self-employed, the minimum is £129 per week, or £6,725 per year. While many people are likely to secure a qualifying year if working full time, or for a few days a week, there may be concerns for others. READ MORE: Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts For example, some people may be unemployed and not claiming benefits and could be missing out as a result. Those who aren’t earning enough, or in other circumstances where they do not qualify could benefit from National Insurance credits. The Government website explains: “You may be able to get National Insurance credits if you’re not paying National Insurance. “For example when you’re claiming benefits because you’re ill or unemployed.” Credits could help Britons to fill gaps in their National Insurance record to help them qualify for the state pension. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea However, before looking into credits individuals are encouraged to check their National Insurance record. This can be done online via the Government’s website on a dedicated service. Alternatively, individuals can request a printed National Insurance statement online or by phone. The Government website adds: “You’ll need to say which years you want your statement to cover. “You cannot request statements for the current or previous tax year.”