There are hundreds of diets online targeted at menopausal women, but methods that are plant-based have proven to be successful at curbing some uncomfortable symptoms. And there has been evidence found to suggested women can reach a healthy weight if they switch to a plant-based diet. While there are a variety of different diets to follow that are meat-free, they all share many of the same ingredients. All food on a plant-based diet comes from plants with few or no ingredients that come from animals, including vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts, seeds and fruits. The fibre these foods they contain can keep blood sugar in check without adding extra calories. Fibre can also lower cholesterol and is great for good bowel management. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake A study carried out by the Physicians Committee tested the theory that plant-based diets could help weight loss on a group of 64 women. All the women were moderately or severely overweight at the beginning of the trial, which lasted for two-years. Participants were told to set aside all animal products and keep oils to a minimum to see how much weight they would lose and whether they could maintain it by changing their eating habits, and the results proved they could. Dr Susan Levin, Director of Nutrition Education at the Physicians Committee, revealed: "They lost about a pound per week, without calorie counting or exercise. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "After two years, they maintained the weight loss." She suggests women aim to eat 40 grams of fibre a day to promote weight loss and other health benefits. This is easy to do when consuming vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and beans, which are all staples of a plant-based diet. A separate 12-week study into a vegan diet also showed it could help women lose the menopausal weight gain and keep it off. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Not only that, but plant-based diets can also help with other uncomfortable symptoms. A new study published by the North American Menopause Society in the journal Menopause, found a plant-based diet rich in soy can reduce moderate-to-severe hot flashes by 84 percent, from nearly five per day to fewer than one per day. And 54-year-old Clare Keen, found that by dropping three non-plant-based foods from her diet really helped her. Not only that, but plant-based diets can also help with other uncomfortable symptoms. A new study published by the North American Menopause Society in the journal Menopause, found a plant-based diet rich in soy can reduce moderate-to-severe hot flashes by 84 percent, from nearly five per day to fewer than one per day. And 54-year-old Clare Keen, found that by dropping three non-plant-based foods from her diet really helped her.