Ukraine’s "Kharkiv" army group destroyed the Russian "Tunguska" 2S6 air defence system with several strikes. In the footage, the vehicle is uncovered beneath some shrubbery, before Ukrainian forces then retreat to destroy it. The defence system blows up into a fireball as it is struck before plumes of white smoke billow from its destroyed framework. It comes as Russia and Ukraine blame each other for a near-catastrophe as electricity supplies to Europe’s largest nuclear power plant in Zaporizhzhya were cut off for several hours after a nearby fire, risking a radiation disaster.    Footage of the attack in Kharkiv showed the vehicle, surrounded by local townhouses, being blown up from afar. The precision strike managed to successfully immobilise and nullify the defence system without causing damage to the nearby area. A follow-up shot from above shows the vehicle in flames with smoke billowing from its turret and top. The attack was geolocated to the small village of Hoptivka in the Kharkiv Oblast.    Meanwhile, the world narrowly escaped a radiation disaster when electricity to Europe's largest nuclear power plant was cut for hours, Ukraine's president said, urging international bodies to act faster to force Russian troops to vacate the site. President Volodymyr Zelensky said Russian shelling on Thursday had sparked fires in the ash pits of a nearby coal power station that disconnected the Zaporizhzhya plant from the power grid. A Russian official said Ukraine was to blame. Back-up diesel generators ensured power supply that is vital for cooling and safety systems at the plant, Mr Zelensky said, praising the Ukrainian technicians who operate the plant under the gaze of the Russian military. “If our station staff had not reacted after the blackout, then we would have already been forced to overcome the consequences of a radiation accident,” he said in a video address on Thursday evening. READ MORE: Europe on nuclear alert – biggest power plant STILL disconnected “Russia has put Ukraine and all Europeans in a situation one step away from a radiation disaster... "Every minute that Russian troops remain at the nuclear power station there is a risk of global radiation catastrophe,” he said. Residents in the capital Kyiv, some 556 km (345 miles) to the northwest of the plant, expressed alarm at the situation. Vladimir Rogov, a Russian-appointed official in the occupied town of Enerhodar near the plant, blamed Ukraine's armed forces for the incident, saying they caused a fire in a forest near the plant. He said local towns had lost power for several hours. DON'T MISS: Putin burning £8m of OWN gas a day while EU in crisis [ANALYSIS]The Russians are getting sick of Putin's war, says FREDERICK FORSYTH [OPINION] Russian base burns following explosion [VIDEO]   “This was caused by the disconnection of power lines from the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power station as a result of provocations by Zelensky's fighters,” Rogov wrote on Telegram. “The disconnection itself was triggered by a fire and short circuit on the power lines.” Regional governor Oleksandr Starukh said today that Ukraine has begun trying to resume operations at the two reactors at the Russian-held Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant. The plant's sixth reactor is working at 10 percent capacity, while the fifth reactor is in the process of resuming operations, he said in televised comments. READ NEXT: Turkey handed masterplan to outsmart Putin as 'gas bonanza' discoveredPutin forces backed into corner in south UkrainePutin to launch 'suicidal strikes' in 'drastic' last ditch effortPutin using Russian convicts in Ukraine war in ‘desperate’ movePutin unaware of Russian losses in Ukraine due to army ‘cover-up’ 