   Award-winning actress Christina Ricci, 42, has revealed Johnny Depp, 59, once “explained what homosexuality was” to her when she was just nine years old. The Addams Family actress spoke to the A-lister while on the set of her first movie, Mermaids.      Christina recalled how she was on the Massachusetts set of Mermaids in 1989, where she met co-star Winona Ryder, 50. The two-time Emmy nominee remembered how someone had been accused of being “homophobic” at the time, which confused her. “I was like, ‘Well, I don't understand what that is.’ And I was in Winona's trailer and she was like, ‘I don't know how…’” she explained on Andy Cohen's SiriusXM show yesterday. “And so she put me on the phone with [her boyfriend] Johnny. And Johnny explained it to me,” Christina continued. READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp issues urgent plea for help on holiday    “In like the simplest terms, yeah. He was like, ‘It's when a man wants to have sex with a man. And when a woman wants to have sex with a woman.’ And I was like, ‘Oh, okay.’” At this point, chat show host Andy wondered why the actress didn't ask her onscreen mother - gay icon Cher - about homosexuality. She responded: “I know, we should've run right over [to her trailer]!” After her debut in Mermaids, Christina went on to immortalise the role of Wednesday Addams in 1991’s The Addams Family and its 1993 sequel Addams Family Values.      Christina has held other iconic roles, including in 1995’s Casper and 1998’s Buffalo '66. She also won awards for her performances in the films The Opposite of Sex (1998), Sleepy Hollow (1999) and Bless the Child (2001). Christina went on to star opposite Johnny in Sally Potter's 2000 indie drama The Man Who Cried, where she filmed her first sex scene with him. In 2001 she told Entertainment Weekly that filming the scene was “a little weird” because he was “like a big brother” to her.  READ MORE... Frank Sinatra 'convinced' Marilyn Monroe was 'murdered' [INSIGHT] John Cleese leaves BBC interview over line of questioning [THROWBACK] Demi Rose bares all as she reclines topless narrowly covering modesty [PIC]      “Anytime you're rooting around like two pigs in front of 20 men or women on a set, it's kind of bizarre, especially with someone you met when you were 9 and he was 26. “But we get along so well that we could both laugh it off and say, ‘This is really irritating,’” the actress recalled. The pair also played love interests in Tim Burton's 1999 supernatural horror Sleepy Hollow. While Christina and Johnny never dated, the latter did have a long term relationship with his other on-screen romantic partner, Winona.     Johnny and Winona began dating in 1989 - a year before they starred opposite each other as romantic leads in Tim Burton’s 1990 film Edward Scissorhands. The Stranger Things star was just 17 when they started dating, while the Pirates of the Caribbean actor was 25. Ultimately, their whirlwind romance came to an end after four years in 1993. Winona has been in a relationship with longtime partner Scott Mackinlay Hahn since 2011, while Johnny is twice divorced.   