In the first episode of her show, Sarah Beeny's New Life in the Country, it saw the popular real estate broadcaster uprooting her family and moving from London to somerset.In the latest series the TV star and her husband were seen transforming their new property, which is still an ongoing journey. So what’s it like inside?    The self-confessed city girl had lived in London for over 30 years but has now relocated with her family to the depths of Somerset – to Bruton, which is fast becoming a magnet for the rich and famous. Together with her husband Graham she has invested a considerable sum into buying a 223-acre former dairy farm with no less than 1,000 sheep grazing in its 12 fields. The stately home is bursting with character from the rooms Sarah has shown her followers on Instagram. The couple has thrown themselves in at the deep end and quickly adapted to a new way of life. This is the location for the carbon-neutral home of their dreams. READ MORE: GMB’s Susanna Reid’s quiet life in South London with her three sons Sarah and her husband have never built a home for their family from scratch. The property guru can often be seen updating her followers of her house renovation journey on her Instagram page. One of the first rooms in the house to be completed is the dining room, which boasts a spacious oak table that is accompanied by eight matching chairs and a gorgeous display of flowers on top. The room features a crisp white fireplace and directly on the wall above sits an elegant gold-framed mirror with chandelier wall lights on either side. Around the room you will find that the expert has an array of beautiful paintings to minimise the empty spaces. DON'T MISS:‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [COMMENT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [TIPS]   In one episode the couple's sons Laurie, Charlie, Rafferty and Billy were busy tiling their new en-suite bedrooms. Sarah also shared a photo of her son Rafferty doing a great job tiling his own en-suite bathroom. In the latest episode the family's Channel 4 show saw the boys helping out with the renovations work, revealing their 'Gentleman's club' and 'Medieval' themed rooms. Rafferty told viewers in the Channel 4 series: "A gentleman's style bathroom is what I'm going for." READ MORE: Property expert shares ‘really important’ estate agent tricks to avoid The family has also finished creating their kitchen. The room follows a neutral decor scheme, apart from the blue agar which adds a nice pop of colour. The kitchen is modern with its marble countertops, yet has a vintage feel with the wooden accents dotted around the room. Sarah has also shown her finished staircase to her followers. Following the wooden theme, the grand staircase is oak and is accompanied by a light red and gold carpet that is fitted in the middle. Besides the staircase is a glossy black piano which really adds to the lavish decor.     Bruton and the surrounding area is home to increasing numbers of notable residents. Estate agents in Bruton say that wealthy Londoners have built a microclimate in the town, causing a dramatic spike in prices leading to it being labelled the new Notting Hill. Properties in Bruton had an overall average house price of £470,830 over the last year. The majority of sales in Bruton during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average price of £564,750. Terraced properties sold for an average of £337,854, with semi-detached properties fetching £557,627. Overall, sold prices in Bruton over the last year were 23 percent up on the previous year and 39 percent up on the 2017 peak of £339,746.   