The singer was chatting to Ranvir Singh on ITV's Lorraine on Thursday when she recalled how much her dad loved Strictly Come Dancing. As she talked about the poignancy of the BBC show, she said she "wasn't expecting" to get so emotional before she broke down in tears. Fleur, 34, was announced on Thursday as the latest famous face to be joining the prestigious dance floor this year. She told Ranvir how her father, Malcolm East, had died of a heart attack in 2020 and recalled how much he loved the show. As Ranvir chatted about the significance of Fleur taking part, she began to get emotional before she was unable to speak. "I didn't expect to be this emotional," she commented as she wiped away tears. READ MORE: Shetland fans fear Duncan Hunter exit after Jimmy prison visit "For me, it's quite sentimental because my dad, who passed away in 2020, Strictly was his favourite show," the former X-Factor star reflected. She recalled: "When I was on the X-Factor, during the breaks in the live studio he used to check his phone for the Strictly updates! "Because he was really annoyed that he couldn't watch it." Becoming visibly emotional, she added: "So I'm just going to be doing it for him." As tears began to fall, Fleur heartbreakingly stated: "And I'm just gutted that he can't see me do it, to be honest... "But I'm just going to keep him in mind when doing the show." Trying to comfort the singer, Ranvir replied: "Oh sweetheart, he died during lockdown of a heart attack, didn't he?" As Fleur nodded, unable to speak, Ranvir continued: "I'm so sorry about that." DON'T MISS... Stayt fumes ‘you’re not doing anything’ at Tory over energy inaction [VIDEO]Charlie Stayt shuts down Naga Munchetty over ‘dangerous’ demand [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Craig reflects on 'emotional' moment in series [EXCLUSIVE] "I'm excited," Fleur remarked. "My family, for that reason, I think they're going to be just buzzing." "Well he'll be with you, won't he?" the presenter told her. "And you'll hear him cheering on in your mind. "And I think he would be absolutely over the moon that you got selected for Strictly." "I know," Fleur managed, before adding: "Honestly, I wasn't expecting to get this emotional about it but." She began to cry as Ranvir assured her: "It's a big thing, and I'll tell you what I found - it brought up loads of stuff for me. "It's a really odd thing, the whole thing about being in Strictly, it's so intense, isn't it? You're quite exposed a person." It came during Fleur's first TV interview since being announced as a contestant on the hit dance show. On having dance experience from performing on stage and being on a Saturday night live entertainment show in the past, Fleur admitted she’s feeling the pressure of being expected to do well. She said: “There’s too much pressure, I’m so nervous, Ranvir. I can dance in the club and when I'm singing on stage, but I have never done any technical dancing, so I don’t know anything ballroom, how to point a toe or anything like that!" Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.