Aston Martin's sudden signing of Fernando Alonso from rivals Alpine came as a surprise to just about everyone in the world of Formula 1. That being said, the two-time world champion has the potential to be a perfect replacement for the departing Sebastian Vettel. 'Potential' is the key word, however, after former F1 favourite Felipe Massa identified one problem Aston Martin could face in the foreseeable future. It's his belief a big personality like Alonso's can be divisive, and the Spaniard isn't the type to bottle his emotions if he's displeased with his drive. "He [Alonso] understands how to manage the tyres in the right way and to speak with the team," said Massa during an appearance on Sky Sports' Any Driven Monday. "But the only problem he has is that he splits the team in the middle a little bit. I never had any problem working or talking with him, but he always managed to put everything on his side and split the team a little bit in the middle. "If he has a competitive car, he definitely can help the team a lot, but if he doesn't then he can be a problem by splitting the team in the middle. He could even decide to fight with the team. But as a driver, definitely one of the best in the history of Formula 1." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton becomes co-owner of NFL team months after interest in Chelsea takeover  Based off their respective 2022 performances thus far, Alpine's A522 appears to be the superior machine compared to Aston Martin's AMR22. Vettel and partner Lance Stroll currently sit 14th and 18th in the standings, respectively, while Alonso and his Alpine ally, Esteban Ocon, are each inside the standings' top 10. Massa described ex-rival Alonso as "an amazing driver" who has continued to impress at the age of 41. Some title-winning nous might go a long way at Silverstone, but there's also a major onus on the engineering staff to produce a competitive product. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen has unique reason he is 'very happy' Lewis Hamilton is challenging for winsChristian Horner gives awkward reply to Ferrari question after Red Bull handed Hungary winF1 Hungarian Grand Prix driver ratings: Lewis Hamilton soars as Max Verstappen boosts lead    Alpine team principal Otmar Szafnauer has said he found out about Alonso's departure through a press release. The move has caused debate among fans on social media. "We offered a one plus one deal," Szafnauer told reporters via a video call. "And we discussed with Fernando that: 'Look, if next year at this time you're performing at the same level, of course, we will take you and that could have carried on'. But I think he wanted more certainty independent of performance."