The UK has stepped up to host Eurovision 2023 after organisers concluded winners Ukraine were unable to due to Russia's ongoing invasion of the country. Ukraine's public broadcaster UA:PBC agreed to work with the BBC to host the world’s largest live music event in the UK since Sam Ryder finished as runner-up. The head of the UA:PBC, Mykola Chernotytskyi, said: “The 2023 Eurovision song contest will not be in Ukraine but in support of Ukraine. We are grateful to our BBC partners for showing solidarity with us.” READ MORE: UK urged not to host Eurovision for Ukraine – ‘Total waste of money’ Of the 20 cities that expressed an interest, seven were shortlisted: Birmingham, Glasgow, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle and Sheffield/ The cities were shortlisted due to having the capability, a venue with sufficient capacity and international transport links to welcome fans from across Europe. In a poll that ran from 5pm on Friday, August 12, to 11am on Friday, August 26, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Which UK city should host the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest?” Overall, 1,010 people cast their votes and readers were divided on their preferred host city. The most popular host cities were “Newcastle” and “Liverpool”, both receiving 22 percent of the vote with (221 and 220 people respectively). A further 18 percent (185 people) thought that “Birmingham” should host the contest. This was followed by Manchester with 12 percent (119 people) and Sheffield with 10 percent (97 people). Meanwhile, nine percent (92 people) backed Leeds as their chosen city and eight percent (76 people) chose Glasgow. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed where the Eurovision Song Contest should be. Username Sman said: “Liverpool has all the key essentials already in place for this big event, so this could be a big early advantage.” And username HJD said: “Might be nice to hold it in Liverpool, the home of the Beatles.” While some readers backed Newcastle as the host city with username sometrollsjustcantcopewithfacts simply writing: “Newcastle” And username mabel replied commenting: “Yes Newcastle.” There was also support for other cities with username Rayf saying: “Anywhere but Glasgow. Leeds, Sheffield or Liverpool for me.” While username AFG1234 said: “As long as we are hosting, not paying, don't have a preference.” Meanwhile, some readers argued that the UK should not be hosting Eurovision next year. Username GavsRules said: “None. It shouldn't be coming here at all.” DON'T MISS: Eurovision ‘got to be’ held in Birmingham after Commonwealth success [LATEST]BBC ‘no longer fit for purpose’ as new poll supports defunding [INSIGHT]How much is a TV licence and do you need one? [ADVICE] Username The price of freedom wrote: “The EU should host it.” And username TrueLies said: “It should be held in Ukraine.” The UK has hosted Eurovision eight times in the past, most recently in Birmingham in 2998. The host city will be chosen by the BBC and the European Broadcasting Union in the autumn, giving enough time to prepare for the contest in May 2023.