Simon Cowell, who was once dubbed the "Mr Nasty" of British TV, was renowned for his no-nonsense straight-talking comments on X Factor, during which no contestant's feelings seemed to be spared. However, six former acts have now revealed they will sue his company SyCo for "bullying, mistreatment and neglect". The acts claim they needed to fork out for health treatment after being left traumatised, "sleep deprived" and psychologically unwell after their time on the show. According to SyCo, there is no suggestion that Simon was aware of or involved with the alleged mistreatment the acts experienced. However the judge, who is currently in the US filming America's Got Talent, will no doubt be horrified by the prospect of a costly lawsuit coming in his direction. An anonymous singer who chose not to identify himself claimed: "Being on the show was a horrific experience. READ NOW: Kirstie Allsopp makes dig amid Meghan's 'fire' claims "Myself and five former acts have agreed to join forces and get the justice we feel we deserve." The singer added that all six felt their earning potential had been limited by the long-lasting effects of their alleged trauma. "Simon needs to take responsibility," the claimant elaborated in the Daily Mirror. "We lost a lot of money from having periods of our lives not making money to deal with trauma still ingrained from the show." The six insist that they have evidence to support their claims, including emails, recordings and proof of "psychological assessments" after the show. They say that they are raising awareness in order to seek justice, and that they would like their medical costs reimbursed through the settlement. No formal date has been set for a trial, as the six say they have at this stage merely approached lawyers and made plans to take action. However they vow that they will expose the public to a very different side of the show behind the scenes than they could have imagined from its glamorous exterior. DON'T MISS... Russell Brand riles village by 'turning only pub into vegan eatery' [LATEST] Loose Women's Judi Love lashes out at Brits over Meghan Markle fury [DEBATE] Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [PHOTOS]  The X Factor, which has brought worldwide fame and multimillion pound fortunes to groups like One Direction, is expected to go beneath the microscope if the legal action the acts have threatened does take place. SyCo told The Mirror that no allegation has been made suggesting that Simon Cowell himself has been personally involved in any wrongdoing. Meanwhile, an X Factor spokesman added to the publication: "Welfare of those taking part is our No1 priority and we have robust measures and welfare teams in place to ensure support is always available. "We are unaware of any legal claims being filed against The X Factor and despite not being on air for several years, we remain open to discuss concerns with anyone who chooses to do so." Meanwhile, a TV expose is apparently planned, with involvement by two major production companies, telling all about X Factor behind the scenes. The news comes just months after former contestant Katie Waissel reported to police that she had allegedly experienced a sexual assault at the hands of one of SyCo's employees. The singer, who made the finals of the show back in 2010, says the assault took place in a Los Angeles hotel, and that the employee had also worked for Sony Music. Katie, 36, made a statement claiming: "I may not speak often of my past and continued trauma, as quite frankly I'm still navigating it, but do not mistake my silence for being silenced. "I have a duty to my younger self, to all others that have been through similar, to get the justice and closure we rightly deserve." Following her complaint to the LA police department, she added that her allegation was now "a criminal and legal case". Simon Cowell has been approached by Express.co.uk for comment.