The prospect of Lando Norris one day joining Mercedes appears to be becoming more remote as he grows closer to Red Bull's Max Verstappen. Norris, 22, has long been tipped to become a future star of the sport, and is widely expected to challenge for F1 titles later in his career. In February, he committed himself to McLaren until at least the end of 2025, signing a multi-million pound deal. Upon penning his new deal, he signalled his ambition to challenge for the world championship with the British team. The development scuppered the assumption of many pundits that Norris would be replacing Lewis Hamilton at Mercedes when his current deal expires. The young star has been touted as a natural successor to the seven-time world champion when he finally walks away from F1. But Hamilton has recently stated his intention to continue in the sport and win an unprecedented eighth world crown. And with George Russell impressing in his maiden campaign with the Silver Arrows, Norris driving a W13 anytime soon appears a remote concept. JUST IN: What McLaren may pay to sack Daniel Ricciardo as Zak Brown faces 'uncomfortable' situation Especially given his increasingly strong friendship with world champion Verstappen. And a tweet posted by McLaren on Monday suggests the two young stars are growing even closer as they continue to hang out away from the circuit. The post showed a picture of the pair in a nightclub with Norwegian DJ Kyrre Gorvell-Dahl. Ironically given the current controversial jewellery ban in F1, the trio were all wearing matching items, with the tweet reading: Yes, @LandoNorris, @KygoMusic and @Max33Verstappen really do have matching necklaces." DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton drops new Mercedes contract hint as Brit ready to copy Fernando AlonsoLewis Hamilton admits lying and purposefully 'f***ing' with FIA over jewellery banLewis Hamilton reveals dad's emotional words to him moments after Max Verstappen heartache The pair's apparent close relationship has got fans speculating that it's Red Bull, and not Mercedes, which may be the next destination for Norris. And fans on Twitter seemed to think the same, with @RandyYandek replying: "Sorry McLaren but I really wanna see these 2 as teammates one day." For all his promise, Norris is still awaiting his first Grand Prix win. He seemed destined to take the chequered flag in Sochi last year, but late downpours ruined his chances after the gamble of staying out on dry tyres backfired. 