Driving law changes which are set to be introduced in the next month could see drivers fined for driving in certain towns or make money on their old cars. Motorists in the UK have already seen major changes being made this year, including new Highway Code rules in January and new powers for councils to dish out traffic fines in May. On September 1, England, Wales and Scotland will see the introduction of the new “72” number plate vehicle registration. This follows in line with the typical numbering changes, with the “22” plates being released in March earlier this year. The new vehicle registrations will follow the standard rules including white plates on the front and yellow on the back - with the exception of cars registered before 1973. READ MORE: 'You will use less fuel': Simple and easy car tweak will 'save money' Numbers and letters must be exactly 79 millimetres tall and there must be a space between the numbers that mark the year and the three random letters. Car owners are not allowed to change or purposefully obscure their registration, or they could face a £1,000 fine. Experts are urging drivers to keep an eye on the used car market as the number plates themselves do not impact the value, but they do represent the newest cars on the market. For those looking to sell their old car, they may be best placed to do so before September as it won’t yet have the newer models to compete against. DON'T MISS'At least' another 15p expected to be knocked off fuel prices in week [RELIEF]Diesel drivers warned as major law changes may lead to rise in thefts [SHOCKING]Drivers warned as more cities seek to add new 20mph speed limit roads [WARNING] Bradford’s Clean Air Zone is set to launch on September 26 and will cover much of the city centre. Drivers of HGVs and buses breaching pollution limits will pay £50, while vans and minibuses will be charged £9 and taxis £7. Taxis face a fee of £7 to enter the city centre, while drivers of private cars will not face a charge. Jason Longhurst, Strategic Director, Department of Place at Bradford Council, told Express.co.uk that 87 percent of Bradford taxis are compliant. This follows grants provided to Bradford businesses which also led to 317 buses and 20 percent of HGVs in the district being upgraded to meet the CAZ emission requirements. The council has already spent £30million on preparing for the scheme, with almost 3,500 businesses applying for grants. It is believed that the installation of more than 300 ANPR cameras have been installed across the city already. British expats in Spain have been left in limbo after a May announcement which meant that DVLA-issued UK driving licences were no longer valid. It is hoped that expats will have a six-month period to exchange their UK licence for a Spanish one without having to take a test, once negotiations are finalised. The latest statement on the Brits in Spain Embassy Facebook page states: “The negotiations remain a top priority and teams are working hard to conclude them as quickly as possible. "In the last two weeks, we have made further progress on the annexes and we and DfT are currently waiting for the Spanish to come back to us on some outstanding points. "As soon as we have anything further to update on, we will let you know." Karl McCartney, Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department for Transport, previously said that British expats were “front of mind” for the Government.