Serena Williams’ farewell tour has added another date on her favourite stage. And Chris Evert has predicted the show could now run and run for the 40-year-old American superstar at the US Open. “Anything is possible,” said the 18-time Major champion. The opening night of Serena’s final tournament was a send-off party where nobody was yet ready to say goodbye. Not the celebrities adorning the packed out Arthur Ashe Stadium. Nor the 24,000 fans who were whipped into a frenzy in an electric atmosphere more like a Grand Slam final.And certainly not Williams, who had won only one match in the previous 15 months but shook off the rust to show glimpses of her old magic a month before her 41st birthday. Described by Naomi Osaka as “the biggest force in the sport”, the world No 605 wants to leave like she has lived her tennis career - on her own terms.And despite the prepared tributes, that was not losing to world No 80 Danka Konvinic. Instead the show must go on against world No 2 Anett Kontaveit. Another victory would be against the odds. But so was qualifier Emma Raducanu winning the title here last year without dropping a set. The final chapter of the Serena Williams story is not written yet. JUST IN: Cam Norrie has no sympathy for Benoit Paire after US Open thrashing  And ESPN analyst Evert said: “Serena has improved her game 10-fold in the last few weeks.  I haven’t seen Serena play like this in five years. She played so well. She moved well. I think she surprised herself how well she played. It is going to be tough but the way she played tonight, anything is possible.“I think if she plays the way she did today, and move the way she did today against Kontaveit, I think she has got a shot. If she gets past Kontaveit, what are her chances? Start putting your money on her. On her side of the draw, I don’t see anyone really dangerous.“It is all about her. If she is on, she is going to win. If she is not quite there, she won’t.” The big names were there with Bill Clinton, Gladys Knight, Anna Wintour, Mike Tyson, Lindsey Vonn, Matt Damon and Queen Latifah - wearing a GOAT sweatshirt - all in the crowd for her supposed swansong. Spike Lee even made it on court for the coin toss.DON'T MISSWimbledon winner out of US Open after not 'feeling like a champion'Norrie's US Open opponent responds to accusations he 'tanked' matchAlcaraz advances at US Open as Baez forced to retire with cramps  But the brightest star was Williams in her diamond-encrusted outfit. The six-time champion was hailed as “the greatest of all time” as she entered the arena to deafening cheers. “When I walked out, the reception was really overwhelming in a good way,” she recalled later.“It was loud and I could feel it in my chest. It's a feeling I'll never forget. That meant a lot to me.” Even the winner of 23 Grand Slams seemed affected by the emotionally-charged atmosphere at the start.She served four double faults in her first two service games and gave up a 2-0 lead to trail 2-3, Williams found her timing and her feet to reel off four consecutive games to win the first set and celebrate with a trademark double fist pump. Feeding off the energy and adrenaline of the crowd, there was no stopping her momentum as she won 6-3 6-3 - and celebrated with her trademark pirouette. “The crowd was crazy,” she said. “They really helped pull me through. I was really pumped.” A post-match tribute with Billie Jean King and another montage voiced by Oprah Winfrey went ahead despite the win.Williams, who will also play in the doubles with her sister Venus, was asked if this will definitely be her last tournament. “Yeah, I've been pretty vague about it, right?” she smiled. “I'm going to stay vague because you never know.”