With the summer weather in full swing, motorists across the UK will be hoping to jump into their cars and enjoy days out in the sunshine. However, the high fuel prices might hinder those plans, especially when the temperatures rise and air-con needs to be used. According to experts, using air con can increase fuel consumption by as much as 20 percent. This can particularly affect motorists’ wallets when the average price of petrol stands at 178.93p per litre. With that in mind, car rental experts at StressFreeCarRental.com have provided motorists with eight tricks that can be used to keep the car cool without using air con. A spokesperson for StressFreeCarRental.com said: “Driving in the blazing sun can cause motorists to feel dizzy and ill from heat exhaustion, which in return is dangerous for all the road users. READ MORE: ‘Unforgivable’ Drivers warned of buying fuel from 'Big 4' supermarkets "There are some cost-effective alternatives that help motorists tackle the heat and prevent accidents while they’re out and about on a hot day.” DON'T MISS French driving laws spark fierce debate over petrol and diesel rules [INSIGHT] Drivers face hefty fines and licence points for saying 'thank you' [WARNING] Drivers slam 'draconian' rural speed limit cuts from 60mph to 20mph [REVEAL] The tricks are: Make sure to bring a refreshing cold beverage on the journey to avoid dehydration and store it under the seat to maintain its cool temperature. READ MORE: Top 10 best and worst UK places for free parking - 'Day at the beach' The air blown out will be much cooler, but make there are a few wet rags ready to replace it with as it will dry out quite quickly. Also remember to take them out of the car and wash them afterwards to prevent mildew. Wrap a frozen bottle in a towel and rest it against the seat behind your neck. Once it defrosts, there will be ice cold water to drink and cool off too. There’s nothing worse than getting into a boiling hot car at the end of the day, so be mindful of where the car is left. A portable fan can make all the difference, even on the hottest summer days. These fans are small but mighty when it comes to cooling down while stuck in a hot car. Although cold packs don’t provide a long-term solution, they can be used as a quick relief from the heat. Put on a dashboard cover on the car’s windshield to keep sunlight away from the car’s interior. The heat won't be as overwhelming if there are no hot vinyl surfaces to touch. It’s obviously not a good idea to open windows all the way but leaving just a small crack will promote ventilation and help to keep the car cool.