Brenden Aaronson has taunted Chelsea by claiming you could see who "wanted it more" in Leeds' 3-0 demolition of the Blues. Jesse Marsch's side continued their impressive start to the season with a breathtaking display to blow away the Premier League title hopefuls, who finished the game with 10 men after Kalidou Koulibaly's second yellow card. The USMNT attacker set the tone when he pressed Chelsea goalkeeper Edouard Mendy before tackling the Senegal international and tapping the ball into an empty net. It was soon 2-0 when Rodrigo got on the end of Jack Harrison's excellent in-swinging dead-ball delivery to head home. The relentless Harrison then added gloss to the scoreline with a third goal in the second half after finishing from close range. It's understood in the latter stages of the game, Leeds had run a staggering 11km more than the visitors on a day of reflection for Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel. JUST IN: Chelsea 'want to sign Harry Maguire' in blockbuster Man Utd swap deal Summer signing Aaronson, who ran more than any other player in last season's Champions League group stages, believes Leeds simply wanted it more than Chelsea. "We dreamed about it for a long time. It's a dream come true for me and this club and the progress we've made," he told Sky Sports. "Thanks for this guy [Harrison], he gave a great performance and was also Man of the Match..." He later added on the distance covered statistics: "It kind of just shows you who wants it more at that moment in time... Summer signing Aaronson, who ran more than any other player in last season's Champions League group stages, believes Leeds simply wanted it more than Chelsea. "Thanks for this guy [Harrison], he gave a great performance and was also Man of the Match... Harrison also paid tribute to his fellow forward Aaronson and the excellent game plan of manager Marsch, who instilled belief into Leeds. "The crowd had us pumped up all the time, you could feel it on the field that everyone was dreaming. That's the kind of goals we score." Harrison also paid tribute to his fellow forward Aaronson and the excellent game plan of manager Marsch, who instilled belief into Leeds. The goalscorer said: "Brenden it was a great goal to start us off - so welcome to the Premier League... "I think we conducted a really good tactical plan from Chelsea and right from the start, it was about coming out strong and being ruthless. "Everyone was on the same page and we managed to do that in the first half and set the tone from there. It was a credit to the tactics and the production of the team as well. "We have to replicate this performance every week now, it's difficult to do that but it's something to aim for. It's always motivation for us." Leeds have now taken seven points from their opening three Premier League outings against Wolves, Southampton and Chelsea. As for the Blues, they have put just four points on the board after beating Everton 1-0 and drawing 2-2 with Tottenham last Sunday.