Ellie Gibson, part of the comedian parent duo Scummy Mummies, has had first-hand experience helping her son & parents avoid online scams that almost took £15,000 of their life’s saving. She spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk on how she resolved the issues and helped her parents get their money back. New data from Norton revealed that more younger people below 39 consider themselves the head of IT in their household. Younger parents are now tasked with the job of protecting their elderly parents and children on internet safety. Ellie’s mum, 76, is a retired writer and teacher, and her Dad, 75 is an actor, and works for Scummy Mummies as their roadie. Ellie’s dad got a phone call from what he thought was his bank, to alert him he had been scammed. The scammers contacted him by spoofing the same number that can be found on the back of a credit card. READ MORE: 'Worth a try' Mum shares 'substantial change' that helped save £95 a month on energy bills  “It was very difficult and time-consuming to navigate, and generally a frightening experience for all of us. This was all his life savings, amounting to £15,000. “Initially, the bank told us that he might not be able to get his money back, not to mention that it was unlikely the scammers would be tracked down. “I think it's hard for people to really wrap their heads around how scary and complicated things can get after an experience like this one - until it happens to them. “That's why it's so important to educate yourself and your family about potential risks and how to avoid them.” She explained that the process of communicating with the bank and liaising with the police was very difficult and time-consuming. She and her dad spoke to the bank several times. She emphasised how clever the scammers had been, using the bank’s phone number, and that her dad is less experienced in the world of scams than someone from a different generation might be. She continued: “I was honest about how upsetting the whole situation was for all of us, and how worried I was about what the long-term consequences might be, both with regard to finances and also mental health. “It took about a week of phone calls and sleepless nights before we heard the money was being returned. Ellie offered suggestion on how Britons can stay safe online. She said: “My approach to reducing risk is think before you click. If you receive a text or email, check for any typos in the name, the numbers or email address, and question why you’re being sent the information. “Are you expecting a package? Are you seeing unexplained charges on your credit card or bank statement? “I’d also immediately report a possible scam to Action Fraud, the UK's national reporting centre for fraud and cybercrime.”