Windows 11 users need to urgently download a new update or risk losing crucial data from their machines. Microsoft has recently put on a new warning saying Windows 11 PCs that have the newest supported chips might be susceptible to "data damage". This not only affects Windows 11, which recently celebrated its first birthday, but also the Windows Server 2022 operating system. As Bleeping Computer reported, this week Microsoft issued a notice which revealed: "Windows devices that support the newest Vector Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) (VAES) instruction set might be susceptible to data damage." The Redmond-based tech giant didn't elaborate on what customers affected by this issue should expect, apart from revealing they could be hit by potential data loss. Thankfully though, if you're impacted by this issue there are a few updates you can download right away to resolve this issue. The patches Windows 11 users need to download are the May and June Windows updates that were released on May 24 and June 14. There is one major catch though - Microsoft said AES-based systems might be two times slower after the crucial patches are installed. If you notice your performance take a hit then there are some workarounds once again. Microsoft advised Windows 11 users that see their performance slow down to install the preview updates released on June 23 and July 12. The Windows 10 and 11 makers said once these patches are installed the performance issues should be resolved. In a support document online Microsoft said: "To prevent further data damage, we addressed this issue in the May 24, 2022 preview release and the June 14, 2022 security release. After applying those updates, you might notice slower performance for almost one month after you install them on Windows Server 2022 and Windows 11 (original release). "The scenarios that might have performance degradation include: BitLocker, Transport Layer Security and Disk throughput." "If this affects you, we strongly urge you to install the May 24, 2022 preview release or the June 14, 2022 security release as soon as possible to prevent further damage. Performance will be restored after you install the June 23, 2022 preview release or the July 12, 2022 security release." Chips that could be impacted by this issue include 10th generation Intel chips for laptops as well as 11th and 12th gen core CPUs. AMD's upcoming Zen 4 architecture also supports VAES, but these chips are due out in the autumn - so updates needed to fix the issue would have been around for some time by then.