UPDATE: The team news is in ahead of the huge Chelsea vs Tottenham game in the Premier League today. The Blues start with new signing Raheem Sterling upfront while Tottenham have summer signing Richarlison on the bench.If you want to see how the two teams line up - as well as find out how to watch a Chelsea Tottenham live stream - then you'll find all you need below... Chelsea starting XI: Mendy, James, Silva, Koulibaly, Loftus-Cheek, Kante, Jorginho, Cucurella, Mount, Havertz, Sterling Tottenham starting XI: Lloris, Royal, Romero, Dier, Davies, Sessegnon, Bentancur, Hojbjerg, Kulusevski, Son, Kane ORIGINAL: Chelsea and Tottenham will face a huge test of their title credentials with the sides facing off against one another at Stamford Bridge today. Tottenham have invested well during the summer transfer window which could bring them into the title hunt, while Chelsea have seen last year's big summer signing Romelu Lukaku go out on loan but have brought in big name players such as Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly. If you want to tune into all the action from the 4.30pm kick-off you'll need access to Sky Sports - you can find details on the cheapest ways to watch the Premier League in our guide online or check out some of the best deals below... 1654522 Both Chelsea and Tottenham won their opening games of the season but face an early stern test today in what marks the first Big Six clash of the season. Tottenham have a dreadful record at Stamford Bridge, winning just one out of their last 37 matches on Chelsea's turf - however boss Antonio Conte has transformed Spurs since taking over almost a year ago. Conte - the former Chelsea boss - led Tottenham back into the Champions League last season and has rebuilt well over the summer, adding exciting talents such as Richarlison and Yves Bissouma to his squad. Chelsea, meanwhile, suffered a disappointing season last year after being picked by some pundits as title favourites following their Champions League triumph and the signing of Lukaku. This summer Lukaku has gone back to Inter on loan while the Blues have brought in Sterling, Koulibaly and are rumoured to be trying to secure a deal for Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang. You can tune in and watch coverage of Chelsea vs Tottenham on Sky Sports Premier League and Sky Sports Main Event from 4pm, with kick-off at 4.30pm. If you've got Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £18 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription. Alternatively, you can sign up to get Sky Glass who are offering half price Sky Sports membership for 18 months - dropping the price of the add-on from £25 a month to £12.50 a month. If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99, but for a limited time only this price has dropped to £25 a month (but you'll need to sign up for 12 months). While a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below...