BT Sport presenter Lynsey Hipgrave joked that she was 'blanked' by Cristiano Ronaldo as he greeted pundits Rio Ferdinand, Paul Scholes and Peter Crouch before Manchester United's match against Southampton on Saturday afternoon. Ronaldo made headlines earlier this week for refusing to engage with Jamie Carragher during the build-up to United's impressive win over Liverpool after being named as a substitute by Erik ten Hag. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner ignored Carragher's presence on the touchline as he spoke to Roy Keane and Gary Neville five days ago before choosing to say hello to Ferdinand, Scholes and Crouch in the lead-up to Saturday's clash with Southampton. However, Ronaldo did not reserve a greeting for Hipgrave, who jokingly claimed that she was the latest person after Carragher to have snubbed by the United man before a match. "I was the one being blanked this time, which I wasn't too happy about it," said Hipgrave. Ronaldo was also spotted squirting water from a bottle onto Ferdinand's shoes before kick-off at St Mary's Stadium in another light-hearted exchange, although the latter went on to suggest that the United man's jovial mood could have been a front to mask his fury over his continued exclusion from Ten Hag's starting side. JUST IN: Man Utd: Erik ten Hag wants Gary Cotterill talks as Sky row escalates "He'll be fuming, 100 per cent," said Ferdinand. "We've all worked with superstars and we were talking about it before, we've seen players dropped before and they don't understand. "They have total belief in who they are, what they are and what they bring to the table. He won’t be looking at the negatives that people are bringing out, he’ll be thinking: ‘I bring goals to the table, I bring winning mentality, why aren’t I playing?’. "Some people will say you’re only thinking about yourself, and that’s selfish but that’s what gets these players to the top." Ronaldo was selected to start by Ten Hag in United's early defeats at the hands of Brighton and Brentford but was dropped to the bench for Monday's visit of Liverpool before missing out again for the trip to Southampton. It remains to be seen whether Ronaldo will be able to earn back his place in the United side in the near future, with the Portuguese forward still believed to be seeking a way out of Old Trafford ahead of Thursday's transfer deadline. Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt.