Barts Health NHS Trust said it would make no changes to the 12-year-old’s care “until the outstanding legal issues are resolved”. The youngster has been in a coma since he was found unconscious at home in April and his doctors believe he is brain-stem dead. But Archie’s parents Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee have begged for him to be given more time to recover. Speaking outside the hospital, Ms Dance said they were awaiting a response from the ECHR. She said: “I am hoping that they will step in and give Archie a right to live. I think that he deserves that.” Ms Dance said doctors in Japan and Italy had contacted the family to offer treatment and had “high success rates.” She added: “If this country can’t treat him or they’re not willing to treat him, where is the harm in allowing him to go to another country?” In a statement, the ECHR said it has received an application for interim measures and that it was being processed. The latest legal application comes after both the Court of Appeal and Supreme Court refused to delay the withdrawal of life support. Archie’s exhausted mum said she was “running on empty” but would continue to fight “for the right for my son to live.” She said: “I promised Arch, same with his dad, that we will fight ‘til the bitter end, and that’s exactly what we’re going to do. “It really is a case of me and Archie, and obviously Archie’s family, up against the whole system.” The family has asked that Archie be moved to a hospice if his life support is to be withdrawn. But Ms Dance said the hospital had refused this request. She said: “The courts are going on and really focusing in on the word dignity. “What is dignified in dying in a busy hospital room full of noise with the door open, people coming in and out continuously, when Archie could be in a very peaceful garden with squirrels and wildlife running around to have his life support withdrawn there?” Ms Dance added: “I’m not going to lie, I am broke, and at some point, I am going to need serious therapy, but I haven’t got time to think about me at the minute." “This is a serious fight for my son’s life and I’m up against the biggest system and a trust that I haven’t got time to break down at the moment.” Yesterday (Wednesday) morning, Alistair Chesser, chief medical officer for Barts Health NHS Trust, said: “Our deepest sympathies remain with Archie’s family and we aim to provide the best possible support to everyone at this difficult time. “As directed by the courts, we will work with the family to prepare for the withdrawal of treatment, but we will make no changes to Archie’s care until the outstanding legal issues are resolved.”