Liverpool moving for Matheus Nunes would require approval from their manager Jurgen Klopp and their sporting director Julian Ward - making a swoop unlikely despite reports. The Portugal midfielder has been linked with a mega-money move to Anfield this summer. Liverpool began their new Premier League campaign in disappointing fashion on Saturday as they stuttered to a 2-2 draw against last season’s Championship winners Fulham. And they were dealt a huge blow when influential midfielder Thiago was forced off during the early stages of the second period with an injury. The Reds, who bolstered their squad earlier this summer when they signed forward Darwin Nunez, winger Fabio Carvalho and right-back Calvin Ramsay, are already without Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Curtis Jones. And they have been tipped to return to the transfer market once again to assuage their midfield concerns. According to Portuguese publication Correio da Manha, Liverpool are preparing a £42million bid for Nunes following his excellent performance against Braga in his side’s opening league game of the campaign at the weekend. JUST IN: Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 stars But those reports have not been followed up elsewhere. And were Liverpool even thinking about a move, Klopp and Ward would both need to give the thumbs up to bringing in another new face, according to The Athletic. Klopp has already repeatedly made clear he is happy with his options in midfield. The Merseyside giants retain a strong interest in Borussia Dortmund ace Jude Bellingham, but with the view to bringing him to Anfield in 2023 when some players are out of contract. The German club are unwilling to sell the 19-year-old this summer and it seems Klopp and Ward will look to solve their midfield issues within the squad rather than splashing the cash.   Nunes has racked up 100 appearances for Sporting since joining the club from Estoril Praia three-and-a-half years ago and has been a star player over the last two seasons. During the last campaign, the ace played 33 times in the league and started six of his team’s Champions League matches as they reached the last 16 before succumbing to Manchester City. Nunes was also handed his Portugal debut last October when they defeated Word Cup hosts Qatar in a friendly. And he’s gone on to win a total of eight caps for his country. If Liverpool do decide that Nunes is the man for them, they will face a battle with Wolves for his signature. The Black Country club reportedly already have an agreement with Sporting over a transfer fee. So, either way, Nunes could soon be set to embark on a career in the Premier League. 