When it comes to selling a property, homeowners want to get the best price possible for their home. In order to get this, an expert has shared the smart changes they can make in order to make it more appealing as well as adding value. Terry Fisher from We Buy Any Home explained: “Often homeowners will carry out big, costly jobs to get their house ready for the market, but they won’t always be able to recoup that money when it comes to selling. “If you are looking for quick ways to make your home stand out from the crowds, it can be as simple as carrying out some easy upgrades.” The expert explained that the most obvious way to upgrade your home is to spruce up rooms with a fresh lick of paint. Terry said: “Having a home that looks rundown can easily put off potential buyers. A fresh coat of paint can make a huge difference. “I would always recommend going for a light colour to make your room appear bigger, and picking a neutral shade that will appeal to most tastes. You can pick up a tub of matt emulsion from around £20.” READ MORE: Free and natural product 'really works' to deter spiders Most potential buyers look for bright and airy rooms when it comes to looking around homes on the market. This is why it is important to use clever lighting to make even the smallest of rooms appear bigger. The expert said: “Lighting has a huge impact on the look and feel of a room. If you have small rooms consider a new floor lamp, which can cost around £50. “Just make sure the lamp faces upwards, and not down, as we want to get as much light in the room as possible. DON'T MISS:‘Five common mistakes’ Britons make when selling their home [COMMENT]I tried a ‘100% streak-free’ stainless steel spray - here’s the result [PICTURES]Home updates to ‘add thousands’ to your house price [EXPERT] “A pair of light-coloured, unlined curtains can set you back as little as £20 and are likely to make a room feel much bigger. Don’t forget the basics too, such as cleaning your windows.” Decluttering can also help to make a room appear bigger as well as buyers being more attracted to the home. Terry added: “Many of us will admit to having things lying around that we don’t need or want anymore. “By having a clear out you can make a room look cleaner, tidier, and create the illusion of more space. READ MORE: ‘Easy way’ to clean a stained toilet properly in 15 minutes Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “You could even list your unwanted belongings on second-hand websites to bring in a bit of extra cash.” The kitchen is also another area of the home Britons can focus on when wanting to add value to their homes. According to the expert, homeowners don’t need to spend a fortune to make it look like new. Small jobs such as replacing or repairing the cupboard doors can “instantly” transform the space. The expert said: “Two litres of kitchen cabinet paint will cost around £25 and can make a massive difference. It’s a lot cheaper than buying a whole new kitchen, which a new buyer might want to replace anyway. “The internet is full of videos showing you how you can do these jobs yourself, you just need time and a bit of patience.” Like the kitchen, a bathroom is also another important room in the home, but can be incredibly expensive to replace. Instead, homeowners can consider replacing mouldy sealant and re-grouting tiles to give it a clean and fresh look. Terry added: “If your room feels small, swap a single pendant light for a multi-lamp ceiling light instead, which can be picked up from a home store for as little as £30.” When it comes to viewing a home, kerb appeal often has a huge impact on potential buyers. This means the entryway of a home can make or break a sale. Terry recommended painting your front door or adding a new door mat. He added: “You can also pick up some inexpensive plants in tubs for the front of your home which can cost as little as £30. “The idea is to make your home look appealing and welcoming from the start. It’s also a good idea to make sure your front garden is free of weeds and looks tidy, which costs nothing.”