Current RAC fuel watch data shows that drivers will pay an average cost of 179.8p per litre for standard petrol and 190.01p for a litre of diesel. Even though fuel prices have fallen in recent weeks, prices of super unleaded still remain high at an average of 192.79p per litre. If a driver were to fill up an average 55-litre tank with super unleaded every week for a year, they would face costs of around £5,513. In comparison, at the current price of petrol, drivers filling up with unleaded would spend just £5,142. This represents a saving of £371 per year, or £7 every week. While most drivers will not need to fill up a full tank of petrol every week, the price difference is clear, with experts calling on drivers to avoid premium fuels if they don’t give any benefit to the vehicle. READ MORE: Morrisons slashes petrol and diesel prices at all UK fuel stations Tom Hixon, Head of Instructor Support at Bill Plant Driving School, called on drivers to consider whether they really need to fill up with premium fuel. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “With the cost of living seeing no signs of improving any time soon, people across the country are doing all they can to cut costs where possible and with fuel prices hitting an all-time high, our vehicles can have a big impact on our finances. “For most people, driving is a part of everyday life and is essential for commuting to work, taking the children to school and attending appointments. “As fuel prices continue to rise, these everyday tasks we once took for granted are having to be more carefully considered. DON'T MISSAngry driver slams 'inconsiderate' motorist for parking over two bays [SHOCKING]British expats in Spain given major update after driving licence ban [INSIGHT]'Absolutely crucial!': Hypermiling tips can help drivers slash costs [IMPORTANT] “With this in mind, it’s important motorists are aware of the steps they can take to reduce the amount they’re spending on fuel.” According to Which?, drivers are “unlikely” to detect any benefits from using premium fuels when they fill up. This is unless they drive a high-performance or imported car that specifically requires a higher octane rating than standard unleaded. Most car engines are optimised to work with standard fuel, 95 RON octane, so using enhanced fuel which can reach as high as 104 RON octane will have little to no benefits. Mr Hixon added: “For some motorists, they prefer to opt for premium unleaded over the standard fuel, which is advised if you drive a high-performance vehicle. “In most cases though, opting for premium fuel doesn’t have any additional benefits and can cost up to 15p a litre more on average. “So it may be wise to opt for the standard fuel in future.” Many different supermarkets and other major retailers will have their own branded version of premium fuels. The price of super unleaded fuel will always be higher given the higher levels of performance additives and a higher octane rating. There is no harm in using super unleaded fuel in a regular car, but drivers will most likely not recognise any major differences. Some super unleaded fuel types claim to boost fuel economy and the overall performance of the car. However, Which? argues that because they are typically between 10p and 15p more expensive per litre, drivers can see greater benefits by using other techniques. This could include adopting a gentler driving style, anticipating the road ahead or even driving less.