Benjamin Sesko is ‘leaning towards accepting an offer to leave Red Bull Salzburg’ amid strong interest from Manchester United, according to reports. Erik ten Hag wants a new forward to arrive at Old Trafford by the time the summer transfer window shuts on September 1. And it’s the 19-year-old who is in the Dutchman’s sights having impressed during his time in Austria so far. Manchester United want a new forward to replace Edinson Cavani, while Mason Greenwood’s long-term future at the club remains shrouded in uncertainty. And links to Sesko have intensified in recent days, particularly after the teenager recently scored the winner in a 1-0 victory over Liverpool in pre-season. United chief John Murtough has been working on a deal for the teenager, having recently sat down for talks with Sesko’s representatives. There have been conflicting reports over his future, with some saying the Slovenian would prefer to stay at Salzburg for another year to continue his development. Now, though, Sportklub claim Sesko is ‘leaning towards’ accepting an offer to leave his current side behind. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative This, it’s claimed, is at a time where the youngster has an offer to join United on the table. Salzburg, publicly, have claimed he’s not for sale. Sporting director Christoph Freund recently said: “He’ll stay with us for sure. We’re the perfect club for him at the moment.” But this, the publication claims, is merely Salzburg playing a game behind the scenes. The Austrian side reportedly are putting pressure on Sesko to make a decision on his future, while also trying to raise the striker’s asking price. They do, though, think they can earn even more from any potential sale next summer instead. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join Yet United aren’t the only team interested in Sesko, who scored five goals and registered one assist from 24 Austrian Bundesliga matches last term. Chelsea are also in the mix for the Salzburg star, especially following the departure of Romelu Lukaku to Inter Milan. Real Madrid are eyeing Sesko to be a deputy for Karim Benzema, having already missed out on a deal for Gabriel Jesus to Arsenal. RB Leipzig are in the frame to land the teenager, with their good relationship with Salzburg boosting their own chances of landing the player. And a few other clubs are also contenders to acquire Sesko, too. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Another forward United have been eyeing is Antony, who previously sparkled under Ten Hag at Ajax. But the Eredivisie giants won’t let their prized asset go for anything less than £80million, having already seen the likes of Lisandro Martinez, Ryan Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui leave. Meanwhile, speaking ahead of United’s Premier League opener with Brighton on Sunday, Gary Neville expressed a belief his old side will finish sixth this term. "I don’t think United with their current squad will finish fourth," he said, before predicting a sixth-placed finish. And he then added: "But if they bring [Frenkie] De Jong and a striker in it’s a different story." Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. On the game with Brighton, Neville also thinks United can expect a tough afternoon at the office. They were beaten 4-0 by Graham Potter’s side back in April, when they were managed by Ralf Rangnick. And Neville said: "I don’t know what will happen Sunday. "I liked what I saw pre-season, but Brighton at Old Trafford will be tough." United beat Leeds on the opening day of last season, with Bruno Fernandes netting a hat-trick in a stirring 5-1 win. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here