Canelo Alvarez is still interested in a cruiserweight ‘freak fight’ with unified heavyweight champion Oleksandr Usyk. Despite being three weight classes apart, the Mexican is up for the challenge as he continues to push for legacy-defining nights. Canelo previously stated that he would up for facing the Ukrainian if they both agreed to weigh no more than 201lb. Doubling down on those comments, he told assembled media at the open workout for his September 17 trilogy bout with Gennady Golovkin: “It’s difficult, but I don’t care. I like that kind of challenge. It’s gonna be difficult, I know, but I love boxing. I love being in that kind of situation.” Before his last fight with Dmitry Bivol, the undisputed super-middleweight champion had expressed interest in a cruiserweight contest against WBC champion Ilunga Makabu. The contest looked set to take place around May or June 2021 after WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman unanimously approved the request but instead, Canelo chose to face Bivol for his WBA (super) light-heavyweight strap. Canelo went on to lose a dominant twelve-round decision against his Russian foe in his second outing at the weight. But regardless of Canelo’s clear issues with overcoming the size and strength of the 175lb champion he has not ruled out moving up to a career-heaviest weight class. Usyk didn’t seem particularly interested in the bout but would be open to such a fight if the money is right. Speaking about the possibility during a recent interview with Parimatch, he said: "To fight Canelo Alvarez, I would have to lose 12kg. "It will be a freak fight. I think firstly I need to do what I have in mind in the heavyweight division, and then maybe arrange such a fight. But the fight with Canelo Alvarez potentially involves big money, so I’m not ruling out the possibility that it will happen." MORE BOXING NEWS... Tyson Fury accused of 'copying' Oleksandr Usyk and facing 'plodders' Chisora confronts Eubank Jr promoter over 'unfair' results on AJ card Joshua coach Garcia clarifies 'trashing' AJ after Usyk loss Before any such fight is made, however, both men will have to deal with their next opponents first. Canelo faces long-time rival Golovkin for a third time in a defence of his 168lb belts. While Usyk is reportedly in talks to square off with Tyson Fury in the first undisputed heavyweight unification clash of the four-belt era. In an era of YouTube boxing, exhibition bouts and cross-over contests, don’t be surprised if this fight gains some momentum down the line. Keep an eye on Canelo vs Usyk.