As writers and politicians joined a growing chorus of outrage, Harry Potter writer JK Rowling received a death threat yesterday from an Islamic extremist, who chillingly told her "you are next". Author Sir Salman, 75, remains on a ventilator, cannot speak and may lose an eye.  His alleged attacker, Hadi Matar, 24, was remanded in custody last night without bail after being charged with attempted murder and assault at the New York literary event. Literary agent Andrew Wylie said Sir Salman, who was airlifted to hospital in Erie, Pennsylvania, said: "Salman will likely lose one eye, the nerves in his arm are severed, his liver was stabbed and damaged." US-born Matar, who has Lebanese parents, is reportedly a supporter of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard and the Iran-backed Lebanese terror group Hezbollah. The Satanic Verses author was on stage at the Chautauqua Institution, near Buffalo, in New York State, for a lecture on artistic free expression when Matar stabbed him "10 or 15 times" in the neck and abdomen. Blood spattered the stage seconds after Matar - clad in black and wearing a black mask - rushed at Rushdie. Following the stabbing on Friday, many influential figures rallied to defend the freedom of expression championed by Indian-born British writer Sir Salman, including JK Rowling. She tweeted: "Horrifying news. Feeling very sick right now. Let him be OK." But shortly afterwards, Rowling, right, got a reply from an Iranian-supporting extremist thought to be based in Karachi, Pakistan, which read: "Don't worry you are next." Later, Rowling told her fans: "To all sending supportive messages: thank you. Police are involved (were already involved on other threats)."  Meanwhile, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said: "The cowardly attack on Salman Rushdie is a strike on the freedom of expression that our world relies on. "No one should be threatened or harmed on the basis of what they have written. I'm wishing him a speedy recovery." Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer added: "Salman Rushdie has long embodied the struggle for liberty and freedom against those who seek to destroy them. "This cowardly attack on him is an attack on those values." Sir Salman's fellow Booker Prize winner Ian McEwan said: "This appalling attack on my dear friend represents an assault on freedom of thought and speech. "These are the freedoms that underpin all our rights and liberties. "Salman has been an inspirational defender of persecuted writers and journalists... "He is a fiery and generous spirit, a man of immense talent and courage and he will not be deterred." Author Neil Gaiman said: "I'm shocked and distressed. He is a good man and a brilliant one and I hope he's OK." Horror writer Stephen King added: "I hope Salman Rushdie is OK.What kind of ***** stabs a writer, anyway? ******!"  Journalist and author of Empireland Sathnam Sanghera said: "Lots of British Asian writers wouldn't be writers without him. Pray he's well." Sir Salman's friend Baroness Frances D'Souza told Radio 4's Today show: "No one anywhere should ever, ever, be threatened with death for writing a novel. "There are other instances around the world - especially, say, in India - where people are threatened with death because they have written something. "It is a very sad end to this that we have it almost as a norm that if you offend a certain sector of a religious minority or majority your life is in danger. "That is medieval." Nick Barley, director of Edinburgh's International Book Festival, declared "we won't be intimidated by those who would use violence rather than words". He added: "We are inviting all authors in the adult programme to read a sentence from one of Salman's books at the beginning of their book festival events." Comedian David Baddiel said: "It's appalling what has happened to Salman Rushdie. "It's also appalling that there are people who will think he brought it on himself or somehow deserved it." Rita Katz, director of Site Intelligence Group, which monitors Islamic extremists, said that many have been hailing Matar as a "hero" and "mujahid".  While the Iranian regime has not publicly commented on Rushdie's attack, hardline media outlets and state proxies last night praised Matar's actions. Fars News, a regime-owned outlet, also called Sir Salman an "apostate", while The Khorasan carried the headline: "Satan on the way to hell". But the clarion call was led by ultra-conservative newspaper Kayhan, whose chief Hossein Shariatmadari is close to Iran's current Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomenei. Its editorial read: "A thousand bravos to this courageous and duty-conscious man who attacked the apostate and depraved Salman Rushdie in New York. "Let us kiss the hands of the one who tore the neck of the enemy of God with a knife." Sir Salman, who was knighted by the Queen in 2007 for services to literature, has previously been president of PEN America, which protects free expression and speech. He has lived in the US since 2000 - and just weeks ago he told a German magazine his life was now "relatively normal". 