The Arsenal manager spoke about the powerful moment on BBC Breakfast ahead of the release of the documentary series on Thursday. Mikel Arteta admitted his admission featured in the All or Nothing trailer was not “planned” and came after Arsenal had lost their opening three Premier League games last season. Mikel began: "I never opened up like this to anyone. "I think 90 percent of the boys or staff wouldn't know about that issue. But it's how I felt just before that moment, it's nothing that I planned." The Arsenal manager revealed his parents “didn’t know” what would happen after the surgery. He continued: “I was born with a big heart issue that they could not resolve until I was two years old because I was too little. Read more: Strictly will hit the dance floor with tribute to 100 years with BBC! "They had to open my heart and go through it. It was one of the first surgeries that was done in that way in Spain, so we didn't know how it was going to end up. "I was a really lively kid, the doctor was telling my father and mother that he needs to calm down, that he's not going to be able to do much exercise with that problem. “Slowly, I managed to go through every stage. I was safe, I was feeling good and I managed to be a professional footballer.” The BBC journalist asked Mikel if his surgery shaped him as a child. “I think it did in a way,” the football boss replied. "When I was younger, I was told you cannot do that, you cannot expose yourself so much, we cannot take you to the limit of your heart capacity. "I was always pushing myself to the limit. "The support from my parents was great and then they had the courage to look for the best possible specialist - and those specialists always had the courage to push those barriers a little bit further because they could see how important it was for me." DON'T MISSStrictly's Vincent Simone left Camilla 'blushing' after royal meeting [INSIGHT]Bruno Tonioli admits Strictly Come Dancing return is 'impossible' [INTERVIEW]Meghan Markle left ‘disappointed’ by Strictly Come Dancing snub [INSIGHT] In the trailer, the football manager opened up to his players in a team talk. Mikel made the admission while giving his full support to his players after a slow start to the season. He said: “In many industries, there are high-performance teams. "These teams are called this because they all have something in common, they get results. “When I was born, I was born with a big heart disease and for two years they had to try and save my life.” “I had the opportunity to have the first open surgery in Spain,” he continued. "A high-performance team is not just a football team or a basketball team. For example, it can be an emergency team – for example, the ones that work in hospitals. “These teams have to be surrounded by people that are very special, they are willing to work 100 per cent. “They do it for one reason because they love what they do. That is their drive, that is their purpose." All or Nothing: Arsenal episodes 1-3 launch on Thursday 4th August on Prime Video. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.