Families who are staying in the UK for the summer holidays will be able to enjoy tropical conditions from tomorrow, August 9, as heat begins to build. This weather is set to last until at least Sunday, August 14 with top temperatures peaking at 36C inland by either Thursday or Friday this week. The cost of living has hit the pockets of most people, and those who are struggling to find free activities to entertain the children may be planning a trip to the beach. Some of the most popular beach destinations in the UK are Brighton, Eastbourne, Bournemouth, Margate, Newquay, Blackpool, Southend-on-Sea, Torquay, Bridlington, Skegness and Great Yarmouth. Despite thermometers due to hit mid to late 30C temperatures, coastal areas should shave off anything from five degrees due to the sea breeze coming off the shorelines. Brighton and Hove, however, will still see sweltering temperatures of 31C across Friday and Saturday. In Eastbourne it is Thursday and Friday where visitors and residents will feel highs of 26C. In Bournemouth highs of 27C will be felt for the same time period In the far southeast Margate will be considerably cooler with the mercury peaking at 24C over the weekend. In the south west, where beaches such as Torquay and Newquay are based, 24C temperatures will be hit on Thursday before dropping at least two to three degrees for the remainder of the week. Looking towards the north of the country, in areas such as Blackpool, Bridlington and Skegness thermometers will sit around the early 20s. Skegness will see highs of 22C by the weekend, while Bridlington will peak at two degrees less. READ MORE: Rain to lash Britain for EIGHT DAYS straight in August - new maps In Blackpool the weekend will also peak at 25C over both days. These areas are set to be rife with visitors this week especially as everyone heads outside to enjoy the heat responsibly. Met Office chief forecaster Steve Willington said: “We could see parts of the UK entering heatwave conditions if the above-average temperatures last for three days or more. “Many areas of the UK, especially the south will witness temperatures several degrees higher than average, but these values are likely to be well below the record-breaking temperatures we saw in mid-July. “As the high pressure builds there is very little meaningful rain in the forecast, especially in those areas in the south of England, which experienced very dry conditions last month. DON'T MISSNicola Sturgeon slammed as 'attention seeker' as Brits back Truss [REVEAL]Jacob Rees-Mogg answers YOUR questions on Brexit, Boris and more [REACT]Liz Truss could be a TRULY visionary PM for Britain [INSIGHT]   “Elsewhere in the UK, such as in northern England, Scotland and Northern Ireland, rain-bearing weather fronts will make limited headway against the high pressure, bringing some rain to north-western parts of the UK.” One meteorological model, WX Charts, is predicting sporadic showers will start to move in across various parts of the country by August 22 - meaning such temperatures should only last a matter of days. The Met Office has also warned more “changeable” conditions are to be expected after this latest heat burst.