When you think of popular TV services the first things that probably spring to mind are Sky and Freeview. However, users of these telly-viewing platforms might want to take a look at what BT has just announced. Although this firm is famed for its broadband, the telecoms company also supplies TV to homes and a new deal has just made watching premium content a whole lot cheaper. BT says that all new and existing customers who switch to its TV service can take advantage of a massive discount which offers the full Entertainment package for just £9 per month - that's almost half the usual price. To make things even more enticing this bundle includes full Netflix access and NOW Entertainment which features channels such as Sky Atlantic, Sky Max and Sky Witness. Those who join will also get BT's rival to Sky Q with the firm's set-top box offering the ability to pause live telly and record 600 hours of content. There's also the option to beam things to the big screen in full 4K HDR quality. The only thing that you need to be aware of is that deal is only open to those who have or join BT's broadband. If that's all good then prices for the BT TV package and full internet access start from £34.99 per month which is pretty good value. Sky's cheapest TV and broadband bundle costs £30 and doesn't include any premium channels or Netflix access. You can find full details about BT's TV deal here. If you're not bothered about premium telly and are happy with Freeview, then another deal is worth checking out. Sky has just announced that it's offering free broadband to customers. The deal includes 60Mbps speeds with those signing up not paying a penny for the first three months. Full details about Sky's free broadband here. “At Sky Broadband we're committed to offering great value, while keeping you connected to the things you love," said Aman Bhatti, Director of Propositions. "Our summer of free broadband will help to save our customers money, whilst also making sure our broadband works harder, with our new Wall to Wall Wi-Fi guarantee. We know this is a difficult time for households and these changes are just the first step in supporting our customers at this time."