Meghan Markle was an official member of the Royal Family for less than two years, before her and Prince Harry's royal exit in early 2020. Prior to royal life, the Duchess of Sussex was an actress and was earlier dubbed as an "independent career woman". According to royal commentator, and feature writer for Majesty magazine, Caroline Aston, Meghan "missed out" on having success within the Royal Family due to her bid to "hit the ground running" as soon as she joined the family. Speaking on GB News Ms Aston said: "We should have been looking at what Meghan bought to the equation. "Not concentrating on that [the negatives]." Ms Aston added: "Looking at the very positive elements. "She's sassy, she's bright, she's plucky, she's feisty. READ MORE: Meghan hit by another shock claim: Duchess struggled in wedding dress 'after being rude' "After all you don't get a role in a very successful TV series, like Suits,  by being a shrinking violet. "Guts, grit, buy maybe just a little too anxious to hit the ground running and become a proto Princess Diana." She continued: "I think some of the behaviour, the critiques made, for example of American politics. "I rest my case for the moment." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry's Netflix nightmare as William faces 'intense battle' Before she into the Royal Family, the 40-year-old Californian was an outspoken celebrity who had gotten her big break in Hollywood in the legal drama Suits. It is understood that, following her seven years on Suits, Meghan wanted to focus more of her attention on her philanthropic efforts. She reportedly saw entering the Royal Family as an “exciting” opportunity to reach more people. DON'T MISS Princess Charlotte is adorable in latest video with Prince William [VIDEO]Charles 'iced' Harry after Duke of Sussex 'refused' to discuss memoir [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Charlotte's close bond with proud dad Prince William [ANALYSIS] During her and Harry’s engagement interview in 2017, Meghan was asked what she wanted to do with the "bigger platform" she would have as a member of the Royal Family. She responded that she "can focus even more energy on" causes that are important to her. Since her departure from the Royal Family in 2020, the Duchess of Sussex has openly discussed her support for Joe Biden in the run-up to the presidential elections in 2020 as well as against the Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v Wade earlier this year. She also lobbied US politicians in favour of equal paid leave for workers across the United States. READ NEXT: