Molly's hair was matted and the tumour impeded her ability to walk. Luckily for the 14-year-old, a member of the public found her while driving near the Adrian Flux arena in King's Lynn, Norfolk, in February this year. They picked her up and took her to a nearby vet who contacted the RSPCA, reports Norfolk Live. Molly's fur was full of matts from head to toe, she was lethargic and unable to stand for very long. The matting was around her ears, chest and legs and had to be pulled back so that she could see. It was clear that she was also very dirty and unwashed. She also had a large mango-sized mammary tumour hanging from her belly which made it difficult for her to walk. She was incredibly thin and her ribs could be felt as she weighed around 6.8kg.  The vets had clipped her coat, done blood tests and had taken radiographs of her chest to rule out the possibility that it had spread to her lungs. The skin on the mass was covered in ulcears, and the poorly pup also suffered severe dental disease. Molly was cared for at the RSPCA Block Fen Animal Centre in Cambridgeshire and her mass was successfully removed following surgery. Molly had been microchipped and Inspector Jon Knight had been following up on a number of leads, but the person responsible was not found. Molly has since found her forever home where she can enjoy her retirement years. New data from the RSPCA has revealed an increase in dogs being victims of cruelty since the start of the pandemic, with the RSPCA receiving 10 reports an hour. New figures released as part of the animal welfare charity’s Cancel Out Cruelty campaign show that despite being man’s best friend there were 44,427 reports of dog cruelty made to the RSPCA involving 92,244 dogs last year. In Norfolk, there were 689 reports of dog cruelty during this period to the RSPCA. Of these 110 were classed as intentional harm. With more people becoming dog owners during lockdown the charity is concerned the number of cruelty incidents involving canines will increase - particularly in the summer when it traditionally sees a surge in calls to its cruelty line. There are now an estimated 13 million dog owners in the UK, according to the Pet Food Manufacturing report, up from 12.5 million the year before (2021) and from 9 million in 2020 - with lockdown causing an unprecedented surge in demand. RSPCA dog welfare expert Dr Samantha Gaines said: "Every year, we see many dogs coming into our care bearing the physical and mental scars that were inflicted at the hands of the very people who were meant to keep them safe and love them unconditionally. "We are supposed to be a nation of animal lovers and dogs are ‘man’s best friend’ as the saying goes but in reality we receive many cruelty reports every day about dogs who have suffered the most unimaginable cruelty and a 16% increase of dogs being cruelly treated in a year is really concerning. "Our officers have dealt with all sorts of horrific incidents including dogs repeatedly beaten, stabbed, burned, drowned, poisoned, some have been left to die from starvation. "With the public’s help in reporting cruelty they have been able to save many dogs from ongoing abuse. "Sadly though in some cases others have died at the hands of their tormentors and it is then our job to try and bring some justice for the victim. "During the summer we see a rise in cruelty and this year as we have seen such a massive increase in dog ownership since lockdown we are bracing ourselves for even more reports. "We believe there are a number of factors which mean summer is our busiest time. "Perhaps there is boredom or pressures at home with children being off school which can make existing difficulties magnified. "This year the cost of living crisis has added a further dimension and we believe we could see people really struggling to care for their pets which may lead them to lash out or could see more animals than ever being abandoned or given up. "All these factors mean that we need the public's support more than ever to help Cancel Out Cruelty. "As a charity, we are bracing to tackle a summer of suffering but we cannot do this without your help and we rely on public support to carry on our rescue, rehabilitation and rehoming work."