With the UK temperatures expected to soar well above 30 degrees this week, drivers are being warned that leaving cars in direct sunlight can increase fuel consumption. This is because vehicles that get extremely hot will require more ventilation using air con and will therefore burn more fuel. Every motorist knows the pain of leaving their vehicle in direct sunlight and later coming back to it. The heat, especially in the summer, can be very intense. However, drivers have now been told that this can be avoided by parking in the shade. Parking in the shade can also have a fuel-saving effect, as car owners will not have to instantly turn the air con on. READ MORE: ‘Unforgivable’ Drivers warned of buying fuel from 'Big 4' supermarkets According to Karl Dyson, editor and founder of hypermiler.co.uk, motorists can, therefore, save a considerable amount of money by parking in well-shaded places. Many motorists will be aware that using air con to cool the car down can waste a lot of fuel. Using air con in a very hot car could increase fuel use by up to 10 percent as the engine will have to work harder. Mr Dyson added that when travelling slower than 40mph it’s more efficient to have the windows open. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of one button as it boosts 'fuel consumption by 20%' [WARNING] Drivers face £5,000 fines and penalty points for wearing clothes [INSIGHT] French driving laws spark fierce debate over petrol and diesel rules [REVEAL] The heat, especially in the summer, can be very intense.  However, if the speed exceeds 40mph it is better to have the air con on. Mr Dyson said: “When people are faced with rising costs of electricity and gas, they need to reassess their relationship with how and when they use cars. "In the hypermiling community you do everything you can to not use the car in the first place. “The easiest way to save 100 percent of your fuel is to not use any fuel in the first place." READ MORE: Drivers slam 'draconian' rural speed limit cuts from 60mph to 20mph A survey of 2,000 motorists, carried out by OnePoll, found if the cost of fuel approached £2 most Brits would consider changing the way they drive. Nearly a quarter said that if both petrol and diesel hit that mark they would seriously consider a change. Four in 10 also said they would support a drop in the speed limit, from 70mph to 60mph, as a way to save fuel. However, Mr Dyson warned that drivers should be careful when practicing fuel-saving techniques. The expert said: “People shouldn’t put themselves at risk when hypermiling. “It should be done safely within the road conditions and should be a safer way of driving as you’re aware of road and traffic conditions and using them to your advantage. "The key is being sensible, for a lot of people hypermiling should just be common sense and a lot of people do it already without knowing – treating every drop of fuel like it’s your last is a great way of really focussing on keeping efficient."