The National Association of Environmental Health Companies, Anecpla, has issued a warning due to the massive surge in holiday bookings following the coronavirus pandemic. The general director of Anecpla, Jorge Galván, explained: "We are concerned about the impact of the reactivation of tourism on a plague closely associated with the hotel sector and tourist homes: the bed bug. "This parasitic insect between 5mm and 6mm in length usually nests in beds, the folds of sheets, furniture or armchairs and feeds mainly on human blood. "Its bite causes discomfort and even various allergic reactions, insomnia or stress. "Due to their tiny size, they often stow away between clothes or suitcases, causing new infestations in homes, hotels or apartments. READ MORE: Britons should use 'shampoo bottle' to avoid being robbed on holiday  "And no accommodation, no matter how many stars it accumulates, is free from the presence of these uncomfortable parasites." In recent years, the bed bug population has increased by more than 500 percent in Spain. Mr Galván continued: "This is undoubtedly a very serious emerging public health problem that we at Anecpla believe is important to transcend the private sphere and be addressed at an institutional level. "Otherwise, we run the risk of it becoming chronic, with all the implications that this may have."  The association is also warning of the presence of a new species of tropical bed bug with a potential risk of transmitting diseases in Spain. The new species is called Cimex hemipterus and is native to Asia but in recent years has been colonising Australia, the United States and Europe. Anecpla warned: "This is a species that is highly resistant to conventional insecticides whose use, on the other hand, is totally discouraged by experts, since they not only solve the problem, but what they do is spread the plague to nearby spaces." The health association also warned the situation could get worse over the summer "due both to the appearance of new species like this one and to the chronification of contributing factors in its spread," like the number of people and the increase in temperatures. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ‘life-changing’ packing tip They added: "We urge a necessary collaboration between the sector and public administrations to carry out a more rigorous control of this issue. "Until now, Chagas disease -a fatal disease endemic to Central and South America- has been the only one proven to be transmitted by bed bugs. "This is despite its powerful vectorial capacity. "However, this circumstance can change at any time and, given the growing presence of this plague, if we are not prepared, the consequences could be terrible." The most popular tourist areas in Spain, including Benidorm, Alicante, Malaga and Majorca are some of the affected areas. Bed bugs can be found in any type of accommodation, including hotels, apartments and villas. Some of the best methods to repel bed bugs are alcohol, tea tree oil and lavender oil as the insects hate the smell. Additional reporting from Rita Sobot