The water company has said that it will introduce the ban due to the long term forecast of dry weather. The ban would effect London, parts Gloucestershire and parts of Essex and Kent.  The ban will affect millions of Britons, who will no longer be able to use a hosepipe to water their gardens, wash their cars or for filling paddling pools or else face fines of up to £1000. A Thames Water spokesperson said: "Given the long term forecast of dry weather and another forecast of very hot temperatures coming this week we are planning to announce a temporary use ban in the coming weeks. "We have written to the Environment Agency to update them on our approach and informed Ofwat. The timing is not confirmed due to a number of operational and legal procedural requirements but we will be updating our customers, partners, regulators and stakeholders at the earliest time to ensure a coordinated approach. In the meantime we continue to urge our customers to only use what they need for their essential use." The company has been in the news lately following burst pipes in London and Kent which caused massive amounts of water to flood roads in Islington, north London and Dartford, Kent.  The burst pipes potentially wasted millions of gallons of water, one day before the impending hosepipe ban was announced. One business owner in London told the Daily Mail that a "tsunami" of water had hit their business around 7am yesterday, August 8. Water levels at the scene reportedly reached depths of four feet. London Fire Brigade later warned that the deep flooding had caused "two sinkholes".  The news comes as the Met office issued an Amber warning for extreme heat for parts of England and Wales. The warning has been issued from Thursday to Sunday and warned that vulnerable individuals could face "adverse health effects". A level 3 health alert has been issued across England due to the heatwave. The Met office predicted temperatures in the mid-30s for Friday and Saturday. The Met Office gave advice for dealing with the hot weather.  It said: "Look out for others, especially older people, young children and babies and those with underlying health conditions. Close curtains on rooms that face the sun to keep indoor spaces cooler and remember it may be cooler outdoors than indoors. "Drink plenty of fluids and avoid excess alcohol, dress appropriately for the weather and slow down when it is hot." The Met office said that there was uncertainty about the weather after the weekend. Confidence in predictions of showers "remains low" meaning the heat could remain well into next week. As the hot water continues, and reservoirs get lower, many areas around the country are at risk of being subject to hosepipe bans. 