The busy London Underground station in Central London was cleared of all commuters following a fire alert. Video footage shared on Twitter shows passengers leaving a train via the platform and handed bottles of water by station employees as temperatures soared below ground. Firefighters can also be seen on the platform, checking that the carriages are empty.   A London Fire Brigade spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "Firefighters were called to reports of smoke on the Jubilee Line at Bond Street Station this morning. "Crews investigated and found the smoke had been caused by faulty brakes on a southbound train carriage. "The train was removed and the station was evacuated. It has now reopened. There were no reports of any injuries. "The Brigade was called at 1156 and the incident was over for firefighters by 1244. Three fire engines from Paddington and Soho fire stations were at the scene."  A British Transport Police spokesperson told Express.co.uk: British Transport Police received a report of smoke coming from a train stopped at Bond Street Underground station at 11.55am today (10 August). "Officers attended with colleagues from London Fire Brigade and passengers were safely evacuated from the train. "The station was closed while the faulty train was cleared, and it has since re-opened." The London Live television channel had earlier tweeted: "Bond Street station was evacuated earlier due to a fire alert.  READ MORE: UK storm forecast: Areas most 'at risk' of heavy downpours  "This has resulted in severe delays on the Jubilee Line." Twitter account "TfL Access" (@TfLAccess) had also earlier tweeted: "Bond Street - this station is exit only while we respond to a fire alert." It followed this up with another post minutes later, which read: "Bond Street Station closed while we respond to a fire alert." Twitter account "Tweet the Tube" (@tweetthetube) had said there was no service between Finchley Road and Waterloo on the Jubilee line because of the fire alert at Bond Street station.   It confirmed there are severe delays on the rest of the line, and that tickets are being accepted on London buses. "Tweet the Tube" wrote: "Jubilee Line - No service between Finchley Road and Waterloo while we respond to a fire alert at Bond Street. "SEVERE DELAYS on the rest of the line. "Tickets will be accepted on London Buses." At 3pm, the Transport for London (TfL) website stated there are now "minor delays" on the Jubilee line following the earlier fire alert. 