Next summer, Indiana Jones 5 will finally hit cinema screens, over 40 years since Raiders of the Lost Ark was released. Harrison Ford has finished filming the Steven Spielberg-produced blockbuster, which is set around the 1969 Moon Landing. Photos from the British set last year also capture extras dressed as Nazis and Indy with dots on his face. By the looks of it, we could be getting some flashbacks from World War II, an era of the character’s history we’ve not seen on the big screen before. Indiana Jones 5 co-stars Phoebe Waller-Bridge in a mystery role, alongside Mads Mikkelsen playing the film’s villain. The James Bond star has recently spoken out about working with the 80-year-old Hollywood legend at the Sarajevo Film Festival. Speaking with Variety, Mads said of Indiana Jones 5: “It is so top secret! Every day of shooting felt like a real Indiana Jones film. It felt like going back to scratch. Everything looked like it. Harrison was there wearing his [Indiana Jones] clothes. It was just a brilliant experience.” Previously the 56-year-old Danish actor admitted how surprised he was by the “monster of a man” Ford when working with him on set. READ MORE: Harrison Ford: ‘I was never happy’ Indiana Jones writer on huge error Speaking with The Hollywood Reporter, Mads recalled of the 80-year-old: “It was the first time I met him, and he’s an insanely powerful person Not just as an actor, but physically. I remember the first day we were shooting, it was a night shoot, then we stopped at 5 a.m. — and then he got on his mountain bike and went biking for 50 kilometres. Harrison is a monster of a man, a very nice monster.” Ford revealed the first look at Indiana Jones 5 at Star Wars Celebration 2022 this summer. DON'T MISSIndiana Jones 5 'unbelievable' – Harrison Ford ‘is very fit for 80’ [HARRISON FORD]Indiana Jones: Sean Connery ‘almost did Kingdom of the Crystal Skull’ [SEAN CONNERY]Indiana Jones 5: Will Indiana Jones lose his right eye in new movie? [OLD INDY] Ford said: “I’m really proud of the movie that we made. So I’ll be seeing you around campus…” He showed off a first-look image of himself as Indy walking over a rope bridge inside a cave. A title for the new film is yet to be announced, but hopefully, it'll be before the end of the year. It wouldn't be surprising if a first teaser was attached to Avatar 2 just before Christmas. Indiana Jones 5 hits cinemas on June 30, 2023. SOURCE: THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER