Manchester United had entered their game with Brighton on Sunday full of hope. Having endured a horrendous campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term, surely things couldn’t get worse? Alas, their display over the weekend was so flat, so devoid of anything positive, Erik ten Hag has already conceded he has a ‘hell of a job’ on his hands. Manchester United were bad last season. First Solskjaer, and then Rangnick, was unable to get the best from this current group of players. So they turned to Ten Hag, believing the former Ajax boss could work wonders and turn them into Premier League title challengers. He could yet do that, of course. Brighton is just one game, the only game so far this season, so it’s certainly too early to write anybody off. But United’s defeat to Graham Potter’s side was, in Ten Hag’s own words, a ‘setback’. There was nothing positive to take from the defeat on home turf, with the visitors simply on another level. As Pascal Gross scored twice to inflict an opening day defeat on the Red Devils, it’s abundantly clear four players are still lucky to be at the club. Express Sport will now take a look at Fred, Donny van de Beek, Scott McTominay, Harry Maguire and Luke Shaw and why they’re just not good enough for a club of this size and stature. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Fred’s attitude is always excellent. That’s something that’s worth noting, with all of the Brazilian’s former managers happy with his application. Former United coach Chris Armas, who worked under Rangnick last term, said recently: "If you have a team of Freds, you have a team that's together and they play for each other. "If your number's called, you give everything, if your number is not called, I love you. “He [Fred] is a great guy this one, he's not just a great guy, he's a good player and he would take some heat in the media, but he was reliable and a good team guy. He loves the team and plays for the team." Yet while Fred is popular, and sometimes good, he’s just not up to scratch. United aren’t going to win titles with him as a regular in the middle of the park but, barring some sudden late investment, it appears they’ll have no other choice but to play him in most matches. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join United saw both the best and worst of Harry Maguire on Sunday. He was excellent at distributing the ball and carrying it out from the back throughout the showdown at Old Trafford. But he was one of the guilty culprits when it came to Gross’ first goal for Brighton, with Maguire playing the 31-year-old on. Ten Hag has vowed to stand by the former Leicester star and has insisted there’s no reason to demote him or strip him of the captaincy. Yet Maguire isn’t the £80million player United thought they were getting in 2019 and, over the past 12 months, he’s had more bad afternoons than good ones. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. If United had Todd Boehly as their owner, rather than the Glazers, Scott McTominay would likely be gone by now. He’s a good squad player, just like compatriot Darren Fletcher was before him. But he’s not a world-class midfielder, something that’s becoming increasingly obvious in a world-class division. McTominay’s attitude is always spot on but that can’t make up for the lack of composure he often shows in the middle of the park. At the age of 25, he’s meant to be approaching the prime years of his career. But United need an upgrade, massively, because another year of McTominay starting every game means there could be trouble in store. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team It may be harsh to include Donny van de Beek on this list given he started the match against Brighton on the bench, a place that’s all-too-familiar to him. But the fact he’s behind McTominay and Fred in the pecking order speaks volumes. The Netherlands international offers precious little to this United side and, like Jesse Lingard before him, is better off the ball than on it. Van de Beek was Ten Hag’s most used player in pre-season and yet, still, he can’t get a game no matter what his team-mates do. Therefore, he’s extremely fortunate to still be a United player. This is an experiment that looks destined to fail, and the Red Devils would be wise to end it there. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Again, it’s rather harsh given Luke Shaw was the best left-back in the Premier League in the unique 2020/2021 campaign. But, that season aside, what has he done to warrant such a long stay at United? Shaw never developed under Louis van Gaal, though a serious injury did of course understandably set him back. Yet he was dreadful under Jose Mourinho and, that one year under Solskjaer aside, has never achieved consistency at the club. With Tyrell Malacia now on board, it would be wiser to gamble on the Netherlands international than stick with a Shaw that looks a shadow of the player he was just 12 months ago.