Despite petrol and diesel prices dropping in recent weeks, they still remain high. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that motorists will have to pay 174.79p per litre of unleaded and 185.40p per litre of diesel. It is, therefore, no surprise that the number of drivers following fuel-saving techniques is not showing any signs of dropping. One key step that motorists could take advantage of is to avoid idling when at the wheel. Rule 123 of the Highway Code highlights the “driver and the environment” and declares that motorists must not leave a parked vehicle unattended with the engine running. Drivers are urged to avoid leaving their engines on to cut down on noise and air pollution. READ MORE: Simple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin The rest of the rule states: “You must not leave a vehicle engine running unnecessarily while that vehicle is stationary on a public road. “Generally, if the vehicle is stationary and is likely to remain so for more than a couple of minutes, you should apply the parking brake and switch off the engine to reduce emissions and noise pollution. “However it is permissible to leave the engine running if the vehicle is stationary in traffic or for diagnosing faults.” Sometimes, often in winter, drivers may leave their car running to warm it up or to clear their windscreen from fog or frost. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to check vital car part in hot weather to avoid costs [INSIGHT] Drivers urged to use little-known shoe trick to save money on fuel [REVEAL] Drivers warned of £5,000 fines for not using air con [WARNING] In other instances, drivers may avoid turning off their ignition if they are dropping something off at a friend’s house or when stuck in standstill traffic. Research has shown that an idling engine can burn through three to four pence worth of fuel every minute. Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, Duncan McClure Fisher, founder and CEO of MotorEasy, warned drivers of the massive costs they face simply for keeping their engine on. He said: “While this might seem very innocent, research has shown an idling engine can burn through 3-4p of fuel a minute. READ MORE: Driver fined £100 for failing to park properly during an emergency “If you are doing 10 minutes of warming up, five days a week, and spending another 30 minutes per week stuck in traffic. “That adds up to a very handy £166 a year that’s being wasted. “It’s obviously not great for the environment to have increased emissions escaping into the atmosphere either.” Many modern cars with "stop/start" technology save fuel by turning the engine off while the vehicle is stationary. Will Bullen, of Car Lease Special Offers, added that drivers were cautious of their fuel bills and would try to do anything they could to bring costs down. He said: “We know a lot of people are looking to save money right now and these simple tips are a great start to cutting costs at the petrol pump. “Smooth acceleration and braking are the obvious ones, but we also recommend anticipating traffic lights and slow-moving traffic, rather than flooring it between each stop. “Only small adjustments can have a positive impact on both your fuel consumption and bank balance.”