Penny Mordaunt has been grilled over deciding to back Liz Truss over Rishi Sunak for the Conservative Party leadership after dropping out of the contest in third place. Ms Morduant has endorsed the Foreign Secretary to replace Boris Johnson in Number 10 and was happy to explain why she shares Ms Truss's vision for Britain when put on the spot during an interview on Sky News. Ms Mordaunt told Sky News: "The reason why I have chosen to support Liz in this contest, I could have remained undeclared, but I think this is too important. "The reason why I've gone with her is because I think she does understand that our nation is at an inflection point, and all of the opportunities that we want to see come to us investment and other opportunities aren't going to land on our lap. We've got to work for them. "We've got to be able to compete. We've got to get more productive, we've got to get supply-side reforms to happen and that is something that Liz does understand. "So that is why I've gone with her, her tax cuts are funded, she has a plan. she has a plan to get growth back into our economy and that is what we need to do." JUST IN: Irexit calls surge: 'Friction rising' between EU and Dublin – 'Days of being catspaw over'  Asked if she thought Liz Truss was "living up to the ideals" that she herself had set out when she was, Ms Morduant replied: "Yes, of course. I've had conversations with both Rishi and Liz since I was eliminated from the contest. "Tax cuts don't have to be inflationary because we're dealing with the twin problems of inflation but also weak demand in the economy. "Her tax-cutting programme is funded, is going to matter. Very much the sequence and timing of when things are done. I think she's been right to put forward an emergency budget. "Clearly there's support for that from other quarters in the papers today, both in terms of addressing the cost of living issues, but also to really get growth back into the economy." MORE TO FOLLOW... Ms Mordaunt suggested short-term economic help is less important than long-term reforms. She told Sky News: "I think she's been right to put forward an emergency budget ... both in terms of addressing the cost-of-living issues, but also to really get growth back into the economy. "It's all very well alleviating a problem and the squeeze that people are feeling but we've got to get growth back into the economy if we don't want that to become the norm." Ms Mordaunt also denied Ms Truss's plans for vast tax cuts will fuel inflation, as her rival Rishi Sunak has claimed. DON'T MISS:Tory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi [REVEAL]Nigel Farage gives his verdict on who will be the next Tory PM  [INSIGHT]Liz Truss accused of UNDOING Brexit boost over bombshell plans [REPORT]  "Tax cuts don't have to be inflationary because we're dealing with the twin problems of inflation but also weak demand in the economy," she said. Asked about Ms Truss's comments that she would help people through tax cuts, not "handouts", Ms Mordaunt told Sky News: "It's not that she's ruling out all future help, that's a misinterpretation of what she said. "What she is looking at though is enabling people to keep more of the money that they earn. "It makes no sense to take money off of people and then to give it back in very, very complicated ways. We need to simplify this and we need to ensure that households are as resilient as possible and stopping taking large sums of tax on people is one way of doing that."