Serhii Haidai, Head of the Luhansk Regional Military Administration, claimed Ukrainian troops struck the base in the occupied city of Kadiivka in the Luhansk region of eastern Ukraine. He wrote on Twitter: "The Armed Forces of Ukraine struck enemy fortifications in occupied Kadiivka, killing about 200 Russian paratroopers." Mr Haidai said Russians had been based in a hotel in Kadiivka since 2014. Moscow claimed today (August 26) Ukrainian troops fired 10 HIMARS missiles at the city. The Armed Forces of Ukraine hit ammunition depots in the city on July 15 and 18. They also hit Russian barracks in the city on July 24, according to the Kyiv Post. Mr Haidai added that thanks to the work of Ukrainian partisans in the Luhansk region, the Russian occupiers had decided against holding a pseudo-referendum on the region joining Russia in the near future, the Kyiv Post reported. The Governor of Luhansk said supporters of Ukraine in the region have become more active of late and, combined with Ukrainian troops, are destroying Russian warehouses and bases. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Huge decision' Harry handed TWO options Ukraine's troops attacked a Russian military base in Lysychansk, Luhansk, on August 16, killing about 100 Russian soldiers, according to Ukrainian media. Two days before that, Mr Haidai said there was a strike on the headquarters of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s hired mercenaries, the Private Military Company Wagner (PMC Wagner), in Popasnaya. It comes weeks after Russia changed its war aims to focus on securing the Donbas, an eastern region formed of the Donetsk and Luhansk provinces, already partly held by its separatist proxies. Moscow's move unleashed the most devastating ground battles of the war. In mid-May, an entire battalion of Russian troops was wiped out trying to cross the Siverskiy Donets River. Satellite photos showed dozens of destroyed armoured vehicles scattered across either bank.  The Russians pressed on, using their artillery firepower advantage to hem in Ukrainian forces on three sides. Throughout June, both sides claimed to have killed thousands of enemy soldiers. After capturing the ruins of the cities of Sievierodonetsk and Lysychansk, Putin declared victory in the area on July 4, but battles still grind on. This week Ukraine's military said its forces had repelled Russian assaults on the towns of Bakhmut and Soledar in the eastern Donetsk region and struck ammunition depots and enemy personnel in the southern Kherson region. Ukrainian forces used a US-supplied HIMARS multiple rocket launcher to fire about 10 rockets at the town of Stakhanov in the eastern Donbas region before dawn today, according to pro-Moscow breakaway officials in Luhansk who were quoted by Russia's TASS news agency. DON'T MISS: Have Your Say: Is Emmanuel Macron a friend of Britain? [DEBATE]Prince William 'jumped in a car to confront Harry' - claim [REPORT] Royal Family: Nothing ever enough! Meghan backlash [LATEST]  Meanwhile, President Volodymyr Zelensky said the world narrowly escaped a radiation disaster when electricity to Europe's largest nuclear power plant was cut off for hours. He said Russian shelling on Thursday sparked fires in ash pits at a nearby coal power station which had led to the Zaporozhzhia plant getting disconnected from the power grid. A Russian official blamed Ukraine for what happened. Mr Zelensky said back-up diesel generators had ensured the power supply vital for cooling and safety systems at the plant, praising the Ukrainian technicians who operate the plant under the gaze of the Russian military. He said in a video address on Thursday evening: "If our station staff had not reacted after the blackout, then we would have already been forced to overcome the consequences of a radiation accident. Russia has put Ukraine and all Europeans in a situation one step away from a radiation disaster... Every minute Russian troops remain at the nuclear power station there is a risk of a global radiation catastrophe."  Ukraine's state nuclear company Energoatom said electricity for the plant's own needs was now being supplied through a power line from Ukraine's electricity system. It later said one of the plant's two functioning reactors had been reconnected to that grid. Vladimir Rogov, a Russian-appointed official in the occupied town of Enerhodar near the plant, blamed Ukrainian armed forces for what happened on Thursday, claiming they caused a fire in a forest near the plant. Mr Rogov wrote on Telegram: "This was caused by the disconnection of power lines from the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power station as a result of provocations by Zelensky's fighters. "The disconnection itself was triggered by a fire and short circuit on the power lines."  Energoatom said Thursday's incident was the first complete disconnection of the plant, which has become a hotspot in the six-month-old war. The regional authorities in Zaporizhzhia said more than 18,000 people across several settlements remained without electricity today due to damage caused to power lines, without saying which lines they meant. The United Nations wants access to the plant and has called for the area to be demilitarised. International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) officials are "very, very close" to being able to visit Zaporizhzhia, agency Director-General Rafael Grossi said on Thursday. Germany on Friday condemned Russia's continued occupation of the plant. A foreign ministry spokesperson said: "The situation [there] is still very, very dangerous."  