Cleide Brook, who manages six flats, says she has been complaining to the council for weeks about the situation. She claims the bins are stinking in the heat and infested with flies. The properties in Marsh, Huddersfield, used to have two large metal container bins for tenants to put their black bags in, but one of these disappeared, which resulted in the remaining metal bin overflowing with smelly household waste. According to Cleide, the rubbish has not been collected by the bin workers since they failed to do so six weeks ago. She claims that around four weeks ago, the metal containers started to overflow, with some of the black bags having to be put where animals can access them—on the ground. Cleide told Yorkshire Live: "For the past four weeks I have been on the phone (to Kirklees Council). I was told twice that a manager would ring me back but they never did. "Yesterday I was two hours on the phone with Kirklees - my mobile phone has a record. They have had reports from six tenants who have been ringing and emailing about this. The tenants started complaining five weeks ago." Cleide says she spoke to a manager at Kirklees on Tuesday, August 23,  and was told the rubbish would be picked up "sometime". She believes that bin workers will not touch the rubbish bin because it is overflowing. Cleide claims that a Kirklees official told her to take some of the "excess" rubbish to the tip. "I said 'no'-I am nearly 60 years old. I said I pay you council tax to do a job. If I don't pay, you take us to court. You know how to collect council tax but not rubbish. I said, 'it's your job to do this, not mine.' Cleide says that the bins have overflowed before but "they can't be bothered." She said Kirklees had been aware of the missing bin for six weeks. After Cleide contacted Yorkshire Live, they approached Kirklees Council for comment. A short time later, Cleide got back in touch to say a new bin had been dropped off and thanked the reporter for his help. "They have dropped off the new bin this afternoon which is already overflowing." She fears it will be another two weeks before the rubbish is due to be collected. "Another two weeks to wait for collection and the bins will be overflowing again. They won't touch it again and we are back to square one." Councillor Naheed Mather, cabinet member for environment at Kirklees Council, told Express Online: "We apologise that we have not met the expectations of the resident in this instance and recognise that there has been a communication breakdown. "We have been working with the resident and the service to resolve the issues raised. With the missing bin now replaced, we are confident that normal collections will be resumed."