Amanda Owen has taken to Instagram to share the impact the scorching weather has had on her animals at Ravenseat Farm. The Yorkshire Shepherdess, 47, shared a clip of herself busy shearing sheep, explaining in the caption that their fleeces had become dirty and itchy because of the lack of rain. In view of her 526,000 followers, the mother-of-nine candidly addressed the impact of the heatwave. Wearing a pair of black leggings and a white vest top, the star bravely held the head of the animal while quickly shearing its fleece. In the caption, Amanda explained: "There’s only fifteen need clipping. "The fleeces are very dirty due to the heat and humidity over the past month. READ MORE: Rod Stewart's wife Penny breaks down over rocker's daughter's tribute "The lack of rain hasn’t rinsed the particles of grit and soil from the wool making them even more itchy. "Handled calmly, quietly and carefully. Then they can return to the moor," she ended the post. Her followers soon flocked to the comments to voice their support for the star. Instagram user davejohnson1959.ddj wrote: "You're so working hard AMANDA. Lovely." Vivwebster1 added: "You got this girl." While adipsos penned: "Your back must hurt. Hard working people." It comes a month after Amanda  has left fans concerned after she shared an insight into a family "fail" at Ravenseat Farm. One of her children, Reuben, 18, appeared to have been left shaken after his tractor got stuck while trying to tow a Land Rover. DON'T MISS... Lily James wows in lingerie as Pamela Anderson on Pam & Tommy set [INSIGHT]Robert Redford’s heartbreaking note following untimely death of son [ANALYSIS]'Pathetic!' Alastair Stewart rages at mocking of Lady Louise [UPDATE] Amanda took to social media to share pictures of Reuben and the tractor following the unsuccessful attempt. She captioned the pictures: “Horsepower of a different type required. “A long walk & a late night for @reubenowen74 after a Land Rover tow fail. “A rescue mission gone wrong & now Mummy & brother Miles calling from bogged," she added. But fans took to the comments section to voice their concerns for the vehicles and Reuben, who could be seen in the pictures video calling Amanda. Yvonnearchibald44 said: “Oh no poor Ruben.” Eddie6085 added: “Oh heck! I saw them walking along the A686 into Langwathby on my way home from work. “I wondered what had happened."