The Queen has historically appointed the country's Prime Minister at Buckingham Palace. But in a move away from royal tradition, she will welcome outgoing leader Boris Johnson and the newly-elected Conservative Party leader to her Balmoral retreat. The Queen, 96, has been staying at her Aberdeenshire home for her summer break. She typically remains in Scotland until October. The meeting will take place on September 6, a spokesperson said. The Queen will meet with either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak the day after the new leader is announced on September 5. The monarch will first speak with Mr Johnson, who is expected to formally hand in his resignation. The new leader will then be appointed by the monarch. On Wednesday, a Buckingham Palace spokesperson said: "The Queen will receive Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Tuesday, September 6 at Balmoral, followed by an audience with the new PM." It is a long-observed tradition that the Queen appoints the prime minister to lead Her Majesty's Government. READ MORE: Meghan squirms as Mariah Carey scrambles to defend Duchess 'dig' The Palace had previously indicated that the Queen would make the trip back down to London in time for the outcome of the Conservative leadership election. The new leader will be the 15th prime minister sworn in by the Queen during her reign. The decision to fix Balmoral as the meeting point was intended to offer clarity in the new Prime Minister's diary, Sky News reports. The Queen has faced mobility issues in the last year, often spotted using a walking aid when attending official engagements. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Arrogant' Meghan 'one of most destructive' royals [LIVE] Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew give up hope of royal comeback? [VOTE] Meghan's latest interview 'overshadowing' poignant royal anniversary [REPORT] The monarch has cancelled a number of scheduled appearances, including several planned events for her Platinum Jubilee earlier this summer. She appeared to the public twice across the extended weekend on the Buckingham Palace balcony, surrounded by senior members of the Firm. Buckingham Palace said the Queen would not attend the second day of Platinum Jubilee events after experiencing "discomfort" at the opening parade. She missed the St Paul's ceremony with "great reluctance" after the monarch "greatly enjoyed" the Thursday's celebrations. An anonymous source told The Sun last week: “The Queen has now been advised not to travel. “But obviously no one tells the Queen what to do and ultimately it is her decision, and as we saw when she made a third appearance on the Buckingham Palace balcony at the Jubilee she likes surprises. “There are some parts of her role that Prince Charles can do on her behalf but the Queen is adamant that she appoints the Prime Minister. “It may not be the best choice to make the Queen travel 1,000 miles there and back for a 48-hour visit when the Prime Ministers can easily get to Balmoral instead.” 