Autumn is just around the corner, meaning the weather will start to get cooler and the lawns will start to recover. While they may start to look better, gardeners also need to put some work into helping it return to its pre-heatwave state. Experts at the Lawn Association have shared how to put the green back into your grass. The lawn experts explained: “The combined heat and drought will have shrunk the soil - guaranteed, and grass hates dried and compacted soil. It needs air and water to thrive and maintain strong root systems. We need to start out autumn renovation below ground with some aeration, because the key to any plant health is good working soil. “But please don’t follow the advice to go around digging into the lawn with a garden fork. Your mission is to de-compact the soil, not just add some holes and using a soil tined garden fork will not achieve this….instead, use the tools designed for the job. Hollow-tine aeration forks and machines do exactly what your lawn needs. “They remove cores of soil without further compressing what’s left, and this creates those essential small channels for improved root development, water percolation and nutrition longevity.” Aerating helps water and nutrients reach the grass roots, helping the lawn to recover from the recent stressful conditions. READ MORE: 10 ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances ‘busting your budget’ Once the soil has been de-compacted, the autumn rains will soon see green growth reappear. However, dead grass leaves will have created some thatch which gardeners need to sort out. The experts recommended scarifying the lawn for this, which they said was an “autumnal pruning”. They explained: “Again, the right tool gives the best results. “For small areas you can get by with a wire rake, but it will never prune as well as a powered bladed machine. A purpose-designed scarifying machine will slice through the shoots, leaves and stolons, maximising the grass’s ability to regenerate from the re-emerging plants. “Of course, some patches here and there may need the addition of new grass, and as you are improving conditions in the soil and on the surface, you can also do some overseeding too. Choose between a blend of natural species, or a dwarf ryegrass mixture for increased wear and tear.” DON'T MISS:The affluent town Sir David Attenborough calls home [INSIGHT]I managed to dissolve toilet limescale without bleach in 2 easy steps [PICTURES]Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with baking soda and white vinegar [EXPERT] Whether doing a renovation or maintenance scarification, the experts said gardeners should apply a moss treatment. This job should follow scarification, not before, so the moss treatment can dehydrate it as the base of the sward. Gardeners can also rake moss away on small lawns with a spring-tine rake. The experts said: “It’s possible that your lawn actually stopped growing before the long dry spell. Since then, it will have been living off its own food reserves, and will be very hungry indeed. “Over-feeding should not be too much of an issue this autumn, but in these conditions you should avoid a high nitrogen release fertiliser. Instead use a feed that has a small amount of phosphate and potassium, as well as nitrogen. READ MORE: Best time to repot your houseplant - look for 'telltale' signs “A well balanced feed would be something like Truegrass, that is unique in feeding the soils as well as the grass itself.” Other brands of feed are available online as well as in garden centres. As the UK enters autumn, grass growth will begin to slow down and so mowing will also need to be decreased. The experts said: “You can begin reducing the regularity and at the same time gradually increasing the cutting height, but following any renovation, keep mowing as you normally would. “Be guided by how often the lawn requires mowing, which is visible to you. These five tips are paramount if you want to see your beautiful lawn emerge once more this autumn. “Of course there is more you can do if you are pursuing finer results, but whatever your goal, work with nature, not against and you will achieve the lawn that is perfect for you.” Chris Bonnett, founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk, also recommended prepping the lawn ahead of winter. To help it survive the winter months, rake the lawn, re-seed any bare patches and use a feed or fertiliser that is rich in potassium. The expert said: “This is the perfect time to take action as autumnal weather is ideal for establishing a healthy lawn.”