NS&I has officially released the details of its high value prize winners in August, and Britons will want to check if they are thousands of pounds richer than they were yesterday.As the cost of living crisis continues, any extra cash could be vital to savers right now. Two Premium Bond holders became millionaires this morning and the winning bond numbers are 469BR534389 and 155HJ070561. The first winner, from Dorset, bought their winning bond in August 2021. In total, they held £45,000 in Premium Bonds. The other August jackpot winner, from Buckinghamshire, bought their winning bonds in April 2009. READ MORE: 'I’m in control!' Man shares 'great way' he makes up to £3,000 extra each month In total, they held £22,875 in Premium Bonds. The July draw saw 10 people receive £100,000, 19 people receive £50,000 and 40 get a prize of £25,000. Premium Bonds is an investment product issued by National Savings & Investment. However instead of earning interest, people are entered into a monthly prize draw where they can win between £25 and £1million tax free.  Someone’s chances of winning is completely down to chance - and people may not win anything at all. Premium Bonds holders can use the nsandi.com prize checker tool and prize checker app to see if they have won. If someone has an Amazon Alexa, they can also ask it to tell them the latest winning numbers. To see if they’ve won, Britons will need to enter their Premium Bonds holders’ number. READ MORE: Energy bills: Expert shares 'simple things' to save each month - 'It’s always cheaper!' Those who have chosen to have prizes paid to their bank account, or have their prizes reinvested, will be informed whether they have won by email or text message. More than nine in 10 prizes are now paid straight into winner’s bank accounts or automatically reinvested into more Premium Bonds. At the moment the odds of a bond winning each month are 24,500 to one for every £1 Bond they have invested. The vast majority of the prizes released each month are for £25.  Britons are urged to check if they have won anything as there is an estimated £74million left in unclaimed Premium Bond prizes. Each investment in the bonds must be £25, and they can be purchased online, over the phone or by post. Money to buy bonds can be paid in from another NS&I account. There are no penalties for people who need to take out cash from the Government-backed scheme.