Rafael Nadal is back in Cincinnati after five years for his first tournament since pulling out of Wimbledon injured. The world No 3 suffered a 7mm abdominal tear and was forced to postpone his comeback in Montreal this week but will finally be back in action at the Western and Southern Open, where he has already started a gruelling practice regime to be fit for his first match in over a month. Rafael Nadal suffered an abdominal tear at Wimbledon  Nadal has been sidelined since the beginning of July, when he withdrew from Wimbledon on the eve of his scheduled semi-final against Nick Kyrgios. The Spaniard was set to make his return at the Canadian Open this week but pulled out at the last minute as he revealed he was still feeling “discomfort” in the ab. Just five days later, the 22-time Grand Slam champion surprised everyone by announcing that he would be competing in Cincinnati next week after making progress, and he has already arrived at the tournament with plenty of time to practise ahead of his comeback match. The 2013 champion at the event had a monumental two-hour hit on Saturday morning with Matteo Berrettini, as he gave a glimpse of his current form. The 36-year-old was back serving at full-pelt after revealing that it was the re-introduction of his service motion into practice sessions that caused him to suffer a setback with the ab last week. Under the eye of dozens of fans on one of the tournament’s smaller courts, Nadal also proved that his ab had made a full recovery as he hit overheads while rallying with the Italian. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu's new coach Tursunov caught up in Russian propaganda And the two-hour session isn’t even Nadal’s only practice of the day, as he is due back out later in the afternoon for another hit to ensure he is back to his best ahead of his first match, receiving a bye straight to the second round as the second seed in Cincinnati. Nadal is playing for more than just the title at the Western and Southern Open, as he can regain the world No 1 ranking for the first time since February 2020 with a victory in Cincinnati, following Daniil Medvedev’s opening-round exit to Nick Kyrgios in Montreal earlier this week. DON'T MISS Nick Kyrgios makes defiant Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal commentAndy Murray's US Open prep threatened by Wawrinka Cincinnati testNick Kyrgios given US Open edge over Nadal as Montreal loss downplayed  “Happy to be here,” the world No 3 wrote in an Instagram post alongside a photo of himself arriving in Cincinnati for the first time in five years. Nadal has not competed at the tournament since 2017, where he lost to eventual-runner-up Kyrgios in the quarter-final.  He then bounced back to win his third of four US Open titles a few weeks later, and will be hoping to lift another trophy in Flushing Meadows next month as he remains undefeated at Grand Slam level this year, winning the Australian Open and the French Open before withdrawing from Wimbledon after five match wins. 