Lioness Alessia Russo appeared on Wednesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain to discuss England's Euro 2022 success with ITV hosts Richard Madeley and Kate Garraway. However, viewers were quick to hit out at an "inappropriate" comment Richard made to the professional footballer. Richard began: "How are you feeling? It's three days on now. If I was your dad and asked you that and said, 'How are you feeling love?' What would you say?" The 23-year-old admitted she was exhausted and still overwhelmed as it was "something we have been waiting for in women's football for a long time". Many ITV viewers took to Twitter following Richard's comment, with Belle adding: "Richard Madeley just said to Alessia Russo, 'how you feeling love?' Good grief! How inappropriate." READ MORE: Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series Will Nesbit commented: "If I was your Dad, and asked you that, what would you say?" What is Richard on about?? Richard "who's your daddy" Madeley #GMB." (sic) @Selexiak said: "#gmb Uh, oh, inappropriate granddads interviewing one of the football team again. 'How are you feeling, love?' #richardmadeley." (sic) Rachel remarked: "Oh no! Another Lioness is going to be subjected to a Madeley interview. Time to switch over." As the interview continued, Kate asked the sports star how she felt about being tipped to become the first woman footballer to have a transfer fee of more than £1million.  Kate said: "You might get paid £1million now. Is it something people have been talking to you about?" Alessia explained: "It kind of just came on the back of the tournament, I didn't know too much about it. "When we were in the tournament we were in a very close bubble and everything was just kind of cut out from the outside world." She continued: "Of course, we understood the hype around the whole tournament, but we weren't reading stories or looking on Twitter all the time. DON'T MISS...Kate Garraway back on TV after Derek wins fight for life with sepsis [UPDATE]Susanna Reid supports Kate Garraway after Derek contracts sepsis [INSIGHT]Sam Fox recalls moment she found a lump in her throat [LATEST] "So it kind of came out after the tournament." Kate probed the footballer to get her thoughts on how male footballers earn "vastly" more than female players. Alessia replied: "I think the women's game is finally getting a bit of credit and funding that it does deserve. "I mean realistically we are not going to say we deserve to be on the same [money] as the men as we understand how the game has progressed and we are realistic with our thoughts.  "But we do the same job, but hopefully as time keeps progressing, it will keep the game growing." The Lionesses won £2million for winning the tournament, but this pales in comparison to the money on offer in the men's 2020 Euros. Winners Italy won a prize pot of almost £29million. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays between 6am and 9am. 