During Tuesday’s instalment of BBC Breakfast, hosts Sally Nugent and Jon Kay spoke to Les’ wife Tracy and daughter Charlotte. They also had a chat with Jon Culshaw who is bringing the iconic comedian's style back to the stage with a show all on Les’ life. Before speaking to their guests, Sally and Jon played a compilation of different clips from Les’ performances and shows to viewers. From hilarious interactions with competitors on the game show Blankety Blank and TV appearances. The comedian even mad people in stitches over his joke on the cost of living back during the height of his career. He said: “I just can't manage with the cost of living, I mean look at the state of it now. “Prescription charges two and six, I don’t know about you but next year it’s going to cost us a fortune to put cotton wool on the Christmas tree!”   After the clips were shown, both presenters and the guests were seen laughing on the sofa before Jon said to Sally: “That’s got you going hasn’t it?!” The hosts addressed Les’ daughter who said that she loves seeing her dad's face in those films. She said: “It just makes me happy, especially in the morning as well. “Just love him, just want to give him a big cuddle and a big squeeze. It breaks our hearts but it’s just so amazing to see him.”  When Sally asked if it was slightly hard to see his face, Charlotte revealed that she’s got a cardboard cut-out of him in the living room. Les’ widow Tracy then explained that her daughter was brought up with the cut -out of her dad which has now been given to her son Noah. Charlotte said: “My little boy kisses the cardboard cut-out every morning, he says grandad now. It just melts our hearts.” Jon asked them both what it is like watching Jon Culshaw bring Les “to life” on stage.  Charlotte admitted to the BBC hosts that it’s amazing and the comedian plays her dad well as she called his impersonation of Les “on chuffing point”. Addressing Jon, Sally told him that the resemblance between him and the icon is uncanny before wanting to know how it all came together. He told them: “I’ve always loved Les, some voices you do just for comfort, you don’t even think about it and I’ve always done that with Les.” Jon told the presenters that once he got the suit on and got into position on stage, he could see the smiles from the audience.  Speaking about her past husband, Tracy said Les didn’t take life very seriously and would get up in the early hours of the morning once he had a script idea to write it on the typewriter. She said: “I just think it’s so wonderful what Jon’s done and I just think he’d (Les) be delighted. All the bums on seats, it’s a sell-out really.” Tracy said she had a sneak preview of Jon on stage as Les and felt a wonderful presence and called his impersonation of her husband “on point.”  BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One from 6am. 