In an interview for New York Magazine’s The Cut published yesterday, also featuring Prince Harry and the couple’s son Archie Harrison, the Duchess of Sussex revealed her intention to get back on Instagram. The conversation took place as part of the promotion for Meghan’s new podcast series Archetypes, which debuted last week and reached the top spot on Spotify.  Meghan had to give up all of her personal social media accounts prior to her marriage to Prince Harry in May 2018. The Duchess formerly had more than three million Instagram followers when she was principally known as an actress on Suits and lifestyle writer on her blog The Tig. Now, over two years since their split from the Royal Family, she is preparing a comeback. READ MORE: Meghan’s ‘tirade’ deals final blow to royal relationships Journalist Allison P. Davies wrote: "In the lull in conversation, Meghan turns to me and leans forward to ask in a conspiratorial hush, 'Do you want to know a secret?' "Meghan, silenced no more, looks around, making sure nobody (who would be?) is listening in. "Then the top-secret drop: 'I’m getting back … on Instagram,' she says, her eyes alight and devilish." DON'T MISS:Britain to face recession until 2024 [REPORT]Meloni set to become Italy’s first female PM [ANALYSIS]EU in HUGE bust-up as Germany blocks Ukraine training [REACTION]POLL: Should next Prime Minister approve fracking to cut energy bills? [POLL]  After becoming Duchess of Sussex, Meghan was represented by the Kensington Royal Instagram and Twitter accounts, alongside her husband and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. After the Sussexes and the Cambridges split their households in 2019, Meghan and Harry opened Sussex Royal on Instagram. The pair stopped using the account days before stepping down as working members of the Royal Family in March 2020.  In October 2020, speaking at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Next Gen Summit, Meghan said: “For my own self-preservation, I have not been on social media for a very long time. “I made a personal choice to not have any account, so I don’t know what’s out there, and in many ways, that’s helpful for me.” The New York Magazine interview was an occasion for Ms Markle to promote her new podcast, Archetypes, which aims to “rip apart the boxes women have been placed into for generations.” The first episode, featuring Serena Williams, aired last week on Spotify and reached number one in its first 24 hours. So what do YOU think? Is Meghan Markle right to return to social media? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 