Still, countries like Hungary and Poland have now been in the club long enough to know the house rules. They must by now realise those rules are not going to change in order to suit them. Little wonder that “Polexit” and “Huxit” are now seriously being discussed, with Brexit having created the precedent. Yes, people across central and eastern Europe, including Hungary and Poland, generally want to stay in the EU. But they do so in the forlorn hope the EU can transform into a union of sovereign states. Meanwhile, whatever gets written about central and eastern Europe being dependent on EU cash, most countries in the region should be net contributors to the bloc by 2030. This means that Brussels’ threats to withhold cash, or tying the releasing of funds to judicial reforms, are not going to hold much sway in the near future. Meanwhile, the fact that most central and eastern European member states never signed up to the euro means that leaving the bloc would be far easier than for say Greece or Italy. So bad has Warsaw’s feud with the EU become, focused on tying EU cash to the rule-of-law, that there is even talk in Poland of building an alliance to remove the European Commission President. Chairman of Poland’s ruling Law and Justice Party, and former PM – Jarosław Kaczyński – also recently said: “Since the European Commission does not fulfill its obligations towards Poland in this area, we have no reason to fulfill our obligations towards the European Union.” Strong words. Meanwhile, opposition calls for a referendum relating to EU membership are being made in Hungary, perhaps a pre-emptive strike to stop future departure attempts by PM, Viktor Orbán. For both Hungary and Poland, Brussels’ beef with their countries is more about ideology than the judiciary, all a thinly-veiled attempt at pushing western European liberal values on to the conservative-nationalist east. Whatever divides northern Europe from “Club Med” countries like Greece and Italy, it is the ideological gulf between east and west which today really threatens the EU’s cohesion. This has become a toxic marriage in need of an amicable divorce settlement, one which splits assets fairly, keeps economic links going, but allows both parties to live in their own separate political home. Brexit, of course, has spooked many in central and eastern Europe, but it has also set a precedent, proving a country can leave and survive, and even thrive. Yes, central and eastern European states would perhaps need to club together if they left, but is that really unfeasible? After all, western Europe did just that. Who would have thought France and Germany would unite? Indeed, Hungary was united with Poland historically, while the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth once united much of the eastern region of Europe. Plans for a union of countries in the region have been mooted for a century. The divide between east and west in the EU goes beyond the realm of economics. It is a civilisational divide, secular vs religious, liberal vs traditionalist, multicultural v homogeneous, cosmopolitan v nationalist. It may be time for both sides to recognise this marriage is over, and that they really would be better off as just friends.