Footage released on social media has shown the remains of the HQ, with its windows blown out and debris surrounding the property, and the area desolate, after forces used US-supplied HIMARS to strike the property from afar. Accompanying photos show the building pre-attack, as well as a number of mapping images that helped to geolocate the strike. It comes as Ukraine claims to have relaunched an offensive in the southern regions, where Kherson is situated, as they look to reclaim territory long-lost to Russia.    Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky urged Russian soldiers to flee for their lives after his forces launched an offensive to retake southern Ukraine. Ukraine said on Monday its ground forces had gone on the offensive in the south for the first time after a long period of striking Russian supply lines, in particular bridges across the strategically-important River Dnipro, and ammunition dumps. “If they want to survive, it's time for the Russian military to run away. Go home,” Mr Zelensky said in a late-night address. “Ukraine is taking back its own (land),” he said, adding that he would not disclose Kyiv's battle plans.    In response, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday that Russia was methodically pressing on with its plans in Ukraine, adding: “All of our goals will be reached.” Moscow also added that it had repulsed the attacks on the south and inflicted heavy losses on Kyiv's troops. The new Ukrainian offensive comes after several weeks of relative stalemate in a war that has killed thousands, displaced millions, destroyed cities, and fuelled a global energy and food crisis amid unprecedented Western economic sanctions on Russia. Russia captured swathes of southern Ukraine near the Black Sea coast in the early weeks of the war, including in the Kherson region which lies north of the Russian-annexed Crimean peninsula. READ MORE: Ukraine TV host cries as boyfriend proposes from frontline [REVEAL]   Ukraine, now armed with sophisticated Western-supplied weapons, sees retaking the region as crucial to prevent Russian attempts to seize more territory further to the west that could eventually cut off its access to the Black Sea. Oleksiy Arestovych, a senior Ukrainian presidential adviser, said Russian defences in the Kherson region had been “broken through in a few hours”. It was unclear which line of Russian defence, of which there are many, he was referring to. Mr Arestovych also said Ukrainian forces were shelling ferries that Russia was using to supply its forces on the west bank of the Dnipro. DON'T MISS: Russia humiliated as Ukraine reclaims Putin's 'prize' region [REPORT] Rug pulled from under Putin as soldiers blown up by OWN mines [REVEAL]Putin reeling as Britain eyes deal for FIVE more warships [REPORT]   Natalia Humeniuk, a Ukrainian military spokesperson, told a briefing on Tuesday that Kyiv could destroy any pontoon bridge or ferry crossing across the river that Russia tried to build. “The whole area where such a crossing can be built is under our fire control and (any new structure) will be hit,” she said. Vitaly Kim, governor of the Mykolaiv region, told Ukrainian TV: “Heavy fighting is going on. Our military is working around the clock. Liberation of the Kherson region is coming soon.” Unverified reports, images, and footage on social media suggested that Ukrainian forces may have taken back some villages and destroyed some Russian targets in the south. READ NEXT: Ukrainian 'traitor' who joined Putin regime killed with shotgun in KheDenmark launches fury at EU over energy plan red tape helping Russia‘If you want to survive - flee!’ Zelensky issues warning to MoscowRussian troops surrender in droves as Putin's army crumbles Scholz blows top at EU and demands urgent reform  