While you can find heart attack symptoms effortlessly as a result of a quick Google search, Dr Nighat warned it’s important to differentiate between the signs in women and men. Women’s “vascular system is slightly different” because of hormones, pregnancy and different physical build to men, explained the doctor. From chest pain to sweating, there are various red flags pointing to a heart attack. However, Dr Nighat warned that symptoms in women might be more difficult to spot. Speaking on ITV’s This Morning, she said: “In women, the symptoms are slightly insidious, they just might not get that ache. “They might just get that pressure or feeling of fullness, pain sometimes in both arms. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Dry skin in this area could be a sign of high levels - 'Contact a GP' “They might have other symptoms where they just feel really tired, fatigued, and achy, or shoulder blade pain, or feeling lightheaded and dizziness. “Those are all symptoms that could indicate that a cardiovascular event is either going to happen or about to happen.” “And that’s what we miss in women.” Fortunately, awareness of this symptom disparity could help women identify the warning signs promptly.  Dr Nighat explained that one of the reasons for the lack of awareness around heart attack symptoms in women is sexism which is also obvious in research. This is mirrored by a study that only considered men when researching heart attack signs. The doctor said: “This is alarming…women's healthcare and women-led research is very poorly done. “What they did with particularly heart attack cases is that they looked at men’s data. READ MORE: 'I knew I was going to hear it one day' Sarah Beeny on the cancer diagnosis she expected “So, the typical pressure on the chest, pain in the left arm, pain going up to the jaw. “Men tend to have a different structure in regards to their hormones. We have oestrogen and progesterone. “Women get pregnant so the pressure on our vascular system is slightly different. “But they did the data on men and they said women are exactly the same.” Another study, led by scientists at Imperial College London, also found that nearly 12,000 women in the UK have missed out on appropriate care, with some even dying as a result. The researchers found that five percent of women who had a heart attack were wrongly classified as not at high risk of death. This research looked at data from 420,000 patients across Europe between 2005 and 2017. Dr Nighat added: “It’s so shocking. The gender bias and sexism that is happening in research is horrific.”