Plague of Amsterdam marks the opening episode of season two of Van der Valk, which first debuted on ITV back in 2020. Van der Valk is a remake of the original 70s series, which itself is based on the novels of Nicolas Freeling. Episode one follows the eponymous detective, who is called upon to solve a gruesome murder of a solicitor whose body has been mutilated and left in wind farm with a mysterious note left in a coat pocket. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the new series of the show and its cast, including where you may recognise them from. Piet Van Der Valk - Marc Warren Marc Warren reprises his role as the Dutch detective Piet van der Valk as he’s enlisted to crack a new set of crimes. British star Warren has featured across film and television in projects including Band of Brothers, State of Play, Wanted, and Green Street. Lucienne Hassell - Maimie McCoy Maimie McCoy will again be joining the show as the detective’s partner Lucienne Hassell. McCoy previously starred in White House Farm, A Confession, and All Creatures Great and Small as well as roles in the films The Libertine, Early Days, and Personal Affairs. READ MORE: Van Der Valk location: Where is Van Der Valk filmed? Where's it set? Brad De Vries - Luke Allen-Gale Luke Allen-Gale again returns to the show as Brad De Vries as another member of the team, who has some clashes with his other officers. Allan-Gale has also appeared in Doom: Annihilation, Dominion, The Borgias, Captain America: The First Avenger, and Arietty. Job Cloovers - Elliot Barnes-Worrell Brilliant rookie cop Job Cloovers is back on the scene with Elliot Barnes-Worrell coming back to the part. Actor Barnes-Worrell’s past credits include Jericho, Ready Player One, Dolitte, as well as treading the boards as part of the Royal Shakespeare Company. Hendrik Davie - Darrell D’Silva Darrell D’Silva will once more portray pathologist Hendrik Davie, who will be breaking down the forensics each week. D’Silva has featured in BBC series Informer, Wrath of Man, Northmen - A Viking Saga and Netflix’s Top Boy. Julia Dahlman - Emma Fielding Back as Chief Commissaris Julia Dahlman is actress Emma Fielding, who will again be playing the boss of the team. Fielding has starred in many different projects over the years, such as Unforgotten, Cranford, Les Misérables, and The Government Inspector. Cliff Palache - Mike Libanon Mike Libanon takes on Cliff Palache after parts in Women of the Night, Oogappels, Kill Switch, Fashion Planet, and Celblok H. Homeless Frank - Peter Van Heeringen Peter Van Heeringen will once more portray Homeless Frank after appearing in the first series with the Dutch actor also featuring in Tweede Hans, Force, and Flikken Maastricht. Jan Ludlow - Mark Rietman Mark Rietman joins the cast for season two as Jan Ludlow following on from Vuurzee, Out geld, Intensive Care, and Here & meester. Lina Linderman - Loes Haverkort Back in the frame of Van der Valk as Lina Linderman is Loes Haverkort and the actress has starred in Celblok H, De yacht, DNA, and The Legend of Redbad. DON'T MISS...Shetland's Douglas Henshall finally explains why he quit BBC series [INSIGHT]'Shall we go?' Vernon Kay and Gyles Brandreth walk off This Morning [VIDEO]This Morning backlash as Twitter trolls attack guest Jessica Alves [VIEWER REACTION] Juliana Holt - Saskia Neville Saskia Neville stars as Juliana Holt with the ITV series marking one of her first roles after working as a stunt performer on the likes of Wonder Woman 1984, Renaissances, Rebel, and H4Z4RD. Rita Wyngarden - Liliana De Vries Rita Wyngarden is portrayed by Liliana De Vries, who has featured in Het huis Anubis, Mannenharten, and Mannenharten 2. Roland De Windt - Joseph Millson Actor and singer Joseph Millson is Roland De Windt and counts credits in Casino Royale, Angel Has Fallen, I Give It a Year, and 24: Live Another Day. Other cast members include Beatie Edney as Cassie Davids, Marcel Hensema as Django Keet, Robert Boulter as Tonie Alderlink, Anneke Sluiters as Anna Paglia, Ruben Brinkman as Ruud Lipman, and Deirdre Duisterhof as Susie De Windt. Van der Talk season 2 starts on ITV this evening at 8pm