Barcelona striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was the victim of a violent robbery at his home in Castelldefels in the early hours of Monday morning, according to reports in Spain. The 33-year-old and his wife were supposedly intimidated into opening a safe during a terrifying encounter, which saw them threatened with firearms and iron bars. Spanish media outlet El Pais claim that four men entered the house through the garden before taking several valuable items from the safe. Aubameyang and his wife were reportedly threatened with guns and iron bars as physical force was used against the Barcelona star. Police were supposedly notified of the frightening affair in the early hours of Monday morning after the thieves had fled. Several witnesses are believed to have seen the robbers making their getaway with a Catalan police investigation already underway. Aubameyang's representatives have been contacted by Express Sport for comment. The Gabonese forward only moved to Barcelona earlier this year when his four-year spell at Arsenal came to an end following a spat with manager Mikel Arteta. Despite living in Spain for a matter of months, there has been plenty of speculation this summer that he could return to England. Chelsea and Manchester United are among those rumoured to be keeping tabs on his situation with Barca keen to make room on their wage bill. Aubameyang has scored over 300 goals during a glittering career at club level and is the all-time record goalscorer for the Gabon national team.  Chelsea appear to have shown the most concrete interest in signing Aubameyang this summer, having reportedly offered Barcelona £15million plus Marcos Alonso for the veteran forward. La Blaugrana supposedly want straight cash, however, as financial difficulties complicate the process of registering their new signings. A reunion with Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel could be welcomed by Aubameyang, given the fruitful manager-player partnership they enjoyed with Borussia Dortmund. Barca represent the striker's first foray into Spanish football and he made an immediate impression after arriving in February, scoring 11 goals in 17 La Liga matches last term. Aubameyang was an unused substitute as Barcelona thrashed Valladolid 4-0 on Sunday and he appeared to wave goodbye to fans during a friendly against Manchester City last Wednesday. 