CBS’ hit procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles came to a satisfying end after the season 13 finale in May. While fans reflected on the series, bosses have shared a hilarious blooper reel which saw the stars step out of character after a blunder over their lines.  Viewers got a major look into the filming of season 13 after bosses released a behind-the-scenes blooper reel. The clip contained a hilarious compilation of the stars messing up their lines or getting distracted while the camera was rolling. The actors including Eric Christian Olsen made an explicit remark after realising their error. As for the Deeks star, he didn’t fumble his lines but was met with shock after an expected sound on set. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview  The blooper real from the season 13 DVD, posted on the Instagram account @ericchristianolsenfans, showed a clip which featured Deeks and Kensi Blye (played by Daniela Ruah). As the two prepared for their scene, the actors read their lines until they were taken aback by a loud groan. Stepping out of character, Eric asked: “What the actual f**k was that?” While Daniela laughed and looked through a monocular and jokingly responded: “That was an elephant.”     As the two laughed: Eric added: “Sorry, you can’t use that, I sounded like someone was mauled by a bear." While Daniela tried to imitate the sound with a loud straining sound. This reel also included a clip with G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) and Devin Roundtree (Caleb Castille). The moment saw the agents approach someone at a desk, who didn’t hear them arrive due to headphones. DON'T MISS...EastEnders theory: Beloved resident exits in pregnancy twist [THEORY]NCIS' Pauley Perrette announces major new career change away from TV [INSIGHT]NCIS’ Sean Murray sparks Tony DiNozzo comeback calls with cryptic post [INSIGHT]  After Callen brazenly tapped on the headset and got the guy’s attention, he introduced them both. As he held up his ID, Callen said: “NCIS, Agent Roundtree and O’Donnell.” After realising he said his real name instead of his character’s name, he asked: “O’Donnell?” As he and Caleb made their way back to their original spot, the crew behind the scenes roared with laughter.   Fans also found the blooper reel hilarious as they took to the comments with their appreciation for the cast. @kathyfink5 wrote: “Love the bloopers, thank you so much for posting them. Wow, they should let us see more of these. Funny, Funny.” A second fan @carolababer added: “Looks like they all have such fun, thank you for sharing.” As @greenacres83 commented: “Kensi and Deeks are too funny! Love these bloopers.” NCIS Los Angeles season 14 premieres on Sunday, October 9, on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced. 