 Van Der Valk landed on Sunday with the first episode of season two. However, just minutes into the show, fans slammed the ITV murder mystery over the characters' inaccurate accents.    The series first landed on screens in 2020, with Marc Warren starring lead as Dutch detective Piet Van der Valk. The show is a reboot of the 1972 crime drama of the same name which came to an end in 1977 after five seasons. Based in Amsterdam, the series followed Detective Piet and his team as they investigated mysterious murders across the city. Despite the thrilling storylines, fans were confused by the actors having English accents despite claiming to be Netherland natives. READ MORE: The Blacklist season 10 theory: Red suffers memory loss in fan twist   Taking to Twitter with anger @GoobRoob stated: “Honestly just can’t wrap me head around why this is in Amsterdam but everyone alerts to be English. Like I just don’t get it [sic].” A confused @CombeGibbet added: “My old home town of Amsterdam on [Van Der Valk]. Not quite sure why he's a Cockney now though.” A third viewer @joy9kat tweeted: “Shock. Horror. They aren't speaking Dutch! Wonder if there will be as many complaints as Murder in Provence.” @ZaphCamden wrote: “I can’t take this programme seriously as everyone seems to have a thick London accent despite allegedly being Dutch.”    Despite the backlash, other fans defended the show, showering it with praise. An impressed @magso5 wrote: “Love Marc Warren. Wasn't sure he was right for [Van Der Valk] after the first series, but I was wrong.” As @dobbojenks1974 stated: “Best detective show on TV is on at present, absolute class, Van Der Valk, none better.” Although the series was a reboot, original fans weren’t distracted by the inaccuracy as Barry Foster who first portrayed Piet Van Der Valk also kept his English accent. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Double exit for Vanessa Woodfield and Suzy Merton [THEORY]Van Der Valk's Lucienne star recalls traumatic on-set experience [INSIGHT]Van Der Valk location: Where was Van Der Valk season 2 filmed? [INSIGHT]  In the most recent episode, Piet and his partner Lucienne Hassell (Maimie McCoy) worked with their team of experts to resolve the mysterious death of Solicitor Susie De Windt. Susie was the first to be found in a trail of dead bodies left by a serial killer. The corpses were discovered with cryptic clues which included puzzling notes and mysterious X’s marked on their bodies. Alongside clues with religious and ethical meanings, the team were able to find the killer and ultimately close the case.    As well as Marc and Maimie, Van Der Valk also starred Elliot Barnes Worrell, Luke Allen-Gale, Emma Fielding and Darrell D'Silva. Thankfully for fans, they will be able to see more of these characters as season three was confirmed and is currently in production. Season three is set to be released in 2023 and although it is yet to be confirmed, there's a chance the main actors will reprise their roles Although fans have slammed the series, it’s unlikely bosses will change the accents any time soon. Van Der Valk continues Sunday at 8pm on ITV.   