In Adrien Rabiot, Manchester United could be about to sign one of Juventus’ most unpopular players, according to an Italian football journalist. The Frenchman could end up causing more issues than Cristiano Ronaldo as Erik ten Hag struggles to keep the talismanic forward at the club. Rabiot has endured an unsuccessful stint at Juventus since signing from PSG in 2019. The France international has made 129 appearances - but has scored just six times and contributed a further six assists. His lack of performance has been worsened by his huge wage bill of £6million per year meaning the Old Lady are desperate to get him off the books. United have had an offer of around £15m accepted for the 29-time capped international and have now entered negotiations with the player’s agent, his mother Veronique. She has gained a reputation as a fearsome negotiator so it may not be easy for the club to actually come to an agreement. The move has caught the eye of Italian football journalist Alvise Cagnazzo who has slammed the potential signing. He has described the Frenchman as one of the most unpopular players at Juventus, and a player the Turin side will be glad to be rid of. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag explains benching Ronaldo for Brighton clash The journalist also stressed the issues created by the player’s representatives, particularly his mother Veronique. She has caused problems with club officials and other players and their families. “His entourage has presented further unwanted issues,” Cagnazzo wrote in the Daily Mail. “This is in part due to the reputation that has been bestowed upon his mother, Veronique, who has clashed with figures within the game during her son's career. “Veronique represents Rabiot and is said to have clashed with the star's teammates and sporting directors as well as having demanded to meet managers and attend training sessions to ensure her son was being treated and tended to in the right way.” DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join This could cause further problems for Ten Hag after all the difficulties he has faced so far this summer with wantaway forward Ronaldo. The Portugal skipper has asked to leave the club and missed much of pre-season as he tried to force a move away. He has continued to cause issues at Old Trafford since his return, leaving the stadium early after being subbed off at half-time during the friendly, leading to a talking-to from his new boss. Ten Hag appears to have created more issues for himself with his interest in Rabiot. It remains to be seen how he will handle the 27-year-old in order to achieve the best results for the team. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it