The Capture follows detective Rachel Carey (played by Holliday Grainger) as she tries to navigate the world of digital intelligence and deepfake technology. BBC viewers were gripped throughout the first season and had high expectations for the new six-part series. However, many felt "something was lacking" when the first instalment of season two aired on BBC One on Sunday evening. The first series saw Rachel join the mysterious Correction which was behind terrifying deepfake technology. She has returned to head the latest investigation, which sees "Britain under siege" as news feeds and manipulated media get out of control. The second season is set to explore deepfake technology as its most destructive as Rachel and her team try and get to the bottom of a fresh conspiracy. Viewers had high expectations for the second series following the tremendous success of the first season, but many were not impressed with the comeback episode. READ MORE: Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview Debbie Blackman tweeted: "I'm disappointed that #CallumTurner hasn't returned for series two. His story hadn't seemed finished #TheCapture." @vune13 quipped: "Accidentally saw some of #TheCapture waiting for MOTD. "Never seen more cliched scripts (every line!) or melodramatic acting. The 'Ghost busters' line! 6th form drama stuff. It's hilarious. Got to be a spoof?" (sic) Andi commented: "Something's lacking here. The first series was excellent. #TheCapture."  Sabrina added: "This is boring. The first series was brilliant. #TheCapture." Despite the criticism on social media, other viewers thoroughly enjoyed the gripping opening instalment of the new series. Helen Jerome added: "As if we weren’t all paranoid enough #TheCapture is back to make us mistrust every blooming thing. Featuring the devilishly good @Tiltinglia21Lia and now @PaapaEssiedu too!" Dawn O'Brien remarked: "If you’re not neurotic before watching the @BBCOnedrama #TheCapture, you soon will be. Fantastic acting, tension, thrills, a 10/10." (sic) DON'T MISS...Shetland’s Tosh star appears to confirm major character's death [LATEST]Actor Burt Lancaster suffered from two 'major' conditions before death [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife boss confirms new arrival at Nonnatus House [UPDATE] One character who was absent from Sunday's episode was Shaun Emery (Callum Turner) who has not reprised his role in the BBC drama. Shaun was fighting to clear his name after being accused of kidnapping and murdering his barrister in series one. The show's creator Ben Chanan said the character's storyline was "wrapped up" by the end of the first series. "He was framed for a crime he didn’t commit but had a nagging feeling about a crime he did," Ben told The Metro.  The Capture continues on Sundays at 9pm on BBC One and episodes can be watched on BBC iPlayer. 