The transfer window slams shut for another year on Thursday as teams in the Premier League have until 11pm to register any new recruits for the first half of the coming season. Teams such as Chelsea, Arsenal, Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur have been busy this year as they attempt to revive their fortunes after mixed results last season. Despite many clubs being financially struck as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, this year has seen the biggest outlays on transfers in Premier League history. With deadline day just days away, reports from last week showed that overall, spending in the top flight had hit £1.5billion. The record prior to that was in 2017 when £1.43billion was splashed on new signings. Chris Wood, assistant director in Deloitte’s Sports Business Group, said of the data: "The record levels of spending that we’ve seen in this summer transfer window so far provides a sign that the business models of Premier League clubs are rebounding post-covid. "Whilst this is encouraging, the importance of clubs establishing responsible and sustainable spending policies cannot be overstated. "Clubs must balance their desire to be competitive on-pitch with the need to protect long-term financial and operational viability." Among the stars seemingly pining for a move is Portugal legend Cristiano Ronaldo. The star, who is currently employed by Manchester United, has been widely linked with a move away from the Old Trafford side as he looks for Champions League football. The clubs reportedly interested in him are Chelsea and Sporting Lisbon. JUST IN: Ronaldo receives new Napoli offer with star desperate for Man Utd exit But the clamour around bringing one of the game's most enduring and influential characters may never have materialised after his first season in England saw him criticised by a Liverpool legend. Ronaldo transferred to Manchester from Lisbon in 2003, and after his first season Match of the Day pundit Alan Hansen complained that he had to improve his game. He said: "He has got the tricks and party pieces, we know that, but they're not much good unless there is something at the end of it all. "We still have to remember, of course, that the lad is only 19 years of age. DON'T MISS:Man Utd plan for Victor Osimhen emerges with or without Ronaldo [INSIGHT]Man Utd think they have a Ronaldo replacement that can save Glazers [ANALYSIS]Man Utd transfer news LIVE: Antony announcement, Ten Hag 'rejected' [LIVE] "Considering that, you have to say he has got massive talent. "His feet are mesmerising at times, and if he can couple that with some consistently good crossing, the future looks frightening." Ronaldo would go on to claim an incredible five Ballon d'Or wins, and four European Golden Shoes — a record for a player from Europe. As well as his personal accolades, Ronaldo has won a staggering 32 team trophies in his illustrious career, including five Champions League titles and the UEFA European Championship. In terms of records, he also holds the records for most appearances, goals and assists in Champions League history, and in the UEFA European Championship. Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel reportedly spoke to close friend and former Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick to ask for his impression of Ronaldo ahead of a potential transfer. According to Sports Bible, Tuchel was unimpressed by what he heard and therefore did not act on Chelsea's initial interest in the superstar. Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag remained coy when asked about the Portuguese's future ahead of his side's victory over Southampton: "I cannot say that [Ronaldo will stay]. "We will be alert until the last second in the transfer market."