The children of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, are cousins of Prince Harry and Prince William. Harry and Meghan Markle are said to have been close with Eugenie and Beatrice, with a rift between them “healing quietly” according to Richard Fitzwilliams. However, while growing up, royal author Tina Brown claimed Eugenie and Beatrice were “banned” from seeing William and Harry while growing up. In her book, ‘The Palace Papers’, Ms Brown claimed Sarah and Diana had a falling out in 1996, leading to a rift between the families. The “banishment” for Eugenie and Beatrice from their cousin’s lives was due to Diana allegedly 'fatwa'd' her sister in law "for revealing she had developed verrucae after borrowing Diana’s shoes”. The royal biographer explained it was an example where Diana had developed a habit of "cutting out people" in the boys' lives. According to Woman and Home, who had an extract of the book, Ms Brown then adds Diana’s habit for Harry and William continued "throughout their childhood”. She added that while Diana was devoted to Harry and William, “there was a destructive side to Diana’s mothering”. Despite the childhood separation, Eugenie is thought to share a close bond with Harry after she visited him in California last year and the pair attended the Super Bowl together. Harry was also spotted sharing a joke with Beatrice and Eugenie at a St Paul’s Cathedral thanksgiving service for the Queen to mark her Platinum Jubilee in June. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Sussex Squad lauds 'Princess Meghan' - new honour It comes after Mr Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk in July that Beatrice and Eugenie are “healing rifts quietly" with Meghan and Harry. He said: “I suspect the York sisters’ good relations with Harry and Meghan are very beneficial to the monarchy. “It is perhaps a relief that we don’t know any details, but the healing of rifts is best done quietly.” The royal expert previously suggested Eugenie played role in getting Harry and Meghan to the Platinum Jubilee, saying: “A tremendous amount of work went on behind the scenes that we don’t know about. “Princess Eugenie, who gets on with them, very likely was involved in that.” DON'T MISS IDS savaged in heated live radio row over cost crisis 'God's sake!' Bank offers 3.25% interest on savings up to £1 million - ‘top' pick British energy bills forecast to soar above £5,000 by 2023 Eugenie has been living at Frogmore Cottage - previously the home of Meghan and Harry - with her husband and baby son August since 2020. Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank have been raising their one-year-old son there since Harry and Meghan made the sensational decision to step back from royal duties and move to America in 2020. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex previously moved into Frogmore Cottage in April 2019, shortly before their son Archie Harrison was born.