Arsenal transfer chief Edu was reportedly seen boarding a flight to Spain on Sunday morning, with Gunners fans licking their lips at the prospect of more summer signings. The north London giants have started their new Premier League campaign with two victories and excitement is starting to build at the Emirates Stadium. Edu appears to be on the lookout for more talent to join the Gunners ranks - and Express Sport takes a look at four La Liga deals he could try to thrash out during his visit. Yeremy Pino Perhaps the most likely deal Edu is trying to push through is the one for Villarreal winger Yeremy Pino. The 19-year-old Spain international has been heavily linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium recently following his rapid rise to prominence at the Estadio de la Ceramica. The wonderkid made 40 appearances in all competitions last season, bagging seven goals and four assists. And he played seven times in the Champions League as Villarreal reached the semi-finals of the competition before succumbing to Liverpool. Arnaut Danjuma Edu may also try to negotiate a deal for Arnaut Danjuma while he’s at the Estadio de la Ceramica. The 25-year-old forward left Bournemouth last summer to join Villarreal and enjoyed a sensational campaign in Spain as he found the back of the net 16 times in 34 matches. READ MORE: Arsenal given green light for Pino transfer by Emery  Danjuma proved he could mix it with the best in Europe as he notched six times in the Champions League. And if Edu could tempt him to north London, Arsenal would bolster their firepower in front of goal even more. Carlos Soler Arsenal have been linked with another Villarreal star in the past, in the shape of Carlos Soler. The 25-year-old midfielder was first tipped to move to north London two summers ago but has remained in Spain. Last season, the Spain international racked-up 38 appearances for his side. And he chipped in with his fair share of goal contributions as he found the back of the net 12 times and provided five assists. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already   Marco Asensio Edu could stop off in Madrid while he’s in Spain to see if Real Madrid are willing to sanction a move for Marco Asensio. The winger is out of contract at the end of the season and has courted interest from Arsenal in the past. Asensio, who has played 29 times for Spain, was in and out of the Real team last season but didn’t make it off the bench for their Champions League final victory over Liverpool. So the 26-year-old could be open to a move. 