State pension payments will be vital for millions, but people will get different amounts. This is usually down to the National Insurance contributions a person makes throughout their working lifetime.  The full new state pension typically requires some 35 qualifying years, with the full basic state pension needing 30 qualifying years. However, when it comes to comparisons between the old and new schemes, there is somewhat of a gender disparity. Men who retired after 2016 on the new state pension receive a smaller sum than their older counterparts due to the overhaul of the state pension system. In the past, groups such as women and carers have been disadvantaged, but the new system has sought to redress this balance. READ MORE: State pensioners may be left with just £11 a day in energy bills shock Official DWP figures show men are on average £102 worse off each year under the new state pension arrangement. For example, the average man receive £170.49 weekly under the new system, but £172.71 on the old - as workers could often pay for add ons in the hopes of increasing state pension payments. The latest figures show the average woman received £146.78 on the older, basic state pension scheme. However, the average woman on the new state pension now receives £165.05 per week. DON'T MISSLloyds Bank issues scam warning on ‘today only’ supermarket voucher [WARNING]Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE]Over 55s warned of 3 ‘hidden risks’ of tapping into pension [ANALYSIS] It represents a gender shift which may carry on into the future, according to one pension expert. Sir Steve Webb, former pensions minister, told the Telegraph: “The new state pension costs roughly the same as the old but we rebalanced the distribution a bit towards those who were doing badly under the older system. “The money to pay for that came mostly from men.” It could mean that by 2030, women may receive a higher state pension than men. Recently, changes were heralded for women retirees, after research found the state pension is “reducing the gender retirement gap”. READ MORE: State pensioners' income slashed by £800 amid cost of living crisis Analysis shared with Express.co.uk earlier this year by Canada Life showed a changing picture for women when it comes to the state pension. Their research showed men who reached state pension age before April 2016, the average state pension is £172.64 per week. For women on the older scheme, however, the average state pension payment per week is £145.87. There has been a marked improvement for women when it comes to the new state pension, according to Canada Life. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The average new state pension figure for women is £164.74 weekly for women, while it has slightly dropped for men at £170.50 per week. Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life, told Express.co.uk: “It is positive to see the new state pension is reducing the gender retirement gap. “However women are still facing retirement with substantially less saved in their pensions than men. “There is much work to be done to help boost women’s retirement incomes.”