Manchester United have been handed a boost in their pursuit of Frenkie de Jong following reports that the Barcelona midfielder has made a U-turn and is now open to joining the Red Devils this summer. The Dutchman is said to have grown 'angry' at how he is being treated by the Spanish giants, who he feels are pressuring him to leave the club.  The 25-year-old has resisted United's attempts to sign him so far this summer as he has sought to resolve his future with the Blaugrana. The cash-strapped Catalan club owe De Jong around £14million in unpaid wages and are thought to have informed the midfielder that he must take a sizeable wage cut if he is to remain at the Nou Camp going forward. With no such solution having been agreed upon and Barcelona keen to rebalance their books, the La Liga side are open to moving the midfielder on. According to Sport, De Jong has now grown incensed by the Blaugrana's handling of his situation and feels he is being pushed out of the club. In addition, the midfielder is thought to have come round to the idea of leaving before the transfer window closes. The Spanish outlet claim De Jong, who was initially understood to be unwilling to join United, has now performed a U-turn and is open to the idea of linking up with Erik ten Hag's Red Devils.   De Jong is said to have told Barcelona's dressing room that he could end up going to Old Trafford after all. Should a move to Manchester finally take place, it is thought the Dutchman views a potential deal happening late on in the window. As well as hoping to continue with Barcelona, De Jong is believed to have considered United's lack of Champions League football this campaign as a key factor in his reluctance to reunite with Ten Hag at Old Trafford. United are understood to have had a £72m agreement in place for weeks, however, they now face competition for De Jong's services from Premier League counterparts Chelsea.   The Blues are said to be prepared to match United's fee and help resolve the player's wage dispute which has seen a deal become complicated. De Jong has made clear his desire to remain at the Nou Camp this summer. The former Ajax star previously branded it a 'childhood dream' to play for Barcelona, however saw some of the club's fans hurl abuse at him when arriving for training on Wednesday. As talks between De Jong and Barcelona continue behind the scenes, a waiting group shouted in Spanish: "Lower your salary, b****". 