Unbelievable profits are being attained by energy companies, fuel companies and banks who raise mortgage rates quickly and are paying a pittance in interest. With VAT collected by the Government on energy and fuel also mind-blowing, the Treasury should be awash with money. But prompt appointments at doctors' surgeries are becoming harder and harder to access and dental services are now even worse. Not to mention ambulances queuing at A&E departments with patients stuck there for hours on end. What a shambles! I am no economist but Rishi Sunak has it wrong. He stresses the priority to tackle inflation by interest rate rises and keeping taxes high to reduce our national debt at the same time, says Jim Sokol from Minehead, Somerset. These are not normal times and families need urgent relief now. For me it is the Liz Truss plan that wins; reduce business rates, put a moratorium on the green levy and scrap the NI rise. Rishi will not struggle financially. With his plan many of us will.   The time should have come years ago regarding China. Its rulers are trouble, like their Russian counterparts, thinking that they want to rule everything, says Nigel Clemow from Newquay, Cornwall. China is responsible for the Covid outbreak, is strangling nations with debt and now there is the trouble in Taiwan. Do not sit back and do nothing. We need sanctions, trade embargoes, cancelling debt from the nations that owe them and targeting all financial transactions. Let us see how they cope with no income. Now is a good time while China struggles with Covid that it has come home to roost.  I totally agree with Clifford Chambers (Letters, August 7). The UK is full and we can not take any more of these migrants crossing the English Channel illegally, says Peter Roulston from Loughborough, Leicestershire. Due to overpopulation it is impossible to get appointments at doctors and dentists, although some dentists offer appointments if you go "private". The Border Force vessels at sea should turn the boat people back towards France. The RNLI is also putting to sea to be a ferry service and picking up these people when they should be on standby to offer their services to save people in distress at sea.  Birmingham can hold its head high for successfully hosting the 2022 Commonwealth Games, with the help of 14,000 volunteers, a shining example to the rest of the world, says Ray Leyden from Morden, Surrey We can all learn lessons from this, a family of nations with a shared history promoting sisterhood and brotherhood with a goodwill message for all. Other countries, such as those in the former USSR, can see that we do not have to go war and impose our will on others. It is much better to establish a framework that works for the higher ideals of peace and co-operation and builds a better world. 