Lewis Hamilton could be set to backtrack over his F1 retirement plans in a bid to hunt down his eighth world title. Hamilton’s current Mercedes deal expires at the end of 2023 meaning next season could be his last in the sport. But, the seven-time world champion now says he has considered signing a new contract to stay in F1 for 2024 and beyond. He told Vogue: “I’ll be lying if I said that I hadn’t thought about extending. “I’m still on the mission, I’m still loving driving, I’m still being challenged by it. So I don’t really feel like I have to give it up anytime soon.” However, a new deal would be going against Hamilton’s previous promise to quit before his 40s. Speaking last year, Hamilton told Corriere della Sera: “I honestly hope I’m not racing at 40. There are so many things I want to do that it would be difficult. But in life, the evolution is so fast that it can surprise you.” Hamilton reiterated these views ahead of the new season, revealing he already had plans for life after F1. READ MORE: Hamilton vows to 'prove people wrong again' amid F1 retirement claims He explained: “I haven’t thought about that number, because I’m 37 so I still have a bit to go. I honestly haven’t thought about it and don’t plan on being here past that age. Hopefully, I have some other fun things to get on with.” Hamilton will be 38 by the end of next season meaning any extension is likely to see him cross into his 40s. He could sign another one-year extension and still leave at age 39 but Mercedes will likely want to offer another multi-year deal after the six championships Hamilton has delivered for the team. Hamilton’s change of heart could be down to his desire to win an eighth world title before hanging up his helmet. DON'T MISSToto Wolff gets his wish as FIA president announces new rules changes [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton feels targeted by FIA as he discusses F1 jewellery ban  [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton left sobbing as he 'struggled like hell' in early years [INSIGHT] The Mercedes star may also want to bring Mercedes back to being competitive after the team’s struggles this year. Earlier this season Hamilton revealed his strong feelings for the Silver Arrows, admitting he was “100 per cent committed” to Mercedes. F1 boss and former Mercedes team principal Ross Brawn also claimed Hamilton was not looking at an F1 exit just yet. He added: “Amid all the glitz and glamour, you still have a very determined racing driver. “He’s still supremely fit and capable. I’m pretty certain he wants to win that eighth championship and if not this year, as looks likely, then next year.”