Search teams were deployed to a residential street in Stalybridge, Greater Manchester shortly after 6.30pm. Police say the body of a teenage girl has now been found in the water off Crowswood Drive. The street is close to both the River Tame and two fishing lakes.  Formal identification has taken place and the family are being supported by specially-trained officers. An investigation is underway but Tameside CID are "confident" that there are not any suspicious circumstances surrounding her death. Detective Inspector Steven Horton, of Tameside CID, said: “Yesterday evening’s events are nothing short of devastating. "My thoughts are with the friends and family of the young girl who lost her life in such awful circumstances.   “We are doing all we can to support the girl’s family at this incredibly difficult time, and we are focused on ensuring they get the answers they deserve as to how this tragedy occurred. “From our enquiries so far, we are confident that there are no suspicious circumstances and that this is such a sad reminder of the dangers of entering open water, whatever the weather.” A number of emergency services were in attendance at the search yesterday, including air ambulances and a Hazardous Area Response team. An underwater drone was performing a grid search of the open water area last night. READ MORE: Cornwall has experiences flooding and thunderstorms A number of residents were seen standing near the cordon, but only family and close friends were allowed through. A woman at the scene described the events as "heartbreaking". She told the Manchester Evening News: "It makes you not want to let your kids away from the front porch. We keep hearing stories of people drowning in open water. They don’t understand the dangers of it." A resident of Crowswood Drive has said the area is usually used for fishing and that he has never seen anyone swimming in the waters.  DON'T MISS:Angry Brit jumps in front of combine harvester - VID [VIDEO]Girl, 12, rushed to hospital after swimmer dives on her head [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated after court makes mockery of 'de-nazification' claims [COMMENT] He said: "Even in all this hot weather I have only seen two people in rowing boats. This is just heartbreaking to hear, and you don't expect it to happen so close to home. "I got home around 6pm and not long after I heard people screaming and shouting for help. It was just minutes later that there were loads of ambulances pulling up and the area was closed off shortly after."  