Yesterday, August 22, Buckingham Palace announced that Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis will be attending a new school in September. The Palace's statement read: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have today announced that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will attend Lambrook School in Berkshire from September 2022." The Cambridge children were at Thomas' Battersea before school broke for the summer holidays. This is where George and Charlotte started their education, in 2017 and 2019 respectively. When Charlotte attended school for the first time, she wore the same school uniform as everyone else in her year, but accessorised her outfit so that she would stand out - a pink keyring. The young royal donned a red and navy blue school uniform, opting for a cardigan and a skirt. READ MORE: Expert spots subtle clue Duchess is ‘faking it’ with her body language Her brother wore the same uniform, but chose a jumper and a pair of shorts. Both children wore black shoes - Mary Janes for Charlotte and loafers for George. They also had backpacks, which their parents carried for them as they held their hands to walk to the school's gates. The backpacks were navy, but Charlotte had accessorised her with a sparkling pink unicorn keyring.  Before this, Charlotte had already proven herself as a unicorn fan as she had been seen carrying a unicorn purse in 2019. The purse was from TY, who confirmed on Instagram: "If you've ever wondered whether or not you have good taste in accessories, you can now be certain that you're just as impeccably accessorised as the Royal Family! "Princess Charlotte used her very own #tyfashion wristlet to cheer on her daddy at a polo match! "We're still completely star struck." The unicorn keyring may have been bought by the Cambridges on Amazon. There is a pack of eight unicorn charms for sale on the website for as little as £8, which makes each keyring only £1. There are various colours too: blue, green, white, multicoloured, and pink like Charlotte's. Charlotte may wear this unicorn charm to Lambrook school too come September. Like St Thomas' Battersea, Lambrook is a private school with high fees. Princess Charlotte's education will cost £6,448 per term, or £19,344 a year. As he is older, Prince George's education will cost his parents £6,999 per term, or £20,997 a year. Meanwhile, Prince Louis will start reception at Lambrook, which costs £4,389 per term, or £13,167 across all three terms.