Struggling to find an activity to enjoy with the family that's affordable? Buyagift is offering a fantastic deal where families can get free days out, making it the perfect way to make the most of the school holidays. There’s nothing more memorable than a day out with the family, however with the rising cost of living, prices have shot up and it’s become harder to find activities that don’t break the bank. It’s estimated that parents spend an average of £1,000 on entertaining the children during the school holidays. In addition, searches for family days out on google have increased by 50 percent, compared to before the school holidays started. With this in mind, Buyagift is offering a new offer to parents and the UK’s leading gift experience provider is giving out free family days out. From entertainment parks to theatrical shows, Buyagift provides thousands of days out across the UK and the Family Days Out voucher includes 200 different types of experiences to choose from. Normally worth £34, the voucher includes activity like crazy golf, paintball, entry to animal parks, escape rooms, sightseeing tours, bowling and more. All families need to do to redeem the free voucher is to fill in the form via this link. But hurry - there are only 100 free vouchers available so you need to be fast to get your free day out. If you don’t manage to get one of the free vouchers, you can still buy the Family Days Out voucher for less than £30 as it’s currently on sale for £29.99. Zara Eck, Head of Brand at Buyagift said: “We know that people are really feeling the pinch right now with the cost-of-living crisis, and parents are feeling this more than ever during the school holidays when children need to be entertained.” She added: ”Coming up to the end of the school holidays is a particularly difficult time when parents are running out of ideas and money, so we wanted to provide some light relief for parents, by providing free family days out vouchers. We want to make sure that every family gets the chance to enjoy time together and make special memories this summer.” Please note, children must be aged 16 or older. Only one voucher is available per person and on a first come, first served basis.