Chelsea will need to convince Bayern Munich to part ways with Benjamin Pavard this summer if they are to secure the signature of their defensive target. The Bundesliga side are reportedly unsure about letting the Frenchman leave, which could see the Blues offer some of their own stars as part of the deal. Having missed out on several defensive targets already this summer, including Jules Kounde and Matthijs de Ligt, the Blues are desperate to strengthen their ranks before the start of the season. Kalidou Koulibaly has already signed for the club from Napoli, but Thomas Tuchel is reportedly in the market for another two more recruits in the defensive department. According to Sport 1, versatile defender Pavard has been ‘offered’ to both Chelsea and Manchester United, with questions raised about where the 26-year-old’s future lies. Though they go on to state that Bayern are ‘divided’ over if a sale this summer is entirely logical. Pavard can play in central defence and also as a right-back, meaning he is a like-for-like replacement position-wise for Cesar Azpilicueta, who has been heavily linked with a move to Barcelona – along with Marcos Alonso. However, Tuchel may be forced to part ways with more than simply money to convince Bayern to move Pavard on. Express Sport looks at three options... JUST IN: Chelsea ‘tell Barcelona they will bid for De Jong' in Man Utd blow Timo Werner One option for Chelsea is to offer Timo Werner a move back to Germany to get his career back on track. It is widely reported that the Blues are willing to let the forward leave the club on loan this summer, with a return to Red Bull Leipzig and Juventus thought to be on the cards. Chelsea could stand strong on their loan-only stance too, and that would not be unreasonable for Bayern to accept that type of move considering they took Philippe Coutinho from Barcelona on loan in 2019. The departure of Robert Lewandowski may leave Julian Nagelsmann’s side short of goals next season and they may see Werner as a short-term fix for those woes. DON'T MISS...Man Utd may deal Man City devastating setback if they clinch De JongEngland's White could match Man Utd icon Wayne Rooney in Euro finalMan Utd have four wonderkids who can wow Ten Hag and save millions Hakim Ziyech Moroccan playmaker Hakim Ziyech arrived at Stamford Bridge with high expectations, but his two past seasons in the Premier League have indicated that he is unlikely to reach them at Chelsea. The 29-year-old is reportedly ready to be offloaded by Tuchel’s side, with AC Milan thought to be the frontrunners to secure his signature. But that has been the case since the start of the summer, and if the Blues grow tired of negotiations with the Italian outfit then they could be tempted to try and use the former Ajax star in a deal to sign Pavard. Ziyech scored four and assisted three in 23 Premier League appearances last season, and a move to a completely new club could see him find his best form again. Callum Hudson-Odoi In 2020, it was reported that Bayern attempted to lure Callum Hudson-Odoi away from his boyhood club and to the Allianz Arena – and that move could be offered to them again if Chelsea no longer believe that the England international is a prized asset. He made just 15 league appearances last season under Tuchel, being used in a wing-back role on occasions to cater for preferred attacking talents. Several sides have been linked with Hudson-Odoi this summer but Chelsea may be more concerned about signing defensive recruits than improving their budget, which could open up the possibility of a swap deal with Bayern. Sadio Mane could be deployed as a striker by Nagelsmann next season, so adding another winger to their ranks may be seen as an ideal opportunity by the six-time Champions League winners.