I was on holiday with my three girlfriends, an annual fixture which was clobbered by Covid but is now happily back on course. The four of us spent £200 on one big supermarket shop which included a not inconsiderable amount of beer, wine and gin. It did us extremely well for the entire week and we didn't bother to eat out at all. Why would we? One of our number is an award-winning food writer/chef. I wore a sarong and flip-flops non-stop and thought (not for the first time) that it would be very agreeable to live like this permanently. I'm not going to lie, there is a part of me which is basically a beach bum. But. There is one thing holding me back, apart from money, emotional ties and the usual caveats. And that one thing is... mosquitos. I honestly don't think I could live in a country where the mosquitos are so keen to get me. I was stupidly negligent with the insect repellent on the first evening. And, boy, did I pay the price. A string of bites marched up both legs which turned into vast red welts topped off with a pus-filled blister in a fetching shade of orange. They itched like hell but even when the itching subsided they still looked vile and made getting out of bed in the morning quite painful because the skin was tight and swollen. I slathered on bite cream and was far more careful with the repellent after that. My friends had the odd bite but nothing as spectacularly awful as mine. "Don't scratch, Jen" they'd say - which is like telling someone who is dying of thirst not to drink. Back home now and the crimson scars are fading but I'm still covering my horribly mottled legs when I go out. I know. First-world problems. The global scourge of mosquito-borne diseases such as malaria, dengue fever and the zika virus makes my own whining very insignificant. And talking of whining. Do they have to make that noise? While I was feeling sorry for myself I turned to Dr Google and looked up "mosquito bite allergy". It seems that those of us who suffer are especially allergic to mosquito saliva (yuk!) and we suffer from something called "Skeeter syndrome". People will tell you that you must have very sweet blood to be so popular with mosquitos. Whatever that means. But now I shall be able to say importantly that I have Skeeter syndrome. Nothing like having a syndrome to big up some minor ailment. I'm feeling better already. As a teenager I loved Star Trek and admired the super-cool communications officer Lieutenant Uhura. Nichelle Nichols, who played her, died last week aged 89. Just one stern look from those beautiful eyes and Captain Kirk would humbly defer to her superior intellect. Since her death she has been described as a trailblazer for black women. I'm sure that's true. I didn't know, for example, that Martin Luther King talked her out of leaving the TV show for Broadway because he believed she opened doors for other African-American performers. But, hang on, it wasn't as if - in the late 1960s - everyone was clapping their foreheads in astonishment to see a black woman in an authoritative role on TV, though you'd think so from reading the obituaries. I don't remember anyone commenting on it at the time and I didn't think anything of it. There seemed to be plenty of terrific black artists then. Naive, I suppose. But I do sense a tendency to reframe history to suit modern sensitivities and portray the past as wall-to-wall racism. Even if you aren't much of a football fan it was a pleasant change to have something cheerful in the news when the Lionesses won the Euros 22 final at Wembly last Sunday. But those ponytails whipping from side to side are a positive menace. Put your eye out if you're not careful. At least the men only have their harmless man-buns and (in the dim and distant past) the 70s mullet to shake at the opposing team. Pretty soon I expect to see a yellow card will be given for the new footballing offence of aggressive pony-tailing. For a while (I've mentioned this before) I thought I'd keep a tally of how many times Liz Truss and her supporters use the word "deliver". But it was like trying to count grains of sand on the beach. Doesn't anyone else find it maddening apart from me? "Trusted to Deliver", say her posters. Truss-ted. Geddit? Look, post is delivered, babies are delivered and pizzas are delivered. And may the good Lord please quickly deliver us from another month of this stuff. How odd the Ukraine war is. Last week Putin allowed a shipment of grain to leave Odessa and sail for Lebanon. Why? Just to be nice? It seems unlikely. Meanwhile, a number of Ukrainian families who fled in the early days are returning home. Back then we wanted to scoop them all up in a warm embrace and keep them safe from Russian missiles. It seemed like the only thing that mattered. We forgot that they'd (understandably) want to go home as soon as possible. But how IS it possible? There's been no peace deal. The story of the war has sunk down the news schedules whereas six short months ago it felt as though we were on a snappy countdown to the Third World War. It seemed inevitable that the tanks would roll into Kyiv. But they never have. For a while, it looked as though Ukraine was winning. Now nobody is. Will it go on forever, this war of attrition? Then the Zelensky did a Vogue photoshoot with Annie Leibovitz. Was such self-promotion appropriate for the beleaguered leader who has made much of wearing the same T-shirt since February? Or was he trying to drum up more support from the West - which seems to be losing interest? This war is one of the most serious events of my lifetime and I think it will change everything. But I don't know how or when. Does anyone?