Kris Marshall portrayed the loveable DI Humphrey Goodman in Death in Paradise between 2014 and 2017. Earlier this year, the actor announced he would be starring in a spin-off series called Beyond Paradise which would be filmed in the UK rather than in the Caribbean. The 49-year-old star has now shared a filming announcement with fans of the BBC programme.  The father-of-two will be reprising his role as the awkward detective for Beyond Paradise. Death in Paradise fans last saw Humphrey leaving the fictional island of Saint Marie five years ago to be with his love interest Martha Lloyd (played by Sally Bretton). Beyond Paradise is set to follow the detective's relationship with Martha after his move back to Britain. Many details of the upcoming spin-off series have been kept tightly under wraps but Kris has let slip some "exciting" news. READ MORE: Strictly backlash as BBC announce seventh 2022 contestant: 'Who!' "We start shooting in a couple of weeks," he told Radio Times. "I’m extremely excited. "It’s carrying on from where we left Humphrey Goodman and Martha, with their new bucolic south-western lifestyle. "The classic Death in Paradise way of wrapping up the show is spun on its head a bit – not every episode is a murder – so more sheep rustling and stuff like that! "It puts an English Riviera spin on the show people know and love. Who needs the Caribbean?"  He appeared to confirm Humphrey and Martha are still an item and will most likely be solving murders in rural England. During a recent appearance on The One Show, Kris revealed: “We’re basically following Humphrey and his girlfriend Martha’s journey as they move in with the mother-in-law down in the South West. "His new role is as the detective inspector of the local constabulary and it's lots of fun.” While the BBC has not announced the full Beyond Paradise cast, it confirmed Sally will be reprising her role as Martha. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise spin-off: Has filming started on Beyond Paradise? [EXPLAINER]Who will star in the Death in Paradise spin-off? [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise spin-off confirms three major cast announcements [LATEST] Fans will recall Martha first appeared in season five of Death in Paradise during episode eight when she quite literally ran into her old pal Humphrey. The character went on to appear in another five episodes between series five and six. When she returned to London, Humphrey was left heartbroken but went on to visit her in the UK.  During season six's finale, Humphrey claimed he could not live without Martha and he declared his love for her. The detective then made plans to move to London to be with her which ended his stint on Death in Paradise. The spin-off series, which will include six episodes, is due to air next year. Death in Paradise episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 