The war in Ukraine has reached a watershed moment with the introduction of US-supplied High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems (HIMARS), which have been described as a "game changer" by retired US Army General Mark Hertling. The new weapons have resulted in a string of successful strikes on Russian targets and groups, including destroying Russian airbases and a Wagner HQ. Meanwhile, Moscow is reportedly carrying out forced conscriptions from prisons and offering cash incentives to existing troops to bolster and motivate its flailing ranks. Putin has also had to contend with the economic fallout of the invasion that saw unprecedented Western sanctions take aim at Russian oil, oligarchs, other entities and natural resources. Retired US General Barry McCaffrey said Putin is now "out of ideas" and will see his mission in Ukraine "get worse rapidly" as time goes on. Mr McCaffrey said: "Russia showing signs of severe strain from growing military losses and economic isolation. Putin is out of ideas. His military operationally in a box. Things are going to get worse for him rapidly." Mr McCaffrey's Monday tweet also linked to an appearance he made on MSNBC in which he discussed the implications of a car explosion in Moscow on Saturday night that killed 29-year-old Daria Dugina, the daughter of "Putin's Rasputin", Alexander Dugin. Ms Dugina was herself a highly controversial figure, ultra-nationalist and pro-war. The FSB claims a mother serving in the Ukrainian army slipped into Moscow to assassinate Ms Dugina before escaping to Estonia in a Mini Cooper. Russian officials said Natalya Vovk brought her 12-year-old daughter to the capital to help her stake out Ms Dugina who was killed by a bomb planted under the seat of her car on Saturday evening. The FSB released a passport photo of Ms Vovk alongside a video purporting to show her in Moscow. Pro-Kremlin websites claimed she was part of the nationalist Azov regiment, which Russia accuses of “Nazism”. Analysts have raised doubts over the FSB’s theory of the assassination and suggested it was unlikely - or a sign of severe incompetence - that a Ukrainian soldier could have travelled so easily into and out of Russia. Others have suggested the assassination was carried out as a false flag operation by Putin's forces, designed to shore up support for their war in Ukraine. Kyiv denies having anything to do with the assassination and officials said Ms Dugina was too inconsequential for them to have tried to target. Mykhailo Podolyak, an adviser to President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "Ukraine definitely has nothing to do with this, because we are not a criminal state, which the Russian Federation is. "And even more so, we are not a terrorist state." Mr McCaffrey said on MSNBC that it seems "impossible" to believe that Ukrainians were behind Ms Dugina's death, and suggested the deadly attack could indicate that a rebellious faction is mounting against Putin. He added that he thinks the incident might represent a "growing desperation" among Russians as Ukraine continues to counter Putin's army. Vladimir Kara-Murza, a prominent Kremlin critic and jailed opposition politician, said he could see public opinion on the war in Ukraine shifting. He explained that he was getting an increasing number of letters from Russians expressing their solidarity with him and against the war in Ukraine. Writing in the Washington Post, he said: "Most of this support concerns the reason that put me in prison — my opposition to Putin’s brutal war in Ukraine. "In letter after letter (all of which, needless to say, are registered in the prison system with the names and contact details of their authors), my correspondents express their indignation and despair over the war. "'Please know that you’re not alone,' one woman from the south of Russia wrote to me last week... "There are many Russians who oppose this war. The Kremlin knows this." He went on to explain that Putin and his inner circle will do everything in their power to hide this shifting of opinion and to push propaganda to drum up support for the war in Ukraine.