 Speaking on ITV’s This Morning, money-saving expert Dave Fishwick gave his advice on how drivers could save money when going on holiday this summer. An increasing number of Britons are looking to go away, but most are also looking to reduce their costs as much as they can.  He suggested heading north instead of hitting the popular tourist destinations in the south like Devon, Cornwall and Somerset. Mr Fishwick said that drivers could find a large six-person cottage just outside Torquay for a similar price as a much-smaller cottage down south. Speaking about how to save money when looking to rent a car, he said: “You can get local car rental. “Don’t go to Hertz where they're massive and they've got a price and the poor girl behind the desk can’t give you a fiver off because they're told what to do. READ MORE: 'Brilliant': Electric car owners could charge for free using hack  “Go to a local company. Ask for a slightly older car. “When I go on my holidays, I don't worry about driving around in something fancy. “As long as it goes forwards and backwards, you're living the dream. “So get something cheaper. Ask for something a little bit older, family firm, you’re taking it for four or five days. DON'T MISSDrivers urged to visit petrol station more often to boost fuel economy [INSIGHT]The best fuel-efficient family cars on the market - Ford, Peugeot, VW [IMPORTANT]Angry driver slams 'inconsiderate' motorist for parking over two bays [SHOCKING]  “Ask the firm and check before you go to see if they've got something coming in. Do your research. “Don't go to the big names. You can go to the airport and they'll have plenty of cars but you'll pay through the nose for them.” With millions still set to venture on holiday over the next month, Dave said everyone should take steps to save themselves money. He told drivers to “use it or lose it” when it came to an app which could help drivers save on their petrol and diesel costs.  Dave added: “When you’re going down in the car, or up north, you can use a special app and it's brilliant. “It's called PetrolPrices. Get it downloaded onto your phone, put it in when you're going on your satnav and it'll tell you where the cheapest fuel is in the area. “You can set off from home with the cheapest fuel and when you come home you can get the cheapest fuel. “Whatever your destination, that's where you'll absolutely win with.”  One of the presenters, Vernon Kay, added that when looking at the app, the price fluctuations can be seen between the south and the north. He said sometimes drivers would be able to find “cheeky, little petrol stations” which sell fuel for a lot less than the major suppliers. He said: “Those are the kind of people that hopefully the app will highlight.” Dave praised Vernon’s suggestions for drivers, saying: “That’s good advice. “Write that down everybody at home. That’s the one.”