Ms McAlister – who convinced Prince Andrew to take part in the now infamous Newsnight interview – left the BBC by taking voluntary redundancy after producing the programme for 10 years. Following the bombshell interview with Emily Maitlis in 2019, the Duke of York stepped away from public life. In an interview with Matt Forde on The Political Party podcast, Ms McAlister revealed she left the corporation last year in order to write her book, Scoops: Behind the Scenes of the BBC's Most Shocking Interviews.    But Ms McAlister now has mixed feelings towards her former employer as she found the BBC had cast itself as the “goody” and does not always engage with constructive criticism. Now, she believes the BBC faces a “double peril” from both the BBC’s relationship with the government, as well as the public. Speaking in July, Ms McAlister said: “The BBC has cast itself as the ‘goody’, but that’s not very helpful in negotiations… “You’re not the goody, and you don’t go in to win. You have to listen. “So I think they’ve created this unfortunate situation in which every time the government does something or says something which we may or may not agree with, instead of engaging with what may be fair criticism sometimes or something constructive, you get all these BBC people all over Twitter posting pictures of how much values you get or what it’s about.    “It completely misses the point. “And at the core of this for me is I feel there’s been a schism in the relationship with the BBC and the government – that’s one thing – but the BBC and the country. “Who do we actually represent? We represent the viewer out there, whatever their political makeup, whatever their background, their class, their views. "And we’re meant to give them information to digest and come to their own conclusions. “And somewhere I feel that relationship’s gone a bit wrong.” Ms McAlister was then asked whether this was because of where the BBC recruits people from and where it is located. READ MORE: Emily Maitlis on the spot in awkward exchange 'Not fair!'  According to the BBC Equality Information Report 2021/2022, 16 percent of BBC news and current affairs staff come from a working-class or low socio-economic background. Ms McAlister said that while working at the BBC, she found she was the “only person” giving the “counterintuitive view” as, like many organisations, there was group thinking. This, she said, became “onerous” because she was made to feel like a “difficult person” and an “agitator” when she put forward opposing views. She continued: “I think there is a prevalence of certain ways of thinking and it becomes onerous on those of us who have slightly different backgrounds… “I had a different way of doing things which I think is unusual to the point that people would remark upon it constantly. Now there’s a problem. “Somebody who says things like ‘we need to think about the opposing view...how about what this person might think? How about that?’ DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Lords prepare for 'battle' to scupper Truss master plan [LIVE]'Straight to the bullseye' Putin rocked by missile onslaught  [REPORT]Meghan Markle's private staff could speak out against her [INSIGHT]   “And then it becomes conflated with somehow you’re some kind of agitator or some kind of difficult person, that’s the problem. “It used to be a place where you could have robust conversations and they weren’t personal. “But now I don’t feel that it was and I found it hard to be that agitating voice. I’d become someone who was annoying rather than helpful.” During her time at Newsnight, Ms McAlister also booked exclusive interviews with Justin Trudeau, Bill Clinton, and Elon Musk. Ms McAlister’s book, Scoops, is due to be turned into a film.   