Vincent Peters claimed he launched the "out of character" attack last year after one of the eggs hit his unwell young child. However, the boy who Peters pulled to the floor and punched said the incident left him bruised, terrified and in fear of being kidnapped. Tanya Berridge-Burley, prosecuting, said the victim, who cannot be named due to his age, was one of a group of kids throwing eggs on East Prescot Road, Liverpool, on August 1, 2021. She told Liverpool Magistrates' Court that the boy then threw eggs at Peters’ blue Skoda as it came down the road close to the junction with Leinster Road. Peters then got out of the car and started shouting at the group of kids and ran after the boy, reports The Liverpool Echo.  Ms Berridge-Burley said: "The defendant has then stopped the victim by grabbing him and pulling him to the floor and then assaulted him by punching him." She said Peters then walked the boy around the corner onto Broadgreen Road and hit him again before the 12 year old ran off. Peters was apprehended after the boys' friends took pictures of Peters' car, meaning he could be identified. The court heard the boy had a lump and bruises after the assault and told police he felt scared and that he thought he might be kidnapped. The 27 year old, who has no previous convictions for violence, initially pleaded not guilty but admitted assault by beating in June.  Christopher Bivon, defending, said Peters was now appalled by the way he acted and said "the red mist descended" due to concerns about the health of his child. Mr Bivon said the child had been in and out of hospital for days due to seizures believed to have been caused by high temperatures. As a result, Peters had left the window of his car down and said he then saw one of the eggs hit his child, making him fear another seizure could be triggered. Mr Bivon said: "I think the backdrop of what happened in hospital, in addition to the fear of a further seizure, meant the red mist has descended and he has done what he has done. He is disgusted at what he did. He clearly is remorseful and he clearly accepts that that behaviour is never acceptable." He said Peters had multiple jobs in order to provide for his family and appealed to magistrates not to send him to prison. Peters, of Verona Street, was handed an 18 month community order and told to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and 20 rehabilitation days. He must also pay £100 compensation to the boy as well as prosecution costs and a victim surcharge.