The deputy prime minister and business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, both of whom are cabinet ministers under Boris Johnson but support different candidates to become the next leader of the Conservative Party, furiously spoke over each other as they discussed the pros and cons of raising taxes. Mr Kwarteng, who is advocating for foreign secretary Liz Truss and her pledge to cut taxes, shut down Mr Raab as he parroted lines from Rishi Sunak about the need to raise corporation tax to buy Britain out of the current cost of living crisis. At one point, the much taller figure of Mr Kwarteng towered over Mr Raab, pointing at him and demanding he stop “interrupting me”. The feud happened less than an hour before the two Tory leadership candidates embark on their third and final one-on-one debate as part of their televised summer campaigns.    Mr Kwarteng said: “One thing I want to put to bed is this idea that high taxes are the route to curbing inflation. As Mr Raab interjected, attempting to reiterate Mr Sunak’s notions on the importance of higher taxation, Mr Kwarteng said: “Forgive me. I gave you time to say your peace. Please don’t interrupt me.” Mr Raab continued to speak over Mr Kwarteng, suggesting that advocating for tax cuts was “precisely” the reason why the country was heading for further crisis. Mr Kwarteng repeated: “I said, please don’t interrupt me! I mean, Rishi did that kind of stuff in the debate last time”, referring to Mr Sunak’s constant interjections during Ms Truss’ attempts to answer questions during their last debate.    Mr Kwarteng continued: “Please give me time. To say that inflation is going to be dealt with by raising taxes is completely the wrong way of looking at it. “The tax policy was set last year before inflation really kicked in and now they are using inflation to justify what I think is a failed tax policy. “And I said that to Boris Johnson. We are not going to attract investment, we are not going to grow this economy by raising taxes.” The intra-party fighting among the Tories has been criticised heavily for ultimately favouring Labour and has been a constant theme of the Tory leadership contest. READ MORE: Tory leadership LIVE: Sunak facing campaign EXODUS as Truss lures MPs [LIVE]   Concerns that such arguments and personal attacks would derail Conservative chances of winning the next general election even led to Mr Sunak, Ms Truss and Penny Mordaunt pulling out of a debate prior to the final MPs vote. But while the two frontrunners have now attempted to adopt a style of debate less damaging to the Party and more conducive to winning the Tory contest, their Conservative supporters appear not to have learnt that same manner of restraint. One social media user reacted to the video saying: “Tory infighting will end in the destruction of this country!” Speaking ahead of her debate, Ms Truss commented on the increased rate of inflation inputted by the Bank of England today, using it as evidence of the importance of her proposed tax cuts. DON'T MISS: POLL: Do you want Boris Johnson to stay as Prime Minister? [POLL] Sunak drops huge inheritance tax hint with vow to 'reward' Britons [REVEAL]'Let me finish!' Kate Garraway shut down as Tory MP backs Truss [REPORT]   She said: “Today's news underlines the need for the bold economic plan that I am advocating. We need to take immediate action to deal with the cost-of-living crisis, grow the economy and deliver as much support to people as possible. “As prime minister, I'd use an emergency budget to kickstart my plan to get our economy growing and offer immediate help to people struggling with their bills. “Through supply side reforms, dealing with burdensome business regulation and cutting taxes, I will get our economy back on track. My tax cuts are necessary, affordable and not inflationary. You cannot tax your way to growth. Business as usual will not do. “Instead, we need a new approach on the economy, we need to challenge the failing economic orthodoxy and we need to deliver the necessary reform to tackle inflation and achieve sustainable growth.” READ NEXT: Truss and Sunak promise a review of women's footballREVOLUTION in Conservatives as Tories scramble to Bring Back BorisSunak accused by rival Truss of indecisive wind farming policySunak left tongue-tied when grilled about 1950s state pensionTory Leadership BOMBSHELL: Javid backs Truss over Rishi  