Caption Joe is a pilot with more than one million subscribers on YouTube. He took to the social channel to answer passenger's most commonly Googled questions for pilots. Caption Joe also revealed the most common mistakes pilots can make while flying. He listed these as distraction, fatigue and a loss of concentration. However, this can be managed with controlled rest, a method used to increase alertness in pilots. According to Flight Deck Friend, a controlled rest allows one pilot at a time to get up to 45 minutes of sleep during periods of low workload. READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk This ensures a higher level of alertness during periods of high workload such as descent, approach and landing. During controlled rest, a pilot will remain in their seat, but moved back from the controls of the plane. To avoid getting distracted, pilots must refrain from doing one key thing. Flying a plane is not the same as driving a car, so Caption Joe revealed that pilots listening to music during a flight is a no-go. Caption Joe was also asked how dangerous thunderstorms are, to which he answered: "Pretty dangerous". "Avoid by any means. I think it's the biggest threat in aviation," he claimed. However, passengers need not panic, as planes can still fly safely during a thunderstorm. Skyscanner reads: "Every plane you fly has likely been struck by lightning at least once during its lifetime, though lightning won’t bring a modern airplane down." READ MORE: In fact, planes are designed so that the places where lightning tends to strike (tails and wingtips) are fortified. It is more likely that a thunderstorm will affect takeoff or landing than the flight itself. Passengers may see a delay in their flight because of a thunderstorm but probably not experience any turbulence because of it. When asked which is worse, hitting a bird, flying in a hailstorm or being struck by lightning, Caption Joe revealed that the hailstorm is the least desirable. He added that a lightning strike would actually be the least dangerous of the three. Caption Joe shared a few more interesting insights about being a pilot and flying planes for curious passengers. Upon landing, planes average at 145 knots (around 167 miles per hour). He also revealed an interesting fact regarding babies born during a flight and their citizenship. According to the expert, parents can decide whether the baby's citizenship will be the country of departure, arrival or the country they are flying over during the birth.