The Duke of Cambridge, who is the president of the Football Association (FA), showed to the world his happiness following the triumph of England female football team - known as the Lionesses - at the Women's Euro. Following the final held at Wembley Stadium on July 31, Prince William wholeheartedly hugged the players as he handed out the medals. Moreover, Prince William took to Twitter to further congratulate on the players and celebrate their victory with the rest of the nation. Now, one of the victorious Lionesses has described just how sincere the second-in-line to the throne's interest in the team has been over the past years. Defender Lucy Bronze said the Duke had, on more than one occasion, visited the team while they were training for the Euro tournament. She told OK! magazine: "He gets on really well with Jill Scott because he’s come to a couple of our camps and Jill is our longest serving player so they’ve built up a friendship. "Jill said he basically jumped on top of her and hugged her so tight! "It’s nice to know he’s a big fan and supporter. "He’s not just handing out the medals, he’s been to see us play plenty of times." Speaking of William's reaction to the victory of the Lionesses last month, Bronze added: "I think he was more excited than some of the players!" READ MORE: Meghan Markle entering new chapter as Duchess makes major change William and Scott's friendship was on full display the night of the Lionesses' victory, as the Duke dashed royal protocol and gave the team's midfielder a huge hug. Scott herself spoke in the past about sharing a running joke with the royal. She previously said: "It stems back to about 10 years ago when we did a charity event and I slipped and side-tackled him and actually wiped him out. "The running joke whenever he sees us is, ‘No yellow cards this tournament Jill!’." In 2020, when Scott was awarded an MBE for her services in women's football, the prince penned a letter to the player, saying: "Keep up the good work." The coronavirus pandemic and lockdowns issued to slow down the spread of the virus meant the player could not take part in an investiture ceremony held at one of the royal palaces. Showing to have gained a certain degree of confidence with William, Scott said on her BBC podcast titled Jill Scott’s Coffee Club: "That’s probably the best thing I have ever received. "You know what, next time I see him I might say, ‘Can I come to Buckingham Palace?’ He’s a great guy." Following the Lionesses' triumph at Wembley Stadium, which the Duke witnessed in person as he sat in the stands near UEFA officials, also shared a message on Twitter for the players. He wrote: "Sensational. An incredible win @lionesses and the whole nation couldn’t be prouder of you all. "Wonderful to see history in the making tonight at Wembley, congratulations!" The Duke signed this message off with his initial, "W", to stress he was the author of the tweet. The Duke wasn't the only prominent member of the Royal Family to compliment the team on their historic victory. Shortly after the end of the final, Buckingham Palace shared a statement issued by the Queen, reading: "My warmest congratulations, and those of my family, go to you all on winning the European Women’s Football Championships. It is a significant achievement for the entire team, including your support staff. "The Championships and your performance in them have rightly won praise. "However, your success goes far beyond the trophy you have so deservedly earned. "You have all set an example that will be an inspiration for girls and women today, and for future generations. "It is my hope that you will be as proud of the impact you have had on your sport as you are of the result today."