Manchester United target Antony is reportedly refusing to play for Ajax as he continues his attempts to force through a move to Old Trafford ahead of Thursday's transfer deadline. The Brazilian will not feature in Ajax's Eredivisie clash with Utrecht on Sunday having made no secret of his desire to depart the club over the coming days. Amid interest from United, Antony pulled out of the Ajax squad ahead of their 1-0 success over Sparta Rotterdam last weekend. Speculation surrounding the 22-year-old's future has since escalated further with the Dutch giants rejecting the Red Devils' latest offer of £74.6million on Friday. The Amsterdam outfit are thought to be holding out for a reported £84.8m, though they remain determined to retain the Samba star's services this summer. However, Ajax face the prospect of having a disgruntled player in their ranks as Antony continues to make his feelings known over the club's refusal to sanction his departure. According to the Sunday Mirror, the winger has now gone on strike in order to force through a move to United. In yet another twist to his transfer saga, Antony is understood to be refusing to play against Utrecht on Sunday. Man Utd takeover: What Ten Hag has told his players about the Glazers The player and his agent are believed to have met with Ajax officials on Friday to negotiate the attacker's exit, but club chiefs are thought to have reaffirmed their stance that he will be going nowhere this summer unless their extortionate valuation is met. The €90m fee being demanded is thought to be almost as big as the club's annual turnover. The Ajax board of directors are set to meet again on Sunday to discuss their next move amid a split verdict among the decision-makers at the club. A number of Ajax chiefs are thought to deem United's latest offer as too good to turn down and fear forcing the resentful star to stay this summer will be counterproductive. United are expected to lodge one final mammoth offer in the coming days. DON'T MISSMan Utd icon Van der Sar makes 'rare' move to rescue Antony talksMan Utd send 'deadline day promise' to De Jong after fresh contactMan Utd urged to sign new Ruud van Nistelrooy to replace Ronaldo Having already lost the likes of Lisandro Martinez, Sebastian Haller, Ryan Gravenberch, Noussair Mazraoui and Nicolas Tagliafico in the current window, Ajax head coach Alfred Schreuder has made it abundantly clear he does not wish to lose any more key personnel before Thursday's transfer deadline. He said: “I can’t see why he wants to go to Manchester United. "We are playing in the Champions League and they are not. Yes, they are a big club, but so are we in my opinion. For me it is clear. I have lost so many players, this boy is staying!’’