Manchester United have reportedly reached an agreement with Antony ahead of a potential move to Old Trafford. And that news comes on the same day it’s been claimed the Red Devils have also agreed on personal terms with the entourage of PSV Eindhoven winger Cody Gakpo. Whether both players end up joining remains to be seen, however, amid a sense the fallen Premier League giants don’t have the budget to bring the pair to England at the same time. Manchester United want to land a new forward before the transfer window shuts, regardless of whether or not Cristiano Ronaldo ends up staying at Old Trafford. Edinson Cavani has departed on a free, with the Uruguay international choosing to seek a new challenge after two years in the Premier League. And United remain without Mason Greenwood, who last featured in their 1-0 win over West Ham back in January. The Red Devils have been eyeing both Antony and Gakpo at the same time. And fresh reports today suggest deals for the pair are both accelerating behind the scenes. Earlier on Monday, Eindhovens Dagblad said United had ‘largely agreed on personal terms’ with Gapko’s representatives. Man Utd takeover: The Glazers have five reasons to sell Man Utd And, now, Journal O Globo have claimed the Red Devils have also reached an agreement with Antony as well. It’s said everything ‘is fine’ between both United and the Brazil international, who scored eight goals and clocked up four assists from 23 Eredivisie appearances last term. United are also prepared to now pay a huge £80m to land the Samba star, too, having previously seen a bid of £67.9m rebuffed. There have been some suggestions United actually want both players in the same summer, with Ten Hag eager to revamp his attack. The Red Devils have struggled for goals so far this season, netting just once from their opening two league fixtures against Brentford and Brighton. DON’T MISSBruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternativeWhen Chelsea will bid for Man Utd target Frenkie de JongMan Utd should have sold these five players already But there have also been claims United will end up signing one or the other, instead of both. That perhaps seems the more realistic outcome of their pursuits, especially given how Ten Hag wants to strengthen other areas of his flailing squad before the transfer window shuts on September 1. They want a new right-back at a time where both Brandon Williams and Aaron Wan-Bissaka have been deemed surplus to requirements. Barcelona’s Sergino Dest is one potential option, with the USA international previously playing under Ten Hag at Ajax prior to his move to Catalonia two years ago. And Vanderson, of Monaco, is another - though there have been reports saying Barcelona are keen on him as well. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United are set to make one last offer to land Frenkie de Jong, despite agreeing a huge £60million deal for Casemiro. And they want a new goalkeeper to provide competition for David De Gea, too, with Kevin Trapp, Yann Sommer, Tim Krul and Dan Bachmann all emerging as possible options. Speaking after his side lost 4-0 to Brentford last weekend, meanwhile, Ten Hag was asked about his desire to strengthen the squad. And he said: “You have to be ready for a game and be ready for the battle as individuals and as a team. “We have to push each other and bring the demands in because it is not good. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “It is clear we need players, but I don’t want to think about that in this moment. The good players we had should have been better. “I hoped for a better start, I have to believe because I have seen good things, but the two games from now are disappointing. “We will analyse and we will move forward, but one thing is quite clear, we have to do things better. “This team is good enough to beat Brighton and Brentford which we didn’t, so we have to question ourselves.” United are next in action against Liverpool on Monday night (8pm). Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here