Anyone who uses Freeview to get their daily dose of TV might want to give their devices a quick retune this weekend. The free-to-view platform has just announced the launch of two new channels that are being broadcast right now and include EarthxTV and Celebration TV. Both of these services are totally free to watch with EarthxTV (channel 79) showing content aimed at those interested in the environment and sustainability with Celebration TV (channel 275) offering programmes based around faith and religion. Along with these new channels launching, Freeview has also confirmed some changes to its current content. The Now 90s service is moving from channel 79 to channel 87 and Country Music Entertainment is being rebranded to Classic Hits and getting more coverage across the UK so more users can find this station on their TVs. As with all Freeview updates, you may find you need to retune your television to view the new content. Confirming the changes, Freeview said in a post on its website: "Some broadcasters are making important changes to their family of channels and two new channels, EarthxTV and Celebration TV are launching on Freeview. You will need to retune to update your TV and keep your channels and TV Guide up to date." News of this update comes as more free content will be arriving on Freeview next month thanks to the launch of a new film service. GREAT!, which already offers numerous movie channels on platforms such as Sky and Freeview, is launching a brand new service, called GREAT! movies Christmas, that will be dedicated to endless festive flicks. Although December 25 is still months away, GREAT! clearly thinks people will want to get in the mood early this year with the channel officially arriving on September 8. The firm says it will broadcast films 24 hours a day and show movies such as A Christmas Melody starring Mariah Carey. Other things confirmed are Whoopi Goldberg in the family film Call Me Claus, Liam Neeson, Pierce Brosnan and Suranne Jones in A Christmas Star, and Lesley Manville, John Hannah and Sylvester McCoy in The Christmas Candle. If you fancy tuning in, you'll find the service on Freeview 52, Sky 319, Virgin 424, and Freesat 303 from next month and it's free to watch.