Chelsea are understood to be making progress in their pursuit of Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, and should the Blues land the Dutchman this summer, they already have a number of players who he could provide the perfect complement for. Thomas Tuchel's side are expected to discover more about their chances of signing the former Ajax star this week when he is scheduled to hold vital talks with his cash-strapped Catalan employers. Should De Jong fail to reach an agreement with Barcelona to see him take a salary cut and the club stump up the money owed to the midfielder in deferred wages, a Nou Camp exit is anticipated. Manchester United have been pushing to capture the 25-year-old for some time now, however, Chelsea appears the more likely destination should De Jong depart. The Netherlands international is understood to be eager to compete in the Champions League this season, which is something the Blues are able to offer and United aren't. With Tuchel's side having looked underwhelming in pre-season and the Chelsea boss demanding his team have "got to get better" following their narrow 1-0 win over Everton on Saturday, the hope is that De Jong can elevate the standards at the club and coax the best out of some of his potential peers at Stamford Bridge. With that in mind, Express Sport takes a closer look at a number of the Blues squad who could benefit from De Jong's arrival. READ MORE: Man Utd working on three separate deals in addition to Frenkie de Jong transfer While the likes of Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko have already shone having departed Manchester City for pastures new this summer, the same cannot be said about Sterling. The England winger has made a somewhat sluggish start to life at Chelsea, netting just one scruffy goal in pre-season. The arrival of a player of De Jong's quality could well be hugely beneficial to Sterling who sparkled at times up in Manchester as he found himself surrounded by a plethora of stars. The Dutch midfield maestro could be the ideal provider for Sterling and is a player of a similar calibre to the kind the winger played with week-in, week-out at the Etihad. The prospect of De Jong feeding Sterling with defence-splitting passes is a mouth-watering one. READ MOREMan Utd and Chelsea 'kept informed' on Jamie Vardy as bolt-from-blue transfer consideredChelsea 'open Frenkie de Jong transfer talks' with Barcelona after £72m Man Utd agreementChelsea prepared to test Leicester resolve with second Wesley Fofana transfer bid Chelsea are already strong in the centre of the park so adding De Jong into the mix will only turn the Blues into a more formidable force. The Barcelona midfielder's arrival could be to Jorginho's advantage in particular. The Italian international is something of a midfield metronome in Tuchel's side and the thought of another pass-master lining up alongside him should be of great advantage to Chelsea. Jorginho and De Jong have the potential to further dominate possession for the Blues in central areas and dictate the tempo of games. The prospect of the pair at the heart of Chelsea's midfield will no doubt be a frightening one for Premier League opponents. The arrival of De Jong at Stamford Bridge could also have a significantly positive impact on the Blues' latest signing in Cucurella. Chelsea wrapped up a £62million deal for the Spanish left-back last week and the 24-year-old has already experienced a taste of action in a blue shirt as he came off the bench for a cameo appearance in his new side's 1-0 win over Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday. With De Jong having spent the past three seasons at Barcelona and Cucurella having graduated from the Catalan club's academy, the pair will be accustomed to the slick style of play and standards set by the Spanish giants. The presence of two former 'Culers' in Chelsea's side will no doubt be of benefit as the pair will have been exposed to similar teachings at the Nou Camp. De Jong and Cucurella could well help each other settle seamlessly into their new surroundings.