High cholesterol means you have too much cholesterol - a waxy substance produced inside the liver - in your bloodstream. Among other things, high cholesterol can raise your risk of heart disease - the leading cause of death worldwide. Unfortunately, high cholesterol rarely produces symptoms in and of itself. However, when a build-up of cholesterol deposits narrows the arteries, it can cause a slew of symptoms. This process, which reduces blood flow to the arms or legs, is called peripheral artery disease (PAD). Many people with PAD have mild or no symptoms. However, some people may experience "muscle pain or cramping in the legs or arms", warns the Beacon Health System. READ MORE: High cholesterol: Three 'persistent' signs in the feet - 'cannot deliver enough blood' The health body continues: "If peripheral artery disease gets worse, pain may occur during rest or when lying down. The pain may interrupt sleep." Hanging the legs over the edge of the bed or walking may temporarily relieve the pain, it adds. Other signs include: The NHS says you should see a GP if you experience recurring leg pain when exercising. DON'T MISSLive longer: Golden drink to lower cholesterol and blood sugar [TIPS]Cancer symptoms: The 'sudden' sign to spot in the morning [ADVICE]Ann-Margaret: Elvis Presley's co-star's 'devastating' fall [INSIGHT] "Many people mistakenly think this is just part of growing older, but there's no reason why an otherwise healthy person should experience leg pain," notes the health body. The NHS says: "PAD is usually diagnosed through a physical examination by a GP, and by comparing the blood pressure in your arm and your ankle." The GP will look for symptoms such as: "The GP may also ask about your personal and family medical histories," adds the NHS. READ MORE: Dementia: The 'sneaky' ingredient linked to memory problems - eaten by millions of Britons The key to staving off cholesterol complications is to overhaul your lifestyle, namely through diet and exercise. There are several foods which are not just part of a healthy diet, they can actively help to lower your cholesterol too. According to cholesterol charity Heart UK, cutting down on saturated fat and replacing some of it with unsaturated fats is a "great" way to lower your cholesterol. Saturated fat is the kind of fat found in butter, lard, ghee, fatty meats and cheese. Instead, Heart UK says to eat: "Oily fish are a good source of healthy unsaturated fats, specifically a type called omega-3 fats," notes the charity. It adds: "Avoid coconut and palm oil as, unlike other vegetable oils, they are high in saturated fat." All Britons are also advised to do at least 150 minutes of exercise a week.