Manchester City will not be bounced into a change of position over Marc Cucurella despite Chelsea joining the chase for the Brighton defender. The Citizens will not launch a late hijack as the Blues look to close in on a deal. City's efforts to sign the Spain international broke down over the weekend with the clubs £10million apart in their valuation for the left-sided defender. City had a £40m offer rejected by the south coast club and have refused to shift further towards Brighton's £50m valuation. As a result Chelsea have now moved into pole position. Thomas Tuchel is speaking to the club's new owners about putting together a package to meet Brighton's valuation. The west London outfit are trying to put together a deal to sell their £20m-rated young centre-back Levi Colwill as part of a package to bring Cucurella to Stamford Bridge. City have also rubbished suggestions Bernardo Silva is leaving for the Nou Camp despite various reports suggesting he has agreed personal terms with Barcelona. Silva is 'going nowhere' according to a well-placed City source. The midfielder has been a pivotal part of Pep Guardiola’s first team squad since signing from Monaco in 2017. But it is being reported that he wants to seek a fresh challenge while he is still in his peak years. And Barcelona believe that they can provide that. Yet City are in no mood to sell a key asset and Silva is one valued at well over £70m and is contracted to the club until 2025. Pep Guardiola, meanwhile, is confident City will fight for a fifth title in six years this season as the champions seek to defend their crown. "There is no reason not to be confident," he said. "No reason. What these guys have done, not just in the Premier League but the [domestic] cups and Europe [says it all]. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Chelsea prepare Marc Cucurella swap as Brighton star 'wants to join'Man Utd 'respond' to Barcelona chief saying he wants De Jong to stayArsenal transfer meeting 'this week as ideal solution' identified "I don’t know what will happen this season but I’m sure I know these guys. I have no doubts for one second. We lost a final we would’ve preferred to win but respect to the opponent. We know the standards and how to reach these, maintaining them as always,” he said. "We are closer [to being ready]. Days ago we played against Bayern and did a very good performance and against Liverpool we did very good things. I don’t feel that we are far away. "But the end of the pitch [attack and defence] will dictate what happens against West Ham and Bournemouth. It will dictate our level. There are processes that will not be perfect, and that we will have to correct, and we will improve."