In recent years, Queen Elizabeth has become a passenger, instead of driving herself around her estates. Even if she were to get behind the wheel at the age of 96 years old, she doesn’t have a driving license to show authorities how qualified she is, and there’s a unique reason for that. At the age of 18, the Queen trained as a driver and mechanic for the Women's Auxiliary Territorial Service (ATS) during World War II. Then when she became the head of the Royal Family in 1952, she inherited the royal prerogative - powers and rights that the sovereign alone possesses. The royal prerogative entitled Her Majesty to drive without a license, and she is the only person in the UK allowed to do so. Even though driving licenses are issued in her name, she has never been required to take an actual driving test. READ MORE: Charlotte's 'best type of uncle and auntie' but it's not the Sussexes Among her many privileges, the Queen can also drive without a number plate on her state car. The Queen has always had a love for cars, having first developed her skills as a teenager. During her Women's Auxiliary Territorial training, she learnt how to change a wheel, rebuild engines and drive ambulances and trucks. The then-Princess Elizabeth “earned a reputation for not being afraid to get her hands dirty”, and as a result, My London reports that she was given the nickname “Princess Auto Mechanic”. In the summer of 1945, the royal was promoted to honorary junior commander. DON'T MISS...How to stop your kitchen sink smelling & remove thick gunk from drain [VIDEO]Aldi recalls popular garden Specialbuy - full details [NEWS]Keep milk fresh for 3 weeks with unusual food storage hack [GUIDE] The Queen has never been afraid to show off her car skills either. In 1998, she famously shocked King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, who was then a prince, when she insisted on driving him around the royal Balmoral estate in Scotland. Former British Ambassador Sherard Cowper-Coles recounted the meeting in the Sunday Times and said: "As instructed, the crown prince climbed into the front seat of the front Land Rover, with his interpreter in the seat behind. To his surprise, the Queen climbed into the driving seat, turned the ignition and drove off. “Women are not – yet – allowed to drive in Saudi Arabia, and Abdullah was not used to being driven by a woman, let alone a queen." READ MORE: Lilibet’s ‘dramatic flair in life’ won’t ‘suit the monarchy’ The diplomat added: "His nervousness only increased as the Queen, an army driver in wartime, accelerated the Land Rover along the narrow Scottish estate roads, talking all the time. “Through his interpreter, the crown prince implored the Queen to slow down and concentrate on the road ahead." Royal protocol explains that the monarch is usually chauffeured to engagements, but when the Queen is not making a formal public appearance, she has been known to reclaim her position in the driver’s seat. She is also said to have helped her four children learn how to drive, particularly in the rural grounds of Balmoral, her favoured place for driving. As for what car she drives, the Queen has been seen in Bentley and Jaguar, but most frequently in Land Rovers or Range Rovers. The latter two, of which, are also suitable for off-road driving, which is ideal for shooting parties and summer picnics. The Queen’s whole car collection is said to be worth £10million upwards.