The seven-year-old princess appeared alongside Prince William and, Kate Duchess of Cambridge on Tuesday in Birmingham, the host city of the Commonwealth Games. Princess Charlotte joined her parents to learn about a programme preparing the next generation of UK sportsmen and women for future games. Reflecting on the visit, Ms Ross suggested that Charlotte is still "learning how to be a royal." Ms Ross told the podcast: "This was so cute seeing her at the Commonwealth Games, she also pinned medals onto the awards board for Team Great Britain or Team England or one of the teams, and it was so cute. "Because she looked sort of a bit awkward and shy whereas when the other the older royals do it, they look so you know, relaxed and confident. "It's really interesting to see that Charlotte is going to have to learn those skills. "So it's kind of cool to see her learning how to be a royal." Charlotte appeared curious about her surroundings and the people around her at Birmingham University, and a little apprehensive at times, but received a reassuring arm around her shoulder or word in her ear from William, and held Kate's hand at other moments. The young princess revealed gymnastics was the sport she liked most and joined a nutritional workshop helping her parents place pictures of foods like nuts, bread and grapes into the right groups, whether protein, carbohydrates, antioxidants or healthy fats. At one point Charlotte was asked to update a Team England medal board and added a bronze, won in the men's team table tennis event, and a silver from the lawn bowls men's pairs. She was also taken by William and Kate to events at the Commonwealth Games and was photographed grinning during swimming heats and later joined her parents to watch a hockey match. Tim Lawler, chief executive of SportsAid, a partner organisation of the Team England Futures programme, hosted the royal visit at Birmingham University. He said: "I did notice the duke and the duchess, as we were trying to do, include Charlotte in the conversations - we were very mindful of that and it was really very evident the duke and duchess were doing that to, I suppose, include her and reassure her. "She was charming, very willing to put the medals on the medal board, and she asked the right question, which was 'where exactly should I put this?'. It was by date and she checked. "She really, really loved seeing the swimming, but she's interested in the gymnastics, and while they're trying lots of different sports at home, I understand, when I asked her about sport she answered very easily and said 'it's gymnastics that I like'." When the Cambridges arrived they met senior sporting executives and Kate turned to her daughter and said: "You liked the swimming, didn't you?" and Charlotte nodded. The princess, with her hair in pigtails and wearing a sleeveless summer dress and sandals, stood with her hands behind her back looking around, and a few moments later William put an arm around her shoulders. Charlotte sat between her parents as they chatted to two power weightlifters, Tom Smith and Lottie McGuinness, who were joined by veteran competitors. Speaking about the Games, Ms McGuinness said: "The atmosphere is incredible, everybody is socialising with everybody else." 