Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. She is so popular that her fans have created Facebook groups in her honour, sharing a plethora of cleaning tips and tricks with one another. In one Facebook group, with over 100,000 members, one cleaning enthusiast wanted to know how to get rid of the spiders that keep coming in and crawling around her house. Jenna Blethyn wrote: “Can anyone recommend a spider spray that that have used and has worked for them? “We live close to fields and I can’t stand the huge spiders we keep getting in the house! I’m so scared of them but it’s been too hot to keep the windows closed!” The post was inundated with comments in minutes and other Mrs Hinch fans had a slew of tips and tricks to offer. Many of the tips involved using cheap and natural methods to get rid of spiders. Liz Beth wrote: “I live right next door to fields and I absolutely hate spiders, I put a bottle of peppermint essential oils left open on the window and I have a plug in, I also close windows as soon as it gets dark.” Helen Conte recommended: “Indorex spray was recommended to me it’s really a flea spray (Amazon) we live by a lake and the webs can appear in hours big thick as really sticky. “Brush them away and spray – they’re gone for weeks. I’ve never found conkers work, but have never tried piercing the skin and some people swear that's what works – maybe try that?” DON'T MISS:‘Stains will vanish!’ How to remove curry stains from white clothes [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ 5p laundry detergent substitute to wash your clothes well [ANALYSIS]How to keep bath towels ‘soft and fresh’ for longer [REVEAL] Meanwhile, Sandra Longstaff was adamant that conkers do work. She commented: “Conkers really do work I put them in the corner of each room for years I life facing a field and never get one. Try it.” Briony Slimmon agreed. They said: “I use a spray which I buy online. Easy to find. One spray lasts months inside. It is called Verbax Indorex spray. Originally for cat fleas but is excellent for spiders. Costs about £14. But lasts up to two years.” Shaheen Akhtar wrote: “Sonic repellent will work better than a spray. Other than that plants such as lavender, peppermint will repel them.” Sandra Fish advised: “Amazon spider killer spray – spray around doors and windows in and out. “Works a treat.” Julie Kenny recommended: “I got some spider spray from Amazon – it’s good and kills them. I also have a deter plug in and conkers.” Jan Overton added: “Conkers really work. Good luck.” Soosie Freeman also said: “Conkers on windowsills seem to repel them.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Cathy Brady advised: “Peppermint oil and water in spray bottle. They hate peppermint. Also cotton wool balls with three or four drops of peppermint oil on placed strategically.” Jemma Bryant wrote: “Fresh slice of lemon – rub on around the windows.” Yvonne Alexander added: “Peppermint oil in all the nooks and crannys.” Lisa Potipher joked: “A good flip flop.”