Daniil Medvedev has doubled-down on his previous comments regarding Novak Djokovic’s potential ban from the US Open, reiterating that he would like to see the Serb compete. It is the second time in a week that the reigning champion has thrown his support behind the world No 6, and he explained that Rafael Nadal was part of the season he wanted Djokovic at the US Open. Djokovic is running out of time to learn whether he can compete at the upcoming US Open, with just two weeks left before the final Grand Slam of the year begins. Unvaccinated travellers are currently banned from entering the country, which would see the three-time champion forced to miss the event unless the rules changed in time. News of his potential ban has caused controversy with American politicians wading into the debate, while world No 1 Medvedev has been one of the players vocal in his desire to see Djokovic in Flushing Meadows later this month. Last year’s champion has now spoken out for the second time in less than a week as he explained why he would allow the Serb to compete in New York. “For sure I cannot do anything. It’s the government who sets the rules so I don’t know if it can actually change or not,” he said ahead of his campaign at this week’s Cincinnati Masters. “If you ask me, I mean if I would be the decision maker, for sure I want Novak to play.” JUST IN: Nadal denies Djokovic chance for rematch as Spaniard skips Davis Cup  Medvedev - who beat Djokovic in last year’s final to deny the world No 6 the chance to win the Calendar Grand Slam - admitted that it was the race for the most Grand Slam titles between Djokovic and Nadal that influenced his opinion, with the Serb currently holding 21 and the world No 3 sitting on 22. He continued: “I like when [in] the tournament there are the best players in the world. He just won a Slam. This competition against Rafa [for the most Grand Slam titles] is super intense and super interesting, so I would love to see him there in New York. DON'T MISS Raducanu defended over US Open preparations ahead of Williams clashNadal injury fears allayed with world No 1 rank on offer in CincinnatiEmma Raducanu labelled the perfect 'teaser' for Serena Williams  “But if for the government rules he cannot be there, well everybody is still going to try to do their best and try to win the US Open.” The 26-year-old’s comments come after he admitted he thought Joe Biden could have a “rebellion” on his hands over the travel restrictions. Speaking at last week’s Montreal Masters, the world No 1 said: “If we change the rules, there will be those who will rebel, because they are banned from entering the country, so they cannot work. Personally, if we are talking only from the point of view of tennis, without thinking about different positions, I want Novak to play at the US Open.” 