Yasmeen (played by Shelley King) was left distraught when she realised Stu (Bill Fellows) had been lying to her since they met and he had supposedly murdered someone 30 years ago. In Monday's instalment of Coronation Street, Alya (Sair Khan) was doing her best to take her grandmother's mind off matters but nothing was going to distract her from the fact another man had tried to manipulate her. With an opportunity on the table for Alya to venture further into the corporate business of food, will Yasmeen decide they both need a fresh start and make their exit from the ITV soap? The episode began with Yasmeen and Alya setting up at the Speed Daal restaurant and they were soon joined by their supplier and newcomer, Matt. Alya was stunned to see him, with the pair having been enjoying each other's company recently but she still proceeded to ask: "What are you doing here? I thought we weren't seeing you until tomorrow." "Well I've had warmer welcomes, that's for sure," he commented, picking up on the fact the Nazirs were distracted by something. Yasmeen replied: "Forgive my granddaughter, it's been a difficult morning," but Matt thought he had the thing to life Alya's spirit. "Sorry to hear that but the reason I called is that I have some good news. How would you fancy an all-expenses paid trip to the country? Well, more like across the country," he asked. READ MORE: Gok Wan declares he’s ‘had enough’ as he walks off This Morning "Well, my company is asking some of our preferred clients to see how the process works, to see how our products get from farm to plate," Matt continued. "Basically, they are paying for the lot. Food, travel, a nice hotel. What do you think?" he asked, with Alya surprised he wanted to take her away. The restaurant owner said: "That's really nice of you to offer but we've only known each other a little while." Matt corrected her, telling her she had got the wrong end of the stick by stating: "No. It's just business, separate rooms and all that. You make some really good contacts." "I can't, it's not a good time," she said before Yasmeen interrupted and remarked: "It's precisely the right time and as Matt said, it will be good for business." It seemed from his conversation Alya was working her way up the ladder but the prospect of a brighter future was overshadowed by Stu being admitted to hospital. After getting drunk, he was found by Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) and sent in for observations but the youngster wanted him to reunite with Yasmeen. Therefore, she paid a visit to the Nazir matriarch and she thought she had made her see how she should give Stu a chance to explain himself. When she turned up at the hospital at the end of the episode, it seemed Yasmeen was going to take on board what Kelly had said. Unfortunately, this wasn't the case as she told Stu to stop trying to contact her as he was a liar in her eyes now. DON'T MISS...Colson Smith weight loss: The 'easy' diet plan Corrie star followed [COMMENT]Where does Will Mellor live? Inside his Cheshire home [ANALYSIS]Katie McGlynn weight loss: TV star lost a stone by eating 'right' food [COMMENT] "I will never forgive you for lying to me and I will Neve forgive you for lying to my family," the Nazir matriarch declared. "You knew how vulnerable I was and you took advantage. I will never be duped by some despicable man again," Yasmeen said. It seems she has had enough of men coming into her life and taking advantage of her trust so she could decide to move away. With Alya possibly going to do more corporate business on the other side of the country, her grandmother could ask if she could go with her. Although Stu hasn't been a huge part of Yasmeen's life until the last few months, she knows there are too many bad memories on the cobbles. Therefore, she could decide to start a fresh and allow herself to find happiness in a place which isn't marked by her trauma from the past. With Speed Daal still in business, Zeedan Nazir (Qasim Akhtar), could take charge but will he bid farewell to both his grandmother and his sister? The actor who plays Stu, Bill, has spoken about the future of the storyline and whether Yasmeen will be by his side or if an exit could be on the cards. Bill explained: "The first major thing is to try and get the people he loves and cares about to believe him; Yasmeen, Alya and Zeedan. "Without giving the game away, there are loads of twists and turns in this storyline, it’s not just that Stu needs to prove his innocence." "There are loads of elements to this story that come into play. This bombshell has blown up now," the soap star added. Bill also explained he had to keep this plot a secret, stating: "As an actor, I just did not tell anyone because my sister watches it avidly and she wouldn’t want me to spoil it for her. "I don’t want to spoil it for people and I know that some people love to know the spoilers sometimes but deep down I think that they do want to be surprised so I look at it from that point of view." Will Stu's past lead to the exit of two beloved characters of the show? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.