Manchester United hero Rio Ferdinand has claimed that Chelsea appeared ‘out of sorts’ against Everton on the opening weekend of the season, despite their victory. And the former England international feels that the reason for the subpar display may be the Blues’ transfer business. Following the arrival of Todd Boehly, many expected Chelsea to be one of the busiest clubs this summer. The Stamford Bridge outfit have welcomed Kalidou Koulibaly, Marc Cucurella and Raheem Sterling to their ranks over the past few months – with Gabriel Slonina and Carney Chukwuemeka also arriving but unlikely to make significant inroads on the first-team yet. Thomas Tuchel has been vocal about his desire for more signings before the transfer window closes, even after his side beat Everton 1-0 thanks to a penalty from Jorginho. Speaking about that win, Ferdinand told his Vibe with Five podcast: “They seem out of sorts. "The comments from the manager, I just feel like he's not happy with the way the recruitment's gone. Not being able to get the players in, a lot of players want to get out." Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd eye Rabiot partner, De Jong's Boehly chat, Spurs bid Chelsea lost Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen earlier this summer, meaning that defensive recruits have become a priority. However, they missed out on both Matthijs de Ligt and Jules Kounde to other European top sides, making their next pursuit the most important. Leicester City defender Wesley Fofana has been targeted and an £80million bid is in the works for the Frenchman following previously rejected offers. Ferdinand added: “Chelsea didn't look like a team that was running fluid. They look a little bit all over the place. It's the environment at the training ground, there's a lot of players he knows want to leave. They're very open with that 'I don't want to be here'. Alonso's declared that he's going to Barca." DON'T MISSFerdinand has Arsenal concern and responds to Saliba comparisonAC Milan 'respond to Arsenal's enquiry for Tonali' after meetingFrenkie de Jong 'makes Chelsea confession in dressing room' as Man Utd lurk Chelsea’s significant squad size means that there are several players on the fringes of the first team waiting for their summer move, with Callum Hudson-Odoi the latest name to be added to the list of waiting for an ‘out’. Timo Werner has been granted his move away to get his career back on track, returning to Red Bull Leipzig in a deal worth approximately £17million. Billy Gilmour and Ross Barkley are also believed to be waiting for departures, with the latter potentially available on a free transfer rather than another loan move. It remains to be seen whether Chelsea’s potential incomings will soon be put on pause whilst Tuchel finds short/long-term solutions for those who are now surplus to requirements.