Manchester United have shortlisted three right-backs who could be signed if Aaron Wan-Bissaka leaves this month, according to reports. Wan-Bissaka has been linked with a loan move having found himself out of favour under Erik ten Hag. The new United head coach is understood to harbour doubts over Wan-Bissaka’s output in the final third. The 24-year-old has registered just two goals and 10 assists in the three years since his £50million transfer from Crystal Palace. Palace, Roma and Atletico Madrid are all rumoured to be interested in the former England under-21 defender. And United have several contingency plans in place to upgrade on Wan-Bissaka, including the ex-Tottenham prodigy Kyle Walker-Peters. now-Southampton star Walker-Peters is apparently on a three-man shortlist the Old Trafford hierarchy have put together to upgrade at right-back. Diogo Dalot appears to be Ten Hag’s first choice on the right side of the back four, but United can clearly make improvements in the position. JUST IN: Barcelona boss Xavi drops Aubameyang transfer hint According to journalist Jonathan Shrager, Walker-Peters, Celtic’s Josip Juranovic and Norwich’s Max Aarons are all of interest to United. Chelsea have also kept tabs on Croatian Juranovic, wide-ranging separate reports have suggested. The versatile Walker-Peters has impressed for Southampton since joining the Saints permanently from Spurs in 2020. The 25-year-old’s attacking stats are hardly far improved on Wan-Bissaka’s, though, given that he has scored just twice and provided seven assists in 83 appearances. Walker-Peters has spent much of the last year at left-back due to the emergence of Tino Livramento. However, the former Chelsea ace is expected to miss most of the 2022-23 campaign with a serious knee injury. DON'T MISS...Man Utd insiders have suspicions over motives for Rashford's PSG talksMarcus Rashford camp and PSG 'been in touch for three years'What Erik ten Hag has been working on this week to correct Man Utd Juranovic or Aarons would be solid alternatives for Ten Hag, who is keen to continue making vast improvements all over the pitch. United have struggled acquiring their main targets this summer and face a monumental three weeks of work behind the scenes. The Red Devils are widely expected to sign Juventus midfielder Adrien Rabiot over the coming weeks. It comes amid their failed pursuit of Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong. Despite United failing to sign many of their top targets this summer, Ten Hag insists his squad will improve. Asked if United will be a better team come September 1, the Dutchman said on Friday: "We have to. I am convinced we will have.” When asked if he was on the "same page" as the board regarding recruitment, Ten Hag replied: "Yes. I'm happy, I think we're cooperating really well. I cannot tell about any individuals, I cannot talk about players under contract at other clubs."