Manchester United do not currently expect to complete the signing of Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona this summer as their transfer plans continue to unravel, according to reports. United have chased De Jong all summer after Erik ten Hag earmarked his former Ajax star as a top target. The 25-year-old was viewed as being key to Ten Hag’s rebuild and United have spent the best part of three months trying to complete a transfer. An initial £65million fee was even agreed with the La Liga club. The several roadblocks that have been struck while trying to complete a transfer have prompted United to conclude that they will not sign De Jong this summer. That is according to the Daily Telegraph, who claim that the Old Trafford hierarchy are in despair over how much time and effort has been put into trying to sign the player. However, The coming week could change the situation as Barca desperately need to sell players. They must realign their wage structure in a bid to register £150m worth of new summer signings. It comes as United search for alternatives to De Jong in a bid to ensure Ten Hag strengthens his midfield. The Red Devils looked weak in midfield against Brighton and were played through too easily for both of Pascal Gross’ goals. DON'T MISS...'Man Utd have reignited their interest' as Paulo Dybala mockedTottenham expect to reach 'full agreement' as Paratici's focus changesEverton could complete three signings this week with deal already done  Wide-ranging reports suggest that United have agreed a deal with Juventus to sign midfielder Adrien Rabiot. The 27-year-old has just a year remaining on his contract in Italy. Former United midfielder Paul Scholes said on social media on Monday: “Thoughts for this week: ‘[midfield] it’s all about body shape when receiving the ball. Too many times facing their own goal and can only play one way. Get on the half turn for f*** sake and bring your forward, more talented players into the game’.” United travel to Brentford on Saturday as Ten Hag seeks his first point as manager. The club will hope to have completed a couple of signings by the time they face the Bees, who they beat to the acquisition of Christian Eriksen last month.