With the weather remaining hot and dry, some flowers in the garden may be starting to look a bit brown and shrivelled. One plant in particular that can look unattractive once they’ve finished flowering is roses. Rather than leaving the flowerheads on the bush, it’s best to remove them. At Holland Park in London, Homebase spoke to gardener Steve Redmond about how to deadhead rose bushes. The gardening expert said the process of deadheading should help roses “stay strong, healthy and flowering well”. Deadheading involves removing bad flowers to encourage new ones to grow. Without deadheading, the dead flowers will form seeds which suppresses further flowering and uses the plant’s energy and nutrients. READ MORE: How to stop house flies invading your home using common herb - 'easy' Roses should be deadheaded “regularly” throughout their flowering season. Roses’ flowering season usually lasts from April until October in the UK. Annual, biennial and perennial flowers will also benefit from being regularly deadheaded. To deadhead and prune, gardeners will need gardening gloves, sharp secateurs and somewhere to put the cuttings. DON'T MISSHow to keep hydrangeas alive in the heat without watering [INSIGHT]Monty Don shares 'best time' to prune lavender plant [UPDATE]Hosepipe ban 2022 exemptions in full [ANALYSIS] Gardeners need to “look out for flowers that have become brown and shrivelled”, according to the gardening experts. They added: “Cut back the stems of these flowers by about 20cm. “The cut should be made at about a 45 degree angle so that rain can drain off the stem rather than sitting on top and rotting the plant. “The cut should be parallel to the angle the chute comes out of the ground. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “To stop the bare stem from drying, cut the stem a few millimetres above a side shoot.” Gardeners need to use the whole blade to get a clean cut. Bush roses have single or small clusters of double flowers. These varieties usually produce masses of flowers and can smell particularly fragrant. Modern rose bushes do not like shade or very light, poor or waterlogged soil.  They’re also not keen on strong wind as this can cause them to grow unevenly. Modern rose bushes include varieties such as Lady Marmalade, Tickled Pink, Amber Queen and Easy Going. Shrub roses and modern bush roses are different. Shrub roses are a larger, more diverse group of roses while modern bush roses can repeat flower and have thornier stems, often with scented flowers.