BBC wildlife presenter Ellie Harrison was exploring how birds like swifts were being treated at an Oxfordshire rescue centre after the volunteers were forced to take in a vast number of animals in need. The Countryfile star spoke with volunteer and specialist bird rearer Hannah to learn how she feeds the birds to aid their recovery but was less than pleased to get involved with the process - and it turns out BBC viewers felt the same. Ellie was tasked with ripping the heads of waxworms and then the legs off of crickets in order to feed a handful of swifts who needed the nutrition. “What are the kind of general reasons birds have been brought in here?” Ellie asked as she entered the room with Hannah. “A variety,’ Hannah explained. “We’ve just finished the fledgling season, so birds fall out of nests, cats catch them…” “And your job is to try and feed them up and get them ready to go back to the wild, ultimately?” Ellie probed. READ MORE: Nicola Walker gives rare insight to marriage to Barnaby Kay “Yes, that’s our main aim, to feed them up and release them,” Hannah confirmed before Ellie turned her attention to exactly how this aid was implemented. While some of the birds could be fed with a paste, swifts needed to be fed with live feed - and Hannah wanted Ellie to assist. “So, if you just take a waxworm... You can see the dark is the head,” Hannah pointed out. “You just literally grip and pull it.” “Oh, come on…” Ellie said with anguish while Hannah encouraged: “They think it’s delicious!” When asked if she’d like to give it a go, a reluctant Ellie replied: “Not really. But I mean… it’s not for me, I’m doing it for you.” Ellie grabbed a pair of tweezer but began flinching as she tried to grab the waxworms, saying: “I don’t like the feel!” After Hannah quipped it gives the “heebie-jeebies”, Ellie powered through to feed the birds - but she wasn’t done there. Hannah revealed they also needed a portion of crickets for their dinners but again, a bit of preparation was needed to ensure they were safe for the birds to eat. DON'T MISS:Jonathan Ross blasts BBC for 'no longer taking risks' after Radio 2 exPaul O'Grady breaks silence on reason for BBC Radio exitInside Helen Skelton’s stunning converted cottage in Yorkshire Hannah revealed Ellie had to break the legs off crickets, to which she admitted: “It's only because it’s for another animal, “Otherwise I would be point blank refusing to do this,” she claimed. Ellie was left apologising to Hannah as she jumped back from the crickets and cringed, telling her: “I really don’t like this!” And Ellie wasn’t alone as Countryfile fans at home took to social media to slam the graphic nature of the demo, with @pcsavage writing: “#countryfile is a bit gruesome this evening.” Elsewhere, @MrYakHunt sarcastically tweeted: “Pulling the legs off live crickets, tremendous TV #Countryfile.” And @OldDorset also jokingly echoed: “Live 'pulling the legs off insects' on #countryfile right now. Proper TV.” While @MistletoeSprite added: “This is a horror show and that woman is enjoying it way too much  #countryfile.” “This is all a bit gruesome #countryfile,” David King echoed while @Chrisb99_uk weighed in “Decapitation and leg removal now #countryfile,” followed by a shocked emoji. (sic) Countryfile airs Sundays on BBC One.