Unfortunately, scammers are rife, and a common form of scam often takes place via a telephone call. Britons may receive a call out of the blue claiming to be from their bank or another legitimate source - so it is important to stay alert. NatWest has specifically warned scammers may sound like they know individuals. It is an unsettling technique designed to add legitimacy to the claims the fraudster makes. The bank explained: “A fraudster may have research you to make you believe it’s a genuine call. “‘Is that John Smith speaking? Just going to confirm your personal details. Your address is…and your number is….” READ MORE: Pensioners with back pain or other conditions could get up to £4,804 In the same sense, fraudsters also want to appear as trustworthy as possible to make their call feel more legitimate. Once again, this is a tactic designed to lull Britons into a false sense of security, and so they will follow the instructions given by the scammer. With telephone scams of this kind, fraudsters often create a false sense of urgency when speaking. It is designed to make sure Britons have less time to this about what’s going on, and it could make some individuals flustered. DON'T MISSPension: Britons could lose out on £7,800 through 'torpor tax' [ANALYSIS]Over 50s face major challenges as cost of living bites [INSIGHT]State pensioners call for ‘at least’ £200 per week for all retirees [UPDATE] It may lead to individuals being asked for sensitive details such as passwords and PIN numbers. However, NatWest warns Britons should never part with this kind of information, as it could have devastating consequences. Similarly, fraudsters commonly ask people to transfer their money into a safe account, which can often feel like the right thing to do. However, this cannot be trusted as often victims are transferring their funds straight into the hands of the devious scammers. READ MORE: Best savings account UK: The top 10 easy-access accounts To protect oneself from these type of scams, there are actions individuals can take. If a person receives a call from a trusted source, and they are unsure the call is genuine, they can hang up and call back. People should never be rushed on a call, as when they are forced to act quickly, it ca be easy to misjudge a situation. Individuals should never be afraid to hang up if they feel they are under pressure. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If a person feels they have been targeted by a scam, they should contact their bank, whether this is NatWest or otherwise. This should be done as soon as possible to protect oneself, and potentially stop payments if feasible. NatWest added: “Think you have been caught out? “It can happen to anyone, and it is better to be safe than sorry.” People can also report instances of scams to Action Fraud, the national fraud and cybercrime reporting service.