Merseyside Police said the 36-year-old murder suspect was also arrested over two attempted murders. He is from the Huyton area of Liverpool and is in custody being questioned by detectives. He was arrested after an operation involving armed officers in Merseyside on Thursday night. The young girl was killed when a man being chased by someone with a gun forced his way into her home. When her mother tried to protect her, a bullet went through her wrist and hit Olivia in the chest.  Olivia's family paid tribute to her, describing her as "unique, chatty, nosey little girl who broke the mould when she was born". They added: "Although her life was short, her personality certainly wasn't and she lived it to the most she could, and would blow people away with her wit and kindness." The family had urged people to "do the right thing" and said: "If anyone knows anything, now is the time to speak up. It is not about being a 'snitch' or a 'grass', it is about finding out who took our baby away from us." Convicted burglar Joseph Nee, 35, from the Dovecot area of Liverpool, has been named as the intended target of the shooting. As Olivia lay dying, he was picked up by friends in a black Audi Q3 and taken to hospital. A message on a box of flowers left among tributes at the scene read: "So sorry for your loss of beautiful Olivia. Rest in peace, thinking of all family. Nee family." Olivia's death came 15 years after 11-year-old Rhys Jones was shot dead on his way home from football practice in Croxteth, Liverpool.  A large bank of flowers and teddy bears have been left at the scene in Kingsworth Avenue, with one signed off by aunty Kim and uncle Tim. "RIP baby girl," it reads. "I can’t believe what has happened, feels like a nightmare. We will miss you so much our sassy queen. Love aunty Kim and uncle Tim." Another message reads: "Our Liv, our brown-eyed sassy pants. I will never find the words to describe the heartache we have all felt. "I’ll miss your outgoing, sassy little self and all the joy, laughs, smiles, love you brought to our lives. Love you forever and always." One neighbour, who wished to remain anonymous, told Liverpool Echo he knew the family and was devastated by Olivia's death. He said: "They're a quiet family and Olivia was lovely - very pleasant, very polite, very kind. She would play out in the street with the other kids. It's heartbreaking, devastating. There are families around here that won't feel safe now."   On Friday morning, former Liverpool FC player Ian Rush and ex-Everton player Ian Snodin added floral wreaths to the other flowers, balloons and teddies left in Olivia's memory at the police cordon. On the flowers from Everton, a message read: "RIP Olivia. No words will lessen the pain or explain such a tragedy. "Our city stands united. Forever in our thoughts." A card on the tribute from Liverpool said: "Rest in peace, Olivia, with deepest sympathy from all of us at Liverpool Football Club. 'You'll Never Walk Alone'."  Asked what the people of Dovecot could expect from Merseyside Police in the next 24 hours, Merseyside Police & Crime Commissioner Emily Spurrell said: “The community can expect to see a very visible presence, you can already see that there is still a sizeable presence here as the investigation is ongoing. "The chief has pulled in resources from neighbouring forces to make sure that both the investigation is fully resourced but also that community reassurance is there. "The community can expect to see more police on the streets - they want to come and engage with you, they want to have a conversation if people are feeling anxious."