The leader of the House of Commons was grilled by BBC Breakfast's Charlie Stayt on Thursday as he tried to argue the government was not being inactive over the crisis. Stayt fumed at Spencer that "nothing" is being done despite impending bill hikes and widespread fear from the public. As Spencer tried to defend the government, BBC viewers commented on how "painful" the "car crash" conversation had been. "Why are you not talking about this?" Stayt probed during the interview. "Well it doesn't require the whole cabinet to respond," Spencer replied. "The chancellor of the exchequer is in office and delivering within the treasury." Later, Stayt asked: "Do you agree that we're in the midst of a national crisis on the same scale as the pandemic?" "I agree it's a huge global challenge that we all face," remarked the MP. READ MORE: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets "No one could control Vladimir Putin or what was going to happen to the global energy market. I think it's something the government clearly has to and is responding to. "We've already seen £130 have reached the most vulnerable households already." However, Stayt was keen to figure out what the next response to the national crisis would be. "What's the bit of the equation that's missing for government ministers that you can't make decisions now?" he inquired. "When everyone knows exactly what's happening!" "Well, Charlie, we have made decisions that's why households are getting £130 -," Spencer tried to respond. But Stayt cut in: "Forgive me for interrupting, I don't want to go back to what's already been decided, you've already told us that. Let's leave that to one side. "I'm saying that as you and I chat now, people know that in October then in January - they know that they will be facing bigger bills they are going to have to pay these bills. "The only people, apparently, who are not doing anything actively now to change what will definitely come down the road is the government! Because no decisions have been made about what will be done." DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Craig reflects on 'emotional' moment in series [EXCLUSIVE]Josie Gibson tearful after emotional Olivia Newton-John tribute [VIDEO]Ellie Taylor slams Strictly curse as she's 9th celeb confirmed [LATEST] "That's simply not true," Spencer disagreed. "A package is already in place which is being delivered at this moment as we speak, there's another one already in place. "And once we know where the new price gap is and what's happening in those energy markets - it's important to point out that those people on a contract, their prices won't go up because they're on a contract, so it's important not to scare people. "When we get to the autumn and we know what we're dealing with... you and I can't quantify that at this moment in time." Viewers tuned into the BBC morning show were quick to give their views on the interaction. Twitter user Maz posted: “#BBCBreakfast car crash interview for Mark Spencer this morning what planet is he on? The uncaring zombie Government rolls on….” “Well that interview with Mark Spencer was a bit of a car crash,” User Timmeh added. “How can he suggest that proactive action during a crisis is akin to gazing into a crystal ball? “Waiting until Autumn then reacting isn’t it. There’s no point closing the gate after the horse has bolted.#BBCBreakfast.” Sam Jooste shared: “Listening to this Tory MP on BBC Breakfast this morning is the most painful experience! “He has zero empathy and zero idea how to answer the questions….what an embarrassment to Team Rishi!" BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One.