Children’s Commissioner Dame Rachel de Souza said a strong, positive family was the most powerful foundation of all, and urged the next Prime Minister to “wholeheartedly support harnessing it”. Her call to immediately put family at the heart of policy and decision-making comes in the first part of her Independent Family Review. It revealed startling statistics about the face of modern Britain. It was said 23 per cent of families are headed by a lone parent, significantly higher than the EU average of 13 per cent. Two-thirds of families are married couples with children, while 14 per cent are cohabiting couples. Dame de Souza said families were vital in providing sanctuary and defence. She said the protective effect builds an emotional connection, shared experiences, practical support and strong relationships. Getting on very well with either of your parents at age 13 is associated with higher wages at the age of 25, the report claims. In families that eat dinner together at least six days a week, 75 per cent of parents were happy with their life, compared to 70 per cent overall. And, in some cases, the pandemic and successive lockdowns had a positive effect, it was said.   The amount of time fathers spent on unpaid childcare almost doubled from 47 minutes a day in 2014-15 to 90 minutes a day ­during the lockdown, and fell back to 56 ­minutes in 2022. One quarter of parents said that their relationship with their children had become better during the lockdowns, while less than five per cent reported it became worse. Dame de Souza, who will give a speech on her findings today, has called on the Government to put family at the centre of all policy-making and decisions. She wants officials to recognise the vital importance of well-functioning families to a healthy, happy, productive and ambitious society. She said: “The last few years have been challenging for everyone, and the pandemic has reaffirmed the importance of family. “We know that if children have supportive families, they are more likely to succeed later on in life. They are more likely to have healthy relationships and happy lives. 