Maintaining the kitchen is important in ensuring it stays clean and free from bacteria and germs. With so many cleaning products on the market for different jobs, it can be daunting to know which ones work best. According to an expert, Britons can use lots of items already in their homes to clean appliances, including oil. Mark Smithson, CEO of nationwide electrical appliance experts, Marks Electrical, told Express.co.uk: “There are a few unusual ways to clean kitchen appliances and in a lot of cases it can be done without having to go out and buy specific products. “Here’s just a few unusual tips that we’d recommend to clean your appliances with items you may already have in the home.” Fighting grease with oil The expert explained: “While adding oil to grease may seem counterintuitive, using it properly breaks down grease that’s built up over time. “Use any of your cooking oil (e.g. olive or vegetable) on some kitchen towel to rub away greasy stains. READ MORE: House prices: Kitchen feature can boost value by ‘at least £5,000’ “This will save you money on dedicated cleaners if you haven’t got access to these. “Once the stains have lifted, wipe away with an alcohol based spray or wipe.” This is great to use on stainless steel items. It can help to get rid of smears on electric and metal hobs too. DON'T MISS:How to stop ants nesting in your plant pots - ‘deters’ pests [COMMENT]Peace lily: ‘Vital’ care tips for ‘difficult’ plant [EXPLAINER]Three ‘simple steps’ to protect the lawn through a drought [INSIGHT] Similarly, baby oil can help to get rid of smears too. Dishwasher tablets Dishwasher tablets can be used for a variety of cleaning jobs, including in the oven. Mark said: “If you have any food baked on to your cooker, on the over door pots, pans or cutlery you can use a soaked dishwasher tablet from some warm water to scrub problem areas. “Once rubbed on the areas, you’ll be able to wipe away the stains or cooked-on food with ease.” READ MORE: Kate Winslet’s quiet life in £4million West Sussex property Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Hard dishwashing tablets can also be used to clean oven racks. Toilets, kettles and washing machines are other items Britons can clean with dishwasher tablets. Car wax For those with any leftover car wax, Mark recommended using it on stainless steel appliances. The expert said: “It will prevent smudges and smears on your appliances, while also helping to break down grease and grime. “Use the wax sparingly and apply a light layer when using it to clean.” Car wax can also be used to clean shower doors. It is thought to prevent mildew growth. Cleaning enthusiasts can apply a thin layer of car wax to their bathtubs too, as it makes it shine and protects it from stains and scratches.