Chelsea have made the headlines in the Premier League this summer for splashing out £175million on new players. But it seems the Blues are far from being finished, as Thomas Tuchel eyes further additions to his squad before the transfer deadline. Since Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital completed their takeover in May, Chelsea have brought in five new players in Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Gabriel Slonina, Carney Chukwuemeka and Marc Cucurella. The latter will cost around £62m in total, taking Chelsea’s spending to the highest by any club in Europe. But after watching his side beat Everton 1-0 on the opening day of the season, Tuchel knows he still needs to improve his side if they are to have any hope of bridging the gap to Manchester City and Liverpool. With a potential four new signings arriving at Stamford Bridge before the August 31 deadline, Chelsea’s lineup will be filled to the brim with star-studded talent. Express Sport looks at how they might line up, should those deals all go through this summer. READ MORE: Chelsea could offer Leicester four players in Fofana swap deal Edouard Mendy is the undisputed number one under Tuchel and, even despite a few unconvincing moments in goal on Saturday, the Senegalese still kept a clean sheet. The £12m signing of Slonina from Chicago Fire will not provide any immediate threat to the 30-year-old’s place in between the sticks. The American starlet, 18, will link up with his new club after the conclusion of the MLS campaign. Kepa Arrizabalaga’s future is unknown amid reports of a possible loan deal with Serie A outfit Napoli and the Spaniard could still leave before the end of the month, leaving Marcus Bettinelli as Tuchel’s No 2. DON'T MISSDe Jong’s pay cut intentions as Man Utd and Chelsea push for transferTransfer news: Sesko to 'accept' offer and De Jong meetingRedknapp left red-faced with false comment on Chelsea star Silva Tuchel has admitted that he needs to start thinking about the long-term when it comes to his backline, with Thiago Silva, Cesar Azpilicueta and Koulibaly all over the age of 30. And that explains their pursuit of Leicester centre-back Wesley Fofana. The 21-year-old has been a revelation for the Foxes since his £30m switch from Saint-Etienne in 2020. Chelsea have already had two bids rejected for the defender, the last in the region of £70m, and Boehly is willing to return with another offer to get his man. Even with Azpilicueta penning a new two-year deal, it is clear Fofana has been targeted to take up that spot as a right-sided centre-back after the club failed to land Jules Kounde. Likewise, the arrival of Cucurella could add some uncertainty for Ben Chilwell, especially after the Spaniard’s solid debut. With only two slots to fill in the central midfield area, Chelsea are already blessed with several different options. N’Golo Kante and Jorginho started against Everton, but Tuchel knows he can use Mateo Kovacic, Conor Gallagher and Ruben Loftus-Cheek there too. That is what makes their pursuit of £70m-rated De Jong all the more curious. But the Dutchman would be an upgrade on what the west London club already have and Tuchel is looking to add more quality to his ranks. The thought of a midfield pairing of De Jong and Kante would be enough to frighten any opposition, although signing the 25-year-old would surely spell the end of Gallagher’s hopes of finding first-team football this season. Chelsea have sought to revamp their attack by bringing in Raheem Sterling but further alterations could be made. With Timo Werner poised to seal a permanent move back to RB Leipzig and Hakim Ziyech likely to follow him out the door, there is a room to sign another attacker. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been linked with a shock return to London, just eight months after leaving Arsenal for Barcelona. The Gabonese, 33, scored 11 goals in 17 appearances since then but the arrival of Robert Lewandowski has put his place under question. The Gabonese would provide Chelsea with a natural No 9, something they have lacked since loaning out Romelu Lukaku to Inter Milan. With doubts over Kai Havertz’s consistency in front of goal, Aubameyang reuniting with Tuchel at Chelsea would surely see him lead the line. Potential Chelsea XI (3-4-3): Mendy; Fofana, Silva, Koulibaly; James, Kante, De Jong, Cucurella; Sterling, Aubameyang, Mount.