Paramount Network’s hit western drama Yellowstone will finally return to screens in November with its highly anticipated fifth season. After a huge hint from Beth Dutton star Kelly Reilly, John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) could become governor.   The season four finale ended with major twists and turns for the Dutton family and set up some exciting storylines for the characters in the upcoming instalment. This was the case for patriarch John Dutton who surprised viewers as he declared his candidacy for the Montana Governor’s office. He only did so after learning his son Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley), who had also been campaigning for the role, was going to be endorsed by Governor Lynelle Perry (Wendy Moniz). Although he initially tried to back out of the commitment, John was then endorsed by Lynelle, and it looks as though he could become mayor. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘very worried’ he’s ‘going to be in trouble’ with memoir   Kelly Reilly, who starred as John’s daughter, hinted that the ranch owner could add governor to his list of professions when Yellowstone returns. She teased: “Things have moved forward with John Dutton’s position in Montana.” Although the actress couldn’t explicitly confirm that  John would become governor, it would make sense as the next step for the character’s standing in the community. “I can’t tell you what,” Kelly confessed to GoldDerby. “But you might be able to put that together.”    Although the position as governor would come with many benefits for John and his family, he may have to put his duties at the ranch on the back burner. As the role of governor has a number of responsibilities and obligations, he could be forced to choose between the two. Season five could also see Jamie back down from the race, as it was revealed Beth had some leverage over her adoptive brother. She had taken a photo of Jamie disposing of the body of his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton), who he was ordered to kill. DON'T MISS...Endeavour fans devastated as boss shares disappointing update [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent forced to cut interview over 'problem' [NEWS]Yellowstone plot hole: Beth Dutton should’ve been killed by Jamie [BLUNDER]     The actress continued: “Beth is championing him as usual,” and as she has the clip of Jamie, Beth could use it to threaten her brother to back down. With John’s standing in Montana, many will feel threatened by his new role as he had long been trying to protect his ranch from land developers. Casino moguls and the Brocken Rock reservation wanted some of the Dutton Ranch as it was the biggest ranch in the United States.    However, John wasn’t interested in selling any part of the ranch as it had been in his family for seven generations. With his new standing in society, season five could see John help out Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo), who was facing 15 years in prison. The two first met when she was protesting as an aminal rights activist, and they struck up a friendship after John bailed her out of prison after her initial arrest. Viewers could see this happen again as John helps Summer, who also became his lover. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 