To help households cope with soaring living costs, the Government launched a cost of living payment scheme offering a one-off payment of £650 to those most vulnerable in the UK. The payment has been split into two halves and Britons must be claiming certain benefits in order to qualify. As of June, inflation rates hit 9.4 percent in the UK, the sharpest annual increase in 40 years. While fuel, energy, and cost of goods rocket, the Government has been introducing a number of measures to assist households with increasing costs. The measures include schemes like the energy bill grant and the council tax rebate, most of which will be hitting bank accounts in the Autumn time. The cost of living payment was one of the latest schemes to have been announced as an additional means to help households stay afloat, but eligibility and payment terms are slightly more complicated than the other schemes in place. Here’s a breakdown of the cost of living payment terms and when you’re likely to receive it.  READ MORE: Inheritance tax: How to cut your tax to zero through gifting  The £650 cost of living payment is being made in two lump sums and to be eligible, you must be on one of the following means-tested benefits: The qualifying period to claim the first half of the cost of living payment took place between April 26, 2022, and May 25, 2022. This means you must have been entitled to Universal Credit, Income-based JSA, Income-related ESA, Income Support or Pension Credit payment during this period.  The same applies to those who receive tax credits. You must have received a payment during the period between April 26, 2022, and May 25, 2022, and an annual award of at least £26 of tax credits to qualify for the first half of the payment. If you get both Child Tax Credit and Working Tax Credit, you will receive a cost of living payment for Child Tax Credit only and if you receive tax credits from HMRC and a low-income benefit from DWP, you will receive the payment from DWP only. For those who might have recently started claiming, you might be eligible for the second half of the payment, however, the Government is yet to announce this qualifying period. It should be noted that you do not have to physically claim this payment. If you are eligible, the payment will automatically land in your account the same way you’d receive other benefits and tax credits.  DON'T MISS: Boiler warning: Brits urged to 'turn heating on' in summer [INSIGHT]5 expert tips to reduce your energy bill for autumn [EXPLAINED]Energy bill warning issued as prices to hit £4,266 [ANALYSIS]    As mentioned the cost of living payment has been split into two instalments with the first lot already being distributed to some groups. For those who claim Universal Credit, Income-related Employment Support Allowance, Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income Support and Pension Credit, the first instalment of £326 would have hit bank accounts between July 14 to July 31. The second instalment for these groups, which amounts to £324, is due to hit bank accounts in autumn, but the exact date is yet to be announced. Households on tax credits, however, should expect the first payment of £326 in September and the second instalment of £324 from winter 2022. The exact dates for these also haven’t been announced yet. If you have a joint benefit claim with your partner, you will still only receive one payment of £326 and one payment of £324 for your joint claim. These payments are not taxable and will not affect the benefits or tax credits you already get.  The cost of living payments amount to the same but differ in instalments so the Government can tell the groups apart. The DWP said it will help “to minimise fraud risks from those who may seek to exploit this system”. If you are eligible but still haven't received your cost of living payment, you can report it missing via the Government website, here. 