 Rafael Nadal’s US Open opponent has shared his excitement ahead of their first-round clash after naming the world No 3 as one of his idols. Rinky Hijikata will be making his Grand Slam main draw debut against the four-time champion in Flushing Meadows on Tuesday night but is relishing the chance to face Nadal despite being thrown straight in at the deep end. Nadal is playing the US Open for the first time since winning it in 2019, and makes his return against world No 198 Hijikata in his first round match on Arthur Ashe Stadium. While the match marks the Spaniard’s first in New York for three years, it will also be the Aussie’s first-ever Grand Slam main draw match, off the back of his ATP Tour debut earlier this year. Hijikata has previously unsuccessfully contested the qualifying contest at the Australian Open and Wimbledon but he will finally get to play a Grand Slam main draw match after receiving a US Open wildcard, finding himself drawn against the player with the most men’s singles titles at Major level in history. Ahead of the tough task of facing Nadal in his first Major match, the 21-year-old has revealed that the second seed is actually one of his four idols. “I think ‘Rusty’ was the guy I loved watching the most,” Hijikata said of his compatriot, former world No 1 Lleyton Hewitt. “He’s an Aussie and the way he competed on the court, I thought was pretty cool. Then as I got a little bit older, I think Rafa and Roger when they had their big rivalry going that was pretty special.” JUST IN: Serena Williams given hope of securing emotional US Open glory  As well as Nadal and Federer, the world No 198 is also a fan of their Big Three rival, Novak Djokovic. Hijikata added: “That was hard to beat, playing each other pretty much every Slam and the quality of their tennis was out of this world. Those two of mine have been idols of mine growing up and then obviously Novak as well, a bit more recently has been on a tear.” The 21-year-old made his ATP Tour debut back in January at the Melbourne ATP 250 after coming through qualifying but lost to fellow qualifier Maxime Cressy, who made it all the way to the final where he lost to none other than Nadal. Hijikata was then forced to wait until this month for his maiden tour-level win via retirement against wildcard Rodrigo Pacheco Mendez in Los Cabos but lost his next match to world No 1 Daniil Medvedev. And it’s another big-name opponent for Hijikata, who says it’s a “dream” to face Nadal at the US Open. “It’s not often you get to play a player of that calibre and I’m definitely pumped. I can’t wait to go out there and give it my best shot,” he said. DON'T MISS Cam Norrie has no sympathy for Benoit Paire after US Open thrashingWimbledon winner out of US Open after not 'feeling like a champion'Norrie's US Open opponent responds to accusations he 'tanked' match  “It’s always been a dream of mine to go out there on the biggest stages of tennis and try to have a big crack at players like that. I’m excited for the contest, I’m excited for the challenge. I want to go out there and represent everyone and try and give it my best shot.” The world No 198 - who cracked the top 200 after his win in Los Cabos - will also draw on his recent clash with Medvedev to help him against the 22-time Major champion. “That was probably one of the biggest matches I’ve ever played. That was a great experience for me, I think I learned a lot from that,” he said of the match. “The atmosphere and everything was a bit different than anything I’ve ever played in. Hopefully that will help me in good stead for what’s coming on Tuesday. I guess all the good players have a bit of an aura around them maybe and once you step out on-court, you don’t really know what to expect the first time. So, I went in a little clueless, but this time around hopefully I can settle the nerves a bit quicker.” 