Liz Truss insisted she would be ready to implement changes to the system from "Day 1" to ensure Britons receive the help they need with the growing energy bills. But GB News host Alastair Stewart pointed out that making changes from the first day of her potential administration would not be possible. Mr Stewart noted any new legislation would take time to be passed in Parliament, leaving millions waiting for help. Liz Truss however defended her position insisting she would deliver "as soon as possible" setting April 2023 as the latest any changes would be implemented. She said: "First of all, I completely understand how difficult it is and that families are struggling with the cost of food, with the cost of energy which has been going up. "Firstly, I would reverse the National Insurance rise and I would also have a temporary moratorium on the green energy levy so from day 1 families are keeping more of their own money. And they're also saying on the fuel bills." Mr Stewart interjected: "Do you actually mean from day 1? Can you have an emergency budget to change the Finance Act from day 1? JUST IN: Martin Lewis urges pensioners to act within DAYS to secure £650 plus £3,300 help  "It's got to go through three stages of Parliament before it becomes the new law of the land." The Foreign Secretary said: "I will get it in as soon as possible." Which prompted the GB News host to hit back: "That's not day 1. That's as soon as possible." Ms Truss said: "Well, I will act on day one to make it happen as soon as possible but it will happen well before April which is when traditionally the tax year starts. READ MORE: Row erupts as Bank of England furious with new masterplan to override EU laws "I will do it as sure as I can. My fundamental approach is that we need to keep taxes low, what we shouldn't be doing is taking people's money in taxes and then giving it back to them in benefits." She also warned that any move to "whack up" taxes in order to pay out more in benefits would lead to trouble. The Tory leadership contender said she would do "everything I can" to support families through the cost-of-living crisis. DON'T MISSBritons can ‘save money’ on prescriptions with useful document [REVEAL]Woman, 55, urges others to take action to fix pension shortfall [EXCLUSIVE]Pensioners could slash their council tax bill to 100 percent [UPDATE] But taking questions on GB News from an audience in Leigh, Greater Manchester, she said it was essential to keep taxes low. "If the only answer to everything is to whack up taxes and give out more benefits then the country is going to run into trouble," she said. "We are predicted to have a recession. It is important we grow the economy. "I will do everything I can to support working families who work hard and do the right thing. "If I am elected as your prime minister I will make sure the chancellor has an emergency budget and looks at this issue in the round and sorts this issue out." 