According to German media reports, customs investigators have launched a probe into several companies that have been suspected of having supplied highly toxic chemicals to Russia. These substances may have been used by the Kremlin to produce chemical warfare agents. According to media reports, customs authorities in Hamburg have begun their investigation by searching the premises of a chemical firm in Lower Saxony, along with a logistics company in Bremen. The public prosecutor's office in Stade has accused them of violating the Foreign Trade and Payments Act and of exporting highly toxic chemicals to Russia for years - without proper authorisation. According to the news portal "tagesschau.de" with reference to NDR, WDR and Süddeutscher Zeitung, the officials confirmed searches in a total of seven companies and private rooms. The public prosecutor suspects that in the past three and a half years, company officials have exported toxic substances and special laboratory supplies to Russia in more than 30 cases without having the appropriate licences. According to reports, there was no authorisation for this shipment. Both the chemical firm and the logistics company from Bremen have not yet commented on the investigation. Some of the chemicals sent to Russia were reportedly so-call dual-use goods, which means that they could have also been exported through legal means for other purposes, for example as reference quantities for food and water analysis. However, these substances could be also be used to manufacture deadly chemical weapons like mustard gas. READ MORE: Putin reeling as Britain eyes deal for FIVE more warships According to reports, the company had supplied a Russian-based wholesaler with the chemicals, which also supplies both the Russian military and the FSB, the country's domestic intelligence service and the successor to the KGB. The Hamburg customs investigators reportedly believe that only small quantities of the chemicals were delivered to Russia, as little as a few grams or even milligrams. However, experts have warned that they could still play a major role in producing chemical weapons as reference substances, which is used to check the quality of their own product. The expert on chemical and biological weapons, Mirko Himmel from the University of Hamburg said: "Even in a laboratory that produces chemical warfare agents, you need quality control, analytics, which requires reference substances." According to tagesschau.de, the northern German company had already been suspected by Western intelligence services following the attack on the opposition politician Alexei Navalny, who was critical of the Kremlin and is currently in a Russian prison. In 2020, Mr Navalny, an anti-corruption activist was poised by Novichok and was left in a critical state According to the EU, the poisoning was possible "only with the consent of the Presidential Executive Office" and with the participation of the FSB. Inspections revealed that the firm has also exported chemicals used to produce Novichok, which led to it being sanctioned by the US, but not the EU. According to the report, this is not the first time the chemical company has been under scrutiny, as customs officials noted that some of the owners had personal connections to Russia. According to information from tagesschau.de, the Office for the Protection of the Constitution assumes that the northern German company was controlled by Russia. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg