Jeremy Vine and his panel guests on Wednesday compared recent images of Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's two eldest children. Princess Charlotte, 7, was recently snapped looking carefree in a simple striped dress at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham. Jeremy Vine contrasted the clothes Princes Charlotte wore to the suit the George were to the Wimbledon Tennis final last month. Jeremy Vine guest Carole Malone remarked: "[Charlotte]'s showing all the sorts of enthusiasm and range of expressions you would expect a little girl of that age to show and it's some lovely and she's enjoying the games as much as the rest of us." Commentator Dawn Neesom added "She is only eight years old, she's dressed appropriately unlike her brother George, remember him a Wimbledon? "Boiling in that little Lord Fauntleroy suit." Jeremy Vine replied: "A suit for a small boy, it seemed unusual." "But he's a future king, maybe you've got to wear a suit? He can't wear trainers," added the host. Princess Charlotte joined her proud parents in Birmingham - host city of the Commonwealth Games - to learn about a programme preparing the next generation of sportsmen and women for future events. Charlotte appeared curious about her surroundings and the people around her at Birmingham University, and a little apprehensive at times, but received a reassuring arm around her shoulder or word in her ear from William, and held Kate's hand at other moments. The young princess revealed gymnastics was the sport she liked most and joined a nutritional workshop helping her parents place pictures of foods like nuts, bread and grapes into the right groups, whether protein, carbohydrates, antioxidants or healthy fats.   At one point Charlotte was asked to update a Team England medal board and added a bronze, won in the men's team table tennis event, and a silver from the lawn bowls men's pairs. She was also taken by William and Kate to events at the Commonwealth Games and was photographed grinning during swimming heats and later joined her parents to watch a hockey match. Tim Lawler, chief executive of SportsAid, a partner organisation of the Team England Futures programme, hosted the royal visit at Birmingham University. He said: "I did notice the duke and the duchess, as we were trying to do, include Charlotte in the conversations - we were very mindful of that and it was really very evident the duke and duchess were doing that to, I suppose, include her and reassure her. DON'T MISS 'There are hints in the book' Bower lifts lid on 'royal racist' claims [INSIGHT]Princess Charlotte has royal fans gushing as she mimics William [VIDEO]GB News backlash as Levin claims Harry married Meg to be 'like Diana' [ANALYSIS]  "She was charming, very willing to put the medals on the medal board, and she asked the right question, which was 'where exactly should I put this?'. It was by date and she checked. "She really, really loved seeing the swimming, but she's interested in the gymnastics, and while they're trying lots of different sports at home, I understand, when I asked her about sport she answered very easily and said 'it's gymnastics that I like'." When the Cambridges arrived they met senior sporting executives and Kate turned to her daughter and said: "You liked the swimming, didn't you?" and Charlotte nodded. The princess, with her hair in pigtails and wearing a sleeveless summer dress and sandals, stood with her hands behind her back looking around, and a few moments later William put an arm around her shoulders.