Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has been dealt a disappointing blow in his attempts to recruit a sporting director after being rejected by his top target, reports claim. Michael Edwards had been lined up for the role by the Blues' supremo, but the former Liverpool transfer guru has turned down the chance to return to football. Edwards had emerged as the Blues’ prime target for the role after leaving Liverpool earlier this year, having spent a decade working with the Reds. He has built a reputation for being one of Europe's top talent finders after numerous success stories in his previous role. The 43-year-old was instrumental in helping Jurgen Klopp assemble one of the strongest squads in Europe, playing a key role in deals that saw Virgil van Dijk, Alisson Becker, Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane head to Anfield. But according to The Athletic, the ex-Tottenham and Portsmouth man has declined the opportunity to lead Chelsea’s recruitment in a similar position. Edwards has taken some time out of the game after a decade with the Merseyside club and is in no rush to end his self-imposed exile from football. READ MORE: Chelsea could make four signings if money-bags Newcastle secure deal That will come as a blow to Boehly, who had set his sights on bringing in Edwards, and the businessman will have to return to his list of targets after failing to land his ideal candidate. Names such as Paul Mitchell — the former Spurs scout now sporting director at AS Monaco — have been linked, while PSG’s assistant sporting director Maxwell is said to have been tempted by the prospect of being approached for the job. Boehly, 48, has assumed the role of interim sporting director since directors Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech left the club in June following the completion of his £4.25billion takeover with Clearlake Capital. The American billionaire has made some impressive moves in the transfer market so far with his business partner Behdad Eghbali, completing high-profile deals for Raheem Sterling, Marc Cucurella and Kalidou Koulibaly. DON'T MISSAnthony Gordon to Chelsea agreement 'done in the coming days'Chelsea learn Xavi stance on De Jong in Barcelona transferTuchel makes transfer remark in Boehly's programme notes Boehly has already sanctioned £175million of transfers this summer and is prepared to continue spending, with Wesley Fofana, Frankie de Jong, Cesare Casadei and Anthony Gordon all reported to be on Thomas Tuchel’s shortlist. But he is keen to pass over the responsibility to an experienced negotiator with football recruitment background, with Boehly hoping to install a new sporting director in time for the January transfer window. The report adds that Chelsea’s process is ‘ongoing’, although the fact that their remaining targets are employed with other clubs would suggest that appointing a replacement for Granovskaia by the transfer deadline on August 31 is unrealistic. That would likely see Boehly handle the club’s business in the last three weeks of the transfer window, with a flurry of incomings and departures expected during a summer of change at Stamford Bridge.