In the latest instalment of Blue Bloods, Erin Reagan (played by Bridget Moynahan) announced her campaign to become New York’s next District Attorney. Taking to her personal Instagram account, the actress has now confirmed the race for the DA position will form a major part of the CBS drama’s upcoming 13th season. Bridget has given fans their first look at Erin’s DA campaign in the next season of Blue Bloods. The daughter of Commissioner Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck), Erin confirmed in this year’s season finale she was vying to take the position from current DA Kimberly Crawford (Rosyln Ruff). As her announcement came just before the series headed into its summer hiatus, some fans may have been concerned season 13 would jump ahead to the end of her campaign. Thankfully, her latest post seems to confirm Erin’s new role will be front and centre for at least the first portion of Blue Bloods run from 2022-23. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jean gobsmacked as guests' budget makes history In her Instagram update, Bridget held up a blue t-shirt emblazoned with ‘Elect Eric Regan for Manhattan District Attorney’. Her caption read: “Do I have your vote? @bluebloods_cbs #erinreagan4da @brookestilesdmd.” Bridget’s co-star Abigail Hawk replied: “Detective Baker approves!” The post also attracted a number of Blue Bloods fans who were naturally excited to see Erin’s dramatic decision play out. @bm_dario_ replied: “Yes, you have my vote as well as my wife's.” @mymichelleo commented: “Heck yes! Can we get all the Reagans to run for office?!?! When do the new episodes drop?” @lancetoshi added several love heart emojis and said: “Erin’s got my vote.” Many other fans were also holding out hope for Erin’s campaign t-shirt to eventually become available as merchandise for the series. DON'T MISS:America’s Got Talent fans fume as Jordan Conley faces wildcard vote [REACTION]NCIS star lands huge Jake Gyllenhaal movie role [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr nearly played by different star [INSIGHT] @mariahart73 replied: “Awesome! I need one of those shirts!” @grobie_ wrote: “Yes, you have my vote. I need this shirt?” @andygo96 added: “Got my vote and been wearing the t-shirt, got it from Etsy on Friday.” (sic) Some intrepid viewers already seem to have made fan-made versions of Erin’s campaign t-shirt, though an official line has yet to surface. Fans are eagerly awaiting to see how much Erin’s campaign will feature in the season, as Blue Bloods rarely tackles overarching storylines for a single character. Hopefully, t-shirts being printed is a sure sign Erin and Kim’s battle for the DA seat will be one of the biggest narrative driving forces behind season 13. As one of the viewers’ favourite characters, they’ll undoubtedly be behind Erin to win her bid for the coveted new role by the time her campaign wraps up. Blue Bloods season 13 premieres Friday, October 7 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.