Chelsea are holding a meeting with Barcelona on Tuesday in an attempt to thrash out a deal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, according to reports. Aubameyang is the Blues' top striker target before the close of the transfer window on Thursday. The former Gabon star only left Arsenal in January after falling out with manager Mikel Arteta. However, he is already keen on a move back to the capital. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel wants to be reunited with the 33-year-old following their successful two years together at Borussia Dortmund. Doubts have risen in recent days over whether a deal will happen due to Barca's price demand. But it appears Chelsea have not given up in their pursuit of Aubameyang. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says a new meeting has been set up with Barca to discuss a potential transfer. Chelsea team news: Predicted XI vs Southampton as Tuchel confirms plan  Aubameyang has already given a green light to the deal but the clubs now have to find an agreement. Romano tweeted: "New important meeting scheduled on Tuesday for Pierre Aubameyang with Chelsea and Barcelona discussing on the structure of the deal. "Still no full agreement but parties at work. Auba still waiting for clubs to agree on the fee - deal up to the two clubs now." Chelsea are in the market for a forward following the departures of Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner. Lukaku rejoined Inter Milan on loan, while Werner has moved back to RB Leipzig on a permanent deal. Aubameyang has a prolific goal record wherever he has been and scored 13 goals in the second half of last season after joining Barca. But the arrival of Robert Lewandowski has already seen his game time restricted under Xavi. DON'T MISSMan Utd are hoping swap deal can solve an 11-year problem for Erik ten HagArsenal may have another Saliba already after Edu nailed negotiationsAntony could renew bitter feud with Liverpool star after signing for Man Utd  If he does sign, Aubameyang could make his Chelsea debut at home to West Ham on Saturday. First up, Tuchel's side visit Southampton this evening. Chelsea beat Leicester 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Saturday to register their second win of the season. Speaking at his pre-match press conference, Tuchel admitted he wants to make multiple signings before the window shuts. He said: "Right now we could need some more players in some positions, but it’s very close to the end of the transfer window, and when the first of September finishes, I will be a happy coach no matter what happens. I will try to find solutions and not think what could have happened. "The only thing that matters is reality. On Saturday the only thing that mattered was to find a way to win the match, even from a disadvantaged position." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 