The UK has experienced its fair share of gorgeous, hot weather in the last few weeks, within many taking this opportunity to host open barbecues. However, M&S is trying to put a stop to this. M&S has stopped selling disposable barbecues across the UK. This comes as the UK experienced its hottest day ever, with temperatures exceeding a sweltering 40 degrees. The retailer tweeted: "At M&S we want to help protect open spaces and reduce the risk of fires. "We’d already stopped selling disposable barbecues near national parks and in London but given the unusually hot and dry conditions, we’ve taken the precautionary step of removing them from sale across the UK." READ MORE: Tesco, Aldi, Sainsbury's and more recall popular food products M&S spoke to the BBC about their latest decision to combat the risk of fires. "We'd already stopped selling disposable barbecues near national parks and in London. "But given the unusually hot and dry conditions, we've taken the precautionary step of removing them from sale across the UK." London Fire Brigade has been calling for the removal of disposable barbecues from stores in the UK. They have called the move by the supermarket giant "good news". Andy Roe, commissioner of the London Fire Brigade, called for disposable barbecues to be removed from stores. The emergency service had already urged people against using barbecues in open spaces, grassland and balconies during the unforgettable UK heatwave. A spokesperson from the London Fire Brigade explained that they wanted to work with retailers to stop the sale of disposable barbecues. READ MORE: Britons travelling to Spain warned of dangerous new 'phenomenon' This is because grass fires can be "dangerous". During the heatwave, on July 19, the London Fire Brigade experienced their busiest day since "Second World War", Sadiq Khan told BBC's Radio Four. M&S' decision may prompt others to do the same, with Retail analyst Jonathan de Mello expecting that other supermarkets will follow suit. In June 2021, Co-op reportedly stopped selling disposable barbecues in stores near to parks.  If retailers do continue to sell disposable barbecues, perhaps extra safety measures may be put in place. A spokesperson from Sainsbury's said that their disposable barbecue packaging includes advice on safe use and disposal, reported the BBC. But why does the hot weather make for optimum conditions for a fire? A fire needs fuel, oxygen and heat in order to blaze. What's more, Extreme heat causes grass to dry out, which is the perfect setting for a huge blaze. 