Following England’s victory in the Euro 2022 final, Gary Lineker took to Twitter to praise the moment – though he did decide to delete one of his tweets after causing a stir. The 61-year-old explained why he deleted the comment, though said it was because people hadn’t seen the game and didn’t know the context of the tweet rather than the backlash. Manchester City forward Chloe Kelly was the match-winner on Sunday night, scuffing home the winner in the 110th minute at Wembley Stadium against Germany, sending the nation into a frenzy. Kelly celebrated by taking her shirt off and spinning it above her head, wearing a Nike sports bra beneath. The photo of the celebration has already gone down in history and will be iconic to the tournament, with many comparing it to the photo of former USA star Brandi Chastain after scoring the winning penalty at the 1999 World Cup final. Tweeting after the goal, Lineker wrote: “The Lionesses have only gone and done it, and Kelly is England’s heroine, bra none.” The tweet received plenty of criticism though, with some feeling that it was “casual sexism” and others feeling it took away from the moment itself. Former Leicester City striker Lineker then deleted the post, following it up with another tweet: “It was just a play on words given the celebration. MUST READ: England Euros hero Bronze wants World Cup glory - 'Missing a star' “I do rubbish like that constantly on here, including on men’s football. I’ve deleted it as many people didn’t see the game so missed the context.” Lineker then somewhat redeemed himself by rehashing his infamous quote following Italia 90, saying: “Football is a simple game. 22 women chase a ball for 90 minutes and, at the end, England actually win. Congratulations Lionesses. Fabulous.” England’s victory is expected to spark a major rise in the popularity of women’s football, with many calling for the FA to make use of the opportunity. Ian Wright was a pundit throughout the tournament and, after watching England beat Sweden in the semi-final, was vocal in how there needs to be a legacy following it. DON'T MISS...Alex Scott in tears again over 'emotional’ Euros 2022 winEngland hero Ella Toone's amusing response to Harry Kane tweetEngland stars gatecrash Sarina Wiegman press conference after victory Then following the Lionesses’ historic victory at the weekend, he said: "I can’t put into words how much work has gone into this and they’re getting what they deserve. I’m so proud, I can’t believe it! I’m still a bit shocked by it. "She (Sarina Wiegman, manager) has used that XI through the whole of the tournament but the people that are coming on know that they’ve got a role to play and they’re happy to come off the bench and play their role. Every single player has played a part. It hurts (to lose a final). I walked past the trophy in 2009 and it stayed with me forever. I’m so happy.”