Video and images show the dead beast on the rocks as a marine biologist moves the stretchy flesh and tentacles to reveal its sharp, black beak after it was discovered on of Scarborough Beach in Western Cape. Tim Dee, an author from Bristol, was birdwatching in the area and decided to visit the dead cephalopod after it was posted on a local community group earlier that day.  A marine biologist is seen moving the elusive squid's tentacles and arms to reveal its beak, which is comparable to one of a parrot's due to its shape, in the remarkable discovery. The beak is used by the animal to bite fish and ingest prey and other food when it's deep-water hunting. When fully grown the giant squid is massive and can be at least 33 feet (10 metres) long. These mysterious eight-armed creatures are rarely seen by humans. But Mr Dee said he “hurried” as soon as he heard about the “amazing ghost creature”. He said: "I am a birdwatcher and always looking at the beach and shore here at Scarborough. "We're only a few miles north of the Cape of Good Hope - the southwestern most point of Africa. "All sorts of oceanic oddities turn up, dead and alive. "The giant squid was first found by dog-walkers early in the morning. "They posted a picture on a village wildlife message board we share.  READ MORE: Ultra-rare 10-foot beast washes up on beach ALIVE "I hurried there as soon as I heard. "It was an amazing ghost creature: I knew they have hardly ever been seen alive, and I knew that they lived far out in very deep water. "I knew that they had the largest eye of any animal. "And I knew that this one was not seeing anything anymore even as it looked up at the sky of Scarborough. "And then to see the squid's arms and tentacles and that strange mouth being articulated was strangest of all. "The movie Alien came to mind - those nested teeth in the centre of the monster's head and here was that alien on the beach just beyond the bottom of my garden.  DON'T MISS Giant squid filmed hunting prey 2,500ft under the sea for first time [VIDEO]Mysterious creature that scarred shark baffles scientists [INSIGHT]Coronavirus News: Town spends relief money on statue of giant squid [PICTURES] "There was a pilgrimage to the stranded animal all through yesterday; the IZIKO museum in Cape Town came and took samples for its Marine Invertebrates collection.” The giant squid is the largest invertebrate on Earth and has the largest eyes. Their big eyes help them to spy objects in dark depths where most other animals wouldn’t see a thing. The biggest giant squid ever found was 18 metres long and weighed nearly a ton.