Geri Horner has taken to Instagram to celebrate her daughter Bluebell's latest achievement. The Spice Girl, 50, couldn't help but gush over Bluebell's academic milestone as GCSE results were released earlier in the week. In view of her 1.2 million followers, the former singer gushed over her daughter's achievement. Geri wrote: "SO Proud of you Blue! "All A [stars] !! 9 GCSES! "You worked so hard! You inspire me! Girl power!!!!!" she ended the post alongside a row of stars. READ MORE: Strictly’s Maisie Smith flaunts toned abs in tiny string bikini The proud mum shared a sweet snap of Bluebell excitedly opening her GCSE results with a huge smile on her face. Geri later shared an update, posting a selfie of herself with Bluebell. She penned: "So proud!!!! celebrate. #GCSEs" The star's celebrity friends and fans took to the comments to congratulate Bluebell on her achievement. Emma Bunton wrote: "Amazing, congratulations bluebell. Sending love. Xx" While Gordan Ramsey's daughter Holly, added: "Congratulations bluebell!!" alongside a heart. Rylan Clark simply wrote: "Bluey xxx." Instagram user hoiskiez penned: "Congratulations Bluebell, amazing results!" DON'T MISS... Stacey Dooley announces she's expecting first child with Kevin Clifton [INSIGHT]Kevin Bacon issues sad family update after suffering tragic loss [ANALYSIS]APITS's Jasmine Harmans reacts as she's told 'not to wear mini dress' [UPDATE] It comes after the star reportedly found herself at the centre of a row with her neighbours, after allegedly building a huge barn for her horses without planning permission. Locals reportedly branded the barn “hideous” and moaned that it is an eyesore. Geri and her Formula 1 star husband Christian Horner, 48, live in a sprawling countryside mansion in Oxfordshire and they are said to have built a barn for the former Ginger Spice’s 14 horses, without being granted planning permission. Now, they are seeking retrospective approval, according to The Sun. The publication reported that their neighbours have objected to the building, branding it “hideous” and claiming it “destroys the landscape and views”. They are said to have also blamed the barn for affecting their mobile phone signals. According to The Sun, the neighbours wrote in a letter to the council: “They have even re-routed public footpaths and installed their own style gates, how is that being allowed?” Geri and Christian had also applied for permission to build a 36ft greenhouse, but this was denied. Express.co.uk has contacted Geri’s representatives for comment.