The Voice judges Anne-Marie and Tom Jones joined This Morning hosts Vernon Kay and Rochelle Humes on Tuesday's show to discuss the new series of the ITV singing competition. When discussing their relationship, Anne-Marie revealed the thing she loves most about working alongside Tom in a touching tribute. After welcoming them to the show, Vernon asked: "For you Anne-Marie, to be sat next to the man it must be amazing. "Have you managed to chat and sit down with Sir Tom and just say, 'How do you do this, what is it like when you do this?' "I mean I know you have a wealth of experience yourself but it's Sir Tom..." Anne-Marie smiled at the comments and explained: "Picking the brains, I ask him questions all the time, so it is nice to talk to him about stuff. READ MORE: 'Why don't they just go?' Vernon Kay speaks out on Meghan and Harry "Plus when he is singing next to me I literally lose my mind, I'm like this is one of the best experiences of my life, I did say that, didn't I? It's just unbelievable." Rochelle added: "Sat next to him singing is like being at a front row concert because we love those moments on The Voice and you guys break into song." The Voice UK is returning this Saturday with a brand new series, including beloved judges Anne-Marie, Olly Murs, Sir Tom Jones, and Will.i.am. Ahead of the 11th series, things are set to be shaken up as it swaps out its virtual audience for a live audience for the first time since 2019. The show is also introducing a new callback feature and will see hopeful contestants that made it through the blind auditions battle it out to earn a place in the semi-final. Touching on the exciting news that the live audiences are returning, Anne-Marie told PA: "Well I’ve never experienced it, so it’s a first for me. "It’s great to have a live audience. Although it is a little loud… so I’m trying to hear the singers and get through the cheers and shouting, but it’s so nice." Anne-Marie only joined the line-up last year, but despite her being a newbie to the show, she and act Craig Eddie stormed to the end and won the competition. DON'T MISS...Martin Clunes admits ITV wanted to keep Doc Martin  [LATEST]Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think  [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's podcast savaged as expert claims popularity won't last [WATCH] The pop star recently opened up about her first time experience and revealed to Evening Standard: "I’d say last year, it was probably my own issues of feeling not worthy of it. "When I got it, when I was called and they said we would like you to do it, I was like what, really, me? “So I had like a doubt the whole time, like am I worthy of this, have I got stuff to give to people that they can learn from? "For the whole of last year I was going through the process when most questions I’d get asked I had something to say and something to give, and it was almost like this experience was helping me as well as the people on the competition. "I think by the end of the competition and the end of the show I was like, 'Oh wow, I do have the knowledge, I do have stuff to give to people.' “So coming back that’s what I have changed about myself, I know that I deserve to be here so having that confidence actually makes me a better coach. "So I am hoping that I can be better than last year really." The Voice returns Saturday, September 3 at 8pm on ITV.