I am fed up with criminals breaking into our country and our politicians being too scared to do anything about it. Of course I do not want to see people drowning; I do not want to see people in terrible anguish. But if you want to come to this nation legally there are ways to do it. Arriving without permission in boats or lorries is illegal and both the people smugglers and the people being smuggled are committing a crime. Lots of people are being critical of actor Laurence Fox who fell foul of the woke brigade on the BBC's Question Time. I like him and I have interviewed him on a number of occasions. He can be a little over the top but I think he could be the new Nigel Farage. His latest campaign about how the police are letting us all down has to be admired. I do not know whether you saw the video - it is all over social media - of a bunch of cops turning up to arrest a guy who retweeted an image of a swastika made up of Pride flags, that Laurence had already posted.  Someone read it and phoned the police to say they had been traumatised by it. I get traumatised every day by all kinds of things. If you the police and say you have been burgled, they may or may not do anything about it - and yet they respond if someone says something a little extreme. Apparently there are more than 40 - yes 40 - diversity and equality officers employed by the MOD. We might not have enough troops to fight a war, but at least we will be well equipped to make sure the enemy is not discriminating against us! It is nonsense. Diversity rules cause exactly what they are supposed to stop. They make you want to have a go at people different to yourself and they create friction where there was none before. This is not a racist country; we are not oozing with what these highly-paid pen-pushers call white privilege. Diversity is a woke industry that has suddenly built up from nowhere. We do not need it, we do not want it, and if you are in a company that insists on sending you on a diversity training course I suggest that you tell them where to go. They will want to send us all on gender-training courses next - and demand we choose from one of the dozens of different genders they insist exist! So if you are a diversity trainer, a gender trainer, or in some other kind of woke non-job, then do us all a favour and look for proper work because society does not need you.  What are we going to do about the price of fuel? Last week, BP revealed huge profits. In fact, all the energy companies are doing well. I do not begrudge them making money but I do have a problem when the rest of us are finding it hard to get the extra cash to pay their bills. Am I the only one who could not give a monkey's about the Commonwealth Games? As a staunch royalist, you may be surprised that I could not care less about the Commonwealth. I think it is outdated and it is time we removed ourselves from it. It costs too much money and there are too many countries in it which have appalling human rights records. I just do not see the point of it, particularly as most of them do not really think much of us. It is time to say, "Bye-bye Commonwealth" and move forward. I am sure all those people who moan about the British Empire being a terrible thing cannot really understand why we cling on to a Commonwealth of Nations that seem to have completely different standards to us.  American politician Nancy Pelosi goes to Taiwan and all hell breaks loose. America will suffer the consequences, according to China, which has being carrying out live-fire war exercises all around the island in a bullying show of strength. Though China's missiles are just posturing at the moment, the firepower currently flying about with this and Russia blasting away in Ukraine, is certainly making seem a more dangerous The Chinese have apparently imposed sanctions on Pelosi for her visit.  I think I am going all soft. I have just found out the legendary actor, singer and best-looking guy in the country, Mr Jess Conrad, has moved in down the road from me. I have known Jess for quite some time. He is funny and charming. But I live in the middle of nowhere so how surprised was I to find out that he and his lovely wife Renée are my new neighbours? Lady W and I took them to the local pub for lunch last Sunday. Jess and I are now competing to become the best-looking man in the village.  