Chelsea are set to reportedly see a deal for Dinamo Moscow starlet Arsen Zakharyan collapse as sanctions on the Russian economy mean the youngster's transfer to Stamford Bridge is expected to be blocked. The developments are just the latest setback for the Blues who also appear set to miss out on Everton's Anthony Gordon and Crystal Palace's Wilfried Zaha. Thomas Tuchel currently finds himself short of options in attack following the west London club's decision to allow Romelu Lukaku to rejoin Inter Milan on loan and Timo Werner to head back to RB Leipzig on a permanent basis. Chelsea have made no secret of their desire to add further firepower to their ranks before Thursday's fast-approaching deadline, however, that appears to be growing increasingly challenging. While the Blues remain locked in talks with Barcelona over a deal to see ex-Arsenal striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang return to the Premier League, they have also made efforts to sign Everton winger Gordon and enquired about the possibility of poaching Zaha from Palace. In keeping with the club's new-found focus on acquiring the game's top talent under new owner Todd Boehly, Chelsea are also understood to have targeted Russian prodigy Zakharyan. However, it seems the west Londoners have been dealt a triple blow heading into the final day of the summer window. According to the Evening Standard, a deal to sign Zakharyan for the club's academy is set to collapse due to the ongoing turmoil in the 19-year-old's homeland. Sanctions on the Russian economy due to the war in Ukraine mean the young midfielder's potential move to Stamford Bridge is set to be blocked. The Blues were seeking to activate Zakharyan's £12.6million release clause. JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel To compound matters, Chelsea's hopes of landing either Gordon or Zaha are now thought to be off as well. Efforts to sign Gordon this summer have been staunchly resisted by Everton, who are understood to have rejected bids worth up to £45m for the winger. With the Toffees determined to retain the England Under-21 international in the current window whilst holding out for a fee in the region of £60m for their prized asset, Chelsea are said to have conceded defeat. The Blues are understood to no longer be willing to bid beyond £40m for the attacker. Speaking after his side's 1-1 draw with Leeds on Tuesday night, Everton boss Frank Lampard reiterated the Toffees' not-for-sale stance regarding Gordon. He said: “He's too important a player and I think he showed his worth in the last two games. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes “And with two days now to go [until the transfer window closes], what good would it do us to do anything with Anthony? On a bigger picture than that, he is our player who we've developed and there's an affiliation with him and the fans and vice versa. Clearly, the interest has been there because he's a top player. And that's why we're so keen to keep him.” Meanwhile, Chelsea were understood to have made Palace talisman Zaha their contingency plan should a move for Gordon fail to materialise, however, that too appears a no-goer. Sources close to the situation surrounding the Eagles star are thought to have admitted a deal with the Blues is 'unlikely'.