The record-breaking heatwave came hot on the heels of the driest eight-month spell from November to June since the baking temperatures of 1976. In some parts of the country, the twin pressures of high demand for water and prolonged dry weather have left companies like Southern Water and South East Water with no choice but to trigger hosepipe restrictions. We understand it can be frustrating for households. But it's a vital move to protect our rivers and streams and ensure they are not left permanently scarred. It's also a necessary step to ensure our essential water use in the home is not restricted - something we know that households would not accept. With little prospect of substantial rainfall on the horizon it's very likely we will see some other water companies in hotspot areas introduce similar restrictions in the coming weeks and months. Through the National Drought Group - which brings together government, regulators and the wider water sector - we're working together to plot a way through the challenging months that lie ahead. None of us of course can control the weather. But we can and must all play our part in using water as wisely as we can, both at home and work. Whether that's simply remembering to turn off the tap while we brush our teeth or ensuring we only ever use the washing machine with a full load - these small savings really matter, if everybody plays their part. Saving water doesn't come naturally to many of us. And our research shows that some people are completely unsure where to start and even why it actually matters. That's where water companies have a critical role to play, not only in supporting their customers with practical advice, but also helping them to understand how their use of water affects the natural world around them. Now - more than ever - companies also need to show their commitment by ambitiously reducing leakage. And they also need to show customers how they are investing their money to keep our taps running long into the future.