Blackburn Rovers forward Ben Brereton Diaz will leave Ewood Park to join a Premier League club before Thursday's all-important transfer deadline, according to reports. The likes of Leeds United, Newcastle and Everton are said to be keeping tabs on the Chile international, who has emerged as one of the best players in the Championship over the last few seasons. The Toffees are believed to be leading the race for Brereton Diaz as things stand, with Frank Lampard having identified the 23-year-old as a top target as the summer window draws to a close. Rennes forward Serhou Guirassy has also been linked with Everton as a potential alternative to Diaz, but transfer expert Jacques Talbot believes that the latter will make the switch to Goodison Park if the Merseyside outfit decide to meet Blackburn's asking price over the next few days.When quizzed on whether Everton will launch a move for Guirassy in the near future, Tablot told Give Me Sport: "Yes, if they can’t get Brereton Diaz. He’s not the best player, but he will certainly be one they’re looking at."I don’t think he’s the number one target. I think that’s Brereton Diaz, of Blackburn. I imagine that will get done, which makes a lot of sense." JUST IN: Carragher tells Everton YouTuber 'get to f***' in row over Richarlison Lampard has already reinforced his attacking ranks at Everton with the signing of Neal Maupay, who joined the Toffees from Brighton and Hove Albion earlier this month. However, the former Chelsea boss is seemingly determined to dive back into the market for another striker before the transfer window slams shut on Thursday evening.Brereton Diaz would certainly be able to provide some additional firepower for Everton after scoring 22 goals in the Championship over the course of last season. He has also established himself as a key man for Chile in recent years and excelled at last summer's Copa America, proving that he is more than capable of performing on the biggest stages when required to do so. Blackburn are reportedly holding out for a fee in the region of £15million in exchange for Brereton Diaz, who remains tied down to the Lancashire club until the end of the season. Rovers manager Jon Dahl Tomasson recently stopped short of guaranteeing that Brereton Diaz would be staying at Ewood Park beyond this week's deadline, with the financial side of things set to play a key role in deciding the player's immediate future."He’s doing a tremendous job [but] at the end of the day, money will decide what happens," said Tomasson. "It’s not a surprise for anyone, eight players left, we’ve brought in three so we need to bring more in."When we have players in, there could be a couple leave. I think you should always be very honest to the fans. They have a passion, they love the club and they’re not stupid, they’ve seen players coming in and players going out." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here