Both Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton are royal style icons and occasionally wear very similar pieces. The fashionable Duchesses once stepped out wearing sheer necklines. On April 6, 2016, the Duchess of Cambridge attended a reception at Kensington Palace ahead of their tour to India and Bhutan. She wore a royal blue floor-length dress with polka dots and looked stunning. This was known as the Saloni Mary Flocked Chiffon Gown. The dress had a traditional ruffled collar in navy and cuffed sleeves in the same colour. READ MORE: Top royal 'rule breakers' have 'crazy' habit Queen doesn't like  A band of silk separated the bodice from the skirt, accentuating the Duchess' tiny waist. However, the most show-stopping element of the Duchess' gown was its semi-sheer panelling. This panelling was navy and made up the arms and plunging neckline, however, it was also covered in polka dots. She paired this with her gorgeous 12ct Ceylon sapphire engagement ring and a pair of gold drop earrings. On her feet the Duchess opted for a pair of navy suede pumps with pointed toes. As for her hairstyle, the Duchess was elegant as ever with bouncy curls. She wore minimal makeup with a sweep of blush, touch of shimmery teal eyeshadow and nude lipstick. But Kate was not the first Duchess to rock a sheer look. In her pre-royal days, Meghan Markle wore a stunning burgundy dress. READ MORE: Lady Louise loves one key accesssory - but Kate may not be a fan  On October 22, 2014, the now Duchess stepped out in Toronto to attend The Isabella Blow Foundation Presentation of Fashion Blows. She looked breathtaking in a floor-length burgundy gown, officially called the Burberry Prorsum Belted Crinkled Silk-Crepe Gown. The dress had lots of dimension with some asymmetrical pleats on the skirt of the gown. And just like Kate two years later, she also rocked some sheer panelling. The sheer piece fell across the shoulders and the cleavage area. It was a little less subtle than Kate's sheer look as it had no polka dots or patterns to distract from the potentially risqué material. Meghan paired her dress with a chic leather jacket, complete with gold buttons and buckle, and wore a tiny gold clutch. She wore her hair in loose waves on one side of her face and an elegant makeup look comprising a nude lip, bronzed cheeks and a dark smokey eye.