Jeremy Clarkson has confirmed Diddly Squat Farm will soon be back at the forefront of the Amazon Prime Video series for the second season of Clarkson's Farm. The first instalments of the docu-series were a hit with fans as they explored the broadcaster's journey after buying a 1,000-acre plot and got to grips with running a farm. The 62-year-old has now teased fans with news that the upcoming series has been filmed and the "long process of editing" will begin.  The Grand Tour host confirmed the news to a fan on Twitter after being asked about the show. "Finished filming on Monday," he responded. "Now the long process of editing begins." Twitter user @MichaelLoda asked: "@JeremyClarkson So, they haven’t been editing anything throughout this whole time?" (sic) The former Top Gear presenter answered: "Yup. We have done four shows." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Zoe Henry admits it's 'difficult' watching co-star  He remained tight-lipped about exact dates, but it seems fans will soon be able to tune in and catch up on all the latest from the Oxfordshire farm. Jeremy announced on Instagram last year that a second season of the show had been given the green light. In a short video posted by the presenter, he said: "Following the success of the first series, I'm delighted to say that there will be a second series of Clarkson's Farm." His co-star Kaleb Cooper is heard saying: "You mean Kaleb's Farm?" to which Jeremy replies: "No, all the team are back. "Jeff and Charlie, Lisa, Gerald and the foetus in a tractor." Fans were quick to pick up on Clarkson's tweet and expressed their excitement for the series. Twitter user @ThorShin2 wrote: "Cannot wait. One of the two reasons I have amazon prime. Not hard to guess the other." @AlexMiller1986 penned: "Can’t wait have watched the first season 4 times already such a great watch." DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty blasted by BBC fans over grilling of Labour MP [REACTION]Antiques Roadshow: Titanic survivor relative blown away by value [VIDEO]Didi Conn in tears over Olivia Newton-John's final gift [LATEST] @KrystalKlear11 added: "@JeremyClarkson GREAT excitement from my 11-year-old at this news. He’s obsessed." "I am looking forward to watching it. Good Luck with the harvesting I hope you can get back at it soon," @SindrinX2 posted. @xQueen_Piscesx shared: "Thanks for the update. Cannot wait to watch it." @LeonieHutchins wrote: "I am so excited for the second season." Kaleb recently said he will never leave the countryside as he talked about his hatred for the capital. Jeremy has made an unlikely star of 23-year-old Kaleb, who shares a jokingly-rocky relationship with the journalist. The farmer recently called London "f***ing awful" as he talked about his experiences of leaving the countryside and how he rarely travels far from his home in Oxfordshire. It seems the 24-year-old will be looking forward to making a return too, with his agricultural expertise always welcomed by Clarkson. Clarkson's Farm returns to Amazon Prime Video soon. 