Amnesty International last week published a report on Ukraine. It was a tawdry document which in effect attacked the Ukrainians for daring to resist the Russian invaders and thus "putting civilians at risk". Amnesty argued that Ukrainian forces in Kharkiv, Donbas and Mykolaiv have broken international law by operating from residential areas. Its general secretary, Agnes Callamard, wrote: "We have documented a pattern of Ukrainian forces putting civilians at risk and violating the laws of war when they operate in populated areas." Amnesty was roundly condemned, not least by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, who rightly accused it of trying to "shift responsibility from the aggressor to the victim". Even human rights lawyers joined in, pointing out that Amnesty had failed to take account of the reason the Ukrainians were in residential areas - because Russia had invaded and was raping, murdering and capturing civilians. Ukraine was attempting to defend its people. The head of Amnesty's Ukraine branch resigned in protest, while the Russian government gleefully tweeted Amnesty's condemnation of the Ukrainians. The only surprise is that anyone is surprised by Amnesty's behaviour. As per Conquest's Second Law, it long ago moved from its original purpose. When Amnesty was set up in 1961 it had a clear purpose: to campaign on behalf of people imprisoned for their political views. Anyone who believes in democracy could support such a stance and as a student in the 1980s I made donations, which I continued for years. Amnesty pursued its cause with an inclusive approach that meant people with very different politics felt comfortable coming together. But over time, as it grew bigger and better funded, Amnesty moved to a looser remit following the obsessions and views of its staff. Those staff then selected others with the same outlook and, in a matter of years, Amnesty became an organisation that pursues an ideological agenda with vast funds at its disposal. In 2020 Amnesty International received over £300million in donations. It now has more in common with the likes of Stop the War than with its original purpose. Another once admirable organisation which has gone down the path of putting hard core ideology over inclusivity in recent years is Stonewall. When Stonewall was established in 1989 it campaigned for equality for gay people. It was hugely successful, not least because its focus on an obviously just cause gave it great moral standing. Now, however, it pushes a version of trans rights so extreme that it argues two-yearolds can be trans. Grotesque as this is, it is a logical extension of Stonewall's belief that anyone should be able to change their sex legally simply by asserting their new gender and thus, for example, that biological men with penises should have access to rape crisis centres and female prisons because they say they are female. Last month a report led to the closure of the Gender and Identity Development Service at the Tavistock Centre, where children were given puberty blockers and other drugs to "transition" their sex as if it was normal. Stonewall backed the Tavistock Centre in its appeal against Keira Bell, who sued the clinic which had prescribed her puberty blockers at 16. She changed her mind over becoming male and accused the centre of not challenging her request to transition rigorously enough. Stonewall received £11.5million income in 2020. Like Amnesty, it is a behemoth and uses its vast resources to push its extreme agenda and to attack those who resist it. Unlike Amnesty, Stonewall was more or less successful in its original aim. It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that it embraced trans rights as a vehicle to ensure a continued purpose, and has kept moving to ever more extreme positions. Stonewall and Amnesty each have their own focus. But they are two sides of the same coin - and they show all too clearly the need to be ever vigilant against the superficial but fake authority of too many such organisations. 'Once admirable organisations putting ideology over inclusivity'