Rafael Nadal is said to be furious after his pregnant wife’s medical information was leaked after she was admitted to hospital at home in Mallorca, with the world No 3 away in New York for the US Open. The Nadal family are now considering moving Mery Perello to another facility after footage from the hospital was also leaked, while an update on her situation has been provided. Nadal’s US Open campaign has been overshadowed by problems back home in Mallorca after his pregnant wife was admitted to hospital as an emergency earlier this week. The Spaniard’s family is said to be “very angry” that a video showing the moment Perello arrived at Palma’s Hospital Quironsalud Palmaplanas was leaked to the press and they will now be “looking for the guilty parties”, per Marca. There is some good news as the 22-time Major champion’s wife is said to be out of danger and improving, though will remain hospitalised. And the Nadal family is now considering whether they will move her to another facility after revealing that Perello’s medical information was also leaked to the press, with reporters said to be waiting outside of the hospital. JUST IN: Raducanu outlines plans for rest of the year after US Open exit  The leaked reports indicate that Nadal’s wife - who is currently 31 weeks pregnant - will remain in hospital until she reaches 34 weeks as a precaution for observation. Nadal has remained in New York where he is competing at the US Open for the first time since winning the tournament in 2019, but is said to be furious with the invasion of his wife’s privacy. Meanwhile, Perello has been joined in hospital by her parents and by Nadal’s sister Maribel, one of her long-time friends. They remain by her side while the 22-time Grand Slam champion seeks a record-extending 23rd title in Flushing Meadows as he continues his comeback from an abdominal injury that forced him to withdraw from Wimbledon. DON'T MISS Emma Raducanu to suffer massive rankings drop after US Open exitEmma Raducanu snubs Wimbledon in naming her 'favourite tournament'Emma Raducanu labelled 'not great' as Mats Wilander offers advice  Nadal and his wife were initially frustrated when Spanish tabloids reported that Mery was pregnant after two years of marriage and 14 years together. The 36-year-old was forced to confirm the news during a press conference held in June with the purpose of announcing that he would be playing at Wimbledon for the first time in three years.  “If all goes well, I'm going to be a father,” he told reporters. “I'm not used to talking about my private life. We live calmer with a lower profile. I don't expect that my life will change much with it.” 