Spiders are almost impossible to avoid in the autumn months and are often difficult to ward off using targeted chemical products. Though natural fragrances are recommended as the best alternative to keep these eight-legged insects away, some ingredients simply don’t work. Conkers are just one item that have not yet been proven to work against house spiders, but according to the experts at Checkatrade, there are several fragrant ingredients which do actually work to “spider-proof” your home, including peppermint and vapour rub. Unlike other pests, spiders are hard to get rid of using specific products as they can appear almost anywhere in the house, and don’t come from a single nest. While proofing every inch of your home with targeted treatments will keep creepy crawlies away, it can be harmful to your health to overload your property with chemicals. According to the experts at Checkatrade, fragrances are effective against spiders because their legs are used to sense their surroundings, but which ingredients actually work? READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients The tradesperson directory said: “Spiders use their hairy legs to sense vibration and ‘smell’ the world around them, so spraying repugnant-smelling liquids onto their favourite things will keep them at bay and help spider-proof your house.” The fresh smell of peppermint is intense at the best of times, and even more so for spiders lurking nearby. According to Checkatrade, this minty solution works best in a spray form, using peppermint oil diluted in water. The spray can be used wherever you commonly see spiders, as well as areas that don’t see the light of day. It is most effective on entry points such as the frames of windows, doors, and floor entrances. Keeping spiders out of the house is easier to do in the daytime but it is almost impossible at night while you’re sleeping. Luckily, vapour rub can be used as a safe and effective solution to deter creepy crawlies lurking in your dark bedroom through the night. Checkatrade said: “The eucalyptus and menthol in vapour-rubs are also scents spiders hate. “You can rub Vicks straight onto your chest, in the corners of your room, under your bed, and around your windows and doors to reap the benefits of unblocked airways and a spider-free zone." DON'T MISS'Worst thing you can do': How to avoid ruining garden in hosepipe ban [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [UPDATE]Homes Under the Hammer student buyers increase house value by £44k [ANALYSIS] This one may not smell as good around the house, but it has proven effective against unwanted spiders. The Checkatrade experts said: “Best used sparingly in nook and crannies, a vinegar and water mixture is a good pest control solution for insects, which includes spiders and ants.” Though the smell is unpleasant, it’s not the only thing that makes it a good spider-repellent. In fact, according to Extermpro, the acetic acid found in white vinegar is actually the active ingredient. When you make a diluted solution, it safely and successfully harms and kills spiders without putting young children or pets at risk.  Peppermint is very effective around windows and doors, though opting for a citrus peel has double the benefits. On balmy evenings when keeping windows and doors closed is not an option, polishing sills and frames with a lemon paste is very effective. Simply ground down zested lemon peel with some water and rub it around your frames and sills for a cleansing spider deterrent. Lemon-scented furniture polish also works.