Carla Loft first began her degree in her early twenties but decided to drop out at 22 and went into full-time work. She decided to pick up her degree again while pregnant with her second child after feeling "unfulfilled".  Carla, from Cheshire, said: "I decided to start my degree five years ago. I had started to feel a little unfulfilled and was looking for a new challenge. "It had always bothered me that I had never completed my degree in my early twenties so I decided to look into doing remote learning." Carla, who had a full time job, decided to start a degree in Combined Professional Studies and graduated with a Foundation Degree last month. She now works as an Accounts and Administration Assistant at a training company.  Carla said she "felt like giving up" after attempting to juggle "work, kids and life" but has urged other mums to give it a go. Carla, who had two children aged 13 and four, fell pregnant while in her second year at the Open University but persevered with her degree. She said: "It hasn't been easy and there were many times along the way that I felt like giving up. "I found juggling study time with work, kids and life in general challenging at times.  READ MORE: Schools weigh up moving to THREE-DAY week in 'crisis meetings' "I would have to be disciplined with my time and there were a lot of late nights which was the only time sometimes that I had time to study but the sense of achievement when I finally completed it outweighed all of that! "I made a promise to myself that I would prove to my boys that if you put your mind to it you can achieve anything you want to. "If I could offer any advice from my experience, it would be that you are never too old to start something new!" She added: "If you really want something and you are prepared to work for it, then anything is possible!"  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle [OPINION]Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour  [COMMENT]Meghan & Harry’s Jubilee body language gave away their true ‘focus’ [INSIGHT] Carla has received hundreds of praises after initially posting her success on Linkedin, with people branding her "inspiring". One person said: "Never too late... I got my first degree two kids and two grandchildren later at the age of 46. It keeps you young... keep going, this is only the start." Carla completed her degree with the Open University who offer flexible programmes that students can complete remotely. The university, based in the UK, promote their courses as being able to be "studied anywhere in the world". 