Stephen Reid's (played by Todd Boyce) suspicious behaviour on Coronation Street is set to continue in upcoming scenes when he suggests Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls) should sign her trust fund paperwork. Audrey has been trusting Stephen with her finances on the ITV soap, but is she about to discover he is only using her for her money? ITV soap fans will remember Audrey decided to put all of her money in a trust fund managed by Stephen. The idea did not sit well with David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) who thought it was a huge mistake. In scenes yet to air on Coronation Street, Stephen gets annoyed when his card gets declined in a cafe. He later pays the deposit for Audrey's afternoon tea and uses a card in the name of Mrs Gabrielle Reid. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert shares disappointing find on Beatles letter In scenes to air next week, Audrey makes a shock announcement and a stunned hush descends which is broken by the arrival of a waiter with a cake. Audrey later announces her plans to give the salon a complete makeover with no expense spared. Stephen tells Ken Barlow (William Roache) about Audrey's plans to reopen the salon and realises he knows more than he is letting on. When Stephen grills his mother she lies and makes out she's had a minor health scare.  Stephen suggests now would be a good time for Audrey to sign the trust fund paperwork but she insists there is not any rush. Will Audrey finally realise her son could only be after her money? Perhaps she will confront him to ask what his true intentions are. However, Stephen might not handle the situation well and could lash out at Audrey in a violent rage. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street’s Audrey Roberts star opens up on suicide attempt  [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Double exit as Yasmeen and Alya Nazir leave [THEORY]Coronation Street's Kelly Neelan star quits ITV soap [UPDATE] Could Audrey end up killing Stephen in an act of self-defence? Audrey is set to feature heavily on the soap in upcoming weeks in a heartbreaking suicide attempt storyline. Sue who plays Audrey said: “Her family [who are] busy with their own lives, see her down and upset moments as her not being able to cope with the real world, and she feels they have started treating her a bit like a child and she started to feel depressed. “She is mostly very healthy and together but her depression seemed to take over totally.”  The 78-year-old actress said she wants viewers to recognise the importance of being able to speak to people about their emotions. She added: “Sometimes the young generation might think that anyone over 70 isn’t capable of making decisions which in turn can make older people lose their sense of purpose and begin to feel quite useless.” "I do hope this storyline helps older people reach out and start talking about how they feel and for younger people to be aware of how much the older generation still has to offer," Sue exclaimed. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 