Better Call Saul may have started out as a Breaking Bad prequel but fans now love the AMC series as a stand-alone drama. Led by actor Bob Odenkirk as Jimmy McGill, Better Call Saul has been airing for seven years with just a couple more episodes left to air. Before it comes to a close for good, there were some actors who popped up that fans may recognise from elsewhere. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better Call Saul. Better Call Saul returned for season six, episode 11, entitled Breaking Bad, on Monday, August 1, on AMC and the following day on Netflix in the UK. Gene (played by Bob Odenkirk) slid back into his criminal ways, this time, working alongside cab driver Jeff (Pat Healy) and his mate (Max Bickelhaup) in setting up scams targeting the wealthy who love to drink. The plan was for them to target an individual who fit the criteria, with Gene encouraging them to get drunk and sending them home in Jeff's cab with a drugged bottle of water. Jeff would then help them stagger back home with his friend then slipping in to take their photo IDs, credit cards and any other sensitive information they could use to steal money. READ MORE: What England coach told Chloe Kelly amid penalty fears before scoring The first man with a hit on their backs was Alfred Hawthorne Hill (Devin Ratray) who Gene met at a bar. Gene continued to lose bets to Alfred to lead him into a false sense of security and get him very drunk in the process. The scammers' plan went off without a hitch, leaving Alfred passed out on his sofa as they raided his wallet. During this particular scene, fans couldn't help but notice who was behind Alfred. Better Call Saul's Alfred is portrayed by actor Devin Ratray who is Kevin McCallister's (Macaulay Culkin) older brother Buzz McCallister in the Home Alone franchise. Almost 30 years after the second movie, Ratray reprised his role in Disney+'s film Home Sweet Home Alone last year. This time around, Buzz was an adult who grew up to be a police officer. Ratray has starred in various other shows and films during his career following Home Alone. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise spin-off confirms three major cast announcements [CAST]Devin Ratray: What else has Better Call Saul actor starred in? [EXPLAINER]Better Call Saul fans 'in tears' over Walter and Jesse return [REACTION] He went on to appear in Dennis the Menace, Law and Order, Supernatural, The Good Wife, Mosaic and Chicago Med. Amazon Prime Video subscribers will argue his biggest role since Home Alone has been in the superhero comedy series The Tick. Ratray has been behind Tinfoil Kevin, a homeless person who lives on the streets near Arthur's (Griffin Newman) apartment, for the past three years. There were a couple more cameos in the latest Better Call Saul episode which left fans excited. Finally, the prequel has caught up to the Breaking Bad timeline with Jimmy now in full-on Saul mode. The episode, aptly named Breaking Bad, saw the first appearance of Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul as Walter White and Jesse Pinkman respectively. With just a couple more episodes left to air, what role will they play in the drama's grand finale? Better Call Saul season 6 continues every Monday on AMC in America and Tuesday on Netflix in the UK.