Once it was revealed that US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was likely going to Taiwan – the island democracy Communist China sees as a renegade province – neither she nor the US could afford to back down. Anything less would have smacked of weakness, not just to Beijing but to US allies in the region. The West has not only spent years cosying up to the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) but actively enriching China through the outsourcing of Western manufacturing. If China today is in a position to militarily challenge the West, then the West in no small part has itself to blame. Greed, and greed alone, blinded Western business and financial interests to what they were doing, enriching what has become the West’s major geostrategic rival. From today, we are going to see China’s response to Pelosi’s trip, involving military exercises inside Taiwan’s sea and air territory, amounting to a sea and air blockade. Already Chinese aircraft have ramped up incursions into Taiwan’s air defence identification zone (ADIZ). China was clearly caught off-guard and there is a major sense of humiliation. There was no attempt to intercept Pelosi’s plane. But, having talked up the Pelosi visit, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and leader Xi Jinping – up for a third term as party leader – now have to do something. China’s foreign ministry had warned that China’s People’s Liberation Army (PLA) “won’t sit by idly” if Beijing feels its “sovereignty and territorial integrity” is threatened. Now, Beijing has released a map of six zones around Taiwan where it will conduct exercises, and live-fire drills, from Thursday. While it is arguable that China, with its slowing economy and internal problems, hasn’t got the ability to fight a major war, don’t be so sure. Countries – especially dictatorships – have a habit of deflecting their peoples’ attentions from internal problems with overseas adventures. Plus, the PLA’s capabilities are getting better and China now has the world’s largest navy. Yes, its capabilities are still behind America’s, but remember China dominates everything from manufacturing to rare earths. And get this – the US military actually depends on China for certain critical materials. The West should stop being so cocksure. This is not the China of the 1980s and 1990s. This is a country enriched by Western outsourcing which is 100 per cent determined to retake Taiwan, a country the CCP has never ruled, but controlling which the CCP has staked much of its legitimacy on. For Chinese leader Xi Jinping – commanding an economy and military Chairman Mao could only dream of – Taiwan is the major route he has to cement his legacy, and, in Xi Jinping's eyes at least, to make China great again.  Pelosi’s visit had its critics, but it may have merely accelerated the inevitable. China now has an even bigger point to prove, but it felt that anyway. Do not believe the war in Ukraine has turned the CCP off Taiwan – if anything, many Chinese citizens are now even more determined to go for Taiwan. If only Xi Jinping and the CCP had not made a big fuss over Pelosi. But they did, and now are boxed in. Much like talking up gaining control of Taiwan, they can hardly march all the way to the top of the hill only to march all the way back down again. At nearly 70, is Xi really going to want to wait until his octogenarian years to close the deal on Taiwan? China now has the opportunity to strike back, an opportunity it didn’t have before. You reap what you sow, and the West may soon be about to feel what the price really was for all those cheap electronics.