Yep, Jason Grant, a macho, heavily tattooed, chunk of beefcake and former personal trainer, whose previous jobs include selling tobacco, is going to be lecturing pre-pubescent teens about periods, sanitary products and how to access them (they are now free in Scotland). Oh, and that ridiculous title earns him a very tidy £36,000 a year. But even in this crazy, woke world in which we now live, a man lecturing women on menstruation is lunacy beyond words - mainly because he has zero experience of it. So, just who ARE these buffoons who thought this appointment was a good idea? Because while teenage girls might fancy Mr Grant, I am pretty sure they would rather stick pins in their eyes than talk periods with him. And what parent would want their daughter talking intimately with a bloke whose scantily clad, muscled body has been plastered all over the media. Said Grant: "I think being a man will help me to break down barriers, reduce stigma and encourage more open discussions." No sweetheart, it will not. It will do the polar opposite. It will totally isolate young women who might really need advice about periods. More importantly, a male Period Dignity Officer is a direct assault on women's dignity. I am sure the half-witted wokies responsible for this appointment will see all the publicity around it as a win-win FOR THEM. Which shows they do not give a stuff about women or their period problems. All they care about is looking "progressive". Well, they do not. They look stupid.    A sentiment echoed by Martina Navratilova who called it "f*****g ridiculous". And she is right. Because this appointment is not about periods at all - it is about the ever-increasing contempt for women's rights. It is not actually Grant's fault. He is just the pea-brained pawn in the snowflakey agenda of those who gave him this job and who presumably coached him into making inane statements like: "I can make progress by proving this isn't just a female topic." Of course it is, you bozo! It is 1,000 per cent a female topic. He also added: "Although affecting women directly, periods are an issue for everyone." No, matey, they are not. Periods and sanitary products are only an issue for women who have periods. Men are not involved and most women do not want them to be. Grant also says he is "buzzing" about making "anyone of any gender" aware of period products.  And that statement right there is the major reason no bloke should ever be let anywhere near this job. Because it smacks of appeasing and involving the trans lobby on an issue that has nothing whatsoever to do with them. I am sure activists dream of a world where trans women have periods. But they do not and never will. There is only one gender that has periods - and it is biological women. I cannot repeat any more of Grant's inanities because they make him sound like he is one wave short of a shipwreck and I am sure he is actually a decent bloke who is just being manipulated by people with what is sounding dangerously like an anti-women agenda. So, shame on every one of them who had a hand in this appointment because they have sacrificed young women's needs on the altar of their ideology. Two days ago I started writing this piece, asking why every time there is a big job at the BBC (in this case presenting University Challenge as Jeremy Paxman is retiring) the same names are always in the frame - Emma Barnett, Amol Rajan and Sophie Raworth. But the one who always gets it is Amol Rajan. And 24 hours later he did. Seriously, is Rajan really all the BBC has in its vast arsenal of talent - the bloke who once called for the downfall of "the ridiculous House of Windsor" and joked about throwing a brick at the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge? Beeb bosses might love him, but you can have too much of a good (well, an average) thing. The British public do not much like TV presenters who think they are way more important than the story. Rajan is one of those. As my Ma used to say - if he was made of chocolate, he would eat himself.  I am having a hard time understanding the gripes of those lambasting Boris for going on holiday twice in three weeks. What did they expect? His own ministers and MPs stabbed him in the back and forced him to resign - even though a new poll says most party members did not want him ousted. The Labour Party has been banging on for months about how he is a disgrace and had to go. A hefty chunk of the electorate said they hated his guts and he had to resign.  London Mayor Sadiq Khan has blamed the capital's recent spate of violence on school holidays, long summer days and the heatwave. Presumably he is lumping into that the vicious killing of 87-year-old grandad Thomas O'Halloran, knifed to death on his mobility scooter when he was on his way to raise money for Ukraine. It was London's sixth killing in just FOUR days. Of course, that totally avoidable atrocity is because London has a gutless, feckless, useless mayor, who is also the city's elected police and crime commissioner, but who time and again has shown himself to be totally incapable of getting to grips with rocketing crime in the capital. So he blames the weather...  The Queen's granddaughter, Lady Louise Windsor (Edward and Sophie's daughter), has been working for near-minimum wage in a garden centre. One shopper there said: "I know the cost of living is bad but I didn't think I'd ever see the Queen's grandchild working in a garden centre." It is not that I did not want rain. But I did not want rain at 8.15pm on Monday at precisely the moment I stepped out of a cab in Paddington to do my stint at GB News. I had just blowdried my hair and was wearing a light, cheesecloth-y top. By the time I reached the newsroom my hair was flat to my head and the show's presenter, Dan Wootton, asked if I was entering a wet T-shirt contest!  The Duchess of Cambridge is to take on tennis god Roger Federer to help raise money for disadvantaged children. I would take on Roger Federer anytime, anywhere, to raise money for anything. #TeensyBitObsessed. 