The Duchess of Sussex's latest interview provided a hint of what "Meghan thought she would be able to do when she joined the Royal Family", according to royal expert Rebecca English. However, she continued, the British Firm takes a different approach than the style of publicity traditionally embraced by A-listers across the Atlantic. Rather than accept this, she claimed, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex decided to break away. Speaking of the photoshoot and cover story featuring Meghan released by New York magazine The Cut on Monday, Ms English wrote in an op-ed for Mail+: "What's so clear about this interview - and the stylish photoshoot that accompanies it - is that it's exactly what Meghan thought she would be able to do when she joined the Royal Family." Referring to the Duchess' childhood and teenage years spent on Hollywood sets alongside her now estranged father Thomas Markle Snr, she continued: "It's what she grew up with, aspired to and had started to get a tiny taste of when she met Harry. "There's nothing wrong about that whatsoever. "But this glossy, access-all-areas, thrusting a basket of home-grown fruit and vegetables (and a jar of ‘Lili’ jam) into the arms of your interviewer-style of publicity is not what our tweeds in the country and Tupperware boxes in the pantry Royal Family is about. "Instead of accepting that, she - with Harry as a more than willing co-conspirator - decided to take the nuclear option." In the interview with The Cut, Meghan touches upon a wide range of topics, including the fallout with the Royal Family, how her friendship with producer Tyler Perry blossomed even before they met in person, the projects the Sussexes are working on with Netflix and life in Montecito. The interview, as referenced by Ms English, ends with Meghan handing a "harvest basket" in the arms of journalist Allison P. Davis. READ MORE: Meghan’s ‘tirade’ deals final blow to royal relationships She wrote: "And then, quickly and decisively, as if it were my idea, the conversation ends. "Meghan sets a harvest basket in my arms: a cornucopia of fruit and vegetables from their garden and a jar of jam from the Lili Bunny Garden + Larder (she had the labels made on Etsy). "She smiles and waves as I make my way out the door, wondering if somehow I’d missed everything she was trying to say." Prior to this, Meghan was reported saying she was never asked, upon breaking away from the Firm, to sign a non disclosure agreement. This, she noted, allows her to speak freely about her experiences, but she chooses not to. She told Ms Davis: "I think forgiveness is really important. "It takes a lot more energy to not forgive. "But it takes a lot of effort to forgive. I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything." Meghan met Harry in the summer of 2016 and, as the Duke told James Corden in an interview in February last year, they went "from 0 to 60" in the first two months of dating. Their relationship became public in autumn that year and, some 12 months later, they announced their engagement to the world. Meghan officially became a member of the Royal Family in May 2018, following her wedding to Harry, and immediately started working on projects close to her heart, including supporting the Hubb Community Kitchen by collaborating to the cookbook Together. In January 2020, they sent shockwaves through the world by announcing their intention to change their roles within the Firm, from full-time working members to financially independent royals still undertaking some official duties while living between North America and England. This solution was not approved by other senior royals, and in late March 2020 the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from their roles, losing their rights to use their HRH style, carry out official duties and hold royal and military patronages. They have since established their own organisation, Archewell, which includes two production powerhouses and a non-profit foundation. They also signed multi-year deals with streaming giants Netflix, for video content, and Spotify, for audio programmes.