The Cambridges are reportedly served by a personal butler at a private sport in Terminal 5 of the airport. The two-hour dining experience costs £3,300. According to Hello! magazine, main dishes include BBQ pulled chicken with celeriac slaw, spiced sea bream or steamed seabass. There is also an array of sweet treats on offer, including pastries drizzled in honey and chocolate fondue with fresh fruit and marshmallows. The lavish meals are designed by Michelin-starred chef Jason Atherton. Speaking about the dining experience, Priya Malhotra, the head of Heathrow VIP, previously told Business Insider: "You can order from the menu as much as you want. "You can even order the entire menu and drink me out of Dom (Perignon Champagne) - please do so, but I might be grumpy." Kate and William have previously been spotted arriving at the airport's Windsor Suite, with their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis in tow. According to OK! magazine, there are almost 100 members of staff at the suite. Visitors get VIP treatment, including being greeted by a doorman wearing a top hat and tailed upon arrival. The lounge includes a portrait of the Queen, along with artwork curated by Tanya Baxter Contemporary. There is also a squishy sofa, luxe armchairs, a formal dining table, big television and your own loo. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William to have 'bigger privacy' away from Kensington Personal shoppers are available for passengers wanting to stock up on duty-free. There is a private security lane, allowing visitors to move through security without queues. Immigration and customs are also sorted in the lounge. When it's time to board the plane, guests are driven to the aircraft in a private BMW. DON'T MISS: The two royals who 'came out very supportive' for Queen after loss [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [INSIGHT] Beatrice's birthday previously snubbed by Royal Family unlike Meghan's [ANALYSIS] Heathrow's website describes the VIP experience as being like "checking into a hotel". It says: "When you arrive we’ll take your passports, flight details and luggage. "Your airline will weigh and tag your bags and issue us with your boarding pass and baggage tags. "We’ll return all documents to you before your flight. "All this takes place while you are in the comfort of your lounge."