Cristiano Ronaldo asked former Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick to strip Harry Maguire of the captain's armband during a tense private meeting towards the end of last season, according to reports. Ronaldo is said to be desperate to leave the Red Devils in advance of Thursday's transfer deadline, with his romantic return to Old Trafford having turned sour over the last few months amid the club's lack of success in spite of his presence within their ranks. Ronaldo is widely believed to be disgruntled at United's current situation after missing out on Champions League qualification at the last time of asking, with their current squad arguably the weakest it has been for at least 20 years. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner seemingly had a major issue with Maguire, who he wanted to be stripped of the captaincy towards the end of the campaign, according to The Athletic.It is claimed that Ronaldo was one of several high-profile United players to have approached Rangnick with a series of growing concerns back in February. He stated his view that Maguire should have been demoted to the substitutes' bench after a series of poor showings for the Red Devils, insisting that the former Leicester City man was part of the problem at Old Trafford.His argument was dismissed by Rangnick, though, with the ex-United interim boss insisting that such a conversation was inappropriate without Maguire in attendance. Ronaldo went on to double down on his claims about the England defender, while a handful of other players quickly apologised to Rangnick and dropped their complaints. JUST IN: Brexit stops Fulham making exciting Justin Kluivert signing Both Ronaldo and Maguire have since been relegated to substitute roles at United under the management of Erik ten Hag, with neither player being selected to start in the club's recent wins over Liverpool and Southampton. It remains to be seen whether the former will eventually be able to leave the Red Devils before Thursday's all-important transfer deadline, with time running out for him to take up the new challenge that he so desperately craves.The expectation at United is that Ronaldo will end up staying on their books until at least January in spite of his desire to play in the Champions League with another club this season. Some at Carrington are said to have detected a positive change in the forward's attitude over the last few days, but his future remains uncertain and there is no firm guarantee that he will still be at the club after Thursday's deadline.Meanwhile, United legend Paul Scholes claimed after last weekend's win over Southampton that Ronaldo can still play a hugely important role this season as the 13-time Premier League champions seek a return to the division's top four over the coming months. "I thought looking at the game today they needed Cristiano, he could have been that focal point in the team, they really lacked a focal point centrally and Cristiano is more of a focal point these days," Scholes told BT Sport."You get to 37 years of age and you’re not going to go sprinting away from people. He is very good at holding the ball up and getting on the end of crosses, whereas [Anthony] Martial is totally different."There will be times when different players are needed. I hope Cristiano doesn’t go, but if he does, I think they’re going to need a centre-forward." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here