 Morrisons has cut the cost of unleaded petrol and diesel by an average of six pence a litre over the last week at all of its UK forecourts. The supermarket chain is passing on recent reductions in wholesale fuel prices directly to customers to reduce the cost of motoring.  According to RAC fuel watch, drivers face costs of 180.7p per litre for unleaded petrol and 190.75p for diesel. With the new cost-cutting measure from Morrisons, average prices would be around 174.7p and 184.75p. Andrew Ball, Fuel Operations Manager at Morrisons, said drivers would benefit from the change at a time when millions are struggling with money, He said: "It's the summer holidays and we know how tough the current cost of living is for our customers. READ MORE: 'Brilliant': Electric car owners could charge for free using hack “So we hope this fuel price reduction will help motorists to save money at this challenging time." This change will affect all 339 of its filling stations across the country. Over the last week, Asda has also cut its costs on the price of fuel. Drivers visiting one of its 323 petrol stations will save five pence per litre on unleaded petrol and three pence per litre on diesel. DON'T MISSThe best fuel-efficient family cars on the market - Ford, Peugeot, VW [IMPORTANT]Angry driver slams 'inconsiderate' motorist for parking over two bays [SHOCKING]Ex-energy boss slams BP as profits treble to 14-year high [INSIGHT]  Luke Bosdet, AA’s fuel prices spokesperson, called the move “impressive” by cutting around 10p off the national average. With these savings, drivers could potentially save £5 per tank of fuel. Commenting on the recent changes in the price of fuel, the RAC said costs still don’t fairly reflect the fall in the wholesale price of fuel. It argues that many major retailers should be cutting pump prices much further.  The wholesale cost of petrol delivered to forecourts has fallen for eight consecutive weeks by a whopping 20p from 151.93p at the start of June to 131.75p a litre in the last week of July. The last time unleaded was this price on the wholesale market was in early May which a week later led to a UK average pump price of just 167p a litre. Simon Williams, RAC’s fuel spokesperson, said July had been an “unnecessarily tough month for drivers” with major retailers not cutting costs. He added: “As it was, we saw independent retailers leading the charge with fairer pump prices appearing all around the country which eventually forced the supermarkets to finally implement a more substantial cut late last Friday afternoon (July 29).  “What ought to have happened is that the biggest retailers cut their prices more significantly on a daily basis, given the wholesale price of petrol has fallen steadily over the last eight weeks. “Instead, average retailer margin for petrol across the industry has been up around 20p a litre for the last two weeks – more than three times its long-term average. “Wholesale petrol averaged virtually the same last week which should – if retailer’s pass on the savings they’re benefitting from – in theory bring pump prices down to a similar level to what we saw in mid-May.”