The UK heatwave is back and as temperatures reach over 30 degrees this week, many Britons are considering making use of the warm weather to tackle DIY jobs. Magnet Trade reported that Google searches for ‘summer DIY renovations’ have increased by a massive 182 percent over the past month, as the warm temperatures inspire people’s home improvements. But from material expansion to drying practicalities and processes, experts from Magnet Trade reveal that not all DIY tasks are appropriate for the heat. To avoid a dodgy DIY job that could cost you money and time in the long run, Lizzie Beesley at Magnet Trade, shares the DIY jobs to avoid doing in the heat. Painting is the number one DIY task homeowners are advised to avoid when the weather is hot. The expert explained: “The temperature of your house (and walls) can massively affect the result of a paint job and you should always avoid painting in hot conditions. READ MORE: ‘Remove’ these four items from your home to make rooms ‘feel larger’ “Warmer weather in summer (and especially a heatwave) can dry paint too quickly, which may seem like a quick way to get the job done but in reality it will cause patchy results, an uneven finish and speckled bumps that are hard to fix.” In fact, temperatures over 30 degrees can cause paint to bubble up which results in peeling and an uneven result. If this occurs, other layers of paint in the same spot may start to overlap which can be hard to rectify or remove. Hanging up wallpaper is also advised against as it causes the adhesive to dry “too quickly”. DON'T MISS:Ingenious fan hack: How to cool your room with just one fan [INSIGHT]Remove grease and grime from oven in 10 minutes - 'Sparkling!’ [EXPERT]‘Most important’ way to keep hanging baskets ‘thriving’ in hot weather [TIPS] Lizzie explained: “When hanging wallpaper in the heat, the adhesive to apply the wallpaper can dry too quickly. “When it dries too quickly it can cause the edges of the wallpaper to curl or cause bubbles to form.” To get the perfect finish, paste needs to dry as slowly as possible to ensure the paper does not expand or contract. To save homeowners money and having to re-do paint and wallpaper jobs, the expert suggested “leaving it for cooler days” which will allow for “a more seamless drying process”. READ MORE: ‘Great way’ to create the illusion of space in your home - how to guid Building furniture is another DIY no-no during heatwaves. Lizzie explained: “When it's boiling hot outside, be careful when it comes to materials. “You may think the heat is the perfect time to build some furniture or make some home improvements, but in fact it is the worst!” Materials like wood can expand during the heat, so avoid building furniture or fitting the likes of wooden flooring as it may cause them to buckle. The expert added: “This will prevent the safety hazard of unstable chairs and prevent you from having to re-build them all over again.’’ Instead of opting to carry out improvements inside the home, it is best to stick with garden DIY jobs during hot weather. Lizzie said: “When it comes to the DIY jobs that are appropriate for warmer weather, opt for garden improvements. “From planting and weeding, to cleaning the patio and sanding furniture, it’s a great opportunity to get outside and give your garden some love.’’ But overall, despite the sun rays drawing you outside, save the intense DIY jobs for the cooler days. If you do decide to do some garden DIY, do it early in the morning or later in the evening when temperatures are cooler.