Sharing a message from the Royal Family's official Twitter account, Sophie, 57, wrote: "Massive, massive congratulations to @englandhockey - well-deserved Commonwealth Gold medallists. Well done Holly for leading such a fabulous team. I am so happy and so, so proud of you all. You are all stars." The heartwarming message was signed off by "Sophie".  On Sunday, England women’s hockey team won their first Commonwealth gold after beating Australia 2-1 at the University of Birmingham. The Countess of Wessex also shared her pride for the team in an Instagram post. Prince Edward is the Vice Patron of the Commonwealth Games Federation, meaning the Wessexes have been at a number of events since the Games kicked off on July 28. The Twitter post featured images from the event, showing the women celebrating following their victory.   And Wessex fans were quick to comment on the post, with user @loveforcambridg commenting: “Lovely message. Congratulations to the girls.” England captain Hollie Pearne-Webb told the BBC: “I'm a bit lost for words - it's the first time in history we've ever done this. "It's a new group. I think over the next two years it's pretty exciting when we join up with the GB squad when the Scots and the Welsh come in. "The crowd's support has been absolutely phenomenal. I just feel so lucky that it's in my career that we get a home Commonwealth Games." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'dumped' from front cover as Kate takes over  The Queen’s daughter-in-law met the England hockey team last week. Sophie Wessex has been pictured at a number of events, often bringing along her two children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Prince Edward was seen today presenting the final medals following the men’s hockey tournament. Other member of the Royal Family have also been spotted during the Commonwealth Games.  DON'T MISS:Prince Harry to leave out detail that would 'burn the whole Firm down' [COMMENT]Devon cliff dramatically COLLAPSES into beach below [PICTURES]British mother dies on plane in front of children [INSIGHT] Last week, Princess Charlotte made headlines for her hilarious facial expressions during a swimming competition. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge brought their daughter along to the event. Prince Charles and Camilla have also been seen throughout the Games, with the future King delivering the Queen’s speech at the opening ceremony. Kate Middleton and Prince William, along with Prince Charles and Camilla, have been seen celebrating the Games, meeting competitors, volunteers and support staff, visiting venues and attending sporting fixtures. 