This Morning viewers were thrilled on Monday as Ruth Langsford and Rylan Clark made their return to the ITV programme. The duo, who admitted they hadn't worked together for a while, brought all the energy as they stepped in to replace Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield. However, it didn't take Ruth and the This Morning crew long to wind her co-star up. At the beginning of the programme, Rylan addressed a rather dramatic moment he had when a grass snake made its way into his home. The duo even spoke with a reptile expert in the hopes it would put Rylan's mind at ease. Although, it seemed to make matters worse when the former Big Brother presenter was told the snake could have come from a set of eggs nearby his house. READ MORE: Virgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 After petting a real-life snake, Rylan seemed to calm down, until his co-star decided to pull a brutal prank on him. As the pair were chatting about what else was coming up on the show, Ruth threw a toy snake at Rylan, leading him to jump out of his seat. "Oh my god," Ruth shrieked as she chucked the plastic toy in Rylan's direction. Rylan put his hand over his mouth, admitting: "That was really close." "Did you not... Barry in my ear, you know," Rylan continued as he explained he was close to swearing. "See if I had my old set of teeth in," he added as Ruth burst out laughing. "I've been waiting all morning," Ruth laughed as Rylan told the crew: "I sat you all down this morning, and I said, 'Do not do it on air because the word'... my new default is not daytime." "I was worried about that," Ruth admitted. "But I thought I am going to go for it anyway." DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley sparks uproar after telling guest 'Get to the point' [VIDEO]Question of Sport backlash as Paddy announces change to show [REACTION]Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist [SPOILERS] "Can you read this while I go and have a small stroke?" Rylan asked. As he took a deep breath, Ruth said: "I have forgotten what we are doing now. "We are looking at blue skies, sandy beaches, time to jet off to the Caribbean." "Good for him," Rylan said referencing chef Phil Vickery before getting out of his seat. As he walked away from his co-star, he simply added: "I'm out." Viewers found the prank hilarious, and many took to social media to praise Ruth. Sabrina Perry penned: "@RuthieeL throwing a rubber snake at @Rylan on @thismorning was tv gold.. nearly choked on my breakfast laughing #ThisMorning #TvGold." (sic) Ruth Clark added: "@Rylan and the snake is hilarious." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.