The grassroots campaign group Don’t Pay UK is calling on households to refuse payment to energy providers in protest against the price hike, though thousands of households have already been left with no choice but to stop paying. While warnings of the “long-term consequences” of dodging energy bills have been issued by several debt companies, one energy expert has shared the key consumer rights you should know if you do miss a payment. Energy expert Myles Robinson from Boiler Central explained that bill payers who miss a payment should expected to be contacted by their energy supplier. He said: “If they don’t receive any payment or contact from you, they may try to contact you to work out a repayment plan. “In rare cases, if you do not pay your energy bill after 28 days, you may be threatened with your energy supply being disconnected.” While these threats may imply that you will be disconnected immediately, Myles added that suppliers can’t actually cut you off without first reaching out to help find a viable solution to clear the debt. READ MORE: People who snore could be entitled to a £156 DWP benefit every week A debt repayment plan should always be offered by your provider before they take steps to remove your energy supply. This is a personalised plan which is tailored to your own financial situation to help you pay off outstanding costs. Your supplier should consider what you can afford to pay based on your income, outgoings, and any other debts you have, as well as how much energy you are likely to use in the future by looking at your past usage. Myles said: “Once all these factors have been taken into account, you will pay fixed instalments over a specified time period, so you pay what you can afford.”   Failure to reach an agreement with your supplier may result in them applying for a court warrant so they can begin the process of disconnecting you from their services. Myles explained: “This can be done remotely if you have a smart meter, but your energy company must visit you first to identify and assess your situation.”  Failure to reach an agreement with your supplier may result in them applying for a court warrant so they can begin the process of disconnecting you from their services. Myles explained: “This can be done remotely if you have a smart meter, but your energy company must visit you first to identify and assess your situation.”  If you still refuse to pay, your supplier does have the right to gain a warrant to enter your home and install a pay-as-you-go meter which forces you to pay for used energy upfront. In some cases, suppliers have to keep you connected regardless of whether you have missed payments. Myles noted that if you have reached the State Pension age, your supplier cannot disconnect you between October, 1 and March 31, if any of the following apply: DON'T MISS:House prices drop for the first time in 2022 - cheapest regions mapped [LATEST]‘Effective’ 5p laundry detergent substitute to wash your clothes well [REVEAL]How to earn £25k selling old kitchens ‘no matter what brand or size’ [INSIGHT] According to Myles, being in debt with your energy supplier isn’t guaranteed to affect your credit score at all, as it is not a loan. However, some suppliers report missed payments to credit agencies which may show up on your credit history. You are also unlikely to be evicted from a rented property for missing energy bill payments unless they are included in your rent. Myles said: “If your bills are included in the rent, and you stop paying, your landlord may be able to evict you for being in rent arrears. “Missing energy bills should not affect your mortgage either as the loan is agreed with your bank or building society directly.” However, like your credit score, not paying your energy bills can make it harder to re-mortgage your home or take out a new one in the future, and therefore, it is inadvisable to do so.  What should you do if you can’t afford your energy bills? While the Don’t Pay UK campaign encourages payment refusal, industry experts, including Martin Lewis, have warned against it. Instead, professional advice is to reach out to your supplier and notify them of your situation. According to Richard Lane, director of external affairs at the debt charity Stepchange, the most important thing to do is act fast and not wait around to get help. He explained that simply contacting your supplier can put you on track to receive the correct grants or access schemes that can help you pay your bills. A repayment plan is often the most common solution offered by energy suppliers, but there are other avenues if you are still struggling. Myles said: “You may also be able to pay off your debt through your benefits using the Fuel Direct Scheme, though you’ll need to be receiving certain benefits to be eligible.” These include: Alternatively, if you are already on benefits, you can ask to pay your energy bills directly from the benefits you receive. This can be done by contacting the JobCentre or visiting your local branch. 