Butter has long been claimed to be "bad for people's health", and if eaten in excessive amounts it can lead to other health risks such as weight gain and high cholesterol. But Patricia Bannan, a Los Angeles-based nutritionist and author of Eat Right When Time Is Tight, has suggested that one simple rule can help people continue to enjoy the tasty goodness and still shed pounds effectively. If used sparingly, Patricia explained it could actually help a person lose weight. "A little butter [could] encourage you to eat more nutrient-dense foods like vegetables," she said. "[So] it may be worth including in your diet." But she warned that people need to be careful with how much they consume, highlighting that portion control is key to weight loss success. READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake She said: "Butter adds a wonderful flavour and mouthfeel to foods. "But it's fat and calories can add up quickly, especially if you’re unaware of how much you’re using." While butter is fatty, it is also rich in nutrients, such as bone-building calcium. It also contains compounds linked to lower chances of obesity, according to WebMD. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] The spreadable food can also be added to a low-carbohydrate diet. But due to its high-fat content, butter should not be relied on as a main source of dietary fat. As a serving suggestion, Patricia advised drizzling one teaspoon of melted butter over daily vegetable or by mixing it into sauces. There are also alternatives to butter that can have a more positive impact on weight loss. READ MORE: Michael Mosley weight loss: Remove three foods to stay slim Culinary dietitian Sara Haas, revealed nut butter can be a good substitute, which doesn't come with the risks regular butter does. "Nut butters are loaded with healthy unsaturated fats plus a myriad of vitamins and minerals," she explained. The full of heart-healthy monounsaturated fats help keeping low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in check, and her packed with health enriching proteins. Around 100g of peanut butter has 25g for protein, whereas the same amount of regular butter contains just one gram of protein. Other tasty fat alternatives include: Sara said: "Hummus can be a great butter alternative. "Protein and fibre-rich chickpeas are its main ingredients, it has a pretty stellar nutritional profile." She also recommended blending hummus with some olive oil and lemon juice for a delicious, butter-free pasta sauce. Olive oil contains large amounts of antioxidants and has strong anti-inflammatory properties. Research has found that it isn't associated with weight gain and obesity, and just one tablespoon of olive oil a day can contribute to many health benefits. Avocado oil is high in oleic acid, which is an unsaturated fat. It contains vitamin E and also helps the body absorb other fat-soluble vitamins. Sara recommended mixing a tiny drop in with mashed potatoes, omelettes or muffins.