Ashley took to TripAdvisor to issue a scathing review for a restaurant in Mykonos, a Greek island in the Cyclades. She called the prices a “joke” in the one star review for DK Oyster. Writing on the website, the woman urged travellers to "save their euros" after being charged a staggering €350 (£292.70) for four drinks. She said in the review: “Wish we looked at the reviews before! “This place is a joke! 350 euros for 4 drinks!! I would definitely NOT recommend going here. “Please save your euros!!" DK Oyster then fired back at Ashley in a response in TripAdvisor, saying the prices were accurate. They said: “Thank you for taking the time to post your review, but could you please clarify the exact reason of your disappointment? “The prices you mention sound correct, so I would like to understand what the problem was. The drinks were not what you expected, the setting or the service? “Your opinion is important to us. So, we would appreciate it if you would take a few minutes to clarify." READ MORE: EU travel rules Britons must follow in 2023 - 'a lot more complicated' After another review hit out at high prices, which resulted in a €98 charge for a plate of calamari and €58 per cocktail, DK Oyster again fired back. They said: “Thank you for taking the time to explain the reasons of your negative review. We think that 98 euros for a dish of calamari is fair. "If you were happy to pay 58 euros for a cocktail, why are you surprised by the 98 euros for such a rare and exquisitely fresh delicacy that you can find nowhere else at this quality? “Nevertheless, I am truly sorry for your disappointment." DON'T MISS Brexit LIVE: EU sets exact month UK holidaymakers to be forced to PAY Sussex Squad unveils brilliant birthday gift for Meghan Markle Royal POLL: Has Meghan Markle had a positive impact on Royal Family? In July, Greece changed its coronavirus rules for tourists, meaning Britons no longer had to quarantine if they test positive for Covid while in the country. It will now be up to tourists to decide whether to self-isolate if they test positive while on holiday in Greece. Infected tourists will also be able to use public transport but must wear an FPP2 or KN95 face mask when doing so. The country is thought to have changed the rules to align with other European countries on Covid. Epidemiologist Christos Hatzichristodoulou told local media: “There was a lot of discussion about how to manage outbreaks in tourist accommodation and we decided to apply what applies to the rest of the Mediterranean countries, because the majority of countries in northern Europe do not have any measures at all to protect against the coronavirus.” However, the EU is set to bring in a new post-Brexit requirement where Britons must register with the European Travel Information and Authorisation System for a visa waiver before travelling. The programme will come into effect from November 2023, and applies to travellers coming from countries that do not require a visa to enter the Schengen zone, which includes Greece. Travellers will need to apply for the ETIAS online, using a valid passport, email address, and a debit or credit card to pay the application fee, which is expected to cost €7 and be valid for two years. UK nationals will also need to provide their personal details and answer security and health questions. The application will be checked across a number of security databases. The EU will also bring in the Entry/Exit System (EES), an automated IT system that will require non-EU travellers to register their name, travel document, and date and place of entry and exit when crossing an EU external border EES will replace the manual stamping of passports and is expected to come into force by the end of May 2023.