Penn Badgley was caught behind the cameras for a change, ahead of filming for the popular Netflix show You. The star, who plays Joe Goldberg, will be debuting as a director for the latest instalment of the hit US series. Fans of the villainous character should not fear, as he will also be appearing on screen as part of You's fourth season.  Sera Gamble, the showrunner for You, shared some interesting images of actor Penn Badgley analysing a scene ahead of the new edition of the series. Penn looked intently into the camera lens, analysing a scene in a new role on set for the star. The latest season of You will be shot in London, as photos of the new director stood nearby Metropolitan police cars confirmed. However, the directing style of the scenes is still under wraps as work is still underway. Read More: BBC viewers crash dog rescue website to help abandoned pets The image tweeted by Sera was taken by the writer of the show, Michael Foley. In the caption, Sera teasingly suggested: "Our newest #YouNetflix director really seems to understand the show." The news of his new role was confirmed not only by him sitting in the director's chair but also by the official Twitter page for the show. They jokingly wrote, "When he yells CUT he means it", with knife emojis in between each word in reference to his character's serial killing ways. The end of season three saw Joe Goldberg attempt to move on from his murderous streak and start afresh. However, in a dramatic fashion, after a long and toxic relationship, Joe loses control and murders his wife, Love Quinn (played by Victoria Pedretti). The serial-killing character then fakes his own death and leaves their baby with their colleague Dante Ferguson (Ben Mehl). However, Joe returning to the show will be fascinating after theexplosive end to the previous season. DON'T MISS...You on Netflix season 4: Joe’s next victim teased in new snap [UPDATE]Victoria Pedretti lands first role after YOU exit [ARTICLE]You season 3: Showrunner opens up on 'significant' scenes cut [INSIGHT] Ahead of the new episodes, the budding director Penn gave a little insight into what subtle changes will be in store for the drama series. He told Digital Spy: “The tone is similar but it's shifting in that there is a different format, we're using a different format." Obviously, he will be wanting to present his own style and flavour to the show and his input will be key in a slightly new world of You. He added: “It's almost like we're shifting the genre slightly and I think it works.” The new season of the nailbiting series does not yet have a confirmed release date. Production has been underway since April, with the number of episodes directed by Penn also unknown at this stage. Whether the adaptation of Caroline Kepnes's novel will change dramatically or not, fans will have to wait at least until the end of the year. Stream the first three seasons of You on Netflix