CBS’ long-running drama NCIS will return to screens in September for its milestone 20th instalment. Ahead of its comeback fans have been discussing the show's credits and believe Gary Cole will be the first actor to be acknowledged.   Gary Cole stars as Senior FBI agent Alden Parker who was introduced in season 19 to lead the agents of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service's Major Case Response Team. Alden had been hired to replace the beloved Leroy Jethro Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) who had led the team since the pilot episode in 2003. The procedural drama followed the agents as they investigated criminal cases. The show also explored the personal lives of the characters as their work often interfered with their home life. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Sandra exposed as fans 'work out' Aaron return twist    As NCIS will make its highly anticipated return in September, fans are conceived Gary Cole will be the first star to be credited. Taking to the show’s fan page, the Reddit user yoderbryan asked other viewers: “Who do you think will be credited first on NCIS season 20, Sean Murray or Gary Cole?” In response, many agreed Gary would be first as his character was introduced to replace Gibbs and lead the team. User Borellis shared: “Definitely Gary Cole! Hate to say it, but they brought Cole on to save the show from cancellation."   Another fan MonkGlock added: “I'm betting it's Cole. While I like McGee / Sean Murray, he's not 'top billed cast' material and, sorry to say, he would not be able to carry the show as the lead. Johnlusher agreed: “Since Cole is the leader and bigger name, he will most likely be the first one in the opening sequence. “It will be interesting to see if Mark Harmon is shown at all in the opening.” Although Gibbs had resigned as leader and decided to move to Alaska in the episode, Great Wide Open, the actor continued to be credited following his departure. DON'T MISS...NCIS fans in meltdown as star confirms Ducky's season 20 return [INSIGHT]Jimmy Palmer daughter: Who is Victoria Palmer's namesake? [INSIGHT]NCIS' Michael Weatherly sparks call for Bull spin-off [INSIGHT]  Fans who refused to believe Gibbs had truly left took it as a sign of his potential comeback. Actors who leave shows are usually removed from the credits right away, but this was not the case for Gibbs. Viewers remained hopeful as he had briefly left in season four, however, after 17 episodes he didn’t make an appearance. Although the showrunners have yet to address fans about this, there could be a number of reasons the actor remained in the credits.     One of the main reasons Mark Harmon could have remained credited was because of his behind-the-scenes role as executive producer. It could also be due to contractual obligations, as the actor left mid-season perhaps bosses agreed he would remain credited until the end of the season. Fans have also speculated it was a way for showrunners to honour Mark for the work he put in for 18 years. As for season 10, fans will have to stay tuned to see if Gary will be the first star to be credited and if Mark will remain listed. NCIS season 20 premieres on CBS on Monday, September 19 in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.   