However, hundreds of thousands of people are at risk of missing out due to not claiming Pension Credit, despite being entitled to the support. The £650 cost of living payment was launched by the former Chancellor Rishi Sunak earlier this year. This payment has been separated into two separate instalments which will be delivered in different parts of the year, with the first, a £326 sum, currently being rolled out - although the payment date will be later for people eligible by tax credits. Despite no set date being in place, the second instalment of £324 will be administered later in the year. The £650 cost of living payment is designed to help those who get means-tested benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). It comes amid the growing cost of living crisis with inflation and energy bills reaching record heights. Currently, the UK’s inflation rate is at 9.4 percent and that is expected to rise to 13 percent in the coming months. Furthermore, the average annual household energy bill in October is expected to be £3,600, before rising to over £4,200 in the New Year. READ MORE: State pension set to rise next year but 520,000 people will miss out Outside of Pension Credit, here is a full list of the benefits payments someone needs to claim on to get the £650 cost of living payment:  Those who were eligible for the cost of living payment’s first instalment, which is worth £326, must have claimed Pension Credit for an assessment period that ended in the period April 26 2022 to May 25 2022. Unfortunately, those who missed the eligibility time will not be able to get this lump sum of money but may still be entitled to the £324. It should be noted that claimants can still get the first payment if they are found to have been eligible for Pension Credit during this period of time at a later date. The qualifying dates to get the £324 cost of living payment will be announced later this year, according to the Government. READ MORE: Britons in higher bracket can do 2 main things to reduce tax payments For Pension Credit claimants, this sum of money will be paid separately to someone's existing benefit claim. Laura Suter, the head of personal finance at AJ Bell, recently discussed the extra benefits people are eligible to claim through Pension Credit. Ms Suter explained: “An estimated 850,000 thousand eligible claimants fail to take-up their Pension Credit payments, which are available to individuals with less than £182.50 a week income and couples with less than £278.70. In total they’re believed to miss out on £1.7billion a year. “Pension Credit also unlocks other support available to retired people with lower incomes, including the government’s new £650 cost of living support payments. These payments are available to those in receipt of a range of existing support payments, including Pension Credit. “Someone on the basic state pension alone should be claiming an additional £2,119 in Pension Credit and £650 in cost of living support, totalling £2,849 per year. “That could be enough to guard against the frightening energy bill increases coming their way this winter.” Citing the eligibility criteria for the cost of living payment’s first instalment, the finance expert shared how Pension Credit recipients can still claim it. She added: “This means if someone applied for Pension Credit now, with their claim backdated three months, they could still be eligible. But they only have a very short window of time left in which to do so.”