The benefit is underpaid at an average rate of 4.3 percent, according to a report by the National Audit Office. Auditors looked at DWP accounts and found that some £230million in total could be due to claimants. This means that Attendance Allowance has the highest rate of underpayment of all benefits. Some 1.4 million people across the UK receive the support of £61.85 or £92.40 a week. Almost all of the underpayments were classified as claimant error. Claimants who are due back payments could be missing out on some £3,800 each. READ MORE: Ways to save less water and save money on bills  The report found that 2.2 percent of claimants were affected by overpayments, with a total of £120million overpaid. This is the lowest rate of overpayment for all benefits, excluding the state pension. Claimants who believe they have been underpaid can contact the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122 for more information. Attendance Allowance helps older Britons with extra costs if they have a physical or mental condition which affects their daily living. DON'T MISS: 'NEVER click on any links': 7 signs of a Royal Mail scam [WARNING]Homeowner's stark warning about standby cost of electrical appliances [INSIGHT]Goodbye BBC licence fee - four groups of Britons due a discount [REVEAL] Some 3.4 million pensioners could be missing out entirely on the help, experts have suggested. The support includes a lower rate of £61.85 for those who need help either during the day or at night. Those who need help throughout the day, or who are terminally ill, can get the higher rate of £92.40 a week. The benefit is not means tested and could entitle a claimant to other support, such as Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or a Council Tax reduction. READ MORE: Are they being reclusive? Indication your vulnerable relative is being scammed  To qualify for the support, claimants must: To access an Attendance Allowance form, people can either call the helpline on 0800 731 0122 or download the form from the Government website. Applicants are urged to be very clear about the impact of the illness or disability and to attach supporting information such as GP letters or prescription lists. Once the form is submitted, the DWP may get in contact for more information or to arrange a visit to the doctors. Claimants will then receive a letter confirming whether or not the benefit will be allocated.