Bernie (played by Jane Hazelgrove) settled into Weatherfield with her daughter Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell) and Chesney Brown (Sam Aston) and has seen herself on the wrong side of the law on numerous occasions. Since then she has seemed to be on the straight and narrow, but the upcoming arrival of Fern (Gabrielle Glaister) could send shockwaves through the cobbles and send Bernie back to her criminal ways after a surprise relative revelation. In upcoming scenes, viewers will be seeing double as Bernie faces the shock of her life when Fern rocks up in Weatherfield. Official spoilers reveal that the explosive plotline is set to start on August 26, when Bernie has a mix-up at the parcel collection. She attempts to collect Joseph’s new school uniform when she is given a parcel for Fern by a shop assistant who mistakes her for the other woman. Fern arrives at the house demanding her parcel and accusing Bernie of theft. READ MORE: Nicola Walker gives rare insight to marriage to Barnaby Kay The women are struck by how alike they are and the following week, Fern offers Bernie a dodgy way of earning some money. Not a lot is known about Bernie's family life away from Gemma and Chesney, and she could be hiding a huge secret from her family. Could Fern be the sister that she never knew she had and arrived on the cobbles to get herself out of trouble? If Fern is in trouble and knows that her twin is living a happy life in Weatherfield, could she set Bernie up and swap places for a better life? The storyline arose from Bernie actress Jane after she and former Brookside and Blackadder actress Gabrielle Glaister were constantly mistaken for each other. Wondering whether there was any way they could incorporate the story into the soap, she mentioned the possible storyline to writer Jonathan Harvey. The plot was developed and Gabrielle was soon cast as Fern, with Jane revealing that the pair have even been stopped by Coronation Street colleagues thinking it was her. Jane explained: “I mentioned this idea to Jonathan a while ago. Gabby and I are constantly mistaken for each other with people saying they have seen one of us in something when it was the other one. DON'T MISS...Cliff Richard stuns with 'sensational' physical transformation [WATCH]Outlander’s Alexander Vlahos speaks out on transformation for new role [LATEST]Coronation Street fans fear for Stu as they 'work out' link to Stephen [INSIGHT] "We have often laughed about it together but then I started thinking it might be fun to have her in the show as Bernie’s secret twin or a doppelganger. “I was so chuffed when they told me that they had devised this storyline and that Gabby was on board. “Shortly after I had heard that we were doing the story, I was at the Soap Awards and someone who used to work with Gabby started talking to me thinking I was her. "The actor was mortified when I pointed out who I was but, of course, I don’t mind being mistaken for Gabby, it is a huge compliment and secretly I was thinking ‘that’s brilliant, this storyline is going to work so well.” Gabrielle added: “Jane and I have been mistaken for each other for years and years. Me constantly denying that I was in Casualty, Jane insisting that she wasn’t in Brookside! "Or people congratulating me on my performance in something I wasn’t in because it was Jane being brilliant. "A very good friend of mine texted me last week to say he caught a bit of Corrie and thought I was very good. I pointed out that I wasn’t on screen yet!! “When they approached me with the storyline It seemed like fate! What they’ve written is so clever and I’m having a ball working with Jane.” So will the pair be unveiled as long-lost twins or is it simply a case of mistaken identity? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.