A Libra Moon is generally felt as one of the more gentle transits. Represented by the weighing scales, the atmosphere tends to feel more light, breezy and awash with kindness, according to The Moon School. However, the Mercury quincunx with Pluto will place a darker veil over the early afternoon. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for August 2. Known as one of the charmers of the zodiac, a Libra transit runs a little more seamlessly than others. The Moon School said: “Conflict averse, it’s almost as though this Moon activates a kind of internal equilibrium that we’re too afraid to tip out of balance. “For this reason, beware of that inner people pleaser coming out to play at the first sign of friction in your relationships.” With this desire for balance and tranquillity, watching conflicts or strained relationships might be a little more uncomfortable to watch during these transits.  READ MORE: NASA unleashes fury as China rocket comes CRASHING back down to Earth  In these instances, The Moon School said: “You may find yourself taking on the role of the mediator with surprising ease. “Soothing drama and finding win-wins to keep everybody happy is often the name of the Libra Moon game.” However, as Mercury forms a quincunx with Pluto at 2.24pm, expect a switch in perception and gloomier thoughts. Astrology King said: “The Mercury quincunx Pluto from Monday to Wednesday brings serious, dark, and intense thoughts.  In these instances, The Moon School said: “You may find yourself taking on the role of the mediator with surprising ease. “Soothing drama and finding win-wins to keep everybody happy is often the name of the Libra Moon game.” However, as Mercury forms a quincunx with Pluto at 2.24pm, expect a switch in perception and gloomier thoughts. Astrology King said: “The Mercury quincunx Pluto from Monday to Wednesday brings serious, dark, and intense thoughts.  DON'T MISS:Suitcase packing: 'Save space & wrinkles' with 'pillow' hack [EXPLAINED]‘Easily avoidable’ factors that can devalue your home [ANALYSIS]‘Transform outdoor space’ with simple painting job - DIY hacks [INSIGHT]    “We might express our affections through our actions, and we can feel compelled to create something beautiful. “We have a greater need for self-expression and social excitement and a stronger desire to connect to and belong with others. “We may be experimenting, improvising, and trying on new ways of relating to others and expressing ourselves.”  These energies feed perfectly into the Venus sextile with Mars at 2.59am, which will last until August 6, making for a perfect horoscope of romance and socialising. When these planets align, Astrology King said: “You can be confident and assertive in chasing your desires without coming on too strong. “This is also a good time for self-promotion and starting a pet project.” 