Radio presenter Cristo Foufas branded the idea of water companies backing a hosepipe ban as "outrageous" during a heated debate on Jeremy Vine's show on Tuesday. Mr Foufas hit out at water companies asking customers not to water their gardens when "21 million gallons a day" are being lost to leaks. Mr Foufas told Jeremy Vine: "Let's not forget that the company that is implementing this ban Southern Water, they lose 21 million gallons a day in leaks. "Thames Water here in London there are signs everywhere saying 'oh, we're replacing our Victorian pipes' Now!" "The audacity of telling people that they can't use their hose pipe to water their garden when they're losing that amount of water a day. "It's outrageous!"  It comes after a couple criticised a water company for releasing sewage into the sea 24 hours before they went for a swim, leading to them contracting gastroenteritis. Georgia Hearn, from Gateshead, was visiting Kent with her partner Chris and dog Sully, and they went swimming and paddleboarding in the sea at Herne Bay on Monday. On Tuesday the three of them were struck down by a serious case of gastroenteritis, and Miss Hearn says it ruined their holiday. Miss Hearn complained to Southern Water about the incident and a spokesperson replied on Twitter to "apologise for the inconvenience".   DON'T MISS:Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION]Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] She tweeted: "I mean I'm completely disgusted at Southern Water's response and utterly appalled about the lack of warning to tourists regarding sewage being dumped in the sea. "If I had known I would have never have got into the sea - it's not just myself who is poorly. It is also my partner and our dog too.It unfortunately has ruined our last day visiting the south coast. I'm extremely angry and frustrated about the lack of concern for public safety from Southern Water. "There is absolutely no warning for locals or tourists about the potential risks you face by entering sea filled with raw sewage! I mean how are the water companies even allowed to dump raw sewage into the sea? "Something has to change! It's completely unacceptable." DON'T MISS:Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION]Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] The Southern Water spokesperson who replied to Miss Hearn's tweet said the company's Beachbuoy app gives almost real-time updates about wastewater releases. SOS Whitstable, a campaign group dedicated to holding Southern Water to account for its wastewater releases, asked: "Why are water companies not legally responsible for making people ill?" Southern Water was fined a record £90 million by the Environment Agency last year after pleading guilty to thousands of illegal sewage discharges. It is not yet known whether the sewage discharge that caused Miss Hearn's illness was permissible. Southern Water has been contacted for comment. READ NEXT: Tory leadership: 'Ignore her!' Truss blasts 'attention seeker'Piers Morgan gives her opinion on EXACTLY who he thinks should be next PMJohn Curtice issues stark Brexit warning to Truss and SunakArchie Battersbee: Court intervention on life support decision failsLondon horror: Firefighters battling ferocious grass blaze