 Meghan Markle has always been known to have a healthy lifestyle, stocking up on supplements and devoting time to yoga and Pilates. However, the Duchess of Sussex might need to make changes to her exercise routine now that she's turned 41. Rather than sticking to relaxing yoga and Pilates, the Duchess needs to switch up her routine according to a health expert.    "On a daily basis, someone in the 40s should aim for moderate aerobic activity for 30 minutes daily," personal trainer Chris Ruxton, who works with Deep Heat, told Hello Magazine. "Be sure to include muscle strengthening exercises for all your major muscle groups on three days a week." Meghan might also find she becomes more prone to aches and pains from exercise now she's turned 41. "Musculoskeletal pain can become quite common in our 40s," Chris warned.  The musculoskeletal system includes your bones, cartilage, ligaments, tendons and connective tissues, which can impact the whole body. To limit pain, Chris advised that Meghan should include cardio, weight-bearing, muscle and core strengthening, resistance and stretching sessions into her routine, to improve cardiovascular and metabolic fitness and lower her risk of bone and muscle loss. Chris also noted that Meghan should take special care to guard her knees. "This is a key area for injuries in the over 40s," he said.   Chris recommended gradually increasing weights and slowly increasing running and jumping activities, as well as ensuring she warms up and cools down effectively, to safeguard her knees. Sarah Campus, the founder of LDN Mum's Fitness, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about Meghan's exercise routine. She said: "Meghan has been a long-time advocate of yoga, with her mother Doria Ragland — who is an instructor in Los Angeles — playing a major role in her love for the practice. "Yoga is Meghan’s thing, she started doing mummy-and-me yoga with her mother when she was seven. READ MORE: Fergie buys £5m property in Mayfair for Princesses Beatrice & Eugenie "As a child, she was very resistant, but her mother told her to give it time and that she will eventually find her flow, which happened and as such since college she has practised yoga regularly. "Meghan’s favourite type of yoga is an intense vinyasa class – and even better if it’s blasting hip-hop and done in a dark room with candlelight. The best in her eyes! "She’ll do yoga a couple of times a week – hot yoga specifically. Meghan's dedication to yoga shows in her lithe physique." What are the benefits of yoga? Sarah explained: "Yoga is more than just a physical workout. Yoga itself means union between body and mind, and taking even just a few minutes to practice can help refuel one's spirit and sense of self, which has been reflected upon Meghan. "Yoga generates heat within the muscles, which reduces the risk of injury so that you can safely burn as many as 600 calories a session while conditioning your entire body."   What does Meghan’s love of yoga reveal about her personality? Sarah suggested: "Meghan’s personality is thoughtful and idealistic, she strives to support people and help them reach their potential which has been supported through yoga with its focus, concentration and flow of the mind body and soul."  