Jewellery can become tarnished and unclean when exposed to certain substances, especially those found in swimming pools and the sea. Luckily there are ways to reverse damage caused by your summertime activities. Here’s how to clean gold, silver and other metals to make your jewellery look brand new. Removing jewellery before swimming is recommended in most cases, especially when it comes to chlorine-treated pools or taking a dip into the naturally salty ocean. While most jewellery-lovers are quick to protect their prized accessories, accidental damage to gold, silver or platinum items is a common occurrence in the summer months. Salt and chlorine, in particular, can damage expensive jewellery, but there are ways to minimise the lasting damage done to the shiny metal. READ MORE:  Key area to clean to stop washing machine smelling 'Cleaner & fresher' READ MORE: Key area to clean to stop washing machine smelling 'Cleaner & fresher' Pure gold is not easily damaged by chlorine because it is a precious metal that does not react to other chemical substances. However, other metals such as silver, nickel and copper are much more sensitive to aggressive chemicals, as are diamonds and gemstones, which can end up severely discoloured. While an aggressive cleansing process may seem like the best option to rid your jewellery from chlorine residue, a gentle approach is the best way to revive tarnished items. According to Baunat jewellers, a simple soap-water soak is all you need.   As soon as you can, rinse chlorine-damaged jewellery in fresh, clean water. Add a few drops of gentle washing-up liquid to a bowl of lukewarm water and swirl the soap into the bowl. Leave your jewellery to soak in the water for 15-20 minutes and rinse under a cool tap. Finish by gently patting the items dry with a non-fibrous cloth. If your gold jewellery has become dull or discoloured, you can have it restored. DON'T MISS:'It's brilliant!' Mrs Hinch fans share best ways to clean leather sofa [REVEAL]Avoid using 69p shower essential to clean your mattress - ‘damaging!’ [INSIGHT]Shower cleaning: Simple, quick way to prevent hard water stains [ANALYSIS] It's not just chlorine that can damage your gold jewellery and diamonds. Salt causes erosion of soldered gold, silver or platinum elements, causing the precious metal to weaken and lead to broken jewellery items. To clean off salt, repeat the soaking method using a small amount of mild dish soap and water. Finish by rinsing the items in ammonia to restore the reflective shine on stones and clasps, where salt and oil may build up. For gemstones and diamond elements in jewellery items, a clean cloth or brush will do after they have been soaked in plan, fresh water. A toothbrush, makeup brush or microfiber cloth can all be used to lightly buff the stones and restore the natural shine Always use soft-bristled items to gently remove dirt and dust. The experts at Baunat said: “Try not to rub too hard with the microfibre cloths as they could catch on the prongs and leave threads or deform them.”