For those who have ever dreamed of moving to Cornwall and living the Cornish dream, a new Channel 4 show might just be what you need to take the plunge. Finding The Cornish Dream is a new series based in Cornwall which is showcasing the lives of local estate agents, the magnificent homes for sale in the area and the triumphs and tribulations of the home-buying process. During lockdown and beyond, many Britons have been decided to up sticks and move to the sunny southwest. In fact, new data from OnTheMarket has revealed exclusively to Express.co.uk that sales enquiries for property for sale in Cornwall increased by 67 percent between 2019 and 2021. Increased demand has led to rocketing prices with sales property prices increasing by 30 percent in the area since 2019. Post-pandemic, the average sales property price in Cornwall has continued to rise. So far in 2022, it's 10 percent higher than it was in 2021. “We’ve been achieving record sales and record asking prices, it’s been such a strong and buoyant market,” explained Hilary Rhodes. Hilary, a property advisor at Webbers, said she is still seeing buyers from out of Cornwall looking to move to the county.  READ MORE: House sales: Common paint colour to ‘avoid using’ when selling a home She believes people are looking for a “golden combination” of three or four bedrooms, space to entertain and outdoor space. “There are people still trying to move down and are looking for that three or four bedroom home with a garden after lockdown. The larger property where they can have two working from home spaces, two or three bedrooms for themselves and to entertain friends and - of course, that golden combination of outdoor space,” she said. “It’s become so valuable. It’s totally changed people’s views on outdoor space. “This trend towards working from home has been great for us for the three, four or five bedroom properties, and the prices are still so competitive down here in comparison with what you can get in London or the surrounds or Surrey or something like that. “Obviously prices go up as you go towards coastal areas but where we are in Launceston. We’re a very good value area.”  DON'T MISSRemove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [INSIGHT]'It's an open invitation to burglars': Avoid common mistake at home [UPDATE]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [ANALYSIS] Hilary said she has met buyers from London, Surrey, Kent and the Southeast looking to buy property in Cornwall - and they’re still searching. On top of that, there are also sellers who moved into rented accommodation when they sold their homes during the stamp duty holiday. With house prices continuing to rise since then, those house hunters are now looking to re-enter the market and get out of their rented accommodation. Then, there are the buyers Hilary and other local estate agents would expect to see at this time of year. She said: “We’ve also got buyers we would expect to see at this time of year trying to move down for all sorts of the normal, standard reasons - lifestyle changes, divorces, retirement, loss of a partner, moving closer to family. “So, the standard general market and buyers we would always see are all still there but on top of that we’ve got this other combination of people trying to move into the county.” Andrew Body, a partner at chartered surveyors, estate agents, valuers and auctioneers, Lodge & Thomas, said they were “inundated with requests” for homes that were more rural, had extra land or had outbuildings that could be renovated or converted. Sought-after homes with land and buildings had price rises of around 20 to 25 percent when the housing market reopened during lockdown in May 2020 as interest in the county increased. “We’ve all seen some really amazing end prices achieved significantly above guide price, very often on a best-and-final sealed bid basis to bring the sale to a conclusion,” Andrew added. “Lots of people wanted to get out of towns and cities to somewhere where they had a bit of land and a garden they could use and escape the busyness of where they were living at the time. “It really was noticeable that certain types of property were more impacted than others. Generally, it seemed people wanted to move to the southwest but Cornwall in particular.” Location continues to be “everything” for buyers with coastal properties with great views being particularly popular. But even less sought-after homes have been “flying off the shelf” as soon as they hit the market because of people’s desire to live in Cornwall. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  If you’re looking to live the Cornish dream, check out some of these properties listed with OnTheMarket around Cornwall: Price: £1.4million Location: St Mabyn, Bodmin With stunning countryside views, a three bedroom separate annexe and a no onward chain, this Grade-II listed farmhouse has both charm and style. This property has been finished to an exceptionally high standard with a mix of original features such as beams, and contemporary yet neutral decor. This home also has two barns which have planning grated for two holiday lets. Price: £395,000 Location: Pentire, Newquay This modern flat includes a full width balcony with views, a slick, contemporary kitchen, beautiful wooden floors throughout and a great EPC rating. The home has been finished to a high standard and impeccably presented with two remodelled double bedrooms. The apartment is also just a moments’ walk from Fistral Beach and the Gannel Estuary. Finding The Cornish Dream will air on August 27 at 5.30pm on Channel 4.