The Cambridges attended the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham today with their daughter Princess Charlotte. Kate and William delighted royal fans by bringing seven-year-old Princess Charlotte along with them to watch some of the events unfolding at the games today. The three royals were seen watching the swimming events at the Sandwell Aquatics Centre, with Charlotte spotted chatting with her parents and asking questions. And fans are questioning what the future King had to say, as Kate was pictured with her mouth wide open while Prince William chatted away with their daughter. In the picture, Prince William appears to be speaking to his daughter as he points at the games, while Kate stares in shock with her mouth agape. Princess Charlotte looks adoringly up at her dad as he appears to explain the events that are unfolding.  In other pictures, the Duchess appears to be explaining the events to her daughter. Princess Charlotte wore a striped black and blue dress with a peter pan style collar and two neat plaits. Meanwhile, Kate sported a white three-piece suit, complete with heels, while Prince William wore a navy blazer, blue shirt and beige trousers. The three sat together as they watched the games in the Midlands today. READ MORE: 'Clever' Lady Louise poised to make life-changing decision Princess Charlotte's appearance will no doubt please fans who were hoping to see her at the Women's Euros on Sunday. The Lionesses won 2-1 against Germany in the final, but some were disappointed as only Prince William made an appearance. But the young royal made sure to send her well wishes, as the Duke and Duchess shared a video of Charlotte saying good luck to the Lionesses ahead of the game. The Cambridges' visit to the Commonwealth Games follows a number of visits made by the Royal Family since the games began on Friday. DON'T MISS:Yorkshire fire: Buildings evacuated as 10 fire appliances attend  [PICTURES]‘Ask the peiple’ Remainers in new demand for second Brexit referendum [COMMENT]Leafy UK town shaken as 'teenage boy stabbed to death' in street [INSIGHT] Prince Charles and Camilla attended the Opening Ceremony where Charles delivered the Queen's speech. Yesterday, the Wessexes were spotted watching the badminton at the games in Birmingham. Prince Edward is vice-patron at the Commonwealth Games Foundation, meaning he and Sophie Wessex have been seen several times over the last few days. More visits are expected to be made over the next week as the events continue in the Midlands.