Manchester United have decided for the time being not to put a deadline on their deal for Frenkie de Jong, according to reports. John Murtough has been working on a deal for the Barcelona star all throughout the summer. However, any arrangement that would see the 25-year-old become their fourth signing remains complex. Manchester United quickly identified De Jong as a leading target nearly three months ago, shortly after it was confirmed Ten Hag would be their next manager. They’ve managed to agree a fee for the Barcelona star, with the Red Devils prepared to pay an initial £63million to get a deal done. But United have still been unable to get the player in the door, despite Murtough and Richard Arnold doing everything they can behind the scenes. According to the Manchester Evening News, the fallen Premier League giants currently don’t have a deadline when it comes to signing De Jong. And that suggests they’re refusing to give up on the 25-year-old, such is their determination to bring him in. Man Utd transfers: Bruno Fernandes has approved Frenkie de Jong alternative Many have been calling for United to move on to alternatives, with Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, Youri Tielemans and Ruben Neves some of the names in the frame. However, United are sticking to their guns because they believe there’s still a chance a deal can be struck. It’s said they won’t be moving on to other targets because they feel there’s nobody like De Jong who is attainable this summer. So that means the saga is set to roll on and on. United have also been linked with Ajax star Antony, who scored eight goals and clocked up four assists from 23 Eredivisie appearances last term. DON’T MISSMan Utd have just seven players worth keeping under Erik ten HagMan Utd set price tag for Ronaldo to leaveMan Utd respond to claims De Jong doesn’t want to join However, for now, a deal for the Brazil international is tricky with the Dutch side reluctant to sell their prized asset. Meanwhile, United stepped up their plans for the new Premier League season with two friendlies over the weekend. They lost 1-0 to Atletico Madrid in Norway on Saturday, with Joao Felix netting the winner in the closing stages for Diego Simeone’s side. And United then drew 1-1 with Rayo Vallecano at Old Trafford 24 hours later, with Amad on target for the home side. Ten Hag has now been asked about pre-season so far and revealed he was satisfied by what he’d been from his players during the course of the summer. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "Overall, definitely," he said. "I think we [have had] a good pre-season. “We make good progress. We are ready for the season. I know there is still room for improvement. “We have to improve and that is also a process that continues during the season. But, for next week, it's about the result as well. "It was a mixture between experience and youth [today]. Some guys, they need to see today, for the first time, what you can expect. “You saw the attitude was really great, really the intention to co-operate. They fight and work for each other. That was positive. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "We create also a lot of chances and also conceded some chances. Overall, we have to be satisfied with this performance." And, when asked about United fans cheering him on for the first time on home soil, he added: "Fantastic. "You see and you feel the vibe in the stadium, the vibe they want to send to the team. There has to be co-operation between fans and the team. “We get the right emotion on the pitch and the right results especially." United are next in action against Brighton in their Premier League opener on August 7. They won 2-0 in the same fixture last term, with Cristiano Ronaldo and Bruno Fernandes both on target. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here