Kaleb Cooper, who has become an overnight sensation following his debut on Clarkson's Farm, admitted he got "told off" after sharing certain details. Jeremy Clarkson's pal told his legion of followers to be on the lookout for his latest offering which is due to hit shelves in October. The 24-year-old gushed about his book titled, The World According to Kaleb, as he received the first chapter. Taking to Instagram stories, he said: "Look what I've got today. The first chapter of my book 'bladder'. I don't know how to say it. My agent did tell me. 'Blad'... I think. "It's 'blad.' The first chapter of my book. It's getting close people. October 13. I'm so excited." Moments later he explained he received a telling-off from his agent. READ MORE: Robbie Williams talks 'unforgivable' act over wife Ayda Field's move "Just been told off. It's a 'blad' everyone. You know, the first chapter of a book. A blad, it's going to come out soon," he mused. The Chipping Norton star's new book aims to give a candid insight into Kaleb's world as he shares his thoughts on a myriad of topics. From capital cities, to famous stars and life working on a farm, the book aims to shed a light on the farmer's down-to-earth nature and prepares to make readers laugh out loud. Elsewhere, Kaleb suffered a tractor disaster on his farm as he took to the picture-sharing site and shared his woes.  "Bit of a problem on this Tuesday evening," he said. "I normally say, 'Ah... it's just flat at the bottom. It'll be alright,'" as Kaleb panned the camera down to the wheel of his tractor. But the TV star added he had "f****d up" as the tyre was completely removed from the wheel. Meanwhile, Clarkson's Farm is set to return to Amazon Prime for a second series but no confirmation date has yet been given. DON'T MISS... Louise Redknapp 'dating again' after split from ex- husband Jamie[LATEST]Olivia Newton-John's niece in tears over Grease star's final days[VIDEO]Kevin Bacon unveils ageless appearance just days before sad loss[PICTURES] The Amazon Prime series was confirmed for season two in July 2021, with filming commencing shortly afterwards. On the announcement, Dan Grabiner, Amazon Studios’ head of UK Originals said: "Clarkson's Farm is Jeremy's unfiltered love letter to farming. It is that authenticity, charm and humour, combined with the farm’s fantastic characters, which have made the series such a remarkable hit with audiences." Jeremy and right-hand man Kaleb then made a video together to confirm the announcement. Filming commenced for a year-long period, wrapping in July 2022. This was confirmed by Jeremy himself, who noted the production time when showing off on Instagram the brand new ponds he dug himself. When one eager fan commented, "Any news on season two?" Jeremy responded: "Filming ends in mid-July. So it should be edited and ready to go early in the new year." With this in mind, a release date could be in January – or possibly February – 2023.