There are no easy answers, but we have to concentrate on what is possible and find new and energetic ways to make a difference for everyone feeling the pinch. As a country, we simply cannot be hamstrung by what we cannot do and end up doing too little. That is why Liz Truss's positivity is important. The tax cuts and investment that she proposes may not immediately aid the low paid whose tax burden Rishi Sunak had already worked hard to reduce, but the growth they can spark would certainly help. Leadership rival Sunak describes Truss's promises of radical economic plans as "starry-eyed boosterism" but, as she tells the Daily Express, she makes no apology for being optimistic and nor should she. There is every reason to believe Britain's best days are ahead of us. First we must get through this winter and Liz Truss's recognition that people will need help, and her determination to give it, is encouraging. Whoever wins the leadership race to become Prime Minister, they must not let resistance from naysayers at the Treasury or anywhere else stop them finding the best ways to come through these difficult times. ------------------------------- Water company bosses cannot be blamed for the heatwave but nor, by any stretch of the imagination, can they be described as having presided over unadulterated success. When water is so precious, and we are threatened with a nationwide hosepipe ban, the leaking of 2.4 billion litres a day from water firms' pipes in England is a scandal. When it does rain, the record of the water companies is equally shabby, with raw sewage releases into our rivers a regular occurrence. How, then, can the bosses continue to pay huge dividends to shareholders and huge bonuses to themselves? They must work harder to fix the leaks, improve storage and protect our water supply, and the money taps should be turned off until they succeed. ------------------------------- Has the BBC gone mad, dropping the classified football results service from Radio 5 Live's Sports Report after nearly 70 years? It was James Alexander Gordon who first changed the intonation in his voice to indicate what the result was for each fixture even before he had finished reading it out. In a similar way, football fans in future will know without hearing the classified football results exactly what the score is - that the BBC has completely lost touch with its listeners. It should bring the classified results back immediately.