Pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), according to Age UK. Attendance Allowance is paid to millions of pensioners aged state pension age and above to help them pay for additional support. Latest figures show £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year in the UK and a lot of this is down to unclaimed Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to pensioners who have problems washing, getting around or taking medication. Some pensioners say the process for claiming DWP benefits like Attendance Allowance is over complicated and puts them off applying. However, as the cost of living crisis worsens, they are being encouraged to seek out all the financial help they are entitled to. READ MORE: Money making tips: Blogger shares how to make £30 an hour How much is Attendance Allowance? There are two different amounts which people can receive, and it is dependent on the care that is needed and not the disability. The lower rate, of £61.85 a week, is given if a person needs help or supervision during the day or at night. The higher rate, of £92.40, is given if a person needs help during the day and overnight, or if they are terminally ill. Overall, people have the chance to claim up to £370 per month. DON'T MISSState pension increase - what rates might you expect in April 2023? [UPDATE]British Gas offering people 'in debt' up to £1,500 for energy bills [ALERT]Building Society offering account with 5% rate [UPDATE]You could save almost £1,000 a year on energy bills with two hacks [INSIGHT]  Experts advise that when filling out the form, claimants should remember to clearly write about the help they need and don't. Claimants must have a disability or health condition, but they must have struggled for at least six months unless they are seriously ill. They shouldn't expect the person making the decision to know about their condition. Another simple tip is to explain if certain tasks take longer and to not be afraid to repeat information if it’s relevant. READ MORE: Money making tips: Blogger shares how to make £30 an hour Readers have been telling Express.co.uk how they find the process for claiming DWP benefits over complicated. 77-year-old Lynda said she struggled to apply for Attendance Allowance for her mother. Her and her husband spent an entire weekend filling out the forms which they say were unnecessarily complicated. Lynda, 77, said she struggled to apply for Attendance Allowance for her mother. “I don’t know how an elderly person with no support is expected to fill this in.”   Six common myths usually prevent people from applying Attendance Allowance: 