Jose Mourinho has fired shots at Roma's owners after dismissing talk that the Giallorossi could challenge for the Serie A title this season. The Portuguese coach declared that "only Sampdoria and Lecce" have spent less than his side this summer in a pointed message over the club's lack of spending. The Italian outfit, who finished sixth in the league last term, have added two star names in Paulo Dybala and Georginio Wijnaldum to their ranks in the current window, but have adopted a thrifty approach to their transfer dealings. The latter arrived on loan from Paris Saint-Germain while Dybala is one of three players to have joined on a free transfer this summer. Nemanja Matic and Mile Svilar have also arrived for nothing, with Zeki Celik the only player Roma have paid a fee for, having joined from Lille in a deal worth in the region of £6million. When probed on whether the Giallorossi can challenge for the Scudetto this season ahead of their Serie A opener against Salernitana on Sunday, Mourinho took the opportunity to slam his club's spending, citing it as a key factor in why they should be dismissed from the title race. “Roma can be a candidate for the Scudetto if there are 18 Scudetti available," Mourinho quipped. "Only Sampdoria and Lecce spent less than us. Milan and Inter finished with 25 and 23 points ahead of us and improved. JUST IN: Everton star Amadou Onana follows costly mistake with magic moment in wild Toffees debut "There is a lot of noise around us because of interesting matches against Tottenham and Shakhtar. We talk about us, while there is silence around other teams. Lazio spent 39million, are they candidates for the Scudetto?” The 59-year-old, who guided Roma to the Europa Conference League title last campaign, then reinforced his point regarding the club's limited expenditure this summer when asked if his side could go one better in Europe and claim the Europa League crown this season. He added: “In Europe to do better you have to win the Europa League. READ MORE: Arsenal given green light for Yeremy Pino transfer by Unai Emery - 'Will have to leave' "But there are teams that have an economic potential that is not comparable, I’m not saying the distance between Earth and Mars, but there are people who spend €100 million-€150 million per season. We go play and do the best we can. “In the league, we finished in sixth place, our squad improved, we lost Mkhitaryan and Veretout, but we got players with whom we improved, but also the others. For this reason, during this period where I didn’t need to talk to journalists, it amazes me when it comes to us in one way, but not about the others.”