Leeds are reportedly one step away from securing a double transfer swoop as sporting director Victor Orta looks to prise Ismaila Sarr and Joao Pedro away from Watford. The Whites have been relentless in the transfer market this summer and have already signed seven new players after narrowly avoiding relegation from the Premier League last season. Leeds suffered a dismal campaign last time around but cemented their top-flight place on the final day of the campaign as they defeated Brentford 2-1. The Elland Road side will be hoping to avoid a repeat of their struggles this season and opened their new Premier League account with a 2-1 victory over Wolves at the weekend. And Jesse Marsch’s team could be given another boost as Orta is about to sign Sarr on a permanent deal, with Pedro also then coming in on loan, according to TuttoMercatoWeb. Sarr, who arrived at Watford from Rennes three years ago, would cost Leeds just over £25million following his club’s relegation to the Championship. The winger has already shown just how effective he can be in the Premier League but struggled with injury last season and missed 16 top-flight matches. JUST IN: Newcastle make transfer request to Chelsea with Howe keen on 3 stars Watford managed to win just one game without the 24-year-old in their side as they ultimately finished 15 points from safety. The Hornets have oscillated between the Premier League and the Championship in recent years, with Sarr banging in 13 goals and providing 10 assists two seasons ago when his team were last in the second tier. On that occasion, his contribution was invaluable as Watford finished second. Pedro, meanwhile, was a regular starter for Watford during the second half of last season. The 20-year-old Brazilian forward, who joined the Hornets from Fluminense two-and-a-half years ago, found the back of the net three times in 28 Premier League appearances. Sarr and Pedro have each netted once already this term, with Sarr scoring a Goal of the Season contender from his own half. Watford have started their new Championship campaign with four points from their opening two games. But the Hornets may now be forced to battle for promotion without two of their star players.  The Leeds squad is looking markedly different to how it appeared last season, with boss Marsch making six changes to the team that ended the last campaign against Brentford when Wolves visited Elland Road on Saturday. The Whites lost influential duo Raphinha and Kalvin Phillips during the summer. But they have been bolstered by the arrivals of attacker Brenden Aaronson, winger Luis Sinisterra, right-back Rasmus Kristensen and goalkeeper Joel Robles, as well as midfielder trio Tyler Adams, Marc Roca and Darko Gyabi. 