Chelsea appear to be getting closer to signing Inter Milan midfielder Cesare Casadei. Reports in Italy claim Inter chiefs are hoping to strike a deal with the Blues on Tuesday worth in the region of £12.6million. Chelsea have made five signings so far this summer but are far from finished. Thomas Tuchel wants to add another player in defence, midfield and attack. Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong is the top midfield target. Casadei, who is yet to make his professional debut, would very much be a signing for the future and not one of Tuchel's three priority signings. Inter have shown some reluctance to selling the 19-year-old this summer. However, it appears they are now willing to do business. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd ramp up Icardi chase, Gordon to Chelsea, Ronaldo latest  Italian outlet Corriere dello Sport claims Inter chiefs Beppe Marotta, Piero Ausilio and Dario Baccin are hoping to conclude his sale to Chelsea on Tuesday. Inter want to 'postpone' the sale of the club's top players and therefore are open to selling their young talent. The club have already loaned out striker Andrea Pinamonti to fellow Serie A side Sassuolo, with an obligation to buy for just under £17m (€20m). Inter want to raise around £30m from the two sales, so will want around £12.6m (€15m) from Chelsea for Casadei. Chelsea have already spent around £175m on new signings. But owner Todd Boehly appears to be prepared to back Tuchel in the market. Leicester star Wesley Fofana has agreed personal terms with the Blues. The Foxes are holding out for a fee north of the £80m they received from Manchester United for Harry Maguire three years ago. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu may be working on four La Liga deals after 'boarding flight'Tavares shows Arsenal what they're missing with another star performanceChelsea could make four signings if Newcastle follow through on transfer  Meanwhile, Barca star De Jong is keen on staying at the Nou Camp. Striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is also a target for Tuchel, but is happy at Barca. Former England striker Darren Bent says signing Fofana, De Jong and Aubameyang would make Chelsea title contenders. He told talkSPORT: “If they get those three, they’re in the title race for sure. They have to be… look at their squad after that. “They’ll have solved the problem of getting a goalscorer. Aubameyang’s attitude has been questioned but when he got to Arsenal he got ten goals in his first 14 games. At Barcelona, he’s got 11 goals in 17 appearances. “If they get him, get Fofana into that back three and De Jong in then they have to be [title contenders]." 