And Jayne Adye has urged Liz Truss to take a tough stance if she becomes Prime Minister, rather than kowtowing to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. Ms Adye, director of the Get Britain Out campaign group, was speaking after Foreign Secretary Ms Truss confirmed Britain was launching legal proceedings against the bloc for blocking Britain’s participation in Horizon Europe, Copernicus and Euratom. Ms Truss accused the EU of “repeatedly seeking to politicise vital scientific cooperation” in response to the UK’s attempts to modify the Northern Ireland Protocol - the mechanism for preventing a hard border on the island of Ireland which Unionist critics claim has resulted in a border down the Irish Sea. Referring to the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (TCA) signed in December 2020, Ms Adye told Express.co.uk: “The TCA was formally completed on May 1, 2021, after lengthy ratification processes on either side, but it seems to me the EU still does not want to accept the facts the UK is no longer part of the EU - or the completion of the TCA. “They constantly attempt to punish the UK - especially with revenge over the Northern Ireland Protocol, which now effectively separates Northern Ireland from the rest of the United Kingdom.” The European Commission was clearly hoping a new Prime Minister would take Britain back into the EU, Ms Adye suggested. However, she added: “By refusing to allow UK participation in key EU science and research Programmes (which we have already paid billions of pounds towards) - such as Horizon Europe; Copernicus; Euratom Research and Training; and Fusion for Energy; as well as access to programme services such as Space Surveillance and Tracking - the European Commission is now denying the UK further access. “Cooperation between nations should not be on a ‘Tit-for-Tat’ basis, as successful results should be shared as we did during the COVID-19 pandemic. READ MORE: Kremlin execution!' Putin blamed for Dugin daughter bomb attack However, in my opinion, while the Government seems to be chasing after the EU Commission, we may be losing sight of other opportunities around the world.”' The United States Navy had recently handed the UK an alternative to the Galileo satellite constellation, and there were other high-profile opportunities Britain should be pursuing, Ms Adye said. She explained: “The recent US Navy 10-year contract is with the UK satellite company Inmarsat, which has been given $578 million (£478 million) to develop a state-of-the-art satellite communications network. DON'T MISS GB News: Farage slams Tory migrant policy [INSIGHT]Royal Navy will stop patrolling migrants crossing the Channel [REPORT]Rishi and Truss warned migrant crossings to 'go up and up' [REVEAL] “This will mean Inmarsat will maintain satellite and ground communications technology, operating tankers which refuel large vessels, and will also upgrade technology to Inmarsat’s more advanced ‘Xpress’ network and L-band spectrum.” Ms Adye continued: “The EU has ramped up legal proceedings against the UK over the implementation of the NI Protocol Agreement. “To keep the Irish Border open, Northern Ireland is effectively separated from the rest of the UK and remains part of the EU’s Single Market." In April, crossbench peer Charles Kinnoull had been handed a letter from the EU Research Commissioner, Mariya Gabriel, admitting Brussels was withholding access to Horizon Europe in a ‘Tit-for-Tat’ row over the NI trade dispute, Ms Adye pointed out. Ms Gabriel’s letter described Horizon Europe as “a win-win” for both sides, but stressed the “current political setting of this relationship should be recalled”, warning of “present serious difficulties in the implementation of the Withdrawal Agreement and parts of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement between the European Union and the United Kingdom”. Ms Adye said: “I have also discussed the involvement of the EU in medical research programmes and have been advised the massive amounts of EU paperwork involved in order to gain funding, can often hamper the real development of vital research projects – as clearly the EU intends to retain absolute control over such projects. “In my opinion, the EU’s apparent blackmail like this is bound to continue to create Brexit problems where there should be cooperation. “The UK has already set aside £15Billion towards these science and research Programmes, but I believe the new Prime Minister - whether the Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss, or the former Chancellor, Rishi Sunak - must lead a strong Government which is more independent, rather than seeming to still be tugging at the EU’s apron strings. “After all, now we have Got Britain Out of the EU, who knows how long the European Union might survive!”