Neil Jones has become a firm favourite on Strictly Come Dancing and the professional has made it clear he has no plans to waltz away from the dancefloor anytime soon. However, the performer has revealed that he is very much open to new "opportunities" after he recently secured a presenting gig. Like his fellow co-stars such as Janette Manara, Oti Mabuse and Anton Du Beke, while they love to dance and perform, Neil similarly has other talents under his belt. It comes after the 39-year-old shared his "excitement" after being approached to take on a guest presenting role alongside his co-host Kia Pegg on CBBC's Saturday Mash-Up which aired last month. The Latin performer explained that it was the high energy of the children's programme that solidified his decision to take on the role. When quizzed if he had plans to follow in the footsteps of his friend and co-star Oti, who recently joined the Dancing On Ice judging panel, Neil admitted his love remains with the dancefloor. READ MORE: 'I'm really struggling' Kate Garraway opens up on 'absent' husband "I absolutely love Strictly and it's something that I always want to be a part of," he explained. "Purely with the dance, the show, it's so family-oriented." Neil went on: "It's really nice to do things like [presenting] as well. As opportunities arise, I'll take each one as they come along." Speaking about working on CBBC's Saturday Mash Up, Neil said: "I think it's the energy of the show because of I've gone on as a guest before and I love the show. I think it's great.  "I've grown up watching stuff like this when I was younger so it's just really fun." The Strictly performer shared that because he has done so many things behind the camera he enjoys taking on a hosting role. Neil said: "With presenting, it's something nice to do and to learn. It's brilliant, I'm really enjoying it." The Strictly pro explained that while presenting a show is worlds away from dancing he admitted that he loves to take on a new challenge. DON'T MISS... Glee star Darren Criss' heartbreak after brother Charles dies at 36[LATEST]Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards[PICTURES]Piers Morgan says Putin is 'making Biden look impotent' in swipe[POLITICS] "I think when you dance and do different things you get used to just jumping in and I'm pretty much a person that if anything is thrown at me and they say, 'Sorry, we need to change that,' I'm fine with it. I'm like, 'Ok, no problem,'" he explained. "I was more excited to get up and do what I needed to do. To learn [my lines] and we're currently going through rehearsals. It's such fun." Saturday Mash-Up! is a British Saturday morning children's magazine entertainment programme on CBBC and BBC Two, which first broadcast in 2017. The dancer also touched on possibly joining the Strictly judging panel in the future. Neil explained that he is no stranger to judging dance competitions as he has done so in the past. He said: "I've judged a lot in normal [dance] competitions which I do enjoy. But it is very difficult." Neil added: "It's something I can do but at the same time, when I'm watching a show like Strictly, I get to know [the contestants] so well and it's really hard to be saying things to people when you see how hard they've worked. "I respect the judges and what they do. But at the moment, I just enjoy the dancing side," he commented.