On Saturday, protesters gathered in Liverpool, Dover and Hull as the RMT union urged a stop to the "P&O Jobs Massacre". People chanted "P&O, shame on you" as they marched along a street in Liverpool, with more than 100 turning out, according to the union. In Hull, protesters blocked roads in the hope of stopping cargo from getting to Ferries. Viking FM journalist Rebecca Jayne said: "They've just told me now that they're blocking any vehicles coming in and out of the port. "They don't want the ferry to set sail today." It comes as Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said he will not compromise the safety of P&O vessels and insisted that the company will not be able to rush training for inexperienced people. In a move that sparked widespread outrage, the company sacked almost 800 seafarers earlier this month, and plans to replace them with agency staff on cheaper salaries. READ MORE: P&O Ferries vessel DETAINED by coastguard The MCA said there were no passengers or freight on board the European Causeway vessel when it was detained. The detention of ships is based on concerns over their safety and to prevent them going to sea. A P&O Ferries spokesman said: "European Causeway has undergone an inspection by the MCA in Larne, during which it was deemed not sufficiently ready for entry into operation. "We shall review the findings, make any changes required and continue to work closely with the MCA to return the ship to service." The demonstrations come after a ship operated by the ferry firm was detained for being "unfit to sail". The European Causeway vessel has been held at the port of Larne in Northern Ireland due to "failures on crew familiarisation, vessel documentation and crew training", the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) said. The Trades Union Congress (TUC) tweeted a video they said showed P&O dockers in Rotterdam refusing to load freight onto a ferry set for Hull "in solidarity with the 800 seafarers illegally sacked by P&O". DON'T MISS Brexit blamed as UK exports drop 14% – Britain ‘missing out’ on trade [INSIGHT]Have your say: Did MPs do a good job in taking control of Brexit? [POLL]Brexit fury erupts as protests take to streets – Truss under pressure [ANALYSIS] Labour has written to Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng asking whether the Government will seek the removal of P&O Ferries' chief executive Peter Hebblethwaite as a director under the Company Directors Disqualification Act 1986. In a letter, the party accused the Government of "sitting on their hands" rather than taking action to hold P&O to account, adding that the "toothless response risks giving the green light to exploitation". Shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh said the "shameful misconduct of P&O Ferries has ruined livelihoods" as she called for the sacked workers to be reinstated and for Mr Hebblethwaite to be "barred" as a director for his role in the crisis. Prime Minister Boris Johnson backed Mr Shapps' call for Mr Hebblethwaite to quit.