Lennox, 67, achieved international success with fellow singer Dave Stewart in the 1980s as the band Eurythmics. Recently, she celebrated 39 years since the release of the highly successful album Sweet Dreams. But the years following her success haven’t always been plain sailing. Lennox recently admitted that she is still suffering from the complications of a surgery she had in 2009. "Over a decade ago I had to have a back operation and a lot of things changed after that,” she wrote in an Instagram post on the 3rd of January 2019. “Long story.. but I occasionally suffer from excruciating nerve pain, which comes in with vengeance when I least expect it. “It hit over New Year and I'm hoping it will settle down as I go into the 3rd day."  READ MORE: 'Seeing a spike in cases' Dr Hilary issues warning as second booster available in DAYS  She also revealed a couple days after the first post that she is unable to tour anymore because of “such physical challenges”. It all started in 2008 at an AIDS conference in Mexico where the singer had a back spasm. Lennox was then rushed back to London where she was given spinal surgery to help release a trapped nerve, stated a spokesperson for the record company Sony BMG. A trapped nerve occurs when too much pressure is applied on a nerve by the muscles, bones, cartilage or tendons around it. It tends to cause pain, tingling, numbness or weakness. Despite the surgery, Lennox was left with pain that has been lingering on and off since. While she was recuperating, the star wrote on her blog: "Got an MRI scan this morning and am now sitting up in bed with my left foot like a dead fish." At the time, she told the Scotsman that she had developed a limp.  But Lennox insisted that it “ain’t bad” considering that when she had the back pain in Mexico a couple weeks before she didn’t know if she would be “permanently disabled”. Nerve pain is described by the NHS as peripheral neuropathy, which refers to the disease or dysfunction of one or more of the "peripheral" nerves. There are several main types of peripheral neuropathy, states the NHS, including: There are many causes of neuropathy including a herniated disk and nerve inflammation.  Although Lennox didn’t reveal the details of her neuropathy, motor neuropathy typically affects the legs and can cause a limp. The symptoms of this condition are twitching and muscle cramps, muscle weakness or paralysis affecting muscles and thinning of muscles. Another symptom is foot drop, where the front part of your foot or toes might have difficulty lifting. Lennox isn’t the only one famous name that has had nerve damage after surgery. Phil Collins of Genesis developed foot drop after he had surgery.  