Emmett J Scanlan is probably best known to soap fans as Brendan Brady in Channel 4's Hollyoaks. Having left the show in 2013, Scanlan has appeared in a number of series including The Fall and Breakdown as well as the iconic Peaky Blinders in season five. Billy Grade used to work at Arthur Shelby's (played by Paul Anderson) Garrison pub but has since started secretly working against the Shelby family. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders.Billy Grade has important connections in the world of football that the Shelbys want to use to their advantage. He is a retired footballer who had to retire from the sport due to a leg injury which Arthur took advantage of in season six's penultimate episode. Arthur deliberately hurt Billy's old injury in order to convince him to work with Finn Shelby (Harry Kirton) in bribing football referees to fix match bets which he reluctantly agreed to. This wasn't the only person to threaten Billy either during the episode The Road to Hell. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith New antagonist Jack Nelson (James Frecheville) violently forces Billy to give him information that will lead to the planned murder of Arthur. Billy tried to resist as he didn't want to feel the wrath of the Shelby family due to his actions. Unfortunately, the beating got too much and he once again accepted something he didn't want to do but this time at the hands of Jack. So with Billy's information, will Jack succeed in having Arthur killed off before Peaky Blinders is over for good? Peaky Blinders' Billy Grade actor Emmett J Scanlan was born on January 31, 1979. This means the star is now 43-years-old, having celebrated his birthday at the beginning of the year. He is just a couple of years younger than Tommy Shelby actor Cillian Murphy who is 45 and the same as co-star Paul Anderson who is behind Arthur. After series six's fifth instalment, Scanlan is expected to have a major role in the final ever episode. DON'T MISS...Ruby Wax age: How old is Ruby Wax? [AGE]'Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth' Will Smith hits host [VIDEO]Peaky Blinders boss talks leaving out Mosley details from series [CAST] Billy was indirectly responsible for the failure of Tommy's plan to assassinate Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin) in the series five finale. After Finn let slip that there was a plan "to shoot a fascist", he made a call to IRA member Laura McKee (Charlene McKenna). This one phone call led to not only the assassination attempt failing but the murders of Barney Thompson (Cosmo Jarvis), Aberama Gold (Aidan Gillen) and Polly Gray (Helen McCrory). So how will Tommy react when he discovers the truth behind Billy's involvement? The final ever episode of Peaky Blinders is going to air at the weekend on Sunday, April 3, at 9pm on BBC One. Entitled Lock and Key, few details have been given away so far on what will happen. The synopsis simply reads: "As the clouds of the coming storm gather, Tommy Shelby faces the consequences of his experiences and his actions." Peaky Blinders season 6 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.