A MiG-21 LanceR Romanian Air Force from the 86th Air Base, carrying out an air patrol mission over Dobrogea vanished from the radar on Wednesday evening, and a Puma rescue helicopter sent on a search mission also disappeared.  A Defence Ministry spokesman has confirmed that the Romanic Military rescue chopper had crashed and that there were seven fatalities.    The IAR-330 Puma helicopter was found crashed 11 kilometres from the airfield, the spokesperson of the Ministry of National Defence, Constantin Spânu said. The cause of their crash is currently unknown. Nothing is known yet about the MiG 21 LanceR plane that disappeared from the radar. The aircraft had taken off from Mihail Kogălniceanu Air Base 57 at 7.50pm.   A search and rescue operation is underway on land to locate the MiG-21 LanceR aircraft. Local media reports said the MiG 21 LanceR plane crashed but so far nothing is known about the pilot's fate. The latest statement from the Ministry of National Defence now confirms that seven soldiers were in the helicopter that crashed and that they all lost their lives. In addition to the five crew members initially reported, two rescuers from the Romanian Naval Forces had also boarded the rescue aircraft. Earlier on Wednesday evening, the Minister of National Defence Vasile Dîncu released a statement extending condolences to the families of those killed in the helicopter crash. It read: "Today is a sad day for the Romanian Army family. "The crew of the IAR 330-Puma helicopter, on a search-and-rescue mission for the MiG 21 LanceR aircraft, were found dead in the area of ​​Gura Dobrogei, approximately 11 km from the aerodrome. READ MORE: Putin haemorrhaging allies as Kremlin adviser denounces brutal war "I extend my condolences to the bereaved families. May God rest them in peace. "The search for the pilot of the MiG 21 LanceR aircraft is still ongoing." The Minister of National Defence and the Chief of the Defence Staff express their deep regret for the tragic event and are with the families of the military personnel. Nicolae Ciuca, Prime Minister of Romania, also issued a statement in the aftermath of the incident. He said: "I am deeply saddened by the tragic end of the Romanian military that perished tonight in Dobrogea. "I am with the bereaved families, to whom I extend my full sympathy and condolences for the loss. We will keep alive the memory of those who fell in Romania's defence missions, who put their duty to the country before their own lives. May God keep them safe." DON'T MISS Russia humiliated as 141 countries vote to condemn Ukraine war [REVEAL] Russian soldiers 'crying in combat' show trust in Putin has collapse [INSIGHT] Horror as Putin's troops open fire on unarmed Ukrainians [REPORT] President Klaus Iohannis also sent a message of condolences to the families of those on board. He said: "I express my deep regret and full compassion for the loss of life of seven soldiers from Mihail Kogălniceanu 57th Air Base, following the crash of an IAR 330 Puma helicopter, in the area of ​​Gura Dobrogei locality, Constanța county." Mr Iohannis later added: "On this tragic night for the Romanian aviation, my thoughts turn to the grieving and hard-pressed families of this dramatic loss. I send them my condolences and a lot of strength in these painful moments." Bad weather had been reported, but tensions are sky-high in the Black Sea region amid the ongoing Russia and Ukraine crisis, and because Romania is a NATO member. Video footage reportedly showing an explosion in the area of ​​aviation incidents were published by Ziua de Constanța. G4Media, a Romanian news outlet, also reports that a surveillance video camera recorded a loud explosion. Further footage shared by the outlet reportedly shows the wreckage of the crashed helicopter being found in flames. Shared on YouTube, the caption for the video simply reads "the wreckage of the crashed helicopter" in Romanian.  A Ministry of Defence press release released earlier in the evening said: "The IAR 330-Puma helicopter, which took off on Wednesday, March 2, around 8.21pm, in a search-and-rescue mission of the Mig 21 LanceR aircraft, lost its radio connection with the control tower and disappeared from the radar around 8.44pm. "The pilot had reported adverse weather conditions and had been ordered to return to base. "The last known position of the helicopter, which had on board a crew of five soldiers, is the area of Gura Dobrogei, about 11km from the aerodrome. "The condition of the crew or aircraft is unknown. "And in this case, the search-and-rescue operations were launched." The MIG 21 Lancer aircraft took off from the Mihai Kogalniceanu air base at 7:50PM and lost contact with the control tower at 8PM. Just three minutes later, it went off radar in an area close to Cogealac village in Dobrogea, according to a press release issued by the Romanian Defence Ministry. That same statement said that there is still no information on what happened to the MiG-21. While the circumstances behind either of these incidents remain unclear, there is no indication at this time that foul play or hostile action was a factor in the chopper crash or the jet going missing. There are signs that bad weather might have played a role. The helicopter took off from the same airbase at 8:21pm to search for the missing jet and went off radar at 8:44pm. It crashed roughly 11 km from the airbase after the pilot had reported unfavourable weather conditions and had been ordered to return to base, according to the Defence Ministry. This is the most serious aviation incident involving military aircraft which has occurred in Romania in recent years.  