Nevertheless, he is right. If unions demand pay rises to keep up with inflation and wages rise, then that feeds through to prices which in turn rise and that in turn leads again to demands for higher wages. That was exactly the vicious circle which sent inflation through the roof in the late 1960s and 1970s and against which the Thatcher Government had to fight for years before it was finally brought under control. Andrew Bailey’s problem is that there are two generations who have no active memory of price-wage inflation or for that matter of much inflation at all. So, of course it is tempting to think that the answer to a sudden rise in the cost of living is a rise in wages to meet it but if, for example, workers in the various energy companies have to be paid more then your fuel bills will have to rise to meet the costs and so the spiral starts. Any company which has to pay its staff more will have to raise prices to meet it. Nobody benefits. Any student of even elementary economics will understand this but it is not something we have lived with as part of daily life for about 30 years. Theory is one thing; living the miserable reality is quite another. Households looking at their electricity bills in disbelief may well resist the Bailey message – and it is difficult to blame them – but his job is to look at the whole economy and to warn us that those and all other bills will continue rocketing if wages begin to soar. The Government must protect the least well-off but the rest of us must simply face up to difficult times ahead. ----------------- BANK closures continue apace. When I first came to live on Dartmoor the tiny town of Bovey Tracey boasted three banks. Now there are none. Recently Barclays closed in Newton Abbot, a large town, leaving me to travel 20 miles to Exeter. Where once we used to cash cheques we now use cards in machines at petrol stations and supermarkets. Where once we used to ask the clerk for “our position” when checking bank statements, we now check online. The same goes for paying bills and transferring money. Even the technologically illiterate can phone. So fewer and fewer people have used their physical banks and if there is too small a footfall then they are  not worth keeping open. It is an inevitable social change. ----------------- TRIGGER warnings get ever more ridiculous. Now Newman University has warned students studying the Bible that some passages include scenes of sexual violence and abuse and has identified the famous story of David and Bathsheba. That is the one where King David has an adulterous affair with Bathsheba and deliberately puts her husband in the front line during a battle where he is killed. God sends Nathan to see David and he tells him that a man having many flocks has purloined the single lamb owned by another andkilled it. A furious David says: “...who is this man for surely he must die?” Nathan replies “Thou art that man”. And that justifies a sexual violence warning? It was standard fare in scripture lessons at primary school in my day. ----------------- JOHN Lewis’s “never knowingly undersold” slogan has been increasingly irrelevant for a long time as it did not apply to online shopping, which is where so many purchases are now made. Far more relevant is the package of price cuts it will introduce to help with the cost-of-living rises. Families are going to need all the help they can get. Let us hope other companies can follow its example. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- IT IS difficult to believe that Vladimir Putin would be acting as he is now if Donald Trump were in the White House. Trump had the vision and the nous to cultivate good relations with Putin. He was criticised for it at the time but we are now seeing the effects of the opposite approach. When Putin met Trump, he saw something he could recognise: a man for whom the greatness of his country was his first consideration. He looks at Biden and sees what? Someone in his dotage, obsessed with pronouns. Then he looks at one of the most formidable intelligence agencies in the world – our own – and sees what? A head who is also obsessed by political correctness and diversity. No wonder he thought it safe to invade Ukraine if those were her allies. What he underestimated was the sheer courage and determination of the Ukrainians themselves. Pity the same spirit isn’t visible across the Western world. ----------------- WHAT is so odd about expecting pupils aspiring to university to demonstrate basic competence in English and maths? The problem appears to be that almost any place of learning after school years can call itself a university and what we would once have called diplomas have been elevated to degrees. It is time to reinstate the distinction between the vocational and the academic.