The UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPPC) report published on Monday explains the dire impacts climate change is already causing for millions of people around the world. The report warned no region will be safe from the horrifying future impact climate change is expected to bring. The authors conclude that some of the impacts caused by climate change were already “irreversible” and more than half of the world’s population live in areas that “highly vulnerable to climate change.” The report warned that agricultural systems around the world will be hit badly by the crisis, which could undermine food security. According to the authors, more frequent and severe heatwaves, droughts, and floods are already exposing millions of people to acute food and water insecurity. Small scale farmers are some of the worst affected, which is a major issue that this type of farming is responsible for a third of the food supply in regions including Africa, Asia, Central and South America. Jyotsna Puri, IFAD’s Associate Vice-President said: “If small-scale farmers, who grow much of the world’s food, can no longer produce what is required, poverty and hunger will continue to increase, and more global migration, instability, and conflicts will follow.”  Debra Roberts, one of the report’s co-chairs, said in a press conference: “We’re already experiencing acute food and water shortages. “If we look at two degrees of global warming, we know that areas that are currently growing staple crops will not be able to grow those at the same level of efficiency and effectiveness. “And so there are significant challenges coming for areas like South America, Africa, [and] Asia, in terms of overall food production.” UN Secretary-General António Guterres said following the report’s publication: “I have seen many scientific reports in my time, but nothing like this. READ MORE: Scientists warn humanity is on brink “Today’s IPCC report is an atlas of human suffering and a damning indictment of failed climate leadership.” Even European and North American food systems were not exempt from the impacts of climate change. Scientists projected significant agricultural production losses for most regions in Europe over the next 80 years. This comes despite the prediction that some regions in northern Europe will receive a rare climate boon as warming temperatures will make it easier to grow crops in areas that were previously too cold for farming. DON'T MISS: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [MAPPED] Erdogan ties with Putin in tatters after nuclear threat [REVEAL] Biden humiliated as Putin set for major new energy deal [SPOTLIGHT] The report also warned of severe water shortages as temperatures increase over the coming years. The report said: “In Southern Europe, more than a third of the population will be exposed to water scarcity at 2°C. “Under 3°C GWL, this risk will double, and significant economic losses in water and energy dependent sectors may arise. “For Western Central and Southern Europe, and for many cities, the risk of water scarcity will increase strongly under 3°C.” This report comes just a week after the UN warned wildfires are also becoming more frequent and intense, threatening to change landscapes into “tinderboxes”. It also comes after the IPCC issued a “code red” for humanity last year ahead of the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow, urging immediate action to prevent environmental disaster.