The Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill returned to the House of Commons on Monday for MPs to consider amendments. Members of the House of Lords rejected a string of proposals in January to boost police powers in England and Wales, including by stopping and searching anyone at a protest without suspicion. One key detail MPs discussed was whether protests can be stopped for being too noisy. Campaign groups, including Amnesty International, have urged parliamentarians to oppose the bill, warning the legislation will curtail basic rights as well as entrench racism and discrimination. In the early hours of Tuesday, MPs voted to reinstate to the Bill the protest restrictions after they were removed by peers. A handful of Tory MPs made clear their frustration at the proposals, warning they went too far. The Bill previously suffered a string of defeats in the Lords as peers rejected moves to clampdown on noisy protests.  They also ripped out a series of controversial measures designed to combat the tactics adopted by groups including Extinction Rebellion and Insulate Britain. A spokesman for Insulate Britain said: "To us it doesn’t change a lot. We’re planning to force the Government to protect every single person in this country. We have a duty to protect future generations and people living in fuel poverty. "We will continue to act in the way that we have done to force the Government to do what its primary responsibility is - to protect the citizens of this country." Insulate Britain campaigners have in the past blockaded motorways such as the M25 as well as roads in London and Port of Dover.   READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN'S WAR BACKFIRING The group wants Government to improve the insulation of all social housing by 2025 and retrofit all homes by 2030 to reduce the use of planet-warming fossil fuels. Its protests have drawn fire from politicians and some motorists. Members have been imprisoned for breaching injunctions against road blockades. Insulate Britain’s spokesman explained that while the bill would not stop members protesting, there are still concerns. He said: "One of the biggest concerns for us is police powers. [Police officers] can pre-arrest organisers, stop people going to various actions. There’s stuff in [the bill] which will be potentially difficult to manage, but just because a law is brought in, it does not mean it will be morally correct.   DON'T MISS: Prince William's friends didn't approve of Kate: ‘Social divide' [REVEALED] 'Money is worthless everyone is panicking' – Nightmare grips Russia [REPORT] Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin loses 6,000 troops to fierce Ukraine fight [LATEST] "There are others laws which can be used to challenge this legislation. There will be a fight back in the courts to try and say this isn’t actually right. "[The Government] are really over-reaching. [The bill] affects all kinds of minorities. That’s a concern to us all. "But our job remains the same: we have to go into civil resistance against this Government." The bill has been criticised by Labour with a coalition of groups, including Black Lives Matter and Extinction Rebellion, urging MPs to "Kill The Bill". It includes reforms to the justice system, including tougher sentences for the "worst" offenders, ending automatic release half way through a prison sentence and curbs on people’s right to protest. In addition, it will introduce a new statutory offence of public nuisance, aimed at making sure there are "appropriate" sentences for the harms caused, including a maximum penalty of 10 years’ imprisonment and/or an unlimited fine.  The Home Office maintains the threshold for imposing conditions on noisy protests will be "appropriately" high with police using the power in cases deemed "necessary and proportionate". It says that Serious Disruption Prevention Orders will also give courts the power to prevent someone with a history of serious disruption attending certain protests. These could apply to someone convicted of protest-related criminal offences such as blocking a motorway, or where there is evidence they have contributed to causing serious disruption. But Jesse Norman, a Conservative former minister, said it was "unfortunate" the Government was bringing forward noise-based restrictions on protests when people in Ukraine are "dying for their beliefs and for the rights of freedom of speech and of association".  He said: "No case has been made, no serious case have been made, that this is a real and genuine problem." Tory former minister Steve Baker said he had some considerable concerns over the restrictions as he encouraged colleagues to "get in that rebel lobby" to tell the Government "actually, this is going too far on noise". The division list showed Mr Baker was the only Conservative MP to rebel as the noise restriction proposals were reinstated by 288 votes to 238. Ahead of the vote, Mr Baker said: "It's time to say protests are ... inherently noisy, they're inherently annoying and if noise is ever used as a weapon I'm sure there are other instruments of law that can be used."   Policing minister Kit Malthouse said protest is a qualified right and there have been in recent years "examples of wholly unacceptable forms of protest". He said: "The role of this House, and indeed the role of the police, is to strike a balance between competing rights. That is what we do, and that is what we are trying to do with these, in my view, modest measures that we've brought in."  A Home Office spokesperson said: "Freedom to protest is a fundamental right, but current laws to manage highly disruptive protests are out of date and not fit for purpose. "The new measures in the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill are designed to tackle the selfish minority of protesters who are highly disruptive and whose actions endanger the public, such as Insulate Britain. "It is not acceptable, as seen in recent protests, for people to block ambulances from reaching hospitals or preventing hundreds of people getting to work." 