During the start of the pandemic, many flights were cancelled due to travel restrictions. Some British Airways customers were issued a Future Travel Voucher to use for a later flight. However, some passengers wanted to cancel their trip altogether and get a refund for the flights. British Airways has now changed its policy so passengers who still have travel vouchers can access a refund. On its website, BA states: “If you were due to travel with us between March 9 and November 19, 2020 on a flight that was then cancelled, we were unable to offer our full range of ways to access refunds at that time. “If you are eligible, you can now get a refund online for the voucher you hold.” READ MORE: Ryanair customer shares luggage hack - save £50 Eligible passengers must have had a flight cancelled between March 9 and November 19 in 2020. They will need to request a refund via an online form on the British Airways website 24 months after the voucher was issued. Passengers who received an e-voucher less than 24 months ago are not eligible for a refund but can use the voucher to pay or part-pay for flights up to September 30, 2023. BA customers who had flights cancelled after November 19 are not eligible as they had the option for a refund at the time. Refunds are expected to take around 30 days to process and money will be refunded to the original form of payment. Rob Burgess, editor of the frequent flyer website Head for Points, said: “Perhaps I’m being cynical, but British Airways seems to be making the process more complicated than is necessary. “For a start, you cannot cash in your eVoucher until two years from the date it was issued. “It is important to note that your flight must have been cancelled. If you voluntarily choose to take an eVoucher for a flight which was operating, you are not entitled to cash in your voucher. “On the upside, for anyone who cannot cash in their eVoucher under these rules, British Airways eVouchers are fully transferable. “If you don’t think you will be able to use it before September 30, 2023, you can always sell it to a friend or on eBay. “The only snag is that you can’t use them to pay taxes and charges on Avios redemptions.” Customers who booked through a travel agent or a tour operator cannot access this scheme and will need to contact the company that handled the original booking. During the first months of the pandemic, many flights were cancelled as passengers were banned from travel. Although some British tourists were able to access refunds straight away, others are still trying to get money back. Which? Travel warned that some scams are targeting British tourists by pretending to offer refunds. Passengers should contact British Airways if they are unsure whether they are eligible for a refund. Future Travel Vouchers can be used to pay or partly pay for new British Airways flights.