Changing Rooms star Laurence Llewellyn-Bowen, 57, has given Stacey Solomon and her friend Sophie Hinchliffe, best known as Mrs Hinch, the cold-shoulder after he was asked what he thinks of their Essex homes. Giving his thoughts on their interior design tips, which they offer to their legions of social media followers, Laurence quipped: “I haven’t seen their work.... but I’m sure they’ve seen mine." He didn't stop there and alluded that they could use some of the advice he will be giving at this month's Ideal Home Show. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the outspoken star joked: “Who knows, they may be in the audience at one of my talks at this year’s Ideal Home Show, in disguise.” Laurence has previously been vocal about his lack of enthusiasm regarding Stacey and Mrs Hinch’s decor. The flamboyant TV personality said in November that he wished DIY-ers would steer clear of “Stacey Solomon grey” and showcase their personality instead. READ MORE:The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea addresses 'pressure' behind scenes As he walked the red carpet for the Together For Short Lives Ball, he spoke to The Mirror and urged Stacey to: “Move on from the bl***y grey!" His disdain for the shade didn't stop there, and he also took aim at influencer Mrs Hinch in an interview published on Thursday. Laurence told the aforementioned publication that he hoped people would rebel against “the four grey walls of Mrs Hinch”. He explained that before the pandemic, he thought: "We were bullied by the estate agents and the Mrs Hinches of the world, to grey it all down”. However, he says that lockdown has proven a home “isn't just a pile of cash” and is a “shelter”. The famous designer continued: “People felt imprisoned by the four grey walls of Hinch. "And they really did feel that somehow, 'What’s happened to me? Why am I now surrounded by this palette of meh?'” Laurence's vendetta against the colour grey spans back to last June, when he once again gave a dig about Mrs Hinch's home. DON'T MISSJudge Robert Rinder hits out at criticism over planned Ukraine trip[LATEST]F1 Christian Horner aims swipe at wife Geri Halliwell[INSIGHT]Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year'[NEWS] Writing for The Sun, he branded grey the “hue of depression” and “colour of death”. And added that, “Mrs Hinch-inspired grey homes have no personality and look like a 1980s bank branch", and that Spitting Image “made John Major grey for good reason”. It comes as the designer will be cutting the ribbon at this year’s Ideal Home Show and giving his decorating tips. He said he is “so looking forward” to being back at the show and assured visitors he had to attend because it “wouldn’t be a party without him”. He explained: “I’m so looking forward to being back at the Ideal Home Show, oh my God hasn’t it been appalling the last few years cowering in our homes waiting for the pandemic to pass without the Ideal Home Show? "It's been very difficult to really get the levels of inspiration and excitement that this British institution has always brought to our homes. “I will be cutting the ribbon, which is something of an anniversary for me, the first time I did it was 2012 so I’m celebrating my 10th anniversary as ribbon cutter." The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, which is the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London from Friday 11th to Sunday 27th March 2022. Laurence will be at the show on Friday 11th and Saturday 19th March. For more information and tickets, please visit  idealhomeshow.co.uk