Prince Harry reportedly gave Paddy McGuinness a “smacker on the lips” in front of everyone, with the comedian now branding him an “absolute legend”. The wild antics are said to have gone down just weeks before the Duke of Sussex met his future wife Meghan Markle. TV presenter Paddy revealed all in his new autobiography, My Lifey, which was published yesterday. The star claims that his booze-fuelled night with the Prince took place after a Soccer Aid party in June 2016. Paddy described how things got physical between him and the royal when they started dancing together, even sharing a kiss as the night went on. Paddy recalled that the Prince vanished soon after, leaving everyone gobsmacked but in agreement that Harry was an “absolute legend”, reports The Sun. READ MORE: Sheila Ferguson plans to confront Prince Charles over romance issue  The drunken bash was arranged by comedian Jack Whitehall at Jak's nightclub on the famous King’s Road in Chelsea, West London. According to Paddy, it was there that the pair engaged in a serious dance off. He said: “To say we were dancing close was an understatement — our chests were touching. “He asked me again if I could send him to Fernando’s." McGuiness also tells this story in his 2021 autobiography 'My Lifey'. READ MORE Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels'' [INSIGHT]Shoot anything that f******g moved!' Noel Gallagher on WW3 fear [COMMENT]Keith Richards still 'recovering' after Charlie Watts death [REVEALED]  The Top Gear host described how the royal had been desperate to visit the island - a fictional getaway destination for couples on his ITV dating show Take Me Out. “He then proceeded to take my shirt off,” Paddy continued. “So now I’m topless, a bottle of beer in each hand, dancing with Prince Harry.” The comedian remembered the Prince vanishing after that, before returning with Jagerbombs for everyone and then engaging him in a dance-off once again.  “We finished dancing and while everyone was cheering, we embraced and he gave me a smacker on the lips,” Paddy claimed. The crowd, which included One Direction members and football legends alike, were reportedly taken aback by the sight. The party was full of celebrities and ex-pro footballers, who were there to watch the charity football match between England and the Rest of the World at Old Trafford the next day. Prince Harry allegedly asked the comedian how his head was the next day and also texted Jack to thank everyone for a great night. Express.co.uk had reached out to Prince Harry for further comment. The day after the party England went on to beat the Rest of the World 3-2 in the Unicef charity match.  Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels'' Shoot anything that f******g moved!' Noel Gallagher on WW3 fear Keith Richards still 'recovering' after Charlie Watts death  The England team were led by coaching duo Jose Mourinho and Sam Allardyce, with TV presenter Bradley Walsh taking up an assistant role on the bench. Claudio Ranieri, who managed Leicester to the Premier League title, led the Rest of the World side, assisted by One Direction's Niall Horan. Celebrity players included singer Olly Murs, TOWIE’s Mark Wright, Glee actor Matthew Morrison and Game of Thrones star Iwan Rheon. The signed My Lifey Hardback edition was released in October 2021. Waterstones describes the book as: "From a tearaway youth in Bolton to Take Me Out and telly stardom, the comedy favourite spins his wildly entertaining life story through laugh-out-loud anecdotes and the occasional moving moment."