An independent expert panel upheld the findings of an investigation by the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Stone. It concluded the former House of Commons Speaker was a "serial bully" who "repeatedly and extensively" berated staff. The 89-page report outlines in extraordinary detail the behaviour of the now-disgraced ex-Parliamentarian, including two occasions of throwing his phone and excessive swearing at staff. It stated that the conduct of the former Speaker was so bad that if he was still an MP "he should be expelled". Mr Bercow has issued a furious response to the findings, lashing out at the expert panel's verdict as a "travesty of justice" and describing the investigation against him as a "protracted, amateurish and unjust process". He said he has "never applied for" a Parliamentary pass and does not want one. READ MORE: John Bercow and Lindsay Hoyle at war: Speakers clash on MP's treatment In a statement, he said: "All I can say is that the case against me would have been thrown out by any court in the land since it is based on the flimsiest of evidence, rooted in hearsay and baseless rumour, and advanced by old school dogmatists once intent on resisting change at all costs and now settling some ancient scores with me. "Add to that a dash of personal spite and you have some idea of the vengeful vendetta mounted against me. "It is a travesty of justice and brings shame on the House of Commons. "This has been a protracted, amateurish and unjust process which would not have survived five minutes' scrutiny in court. To describe what I have experienced as a kangaroo court is grossly insulting to kangaroos. None of the investigators is a lawyer and the commissioner overseeing them has no expertise whatsoever in the consideration of alleged bullying. "Throughout, gossip from absent friends of the complainants has been treated as the absolute truth whilst eyewitnesses who challenged the allegations were described as 'not helpful' and discounted. The commissioner even presumed to make findings on matters about which I was never questioned." While Mr Bercow will still be able to attend Parliament as a visitor, his right as a former MP to have a pass to the estate has been removed. DON'T MISS:No ‘golden handshake!’ Bercow gave Starmer no warning on Labour switch [INSIGHT]Lindsay Hoyle praised by think tank for departing from partisan Bercow [REACTION]John Bercow invokes Tory fury as he breaks pension promise [UPDATE] He was made the chief officer and highest authority of the House of Commons in 2009 and remained in the position up until just before the 2019 general election. Accusations of bullying by the former Speaker had circulated for years. "This shambolic investigation has been a disgrace to a democratic Parliament," the former Buckinghamshire MP added in his fervent response to today's conclusions. "It is a blatant stitch up and beneath contempt." Dave Penman, general secretary of the FDA union which represents senior civil servants, said the reaction from Mr Bercow was telling his behaviour while overseeing the Commons. He said: "No remorse, no contrition and willing to sacrifice the first independent process that investigates complaints, simply to save his own reputation. "No wonder bullying flourished unchallenged under his time as Speaker." Mr Bercow's ten-year tenure in the chair made him the longest-serving Speaker of the House of Commons since 1945. Over that time period he became a severely divisive figure, often accused of letting his own opinions dictate his rulings in the chair. Brexiteers believe he deliberately plotted with Remainers to try and thwart the UK's exit from the EU. Tory MP Marcus Fysh this morning said Mr Bercow " nearly took down our democracy" in exerting his influence during Brexit debates. Meanwhile, Andrew Bridgen has called on Labour to now suspend the former Speaker as a member. Mr Bridgen was a Conservative while an MP but switched sides after he stepped down from his role as Speaker.