Victoria Beckham, 47, posed in a tiny black bikini in a sweet birthday post to her eldest son, Brooklyn, as he turns 23. On Instagram, Victoria shared a snap of her and a young Brooklyn having lunch on holiday. Victoria looked youthful with her iconic dark pixie cut as she cradled Brooklyn under some palm trees in front of a bright blue ocean and white sand.The mum-of-four looked lovingly at her first-born as he munched on a banana.In a heartfelt message to her son, the former Spice Girl penned in view of her 29.5 million followers: “23 years ago today my life changed forever.“I felt a love impossible to explain. READ MORE:Piers Morgan left ‘utterly devastated’ over the death of Shane Warne “Brooklyn, you have no idea how much we all love you.  “Happy Birthday to the sweetest, kindest soul.”Thousands of Victoria’s followers and famous friends took to the comments to wish Brooklyn a happy birthday.Eva Longoria said: “Happy Birthday Brooklyn!!!” Mel C added: “Happy Birthday Brooklyn.” And David Gardner shared three heart emojis. Victoria’s other half, David, posted his own tribute to their eldest son. The football ace shared a comical snap of himself in the 1990s with bleached hair, holding baby Brooklyn. DON'T MISSShane Warne Liz Hurley romance: Inside late cricketer's relationship[LATEST]Shane Warne 'missed the love' with Liz Hurley on 'happiest' days[INSIGHT]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[NEWS] He wrote: “Happy Birthday to my amazing boy. Happy Birthday Bust we love you so much. Have the most amazing day.” Along with Brooklyn, David and Victoria also share Romeo, 19, Cruz, 17, and Harper, 10. Brooklyn celebrated his big day with an enormous cake made with layers of cookies, rainbow cereal, melted chocolate and strawberries. The budding photographer posted a snap of him blowing out his candles with the caption: “Today I turned 23. “The past 23 years have been an absolute rollercoaster and now I am coming to the most important part in my life, the part where I get to marry my other half xx. “I’m so excited for the next part of my life.” Brooklyn will marry his fiance, Nicola Peltz, later this year after getting engaged in 2020.