Arsenal are reportedly prepared to go head to head with Aston Villa to secure the signature of Barcelona playmaker Philippe Coutinho. The Brazilian has impressed since returning to the Premier League, but whether he is capable of justifying his bumper wages remains to be seen. Barca have been keen to offload Coutinho for some time, and Steven Gerrard taking a chance on his former team-mate has perfectly placed the midfielder in the shop window for the La Liga side. The former Liverpool star has scored four and assisted three for Villa since completing the loan move in the January transfer window. Villa are able to trigger the buyout clause of £33million for Coutinho in the summer if they wish, which is the remaining amount that Barca owe to Liverpool for the midfielder. But if Gerrard and his side opt to pass up on the chance, Arsenal are ready and waiting. Mundo Deportivo have reported that the Gunners have ‘positioned themselves’ to complete the signing. Although the North London outfit, on paper, do not desperately need an attacking midfielder, Coutinho’s last few performances have really caught their eye. JUST IN: Arsenal scouts eyeing Valencia stars on international duty One hitch, however, is the 29-year-old’s significant wages could prove unattractive to both Arsenal and Villa. The report goes on to state that Coutinho is on a £20m gross per year contract, which is deemed a ‘stumbling block’ for both sides. The former Inter Milan player’s contract expires in 2023 so if either side are feeling brave, they could bank on acquiring the services of the Barca star on a free transfer at the end of next season – though he would be older and could have moved elsewhere by that time. DON'T MISS  Mundo reports that at both Bayern Munich, where he went on loan in 2019, and Villa, Coutinho has shown a willingness to take a pay cut, and therefore if he is keen for a move, then he may have to be prepared to see his wages drop again on a permanent basis. Villa currently sit in 9th position in the Premier League and have improved markedly for the arrival of Coutinho, and given their financial position, they may be willing to splash the cash on a weekly basis for the versatile midfielder if he can take them one step closer to European football. On the other hand, Champions League football could prove persuasive for the Brazil international, which Arsenal look set to achieve thanks to their terrific form of late.