The veteran broadcaster drew comparisons with Nazi Germany over reports of forced relocations of Ukrainian citizens from the besieged city of Mariupol to work in Russia. Mr Neil praised the bravery of those fighting against Moscow's forces in a post on social media. The former BBC presenter blasted Putin on Twitter, accusing the Russian President of generating slave labour from his invasion. He said: "Southern Ukrainian city of Mariupol now living hell. Russian forces launch indiscriminate attacks on civilian population, organise forced deportations of Ukrainians to Russia. "Yet still Ukrainians will not surrender. Russians taking Ukrainian citizens to so called 'filtration camps' then relocating them to distant parts of Russia to work for free. "In other words slave labour. Straight out of Nazi Germany playbook." Reports that thousands of Mariupol's residents have been abducted remain unverified. Ukrainian MP Inna Sovsun said that, according to information being shared by the city's mayor, citizens were effectively being "relocated" by Moscow. Speaking to Times Radio, Ms Sovsun said Russia was following "the logic of Nazi Germany". She said: "From what we know from the city mayor and the city council, is they are taking Ukrainian citizens. READ MORE: Putin hit with betrayal as Belarusian troops turn on Russian war "They are sending them through what are called the 'filtration camps' and then they are being relocated to very distant parts of Russia, where they are being forced to sign papers (saying) that they will stay in that area for two or three years and they will work for free in those areas." Ms Sovsun agreed when it was put to her that what she was describing was "effectively slave labour". Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she was "appalled" by the reports. Ms Truss tweeted: "I am appalled by Russian atrocities in Mariupol, including attacks on schools sheltering civilians and the abduction and deportation of Ukrainians. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Russian offensive on Kyiv stalls as Moscow [LIVE BLOG]EU poised for major row over 'no taboo' Putin sanctions TODAY [INSIGHT]Verhofstadt savaged over claims Ukraine would be more free in EU [ANALYSIS] "Putin is resorting to desperate measures as he is not achieving his objectives. "Putin and his regime will be held to account." Mariupol is in the throes of a humanitarian emergency after being encircled by Russian troops. The south-east coastal city has been cut off from energy, food and water supplies and is facing relentless bombardment. The Kremlin issued an ultimatum for Ukrainian soldiers to put down their weapons by the early hours of Monday but Kyiv rejected the offer. If the port city is captured it would mark a rare advance by Russia in the face of fierce Ukrainian resistance. 