Up to 20 fire engines were called to a derelict mill in Hermitage Lane, Mansfield. Crews had been called to the scene at around 3am on Monday morning to tackle the blaze.  Images from the scene show large plumes of smoke coming from the building, and local residents were advised to keep all doors and windows shut. The fire service said the blaze was brought under control from outside the building, as parts of the structure were collapsing. They added that two aerial ladder platforms were used, in addition to the fire engines at the scene, to bring the blaze under control. According to online reports, the fire could be seen from Ladybrook.  In a tweet at 3.39am, Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service said: "3am - A number of fire engines are present at a derelict building in Hermitage Lane, Mansfield. Please avoid the area." At 5.45am, the fire service said: "With 20 fire engines on scene and two Aerial Ladder Platforms the fire on Hermitage Lane, Mansfield, is being brought under control. Four main hose reel jets used and fire tackled from the outside due to collapsing parts of the building." As a result of the incident, Nottinghamshire Police said Hermitage Lane was closed in both directions between the A38 Sutton Road and Hamilton Way, and motorists were asked to plan alternative routes. The force issued a statement noting officers were assisting colleagues from Nottinghamshire Fire and Rescue Service and East Midlands Ambulance Service with the "large-scale" fire. READ MORE: Stunning images as military vessels including Royal Navy skim UK coast Chief Inspector Paul Hennessy, of Nottinghamshire Police, said: “We would please ask drivers and the public to stay away from the area while emergency services deal with this large-scale incident and to plan alternate routes while we have roads closed in the surrounding areas. “Residents are advised to keep all doors and windows shut in the area, at this time there are no plans to evacuate any local residents.” At 6.37am, fire service incident commander Bryn Coleman said the blaze in the former Hermitage Mill had now been contained. He said firefighters from Derbyshire and South Yorkshire had also been called on to help with the incident. DON'T MISS Do YOU think pensioners have been let down by Tory Party? [POLL] UK covid infections surge - Is your area one of the worst hotspots? [INSIGHT]'It's like a Little Britain sketch', MP's alleged killer told police [REPORT] At 8am, there were reports from local residents that traffic is impacted in the area. Nottinghamshire Live reports that those waiting to get to work "could be waiting hours". The outlet quoted Michael Mikolajczyk, 32, who works for Screwfix nearby, who said: "It’s pretty bad up the top end as well, there’s a fair bit of traffic that’s building. We’ve been told we could be waiting here hours." The fire and rescue service later issued an update at 6.46am accompanied by images of the blaze. The tweet said: "Some fire engines are now leaving the scene at #HermitageLane ... this is what they were dealing with just a few hours ago. "Thanks to all in the local area for your patience and understanding." Anyone with any information about the incident is asked to call Nottinghamshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 66 of 28 March 2022. 