Yesterday the UK announced that it would be phasing out purchases of Russian oil and gas as a way to choke Russia’s economy following its invasion of Ukraine. The decision has served as a rallying cry for those keen to turn to domestic fracking as a new source of energy for the UK - with a focal point being the gas wells in Lancashire. Fracking firm Cuadrilla was told to plug the Preston New Road site in November 2019 by the Oil and Gas Authority, after it caused two minor earthquakes. However, there are now calls to restart the process, which involves drilling down into the earth, as an alternative source of energy to Russian gas. Conservative frontbencher Lord Callanan criticised the idea, claiming that “Lancashire is not Texas”, and is much more heavily populated. He added that shale gas production has “severe environmental problems”. Responding to an urgent question in Parliament, Lord Callanan said: “The UK is in no way dependent on Russian gas. In 2021 it made up less than four percent of supply. “Most of our gas came from domestic production and reliable suppliers, such as Norway. “To boost energy security, we need to generate more domestic renewable power.” However Conservative former cabinet minister Lord Forsyth of Drumlean pressed the government to pursue fracking as an alternative. He said: “Whilst all want a cleaner, greener future, surely we have a duty to put the maximum pressure on President Putin at this time when the situation in Ukraine is beyond grim. “Should we not therefore be developing our own resources in the North Sea, our own resources through fracking, our own resources through nuclear power in order to guarantee security of supply which surely must be the first duty of any Government?” While Lord Callanan agreed on applying pressure on Putin and investing in North Sea oil and nuclear power, he drew a line at fracking. He said: “It is not the silver bullet many people think, and later highlighted the “severe environmental problems with fracking operations.” READ MORE: Poignant pictures show US bombers at UK airbase amid World War 3 fears [INSIGHT] He said: “Lancashire is not Texas. It is much more heavily populated. Fracking is a relatively unproven technology in the UK. “The reality is that it would be many years if not decades before we got meaningful quantities of gas out of the ground, even if we could resolve all of the environmental problems. “None of that would affect the current price. We wouldn’t be producing anywhere near enough gas to affect the high prices in an international market. “Much as I would love it to be the case, it really is not the silver bullet that people think it is.” Cuadrilla have said as things stand it will still plug the shale wells but remains "open to any other proposals" from the Government. Greenpeace UK head of energy Rosie Rogers said: "After a decade of hype and bluster, all the fracking industry has given us are two holes in a muddy field and some minor earthquakes. DON'T MISS: Russia set to launch 'assault' on Ukrainian capital Kyiv [INSIGHT]EXPERT reveals how to psychologically beat 'malignant narcissist Putin [ANALYSIS]Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [REVEAL] "Trying to restart fracking now would only mean wasting more time when we have little. It will take many years to develop and if it ever gets produced, it will be sold to the highest bidder on the international market, with no impact on our energy bills." She argued that the Government should focus on freeing the UK from gas dependence, rather than going back to fracking. Robert Jenrick, a former communities secretary, called for a "more pragmatic energy policy" that would ease soaring bills while the UK strives to hit net zero. He told BBC Newsnight: “I personally was always a supporter of fracking, I don't think it's a quick fix, but I think we should be revisiting that question.” The Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy and No 10 are yet to comment on the fracking reports.