Formula One's Lewis Hamilton is due to take on the new Grand Prix season this weekend, with hopes to steal the world title back from Max Verstappen, who controversially won last season in Abu Dhabi. Aside from F1 however, Hamilton usually makes headlines for his dating life, often pictured having rumoured romances with high-profile celebrities. Despite the extensive dating profile, Hamilton has maintained his career always comes first. In 2017, Hamilton said: "My cars are my babies. I used to say, when I had a girlfriend, 'I’m taking one of the girls out, so you can come if you want, but you come second when it comes to the cars'.” The seven-time World Drivers' Championship winner’s most famous relationship was with Nicole Scherzinger, who he dated on-off for eight years until splitting in 2015, with multiple flings reported either side however, it has seemed pretty quiet for Hamilton on the dating front recently. Most recently, Hamilton, 37, was seen to be dating model Camila Kendra, 28. READ MORE: Max Verstappen girlfriend: Who is Kelly Piquet?   The couple had reportedly grown close around August time last year as fans spotted Ms Kendra posting pictures from inside Hamilton’s house on Instagram. However, the couple is now said to have split, with news of this circulating around the beginning of March. According to a source, their relationship has "cooled off now" and Camila has unfollowed Lewis on Instagram. The source told to The Sun: "She was staying at his home in Colorado and although they had been pals for many years, Camila developed feelings for him and it became more romantic."  They continued: "It's cooled off now though and Camila is no longer with Lewis. She's stopped following him on Instagram too." His expansive dating history in the public eye dates back to his up-and-coming days in 2002, with model and TV personality Danielle Lloyd. The former Miss England is said to have dated Hamilton for around six months before it was amicably broken off, as the couple remained friends for some years after. The Formula One driver went on to date Jodia Ma, whom he met during his studies at the Cambridge School of Arts and Science, from 2003 - 2007 before moving to Pussycat Doll Nicole Scherzinger.  DON'T MISS: F1 chiefs threaten to axe Monaco and Belgian Grands Prix [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton's strict diet and exercise regime to keep in shape [EXPLAINED]Max Verstappen’s controversial racing style torn apart [ANALYSIS]    The romance often made headlines while both Hamilton and Ms Scherzinger’s careers took off, the couple were very much in the public eye. However, after eight on-off years, the pair parted ways for good in 2015, with their busy schedules attributed to the split. Speaking on the relationship, Ms Scherzinger claimed the couple had become too “comfortable”. She said: “Sometimes people stay in relationships because they get complacent, because it's comfortable for them, because they don't want to be alone.” Since, Hamilton has been rumoured to have had numerous flings - including with the likes of Rihanna, Nicki Minaj and Kendall Jenner, but these have never been confirmed. 