The celebrity TV chef is back on screens again this week for the launch of his brand new series, Future Food Stars. Gordon Ramsay will challenge 12 expert foodies to a gauntlet of tough tasks for the chance of winning a £150,000 investment in their business. Unfortunately, the BBC show’s famous host was often let down by some of the mistakes made during the competition. Gordon admitted he was disappointed when the contenders failed to own up to their mistakes during his new series. This week’s premiere of Future Food Stars will introduce BBC viewers to 12 food and drink entrepreneurs who will battle it out for a chance at an investment from the celebrity restaurateur. While the dozen foodies are experts in their field, some of them fare better than others during the series and one contestant will be sent home each week. When asked how he felt about the eliminations, Gordon maintained that the hopeful chefs should be able to take responsibility for their actions. READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security “Accountability,” he explained to Express.co.uk and other press. “You know, when you make a mistake, then own it. “Don’t half own it and bulls**t that it wasn’t your responsibility.” The 12 contestants proved their dedication to the challenge by cliff-jumping off the Cornish coast at the start of the new series. However, the next task somehow proved more difficult for some of the chefs and yielded some bizarre food combinations which baffled the short-tempered host. At the show’s preview in London, Gordon quipped: “I don’t want to see a f*****g monkfish in a taco. That was pretty evident.” Viewers will have to tune in each Thursday night to find out who will be sent home as Future Food Stars continues over the coming weeks. While many of them will have just missed out on getting through to the next round by a hair’s breadth, Gordon admitted he was disappointed by some of their performances. He recalled: “I suppose it was just that level of accountability was disappointing.” DON'T MISS:House of the Dragon release date set for August 2022 [UPDATE]Power Book 4: Walter and Serbian war teased in promo [VIDEO]Eloise Bridgerton husband: Who does Eloise marry? [SPOILERS] “Because in business, I say it to the kids every day, the earlier you tell me the more I can do.” Gordon has built a veritable food empire over the course of his career, with almost 20 restaurants currently open worldwide. His dedication to the craft of cooking has made him one of the most successful chefs in the world, so it’s no surprise he’s let down when the contestants fail to live up to his standards. He added: “I’m not going to solve your problem but I will give you a solution. And it’s the same in business.” “That’s a really important message for those businesses. Own it now. What’s the solution, what can we work out and what’s the Plan B?” Inspired by shows like The Apprentice, Gordon also hoped the series would “rub Alan Sugar’s feathers the wrong way". “I think I've lost a customer there,” he joked. “Who gives a f**k?” Future Food Stars certainly follows a similar format, so it should thrill Apprentice fans now the entrepreneurial BBC show has come to the end of its 16th series. Future Food Stars begins Thursday, March 31 at 9pm on BBC One.