In a fiery BBC Question Time row between Helle Thorning-Schmidt and Nadhim Zahawi over the UK's efforts to support Ukrainians against Russia, the former Danish Prime Minister was put in place. She said: "First of all, you said something that almost made me chuckle before when you said that Putin will think the UK's leading the efforts against Russia right now. "Of course, it's not. The European Union is leading the effort against Russia. "I don't think they'll see Boris Johnson as a particular leader in this field. "Just to set that straight." Mr Zahawi interjected: "It should be a team effort, coordinated which it is." READ MORE: Remainers humiliated after backing Bercow 'top tier embarrassing' Ms Thorning-Schmidt continued: "You said Russia would see the UK as a leader and I don't know why they would do that." Mr Zahawi had previously said in the show: "When you have a maligned start like Russia which sees the UK as leading the coordination effort with military, lethal and defensive weapons." It comes just a day after Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky thanked Prime Minister Boris Johnson after appearing the House of Commons in a historic address. The leader invoked British war leader Sir Winston Churchill in an emotional address to MPs, vowing to fight invading Russian troops in the air, sea and on the streets.  In a speech to the House of Commons that was greeted before and after by standing ovations, Mr Zelensky repeated his call for a no-fly zone to be established by the West, begging for the UK to "make sure that our Ukrainian skies are safe". The historic address came shortly after Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng announced the UK will phase out the import of Russian oil and oil products by the end of the year as part of a ratcheting up of sanctions on Moscow for the attack, which was launched on February 24. Elsewhere, there has been frustration at the slow progress in processing Ukrainian refugees, with Defence Secretary Ben Wallace offering military support to the Home Office to help deal with the backlog of people trying to get into the UK. DON'T MISS Bercow shot himself in the foot over Brexit with 'obvious partiality' [INSIGHT]Brexit news: 'Petty spats feel pathetic!' Lammy slams Brexit talks [VIDEO]Remainer's shameful attack -'Brexiteers won't accept Ukraine refugees' [ANALYSIS] During his address to the Commons, Mr Zelensky - who is said to have to keep his whereabouts a secret due to the threat of assassination in Kyiv - appealed to MPs by quoting from Shakespeare and paraphrasing Churchill. In a nod to one of the former British prime minister's most inspiring speeches of the war, Mr Zelensky said: "We will fight until the end, at sea, in the air. We will continue fighting for our land, whatever the cost. "We will fight in the forest, in the fields, on the shores, in the streets." Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who received a personal thanks from Mr Zelensky for his support, told the Commons after the speech that "never before in all our centuries of our parliamentary democracy has the House listened to such an address".