Netflix mini-series Inventing Anna came out on the streaming service last month, telling the tale of how a journalist investigated the Instagram-lifestyle of Anna Delvey (played by Julia Garner), who won over the hearts of the New York elites. Little did they know that she had faked her backstory, racking up bills from hotels and banks and taking thousands of pounds from friends. As the drama shows, Anna Delvey, whose real surname is Sorokin, got her comeuppance in the end. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Inventing Anna.Sorokin was arrested for her crimes in 2017 after a sting operation by the Los Angeles Police Department, planned by the Manhattan District Attorney's office. Her former friend Rachel DeLoache Williams, who Sorokin allegedly swindled more than $60,000 out of during a trip to Marrakesh, was involved in the operation. Sorokin was transferred to Rikers Island where she was held without bail and three weeks later, indicted for stealing around $275,000 through various scams. Her case went to trial in 2019 and in preparation for it, the fake German heiress hired a stylist. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up She hired stylist Anastacia Walker to help her with the "courtroom look" with her trial taking place at the New York State Supreme Court. Sorokin was seen on one of the days wearing a choker necklace and a black dress which is from Miu Miu, according to the New York Post. Speaking to ELLE.com about what she and Sorokin spoke about, designer Walker explained: "Anna and I talked on the phone about what she was interested in wearing. "I couldn't show her photographs, but as people interested in fashion, we spoke in references about the themes she wanted to come through [in her outfits]." Author of The Psychology of Fashion, Professor Carolyn Mair has spoken about the importance of what to wear while appearing on trial. "Evidence shows that judges and juries can be swayed by appearance," she explained to Evening Standard. "The best court attire for women is generally a tailored suit with a shirt or a blouse and low heels. "These styles have positive socio-cultural associations of working middle-class people who follow rules. "In addition, this style helps the defendant blend in with the system of the law. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon's £30 earrings make huge profit [VIDEO]Next James Bond: Tom Hardy stonewalled by Netflix actors for 007 role [CAST]Top Boy fans fume as major character killed in trailer [REACTION] She continued that wearing clothes that don't make a statement "demonstrates respect for and awareness of the law". Despite her outfit choices, in April 2019 Sorokin was convicted of eight charges, including second-degree grand larceny and theft of services. The following month, she was sentenced to four to 12 years in prison, fined $24,000 and ordered to pay restitution to her victims. Netflix reportedly paid Sorokin a hefty sum for her story which was used to pay some of these fees. Sorokin spent time in the Albion Correctional Facility before being released on parole in February 2021. Six weeks later, she found herself in custody at the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detention centre in upstate New York. This is due to her overstaying her visa and Sorokin now faces deportation. Inventing Anna is available to watch on Netflix.