Julia Bradbury, 51, has taken to Instagram to speak up about how she has to be very careful at work, after being forced to “re-examine” her life due to her cancer diagnosis. The star has explained that she has taken the decision to find “cleaner” make-up products with less "toxins". Julia explained she works with several make-up artists who are helping her move towards cleaner brands. Julia explained on Instagram today that she previously used a lot of damaging and environmentally problematic products on her face and body. She added that her breast cancer diagnosis has urged her to re-think her use of various products. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win The former Countryfile presenter admitted that it’s been difficult for her to, for example, cut out plastic, which has been made more challenging in the 21st century, she said. She wrote: “I work with several amazing make-up artists & they've all started the mission of finding me 'clean' make-up - foundations and products that contain less harsh chemicals. “It's not easy! And realise how much c**p I was putting on my face & body almost daily. “Mini quantities of toxins that are harmless in tiny measures, but can have an impact over time. “My #breastcancer diagnosis has made me reexamine the environmental toxins in my life. “We know for example that plastic is an endocrine disruptor - a hormone disruptor - and I've long tried to avoid plastic when it comes to food/food packaging. Also very hard in the 21st century!” In the short clip, Julia and her friend Alice can be seen experimenting with make-up products. Julia explained in the video: “We’re trying to swap out and use as many natural, chemical free products as we can.” DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] Fans and friends jumped on to the video to express their well wishes and congratulate Julia on her foray into alternative beauty products. @Oriordanliz wrote: “I can really recommend @tropicskincare. “Cruelty free environmentally friendly natural ingredients and they give to charity as well. @Hippyyiogiom commented: “Love this post thank Julia I know what you mean I've been wondering what make up to use since finishing my chemo.” On the weekend, Julia got together with her family for a short holiday in the Peak District. As a lifelong lover of the outdoors and of nature, Julia grew closer to this lifestyle following her breast cancer diagnosis. She explained that reconnecting with nature was a vital way for her to heal. On Saturday, the star said she had an “emotional” hike up Mam Tor, also known as Mother Hill mountain in the Peaks.