If you grew up in the 1980s, then chances are you know a thing or two about Atari. Indeed, before the likes of Nintendo, Sega, Sony and Microsoft took over the console market, Atari was a dominant force, both at home and in the arcade. And while many of those classic Atari games don't look all that great now, they remain as addictive as ever. If you need more convincing, you'll be pleased to hear that modern remakes of two Atari classics are currently free to download and keep. This includes cult classic Black Widow, as well as my personal favourite Atari game, Centipede. Black Widow Recharged and Centipede Recharged are both currently available to download for free on the Epic Games Store. Featuring stylish visuals, brand new power-ups and online leaderboards, Black Widow and Centipede Recharged are free to download and keep until March 10. From 4pm GMT on March 10, Epic customers will be able to download SimCity rival Cities Skylines. All you've got to do is create an Epic Games Store account, login and redeem this week's free games. Once that's done, you're free to keep the games forever. In case you've never played Black Widow or Centipede, Atari explains more: "The original cult classic arachnid-starring, twin-stick shooter returns! Black Widow: Recharged has been reimagined for modern gameplay, with vibrant visuals, powerful new abilities, and another original soundtrack from award-winning video game composer Megan McDuffee. "Aim for a high score in the old school arcade mode and earn bragging rights with your name at the top of the leaderboard. Or test your skills and rank on the boards in one of 30 intensely creative challenges, which twist the gameplay in new and exciting ways." Centipede, meanwhile, is another arcade-style shooter in which players must aim for the high-score. "The original bug-blasting arcade game is back! Centipede: Recharged has been reimagined for modern gameplay, with vibrant visuals designed for modern screens, a 16:9 field of play, and an original soundtrack from award-winning video game composer Megan McDuffee. "Aim for a high score in the old school arcade mode and earn bragging rights with your name at the top of the leaderboard. Or test your skills and rank on the boards in one of 30 intensely creative challenges, which twist the gameplay in new and exciting ways. "A dozen new power-ups can give you an edge by introducing abilities like screen-clearing explosions, rail guns, and even slowing down time. Every mode and level is playable in local co-op mode with a friend." Centipede, meanwhile, is another arcade-style shooter in which players must aim for the high-score. "The original bug-blasting arcade game is back! Centipede: Recharged has been reimagined for modern gameplay, with vibrant visuals designed for modern screens, a 16:9 field of play, and an original soundtrack from award-winning video game composer Megan McDuffee. "Aim for a high score in the old school arcade mode and earn bragging rights with your name at the top of the leaderboard. Or test your skills and rank on the boards in one of 30 intensely creative challenges, which twist the gameplay in new and exciting ways. "A dozen new power-ups can give you an edge by introducing abilities like screen-clearing explosions, rail guns, and even slowing down time. Every mode and level is playable in local co-op mode with a friend."