Since launching its full-scale invasion of Ukraine six days ago, Russia has launched up to 380 missiles into the country as of last night. Leaders in the West have made it very clear they have no intention to fight Russia and “put boots on the ground” as Ukraine is not a member of NATO, however US President Joe Biden stated they will “defend every inch of NATO territory”. So, if Russia transcends Ukraine into a NATO country, there is a high risk of confrontation between NATO countries and Russia. Despite this, experts do say nuclear war is still very unlikely - but not impossible. As Vladimir Putin put Russia’s nuclear deterrence forces on high alert on Sunday, Express.co.uk explores the threat nuclear bombs would pose and how widespread the fallout can be. READ MORE: 'Money is worthless everyone is panicking' – Nightmare grips Russia   Just one nuclear weapon has the power to wipe out an entire city. When detonated, a nuclear bomb produces a flash of light and a large fireball, vaporising everything inside it - including soil and water - carrying all items upwards, creating the mushroom cloud. Radioactive material from the nuclear bomb mixes with the mushroom cloud and forms dust particles, which then fall back to earth and is referred to as ‘fallout’. The fallout is carried with the wind and can reach hundreds of miles away from the initial explosion, contaminating anything it lands on. The effects of a nuclear bomb explosion very much depends on the size of the bomb.  Today’s nuclear bombs are much more powerful than the ones last used in World War 2, which carried a blast yield of around 15 to 22 kilotons. The most powerful nuclear bomb recorded today is 1,200 kilotons, meaning the spread and the impact would be much more severe. The immediate blast would stretch more than half a mile in all directions, incinerating people, buildings - everything inside the explosion, immediately. Those up to five miles outside of it could suffer third-degree burns, and those up to seven miles away would experience second and first degree-burns. People up to 53 miles away could experience temporary blindness or severe burns to the retina if looking directly at the blast. People in surrounding areas of the blast site would be exposed to high levels of radiation due to the nuclear fallout, which would damage the body’s cells leading to severe and long-term illness and death. DON'T MISS: Elon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [ANALYSIS]Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels [EXPLAINED]      The bigger the nuclear bomb, the bigger the radius. The largest nuclear weapon ever detonated was the Tsar Bomba, which was set off by the Soviet Union in 1961. The bomb sent a mushroom cloud up 4.5 times the height of Mount Everest, sending shockwaves around the earth three times. Now, the bombs are much larger and areas up to 55 miles away from the initial explosion could feel the effects. Fallout, however, can circulate around the world for years until it gradually falls back down to Earth, and can land hundreds of miles away from ground zero - the point directly above or below the detonation of a nuclear bomb.  Mr Putin ordered the Russian military to “transfer the deterrence forces” to a special mode of combat duty. Widely interpreted as a reference to nuclear weapons, Pavel Podvig, who is described as an expert on Russian nuclear forces, tweeted this most likely means “the nuclear command and control system received what is known as a preliminary command”. This means the system would have been turned on and in effect, would allow “a launch order” to “go through if issued”. However, experts widely describe the event of nuclear war as very unlikely, due to the mass costs for all involved. UK defence secretary Ben Wallace told BBC Breakfast: “This is predominantly about Putin putting it on the table just to remind people, remind the world, that he has a deterrent. “We will not do anything to escalate in that area, we will not do anything to feed any miscalculation, we take it very, very seriously. “But at the moment this is a battle of rhetoric that President Putin is deploying, and we just have to make sure we manage it properly.”  