Early on Sunday morning, Iraq's northern Kurdish regional capital was the target of a missile attack. Reports suggest that at least 12 ballistic missiles were fired at the city, with some landing close to the US Consulate. US officials said the missiles were fired from neighbouring Iran raand that there was no damage and no casualties at any US government facility. The US also has forces stationed at the city's airport, which are part of an international coalition fighting the Islamic State group. After the attack, a leading Iranian official issued a chilling warning to the US president. Mohammad Marandi, an advisor to Iran's nuclear-negotiating team in Vienna, boasted that "this is just the beginning." In a tweet that contained apparent video footage of the attack, Mr Marandi wrote: "This was in #Ebril last night. This is just the beginning" He added: "No more murdering Iranians." Mr Marandi has close connections to the ruling elite in Iran. He is the son of Alireza Marandi, who is the personal physician of the country's Supreme Leader - Ali Khamenei. Iran's state-run IRNA news agency ran a report on the attack but did not say from where the missiles originated. The attack provoked a furious response for the Kurdish prime minister. Masrour Barzani said in a statement: “We condemn this terrorist attack launched against several sectors of Erbil, we call on the inhabitants to remain calm.” US forces based at the airport in Ebril have come under rocket attack in the past. READ MORE: Biden bashed for attempting to patch up Iran deal amid Putin invasion However, this is the first attack after a lull in hostilities that lasted for several months. The attacks come in the wake of an Israeli strike in Damascus, Syria that killed two members of Iran's Revolutionary Guard. The political situation in Iraq remains tense, as the country's political parties attempt to form a new government after October's general election. Shia militia groups with close Iranian connections have warned in private that they will embark on a campaign of violence if they are excluded from any ruling coalition. In addition, tensions between Iran and the US remain high, after Donald Trump ordered the assassination of Qassem Soleimani in January 2020. DON'T MISS Not so fast Vladimir! How SWIFT can slow down Putin's invasion [REVEAL]Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack [INSIGHT]Biden must act swiftly to avoid Iran realising nuclear ambitions [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Soleimani was the then-commander of the elite Quds Force of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). The UN rapporteur for extrajudicial killing in July 2020 concluded in a report that Mr Soleimani’s assassination was “unlawful” and “arbitrary” and violated the UN charter. Iran's leadership has vowed to avenge the commander's death and in January urged the United Nations to take formal action against the US for the killing. In a letter to the UN General Assembly, the legal department of Iran’s presidential office called for “all legal initiatives in its power, including issuing a resolution” to condemn the US government and discourage similar moves in the future. The letter said US governments have, for years, displayed an “excessive unilateralism” in their actions that has granted them the power to violate international laws and agreements.