Plans to give another €500 million to Ukraine from the European Peace Facility have been delayed, as Germany needs approval from its Bundestag budget committee in order to proceed. The approval is unlikely to happen until next week, a crucial time period as Ukraine battles Russian advances through the country. EU countries agreed on the extra funding in February in order to provide Ukraine with further arms and aid, marking the first time that EU countries will supply weapons to a country that is under attack. The revelations - published in Politico - come just one day after Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky launched a scathing attack on Mr Scholz for putting the economy ahead of Ukrainian interests. In a brutal speech to German politicians in Berlin yesterday, Mr Zelensky accused the country of failing to secure peace in Europe, despite pledges to do so in the wake of the Holocaust. The Ukrainian leader said: "I address all of you who heard politicians say every year 'never again,' but I can see these words are worth nothing. Now, our whole nation is being exterminated in Europe, why? "I address the older people among you who have survived the Second World War, who were rescued during the occupation, who survived Babyn Yar, where President Steinmeier visited last year for the 80th anniversary of the tragedy, and where Russian missiles struck. "It was there that families were killed. Again, 80 years later." Criticising the German government for its failure to accept Ukraine into NATO, alongside its support for the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, Mr Zelensky accused the country of contributing to a new "Berlin Wall", referring to the Soviet rule of East Germany. He said: "The world may not have seen so clearly yet, but you are separated from us by a kind of wall. READ MORE: Germany shamed as UK leads fight to 'stabilise' global unrest "Not a Berlin Wall, but a wall in the middle of Europe between freedom and a lack thereof. "And this wall is getting taller with every bomb that falls on Ukraine. With every decision that is not made for peace." "This is the foundation for the new wall. This looks like politics to many, but these are the stones for the new wall." "We asked you what Ukrainians should do to become a part of NATO, but you kept telling us there was no decision like this on the table, at the table, like there was no chair for us, and now you're still waiting, and delaying Ukraine joining the EU." He added: "We have always said that Nord Stream 2 is a weapon and a preparation for the big war and we received the response that it’s about the economy, the economy, the economy. "Some steps were taken too late. The sanctions may not have been enough to stop the war." The EU's plans to provide €500 million to Ukraine came after Germany agreed to supply lethal weapons to the country - marking a reversal of its policy prohibiting the supply of arms to conflict zones.