Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse has taken to Twitter to fume that people are starting to "stop caring" about the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. The wife of Ukrainian dancer Evgenij Voznyuk, 40, who she shares a daughter with, has been raising awareness of the war in Ukraine on her social media platforms. In view of her 72,700 fans, the dance professional told how she feared people were starting to become indifferent to the crisis. Motsi wrote: "The longer this continues the less people care!" alongside praying hands emoji. Replying to her post, she added: "Children are still dying. "Bombs still flying." READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson fumes at Gorka Marquez after being left 'on her own' Just days ago, Motsi told how she feared the situation in Ukraine "doesn't feel good". The star relayed her thoughts on the ongoing conflict, [removed 'in Ukraine'] comparing it to the coronavirus lockdowns. Motsi wrote: "Remember after the first lockdown how we all thought we will never see a lockdown again and then boom a second lockdown longer than the first one. "This is what the situation feels like! "It seems like the situation is escalating... "Just doesn’t feel good!!!!" she ended her post. Last week, Motsi told how her Ukrainian parents-in-law were in bunkers in Kharkiv following Russia's invasion. Motsi reassured fans that she is in contact with Evgenij’s parents but explained the terrifying situation the city is facing. DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker's ex-wife shares how star got her through family tragedy [INSIGHT]Debbie McGee describes tragic last days with husband Paul Daniels [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan tells wife it will take a ‘higher voltage’ to shut him up [UPDATE] She penned on Saturday morning: “They spent more than half the day yesterday in the bunkers! “In Kharkiv, there are heavy battles so we can’t get to them! “At the moment there is nothing we can do. We did try to get them earlier in Germany.” Air strikes hit Kharkiv over the past week and terrified residents have been fleeing to underground stations and bomb shelters in an attempt to find safety. Following the continued Russian bombing of Ukraine's second city, the country's leader Volodymyr Zelenskyy branded the act "war crimes". He wrote on Twitter: "To the world: what is the point of saying «never again» for 80 years, if the world stays silent when a bomb drops on the same site of Babyn Yar? "At least 5 killed. "History repeating…" he added. Following the  Russian bombing of Ukraine's second city, the country's leader Volodymyr Zelenskyy branded the act "war crimes".He wrote on Twitter: "To the world: what is the point of saying «never again» for 80 years, if the world stays silent when a bomb drops on the same site of Babyn Yar?"At least 5 killed."History repeating…" he added. 