The Sun conjunct Jupiter and the Moon in Aries are the main astrological events today. You’ll be feeling super positive, confident and ready to try new things. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 5. The Sun is conjunct Jupiter today, and that's something that only happens once a year. Astrology King said: “The Sun conjunct Jupiter brings happiness, optimism and generosity. “Good luck comes as opportunities for personal, professional, and spiritual growth. “This is an excellent time to begin new studies or long-distance travel.” READ MORE- Horoscopes & love: Most ‘passionate’ sign urged to ‘hang back’ This year, the Sun’s annual conjunction with Jupiter is in the sign of Pisces. We can be especially aware of our desire to grow, improve, or expand today, according to Cafe Astrology. The site added: “It’s a time of discovery and a renewed sense of joy, faith, and optimism. “We can be more motivated to give than receive–this influence increases generosity and optimism.” You’ll feel much more full of life and growing in self-love today. The Cafe Astrology mystics said: “With this transit, our vitality increases as we build our confidence, and we value integrity, patience, reflection, and wisdom. “We could be looking for more recognition and respect. This influence favours reasonable legal, educational, religious, financial, and cultural endeavours. “At this time, we most attract luck and rich life experiences through compassion, charity, and gentleness.” Astrology.com added: “The beautiful conjunction aligns the mystical ego with the spiritual master benefic. “A new vision expands worldly possibilities with glitter and fairy dust, as these two heavenly bodies work together to effortlessly go after magical goals. It’s an incredibly hopeful transit to end the week with!” DON'T MISS...2022 star sign dates: What are the zodiac signs dates for 2022? [INFORMER]The best days for romantic beginnings - 'mark in your diary’ [INSIGHT]Horoscopes & love: Taurus urged to 'take step towards love' [EXPLAINER] The Moon spends the day in direct, spontaneous and pioneering Aries. We’re motivated by a strong desire to start fresh and have a gut instinct and the gumption to start something new. The Cafe Astrology prediction read: “Our pioneering impulses are strong, and we feel energetic, spontaneous, and enthusiastic. “We may also be tactless and impulsive now. Excess energy is best channelled into physical activity.” The Moon in Aries generally favours the following activities: