Lewis Hamilton has said Red Bull and Ferrari are in a “different league” as he could only manage fifth in qualifying for the Bahrain Grand Prix. Charles Leclerc will start the race on pole position, ahead of defending world champion Max Verstappen. Hamilton's Mercedes have been way off the pace all weekend and the Brit is concerned he will lose the frontrunners from the off. He said: “I'm genuinely really happy with today. I think given where we’ve been the last few weeks, the struggles we’ve had with the car, it’s been a bit of a nightmare to drive. "Those guys ahead of us are in another league so I'm generally happy with where we are. It's not the front row but we will make improvements and do the best we can tomorrow. Those guys will be going away so we are not in the fight with those. READ MORE: Charles Leclerc reacts to pipping Max Verstappen to pole in Bahrain  "My battles are with the guys behind most likely but of course I'll try to be as fast as I can and get ahead. But their performance is quite ahead of us." Moments after the session, Hamilton said it had been a “great effort” from the team while speaking to his engineers over the radio. He added: “Keep our heads down and continue to push." Mercedes AMG Petronas F1 Twitter page also reacted to the poor result. They wrote: “​​Gave it all we had there… You know we'll keep pushing to be in that fight out front.” Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff said Mercedes have to be "realistic” about their performance level. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell feels Mercedes took 'two steps back' in F1 qualifying [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen taunts Lewis Hamilton after securing second place [ANALYSIS]Mercedes boss Toto Wolff stumped by Red Bull gap [COMMENT] Hamilton’s new team-mate George Russell also warned the team were still struggling to get to grip of the issues with their new car. He said: “I feel like we're going one step forward and two steps back. We're making progress and then suddenly we're back into the same issues. "It's difficult because we're so focused on solving the over-arching issue of the car which is difficult to nail down all the details and fine tune the things. This is what it's about at the moment. We want to be fighting for victories and we need to try everything we can to get there."  