However, this change in approach has only come recently and so the treatments the world does have can only slightly slow the progression of dementia, not stopping it completely. Although the situation appears bleak at the moment, scientists are positive more effective methods of stopping the spread of dementia will be available in nine or 10 years. For some that will be too late, but for many it could be a game changer. Until then, it is advisable to know the early symptoms so that the treatments available can begin as soon as possible after diagnosis. READ MORE: Diabetes: The feeling that could be an indication of high blood sugar  Dementia isn’t just one condition; in fact, it is an umbrella term for a number of neurodegenerative conditions.This is why scientists are cautions when they discuss a potential cure for dementia. Given how many variants of the condition there are, one treatment for one type of dementia may not work on another. It is why there is greater excitement about treatments, both preventative and reactive. Early symptoms of dementia include memory loss, difficulty concentrating, finding it hard to carry out familiar tasks, struggling to follow a conversation or to find the right word, being confused about time and place, and mood changes.   Meanwhile, there has been an update in dementia funding by the governmentDuring the 2019 general election, the Conservative Party promised that, if re-elected, it would double funding into dementia research. Dubbed a “dementia moonshot” at the time, the government has today announced that this is now being dropped.Overall, funding is being cut from £83million down to £75million. Overall, funding is being cut from £83 million down to £75 million. Even considering the economic damage done by COVID-19, the Prime Minister promised this pledge would be delivered as recently as September. However, it is the pandemic that could have changed the government’s mind, with health officials saying it is the reason why the funding boost is not occurring. Alzheimer Research UK’s David Thomas said: “Current research spending is dwarfed by the condition’s £25billion annual cost to our economy. With no treatments its devastating impact will only get worse.” This news comes amidst other stories about health-related government spending. It was recently found that the government mistakenly purchased £8.7billion on unusable medical equipment. As a result, this equipment is now having to be burned at a rate of 500 lorryloads a month admits the Health Department. The government has come under fire in recent months after the Good Law Project won a case in the High Court showing the government had broken the law by running a special VIP lane for PPE contracts during the pandemic. For more information on dementia contact the NHS or your GP.