Colonel Hamish De Breton-Gordon has warned that Russia could easily engage in chemical warfare as Vladimir Putin pushes to take over Ukraine. The British Army colonel told GB news: "Russia uses scorch and burn tactics, where collateral damage is of absolutely no interest and civilians are at the brunt of their attacks." Colonel De Breton-Gordon told GB News: "We've already seen white phosphorus being used, which is an incendiary device to set fire to towns and villages. "I've seen the Russians a very close call in Syria over the last 10 years, and the classic sort of scorch and burn tactics where collateral damage has absolutely no interest to them. "And civilians are at the brunt of their attacks. "You know, 800,000 civilians have died in Syria in the last eight or nine years and we're now beginning to see the civilian casualties from cluster munitions which are a war crime to use them. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "White phosphorus burning. We've heard about thermobaric weaponry I think they're now colloquially called vacuum bombs," he added. "These fuel mixtures that suck oxygen out of the air and kill anything in its radius. I think we're already seeing that. "And it's a classic Russian tactics and of course that there is violent defence from the Ukrainians and they're doing a great job frustrating Putin. "Which is why I think he's been talking about nuclear weapons over the last few days because things are not going to plan." On Tuesday Russian forces were attacking several fronts and Ukrainian officials reported a bombardment of Kharkiv, the country's second-largest city, had killed dozens of civilians. "Barbaric rocket attacks and MLRS (multiple launch rocket systems) of peaceful cities are evidence that they are no longer able to fight armed Ukrainians," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Facebook. Some 70 Ukrainian servicemen were killed on Monday by Russian shelling of a base in the town of Okhtyrka, between Kharkiv and Kyiv, the regional governor said on Facebook. Russia's defense ministry on Monday said its nuclear missile forces and Northern and Pacific fleets had been placed on "enhanced" combat duty, in line with an order the previous day from Putin.