The Culture Secretary praised Sky, Freeview and Freesat for removing the channel from their platforms last night. The minister has been pushing for tough action to be taken on the RT news channel and Sputnik radio. Ministers have found themselves under intense pressure from Tory backbenchers and opposition MPs to ban the outlets from broadcasting in the UK as part of the measures being brought forward. The UK Government has continued to ramp up sanctions taken against Russia as punishment for Putin's invasion of Ukraine. The outlets have been accused of repeating propaganda from the Kremlin on what is happening in Ukraine. Yesterday the communications regulator Ofcom announced it had opened a total of 27 investigations into news programmes on RT. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG It said: "We are very concerned by the volume of programmes on RT that are raising potential issues under the Broadcasting Code, and as we progress our investigations we are considering whether RT should retain a UK licence." Ms Dorries told the Commons this morning that Vladimir Putin "must not be allowed to exploit our open and free media to spread poisonous propaganda into British homes". She added: "And that is why I wrote to Ofcom last week urging them to examine any potential breaches of the broadcasting code. "Ofcom has since opened 27 investigations into RT, and they are now reviewing whether to revoke RT's licence entirely. "In the meantime, those investigations have been taken over by events and I was very glad to see yesterday that the channel is now officially off air on British televisions after it shut down on Sky, Freeview and Freesat." However, despite calls for her to act from MPs, she has so far refused to personally intervene in the decision-making process, saying it is right for the decision to be left to the independent regulator. DON'T MISS:Maksim Chmerkovskiy in tearful reunion with wife after fleeing Ukraine [WATCH]Russian losses: The REAL stats as Ukraine figures show heavy damage [INSIGHT]Putin's ex-spokesman stuns Ferrari with 'breathtaking' prediction [REACTION] Writing in a newspaper today, Ms Dorreis said culture is "the third front in the Ukrainian war" and sanctions on the sector could hit as hard as economic measures on Russia. She was using the "full might of the UK's soft power" to make Russian President Vladimir Putin an "international pariah". "Culture and sport matter - to Putin, to his cronies and to the Russian people," the minister said in The Telegraph. The Mid Bedfordshire MP is hosting sports ministers from the US, Australia, Germany, Poland, Netherlands, Latvia, Italy, Finland, Czech Republic, Norway and Canada today to work out how to further introduce cultural sanctions against Moscow. It comes as Russia's participation is increasingly being banned from international sporting events. The Football Champions League and Formula One Grand Prix have moved from Russia, and Fifa, Uefa, World Rugby, the International Tennis Federation and the International Olympic Committee had banned Russia and Russian teams from competitions. This morning Russian and Belarusian athletes were also banned from the Beijing Winter Paralympics after the International Paralympic Committee reversed its original decision. Ms Dorries told MPs in the Commons she has called on Unesco to bar Russia from hosting its annual world heritage conference in June. She added that if it goes ahead, the UK "will not be attending". 