The deputy Prime Minister lashed out at the Labour deputy for questioning the UK's national security after she campaigned to have Jeremy Corbyn as leader. The Islington North MP had discussed how he wanted to end Trident and withdraw from NATO. Ms Rayner asked: "There's no ifs or buts when it comes to the safety of the British people so I ask the deputy Prime Minister, can he guarantee that the Prime Minister never asked anyone to urge the security services to revise, reconsider or withdraw their assessment of Lord Lebedev?" Mr Raab hit back: "She wants to talk about national security, may I remind her she and her shadow cabinet colleagues wanted the honourable member for Islington North. "A man who wanted and talked about abolishing the army, talked about abolishing Trident. "She voted for that. Has there ever been a more ridiculous, reckless, naive moment to call for unilateral nuclear disarmament and pulling out of NATO? "A Labour Government would put our security at risk." READ MORE: Verhofstadt admits EU's desperation over UK exit 'Brexit was a loss!'  It comes as it remains Ukraine's "absolute right" as a "free nation" to apply for Nato membership in the future, Conservative former leader Sir Iain Duncan Smith has said. Sir Iain told the Commons: "Can I ask my right honourable friend that as the brilliant Ukrainian people fight and die on a daily basis for their rights of freedom and democracy, it's important therefore that we make something very clear and I wonder if he would do this. "They have asked for membership of Nato for a significant period and Nato has chosen not to give it to them. My concern now is no matter what they decide, it remains their absolute right as a free nation and a free people to make such an application in the future, and noticing that Finland is talking about being a member, that we treat them in exactly the same way as we would an application from Finland." Dominic Raab replied: "He will have heard what President Zelensky has said overnight in relation to this. But one of the things that we have always been crystal clear as a Government is that if there is a diplomatic offer and, I have to say we have a heavy measure of scepticism about whether Putin could ever fulfil such a deal, but if there is, it has to be done with the will and volition of the Ukrainian President and the Ukrainian people." While Boris Johnson said there is "no way Ukraine is going to join Nato anytime soon" as Ukraine's leader said peace talks with Russia had taken a "realistic" turn. The Prime Minister, who is visiting the Gulf as he tries to wean the West off Russian energy, said he understood the "reality of the position" expressed by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky during an address to London, in which he appeared to concede over the prospects of joining the alliance. The Kyiv war leader, in a video call to Mr Johnson and representatives from Baltic and northern European countries gathered on Tuesday, expressed his frustration that Ukraine had not been allowed to join Nato, but said: "This is the truth and we have simply to accept it as it is." Mr Johnson, speaking to broadcasters at the Emirates Palace hotel in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday, said: "I talked to Volodymyr (Zelensky) again yesterday and of course I understand what he is saying about Nato and the reality of the position. DON'T MISS Bank of England set for third interest rates hike [INSIGHT]Putin's invasion of Ukraine 'can only be stopped by China' [ANALYSIS]Macron humiliated as France could run out of ammo within DAYS [VIDEO] "And everybody has always said - and we've made it clear to (Russian President Vladimir) Putin - that there is no way Ukraine is going to join Nato any time soon." But Mr Johnson said decisions about the future of the country had to "be for the Ukrainian people" and their "elected leader" to make, as he vowed Britain would continue to "back" Mr Zelensky. "And the most important thing is that Putin's aggression, his absolutely barbaric attacks on Ukraine should stop and they should not be seen to have succeeded, and they won't succeed," the Prime Minister added. Mr Zelensky, since addressing the London summit, has suggested peace talks between the Ukrainian and Russian delegations had started to produce hope of a ceasefire.