Although Netflix's acclaimed historical drama The Last Kingdom came to an end earlier this month, some insightful revelations about the series have been shared. James Northcote, who portrayed Aldhelm, unveiled the challenges he faced working on set.  The Last Kingdom followed Uhtred’s (played by Alexander Dreymon) journey as he set out to reclaim his throne while grappling with his identity as a Saxon who was raised as a Dane. In season two, Aldhelm (James Northcote) was introduced to help guide Lord Ceolwolf (David Gant) to meet with King Alfred (David Dawson). He then became Lord Aethelred’s trusted right-hand man before Aldhelm was killed in season three. As well as the usual challenges actors face when embodying a new character for a role, Northcote also admitted he struggled with the climate.  READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales The actor shared: “The amazing thing about The Last Kingdom crew is it’s just the friendliest place to work. “It’s not always easy shooting in -10C temperatures, and it’s not always easy when you’re up to your knees in mud sliding around in a battle, trying not to have your head cut off by a much more experienced stunt person. “So we all try and look out for each other.” Northcote explained: “We all try and make sure that everyone gets to work to the best of their abilities, and the crew, both British and Hungarian, are so skilled and so supportive and so passionate about the show.”  He added: “And you can’t say that about every job you work on. “We’ve really, really become a team and are so invested in the story and the success of the show and yes, it’s an amazing place to get to work, and the people are incredible.” Northcote was forced to face the bitter cold as the cast and crew travelled to Hungary to film the series, which was set in the ninth and 10th centuries. While the majority of the series was filmed in the European country, a number of key scenes also took place in the United Kingdom. DON'T MISS...GMB reporter told DON'T ask about Will Smith as Costner avoids probe [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom: Stiorra’s Ruby Hartley details ‘really scary’ fight [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon celebrates milestone [INSIGHT]  As the series followed Uhtred's desire to reclaim his throne and become the ruler of Bamburgh, the show gave viewers a look at the castle which was located in Northumberland. With the plethora of tense battle scenes through the series, a majority of them took place in cold climates. The show’s executive producer, Nigel Merchant opened up about his decision to film the series in Europe. He stated: “I think what Hungary brings to us is this sense of other world.  “We don't really know what England looked like 1,000 years ago, so although it's not England and we shot it on location, it has this sense of otherness to it that I've always really enjoyed.” During a fan Q&A, Dreymon was also asked if the depiction of “cold wet weather” was real. To which he responded: “It’s real, I wish it was special effects.” The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix. 