Mick Hucknall, 61, has spoken up about his experience with Long Covid. The star has explained that the health issue has left him with heart palpitations and issues with sleeping. Following contracting the virus last month, the Simply Red frontman continues to suffer the symptoms. He told The Sun on Friday that he consistently wakes up with heart palpitations in the middle of the night. "I’ve got long Covid. I go to bed and wake up in the night with my heart going 'ba-boom, ba-boom, ba-boom’. "I just have to grab two or three hours sleep when I can,” he said. The frontman was nevertheless healthy enough to perform on Wednesday at London’s O2 arena. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby The band’s initial concert was meant to be in 2020 but had been postponed on numerous occasions due to lockdown and coronavirus issues. Long Covid is the extension of coronavirus symptoms, which end up lasting weeks or months following the initial contracting of the virus. Common symptoms include fatigue, breathlessness and heart palpitations. Following Wednesday’s concert, Simply Red took to Instagram to thank fans for attending. Alongside a picture of the crowd, they wrote the caption: “Oh what a night! “Thank you so VERY MUCH! We felt the love.” A day earlier, they credited their fans again, while adding: “Much appreciated after all we've been through.” The band previously posted an update a month ago, after having to delay due to another group member getting Covid. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] They insisted: “Simply Red are 100% committed to complete this tour. “Whether you are now unable to attend or not, we are determined to be there for You." It was also cancelled a further time due to Storm Eunice blowing the roof off the O2 in February. Mick also said: “Not long ago, I did a full vocal warm-up for the first time in three years. My wife and daughter had to leave the house because I was making so much noise. “But I was so happy with the results. I’m hitting all the notes I used to hit and the power is still there.” The star currently lives with his wife Gabriella Wesberry. The two married nearly a decade ago at Forter Castle in Perthshire, Scotland. Mick and Gabriella share a daughter, Romy, 15, together.