Mercedes boss Toto Wolff does not yet understand why his team are lagging behind the likes of Red Bull and Ferrari ahead of this weekend's Bahrain Grand Prix, according to reports. Lewis Hamilton and George Russell look set for a long weekend in the desert after struggling to meet their usual high standards in Friday's practice sessions, with the German outfit's new W13 challenger proving to be a handful over the course of the day's running. Mercedes trialled a new floor design on Hamilton's car on Friday in an attempt to deal with the 'porpoising' issue that seems to be affecting the Silver Arrows to a greater degree than the vast majority of their Constructors' Championship rivals. The update did not appear to have the desired effect, though, with Russell finishing above his team-mate at the end of FP1 and FP2 to send the team's aerodynamicists back to the drawing board.It remains to be seen whether a quick fix can be found ahead of Sunday's race or if the Silver Arrows will be forced to deal with not being competitive during the early stages of the new campaign. It seems as though Mercedes could struggle in their efforts to claw back their performance deficit before the five red lights go out, with those in the garage stumped over the reasons behind their ongoing struggles, according to Auto Motor und Sport.The report claims that Mercedes were fully expecting to be adrift of Red Bull at the Bahrain International Circuit but are struggling to get to the bottom of the issue. The Silver Arrows are half a second off the pace over the course of an entire lap, with almost four tenths being lost on the run down to Turn One alone. JUST IN: F1 predictions: Hamilton revenge vs Verstappen? Ferrari back on top? The Mercedes car is said to be particularly lacking in straight-line speed, a setback which is partly due to the 'porpoising' that was clearly visible on Hamilton's car during FP2. The problem is reportedly causing the team to compromise in their efforts to find a solution while leaving other elements of the car untouched.Both of their drivers have already insisted that Red Bull and Ferrari will be quicker when push comes to shove in Sunday's race at the Bahrain International Circuit. Mercedes will go in search of a record-breaking ninth successive Constructors' Championship triumph over the coming months but could eventually be forced to make up lost ground if they fail to improve things before the new campaign begins to take shape in the coming weeks. Hamilton was adamant that Mercedes will not be able to fix their problems overnight when quizzed on the matter after Friday's running. "We’re a long way off and we are not bluffing like people assumed we were, we have had small problems in the past but we are faced with much, much bigger problems this year," insisted the 37-year-old."Everything we do to try and fix it doesn’t really change that. It appears as though this will be a long-term fix and not one for the short term, but our mindset is to be the best we can be. It’s not ideal, but we will pull together to try and fix it." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE