After the successful reboot of Agatha Christie’s Poirot on the big screen with 2017’s Murder on the Orient Express, director and lead Kenneth Branagh returned with another all-star cast in Death on the Nile. However, the original 2019 release date was pushed back numerous times amid the pandemic and finally hit cinemas just last month. And since 20th Century Studios is owned by the House of Mouse, the murder mystery is now set to hit Disney+ very soon. Death on the Nile will be available to stream on Disney+ in the UK and Ireland from March 30. All movie fans need to do is have an account on the streaming service, which costs £7.99 a month or £79.90 for a whole year if purchased in one go. Alongside Branagh, the Agatha Christie mystery co-stars: “Tom Bateman, Annette Bening, Russell Brand, Ali Fazal, Dawn French, Gal Gadot, Armie Hammer, Rose Leslie, Emma Mackey, Sophie Okonedo, Jennifer Saunders and Letitia Wright.” Meanwhile, Murder on the Orient Express is yet to arrive on Disney+ but can be rented or purchased for streaming on a variety of platforms. Death on the Nile’s synopsis reads: “Belgian sleuth Hercule Poirot’s Egyptian vacation aboard a glamorous river steamer turns into a terrifying search for a murderer when a picture-perfect couple’s idyllic honeymoon is tragically cut short. Set against an epic landscape of sweeping desert vistas and the majestic Giza pyramids, this dramatic tale of love gone wrong features a cosmopolitan group of impeccably dressed travellers and enough wicked twists and turns to leave audiences guessing until the final, shocking denouement. Filmed with 65mm Panavision cameras in late 2019, Death on the Nile transports audiences to the 1930s, recreating many of the locations that served as inspiration for Christie’s glamorous, high society thriller.” DON'T MISSBatman: New UK poll reveals Britain's favourite Dark Knight actor [BATMAN]Star Wars prequel backlash hard for Ewan McGregor, Hayden Christensen [STAR WARS]James Bond: Roger Moore's Octopussy predicted Putin says 007 producer [JAMES BOND] A third Branagh Poirot movie is now in the works. The film will be set in post-war Venice in an adaptation of one of the less well-known novels. Death on the Nile is streaming on Disney+ from March 30, 2022 in the UK and Ireland.