 Channel 5 viewers were recently transported back in time when the broadcaster aired a special documentary about classic comedy Last of the Summer Wine. Fans learnt about the making of the hit show in Last Of The Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughs. The documentary revealed the BBC comedy wasn’t just popular among members of the public, but also had some fans within the Royal Family.    Last of the Summer Wine gained a large following over the years, having first launched on screens in January 1973. The BBC comedy was so popular it became the longest-running comedy programme in Britain. Viewers were hooked by the show’s portrayal of elderly men who get up to comical antics as they tried their best to cling on to their youth. However, the hit series eventually drew to a close and aired its final episode in 2010. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby?  Channel 5’s recent documentary, Last Of The Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughs, suggested throughout the show’s lengthy run it gained some royal viewers. Reflecting on the 1984 Royal Variety Show, the programme revealed some cast members performed a live Last of the Summer Wine sketch. Comedy trio Brian Wilde, Bill Owen and Peter Sallis took to the stage as their iconic characters from the show. Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, Prince Charles and Princess Diana were all in attendance for the comical performance.   The documentary hinted the comedy sketch went down a treat with The Queen Mother. Last of the Summer Wine location manager Sylvia Kendall insisted there were multiple fans of the show in the Royal Family. Sylvia remarked: “The Queen Mother, she loved Summer Wine and I know the Queen loved Summer Wine. “That makes you feel so wonderful, being a part of Last of the Summer Wine and the royalty like it,” she confessed. DON'T MISS...When is Starstruck back on TV? [INSIGHT]Emmerdale heartbreak for Manpreet Sharma as Charles breaks things off? [SPOILERS]Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' [MUST SEE]  Jonathan Linsley, who played ‘Crusher’ Milburn on the show, recalled brushing shoulders with royalty. The actor explained he received confirmation the Queen was a fan of the comedy series when he encountered her son Prince Edward. Jonathan explained: “I met Prince Edward, and he mentioned that his mum enjoyed Last of the Summer Wine. “She was a big fan,” the Last of the Summer Wine actor added.    After discovering the royals were fans of the show, writer Roy Clarke decided to reference the Queen in one episode of the show. He wrote a comical scene which saw Walter ‘Foggy’ Dewhurst (played by Brian Wilde) dream about being awarded an OBE. The scene even made reference to the monarch’s beloved pet corgis. Last of the Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughs is available to stream on My5. 