Bayern Munich have been urged to take 'revenge' on Chelsea by exploiting their current financial issues and 'helping themselves' to Kai Havertz. Chelsea, who are in a difficult position due to sanctions against Russian owner Roman Abramovich, have also been accused of 'making fun' of Bayern in regards to their handling of the Callum Hudson-Odoi transfer saga.  Chelsea's current situation has dominated the media at the moment, with the club in limbo given that current owner and fan favourite Abramovich has had his assets frozen due to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict. Abramovich, who has owned the club since 2003, sent out a statement on March 3 signalling his intentions to sell the club as it was in the 'best interests of those attached to the club'. Just a week later, the UK Government sanctioned the oligarch amongst seven others after he was accused of having close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin. As a result, the club are not allowed to offer new contracts to their stars, sign or sell players, and until recently were strictly prohibited from selling tickets for any of their upcoming fixtures. And BILD journalist Raimund Hinko has instructed Bayern to take advantage of the situation to avenge the way the Blues treated them in their pursuit of Hudson-Odoi two years ago. "Help yourself to the disintegrating Chelsea. And not with just anyone, but with Kai Havertz personally, for whom it didn't work out in 2020," Hinko wrote in his column. JUST IN: Van Gaal gives brutal verdict on Man Utd as he urges Ten Hag to snub  "Yes, dear "Brazzo" Salihamidzic, you can now take revenge on Marina Granovskaia. The Chelsea boss has danced on your nose enough times, shown you off with relish tugging at Callum Hudson-Odoi and made fun of you. But now her empire is falling apart, and after the departure of the oligarch Roman Abramovich, many things are threatening to fall apart. Even if a new investor signs on, there will be severe turbulence. "You at Bayern shouldn't have any scruples. Too often the English have snootily laughed at you with all their money." Hudson-Odoi was linked with the Bavarian outfit in the summer of 2020, and reports suggested the German giants had made a loan bid for the then-teenage star with an option to buy for £70million. That never materialised, and the star eventually stayed at Chelsea under former boss Frank Lampard. Since then the English star has featured in 65 games for the Blues, scoring eight goals in the process. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit  And Havertz has fared even better, becoming Chelsea's star attacker this season as they look to win the Champions League for the second season in a row. The Blues currently sit 11 points behind leaders Manchester City in the Premier League, albeit with a game in hand over their title rivals. And they face Real Madrid next in the Champions League, with the first leg taking place on April 6. 