After a week in which temperatures reached 20C, the weather will take a turn for the worse next week. Following a weekend of high pressures, there will be a possibility of rain and frost in many areas across the country, as well as snow. This high pressure will continue to bring pleasant temperatures from today (March 24) right through to Monday, March 28. It will be sunny across much of the UK, with plenty of areas experiencing temperatures as high as 19C, including London and Birmingham, on Friday, March 25. This will, however, bring with it higher levels of air pollution, according to the latest BBC Weather for the Week Ahead report. Levels will likely remain ‘low’ in Scotland but will be ‘medium’ across much of England and even ‘high’ and ‘very high’ in the east and southeast of England. After this, high pressure will move along, reducing the likelihood of hazy skies but, at the same time, bringing forth much colder temperatures. Jim Dale from the British Weather Services told Express.co.uk: “High pressure [will move] away at the back end of this weekend. “Lower pressure with air from Scandinavia takes over into next week, meaning a significant tail off in temperatures, with frosts returning to Scotland then most of the rest of UK as the week unfolds.” The worst of this is likely to be experienced in the early hours of next Thursday morning. Temperatures at this time could in northern parts of Scotland plunge as low as minus eight degrees. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Boris hit with major Biden trade deal snub Elsewhere too, temperatures will be far removed from what they have been this week. Mr Dale added cold weather will come alongside more rain and even snow. He said: “Some rain along the way – heaviest in the north and west – and yes, some snow too by the middle of the week for the mountains of Scotland and Scotland as a whole and parts of northern England by Thursday, with possible flurries for Wales and even the high ground of southwest England by Friday.” DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] The bottom line, he said, was “wintry weather is far from over and this spell of warm/settled weather is something of an aberration”. Colder, wetter, more wintry weather is not unprecedented at this time of the year, with a cold front brining some bands of snow in March 2021 too. There are currently no weather warnings in place from the Met Office for the next seven days. It is possible this will change as the northerly winds, and accompanying rain and snow, set in.