They were in attendance with several other senior royals to honour the late Prince Philip. The Princess Royal’s daughter is one of eight grandchildren the late Duke of Edinburgh doted over. Zara, Mike and Mia took their seats in the Abbey alongside Peter Phillips and his two daughters, Isla and Savannah. In front of them sat Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Prince Edward and their children Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14. For the occasion, Zara wore an elegant navy coat dress that features a peter pan collar, which she paired with a matching headband and heels. The couple's eldest daughter Mia, eight, wore a black peplum coat with red piping along the cuffs and collar.  Mia also adorably wore a navy headband, much like her mother's. While Mike opted for a grey suit, paired with a white shirt and a navy tie. Zara and Mike's third child, Lucas Philip, was born on March 21, 2021, with his middle name in honour of her grandfather and husband Mike's father. Prince Philip died just three weeks later at the age of 99. READ MORE: Queen stands for beloved husband Philip – puts aside health issues The Queen was among those attending Tuesday's service, despite recent concerns over her mobility issues. She was also joined by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Anne and Sir Timothy Laurence and Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Figures from the political world were also at the service, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. The 45-minute-long service included hymns such as Guide me, O thou great Redeemer, which Philip had requested for his funeral. DON'T MISS Queen's heartbreak: Monarch upset as she listens to God Save The Queen [INSIGHT] 'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury [REVEAL]Harry may face ‘lifetime of regret’ for not attending Philip memorial [REPORT] Philip's funeral was held just over a week after his death in April 2021. Only 30 people were able to attend the service at St George's Chapel in Windsor due to ongoing Covid restrictions at the time. Mike and Zara were among the small group of royals who attended the funeral on 17 April last year. Zara paid tribute to her grandfather by speaking in the one-hour documentary special Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers last September.  She said: "You never really prepare yourself for losing him because he was always there." Zara also paid tribute to the late Duke for shaping the role of consort to the Queen. She said: "The amazing thing he's been able to do is be an incredible support to my grandmother but also to stay true to himself the whole way through. "That's what my grandmother needed. That's why they worked so well together and fell in love I think." 