As cash-strapped households are hit with more bill rises from April, the good news is that there are at least three bills which won’t rise. However, it’s not all good news because many people are paying too much for these to start with. Three bills that won’t rise from April are the TV Licence, NHS prescriptions costs and income tax. However, anyone who is looking to make savings should consider whether they need to pay for these things in the first place or if they could get a discount. While a TV licence costs £159 for the year, people might be forking out unnecessarily if they only ever watch Netflix or YouTube. If this is the case, they can apply for a refund and claw some of the money back. READ MORE: British Gas, E.ON and EDF Energy websites CRASH As long as people never watch live TV programmes on any channel including iPlayer they don’t need to pay the £159 fee. On the TV licensing website it confirms: “You don’t need a TV Licence if you only ever use Netflix or other online TV services to watch on demand or catch up programmes, except if you’re watching BBC programmes on BBC iPlayer. “If you only watch on demand programmes on Netflix and don’t watch TV live on any TV or streaming service, and don’t watch BBC iPlayer, you may cancel your TV Licence if you won’t need it again before it expires.” It’s also estimated that thousands of pensioners are missing out on a free TV licence because they haven’t claimed Pension Credit. DON'T MISS:'Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill [INSIGHT]State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less [WARNING]State pension: Six increases will take place from next month [UPDATE] To qualify for Pension Credit, Britons need to have reached state pension age and be earning less than £177.10 per week. Pension Credit could also mean they receive a council tax reduction, help towards energy bills and free prescriptions. A TV licence discount of 50 percent is also available to people who are blind. Meanwhile, care home residents can pay just £7.50 for their TV licence. Pensioners are just one group thought to be missing out on things like a free TV licence and NHS prescriptions. Some people on Universal Credit could be paying for their prescriptions unnecessarily if they have dependents or earn less than a certain amount. Britons who rely on income support, income-based Jobseeker's Allowance, income-related Employment and Support Allowance and the Guarantee Credit part of Pension Credit also usually qualify. Anyone can check their eligibility for free prescriptions by going to the NHS website. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How to pay less income tax: 