Published earlier this month, researchers found drinking red wine with meals was associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes. While this may come as a surprise, the link was only found when red wine was consumed with food rather than on its own. In a statement on the Heart website, the researchers said: “Clinical trials…have found that moderate drinking may have some health benefits, including on glucose metabolism. “However, it remains unclear whether glucose metabolism translated into a reduction of type 2 diabetes”. READ MORE: Dementia: The drink that could cause the brain to shrink and reduce me Overall, the data showed: "Consuming alcohol with meals was associated with a 14 percent lower risk of type 2 diabetes compared to consuming alcohol without eating food." Furthermore, a statement by the scientists clarified: “The beneficial association between alcohol drinking with meals and type 2 diabetes was most common among the participants who drank wine vs. other types of alcohol. “Consuming wine, beer, and liquor had different associations with type 2 diabetes risk. “While a higher amount of wine intake was associated with a lower risk type 2 diabetes, a higher amount of beer or liquor was associated with a higher risk of type 2 diabetes."  As a result, it is not recommended that the public starts drinking alcohol with their bowl of cereal or lunch. Consumed in too high a quantity, alcohol can negatively affect the body and cause a number of complications over an extended period of time. In response to the study, Robert H. Eckel of the American Heart Association commented: “These data suggest that it’s not the alcohol with meals but other ingredients in wine, perhaps antioxidants, that may be the factor in potentially reducing new-onset type 2 diabetes”. The MD continued: “The type of wine, red versus white, needs to be defined, and validation of these findings and mechanisms of benefit are needed." Although wine with meals could reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, a popular lifestyle habit may increase a person’s risk. Vaping has increased in popularity in recent years as people look for a way to quit smoking. A new study has found that those who vape are 22 percent more likely to develop diabetes than those who don’t. In comparison, smokers are 40 percent more likely to develop diabetes than those who don’t smoke. Published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine, they found that former vapers were 12 percent more likely than those who had never vaped at all to have prediabetes.Author of the study Dr Shyam Biswal said: “E-cigarettes are touted as safer alternative, which is not the case. It is time to ramp up public health efforts to promote the cessation of e-cigarettes.” Despite the health warnings over vaping, and there are multiple, it is still considered much safer than smoking, one of the leading causes of cancer globally.