Berlin made a historic decision to reverse a policy to never send weapons to conflict zones in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Olaf Scholz, the German Chancellor, said his Government would send 1,000 anti-tank weapons and 500 Stinger anti-aircraft defence systems to Ukraine. He also authorised the Dutch to send Kyiv 400 German made rocket-propelled grenade launchers and told Estonia to ship its nine East German howitzers. However, as yet the Ukrainian army has received very few supplies from Germany - just one-fifth of the missiles it pledged, according to claims. Oleksiy Reznikov, the Ukrainian defence minister, told the Paul Grob, the head of the Ukrainian World Congress (UWC), that most of the weapons were "caught up in bureaucracy" and had failed to be delivered. Mr Grob told The Daily Telegraph: "“The Germans made a very important historic decision that they would supply arms and military support to Ukraine. “When we meet with the German Foreign Ministry they keep saying ‘it’s coming, it’s coming’, but the Ukrainians tell us ‘nothing is coming’. "That’s critical.” Ukraine's army has fiercely resisted the Russian advance, succeeding in stalling it in many places. However, their troops are in desperate need of re-supply, if they are to be able to hold out for longer. The UWC head explained: "I was in communication with the [Ukrainian] Minister of Defence this morning and the message is very, very clear. “They have lots of declarations of support but are getting very little. “It’s barely trickling in and they are running out of supplies.” Ukraine's ambassador to Germany has expressed frustration at the lack of progress in receiving German military aid. READ MORE: France and Germany shamed as EU states provided Putin with deadly arms Andrij Melnyk told the General Anzeiger newspaper: "In Berlin, politicians praise the bravery of the Ukranians. "That drives me crazy. What we need are three things: weapons, weapons and weapons." The UK has played a leading role in delivering weapons to Ukraine, as it matches its words with deeds. Currently, the British Government has delivered over 3,6000 anti-tank missiles to Ukrainian troops on the front line. The British-Swedish missiles weigh only 12.5kg and are just over 1 metre long, making them easy for infantry to use. DON'T MISSEU at war over Russia: Germany and Italy block bid to crush Putin [REVEAL]NATO told to shape up for 'long game' with Russia [INSIGHT]Germany to step up army funds to become 'leader' in Europe [SPOTLIGHT] They have a maximum range of just 800 metres and have proved deadly effective, according to reports. The British Government is expected to send hundreds more at a cost of another £120million. Ben Wallace, the UK's Defence Minister, has also promised to supply an unspecified number of high-velocity Starstreak anti-aircraft weapons to Ukraine. The Belfast-made weapons are known to be the fastest short-range surface-to-air missile. They accelerate after launch and include three laser-guided submunitions to increase the chance of hitting their targets.