Halo landed on Paramount Plus on March 24 and it seems it has been a big success for the streaming service. Early reports indicate it could be one of the biggest hits for the network after it smashed viewing figure records set by Yellowstone's spin-off 1883. Before Halo launched, it was Yellowstone prequel 1883 which was the most watched series premiere globally within its first 24 hours of release. However, while the viewing figures are yet to be confirmed, Halo has set a new record. 1883 launched to 4.9million viewers worldwide meaning Halo must have hit around 5million viewers. Halo was originally developed by Showtime however, it moved over to Paramount Plus in 2021. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn Chief Programming Officer at Paramount, Tanya Giles said having Halo on the service was “rewarding”. She told Deadline: “Bringing Halo to life as a streaming series has been one of the most rewarding efforts for Paramount+ to date and we could not be more thrilled at the massive fan response to the series’ debut. “Along with our phenomenal partners at Showtime, 343 Industries and Amblin Television, we cannot wait for fans to experience more of this incredible universe.” While 1883 is a limited series, Halo has been renewed for a second season already. The news was confirmed at a ViacomCBS presentation in February, a month before it had even premiered on Paramount Plus. Brave New World’s David Wiener will serve as executive producer and showrunner for the second run after Steve Kane left at the end of series one. Tanya said of the renewal at the time: “Halo is an expansive, world-building opportunity for Paramount+. “We’re thrilled to give fans a second season to look forward to before we launch the series next month. DON'T MISS...Kevin Costner details key plot point Yellowstone fans corner him on [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Willa Hayes star lands huge new role after leaving show [LATEST]How to watch Yellowstone for free in the UK  [EXPLAINER] “Halo will deliver a thrill-ride for fans of the game and non-gamers alike, as it ties together stunning visuals with a deeper look at the personal stories behind these iconic characters, all set within an epic battle for the future of humanity.” The TV series takes place in the same universe as the Xbox’s first video game. It dramatises the 26th Century conflict between humanity and aliens. Pablo Schreiber stars as Master Chief Spartan-117 while Natascha McElhone takes on the role of Dr. Halsey. Rounding out the main cast is Jen Taylor as Cortana, the most advanced AI and the potential key to human survival. Halo has already garnered great reviews from viewers with Josh LeBlanc posting on Twitter: “@PabloShreiber really liked episode 1, here’s to an entire generation #ParamountPlus #HaloTheSeries.” Amras added: “Okay, so the first episode of #HaloTheSeries was pretty fire. Thoughts?” Chris Moore also seemed to enjoy it, writing: “This could be good for Halo as a whole. Because it looks like it will tackle the human rebellion and how Halsey kidnapped children that the game kind of just threw to the wayside. #HaloTheSeries.” Halo is available to stream on Paramount Plus in the US now.