WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Top Boy season two, episode eight. Top Boy season two has only just landed on the streaming giant Netflix, and already many fans have binged the entire new cycle. With some viewers stating that they are staying clear of social media to avoid spoilers, diehard fans were left emotional as they digested the eight episodes in a matter of hours and were left in shock with the finale outing.   The British television crime drama originally aired back in 2011 on Channel 4, with the show finding a new life in 2019 on Netflix. The revival sees the return of both Ashley Walters and Kane Robinson, who reprised their roles of Dushane and Sully. Top Boy's synopsis is that two seasoned drug dealers return to the gritty streets of London, but their pursuit of money and power is threatened by a young and ruthless hustler. In the closing scenes of the season, Jamie (Played by Micheal Ward) is at home with his brothers Aaron (Hope Ikpoku Jr) and Stefan (Araloyin Oshunremi) and is surprised to find Sully (Kane Robinson) knocking at his door. Read More: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns as Marlon Dingle discovers he has another child? When he opens the door Sully shoots Jamie twice with his brothers, seeing the aftermath. This shocking event blew many fans' minds. @thebembalady tweeted: "Okay, but I’ve cried the ending of Top Boy are they really gonna do us like how they did Ghost? This is unbelievable #TopBoyNetflix." (sic) @fullonsunshine needed support from other fans: "Can we talk about that ending? I wasn’t ready for that. #TopBoyNetflix." "The ending of Top Boy season 2 left me speechless for some seconds. Why did Sully shoot my man, Jamie? #TopBoyNetflix," lost for words @jacqiefaris shared. @KamalRenelle chimed in: "Man I don’t even know what to do with that ending, they just gonna leave us hanging for another two years ?#TopBoyNetflix" However, not everyone was impressed with the dramatic closing episode. @RachLeahy shared her unimpressed thoughts online: "Can’t help but be disappointed with that ending. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale theory: Rishi Sharma's secret illness exposed in Manpreet Sharma twist? [SPOILERS]'I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on regret over Marian Brook role [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Bethany Platt to return for Adam Barlow's funeral?  [SPOILERS]   "It feels like it was for shock value and not for the overall story. "A mistake writing off a character with so much potential. That said, am I already eagerly awaiting the next season? Yes. #TopBoyNetflix" @tobzillaortobz also felt deflated: "The acting was great but the story lines were either random or never finished. I can’t remember a show having so many loose ends. It's as if they are about to drop the rest of season 2 next week. "Once you get past the shock value of the ending your just there like “why”? #TopBoyNetflix." (sic)  Sully and Jamie had a long-standing history of violence, with Jamie attempting to have Sully murdered more than once back in season one. Jamie tried to assert himself as the top boy on the Summerhouse estate, which did not sit well with Sully, with him being pushed over the edge when Dushane suggested Jamie could be his successor. Not much is known about the third season, but Jamie's death is sure to have a ripple effect in any upcoming instalments. Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix. Top Boy Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix. 