Amanda Holden, 51, has travelled to the Ukraine border to interview those who have been affected by the war. The Britain’s Got Talent judge is spending time at a refugee camp in Medyka, Poland, where she will speak to families fleeing the war for her new podcast, Ukraine’s Hidden Voices. Opening up about her experience, Amanda said: “I am watching people trickling in from over the border.  “It’s extraordinary to witness how quickly people have got together. There is a whole village here,” she told Daily Star.  Describing the scene, Amanda said there are stalls of clothes and food, including produce from Asda and Tesco.  She added that people are on hand to serve tea, coffee and hot food. READ MORE:'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase The Heart FM presenter continued: "Every single thing has been thought up. There are even dog leads and dog bowls and toys for kids. There is nothing that hasn’t been thought of."After arriving at the border, Amanda has documented the situation in a series of pictures and videos.In a clip to her 1.7million followers via her Instagram story, the Heart FM presenter showed a long queue of people waiting to return to Ukraine to help with humanitarian efforts.She captioned the post on Friday: “This is a queue of people going BACK to Lviv...they plan to go back and help after the bombs this morning.” Amanda also shared photos of charity stands, piles of donations including duvets and clothes, and an emotional video of a “peace pianist” playing a tune.In her final story, Amanda chatted to people from the charity, Love Bristol, and took the opportunity to criticise the UK government.She raged: “This little charity is trying to make a big difference despite the ridiculous bureaucracy of our government."Earlier this month, Amanda told fans she had been motivated to start her Hidden Voices podcast when she was contacted by a desperate Ukrainian mother on social media. DON'T MISSAlex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White[LATEST]Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat[INSIGHT]'It's sad' Karren Brady on Oprah Winfrey being hailed as a role model[NEWS] The presenter wrote: “A few days ago, a Ukrainian woman reached out to me on Instagram. She was surviving in an underground car park in Kyiv with children, pets and some of her community.“It made me realise, she and other brave humans, just like her, needed to talk“They wanted a platform to tell their stories. This podcast is for their voices to be heard.”The BGT panellist has since released seven episodes. Following the podcast’s launch, Amanda was inundated with support from her famous friends.Alesha Dixon wrote: “Love this Mandy.”Actress Sarah Parish said: “Amazing, going to listen tonight.”Friday Night Dinner star Tracy-Ann Oberman echoed: “So important to hear their voices.”And Laura Whitmore shared two love hearts in the colours of the Ukrainian flag.