Knowing the age someone can start receiving their state pension is crucial to their retirement plans. Two changes to the state pension age are set to be introduced, but a review is ongoing which could alter the schedule. Currently, the state pension age in the UK sits at age 66. This applies equally to both men and women. However, the state pension age will be increased in the not too distant future. Under the current Government plans, it will rise to age 67 by 2028. READ MORE: NS&I to offer more choice to Premium Bonds jackpot winners from next month It is then set to be hiked again no later than 2046. This could have a dramatic effect on many people’s retirement plans, but the changes are not yet set in stone. This is because the Government is currently reviewing the state pension age to decide whether the rules around it are appropriate. The first review of state pension age was undertaken in 2017 and decided the next review should consider whether the increase to age 68 should be brought forward. DON'T MISSCouncil tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid these five costly IHT mistakes [WARNING]State pension shock as Britons find their National Insurance contributions don't count [ALERT] This could mean the second state pension age hike is implemented between 2037 and 2039. This is the second state pension review to take place, and it must be published by May 7, 2023. The Government is required to regularly review state pension age according to The Pensions Act 2014. The review will consider the latest life expectancy data among other factors. A wide range of evidence will be considered, with the Government committing to the following: Britons can get a projection of their state pension age through the official Government website. By entering their date of birth, they can be told what their state pension age is expected to be, and the date they will reach it. The service can also be used to check someone’s Pension Credit qualifying age, which is usually the same as their state pension age. They can also find out their free bus pass age.