It comes after the Russian army failed to make any progress in advancing on Kyiv yesterday as “fuel and sustainment” issues gave Ukrainians at least 24 hours of breathing room. But Russia’s military has managed to cause some damage in Kyiv, yesterday blasting the city’s main television tower, which knocked down state broadcasting and killed five people. Worryingly, the Russian military appears to be piling up in a terrifying queue as the invaders prepare to enter the capital, satellite images have revealed. But entry may have been delayed as a barrage of problems are reportedly hindering the attack plans, including a lack of gas. Fuel supplies are not usually a problem for Russia, which is one of the world's major suppliers. The country is responsible 40 percent of Europe’s gas imports alone and it is also the second largest producer of crude oil. But fuel may start to become a bigger problem for Russia after harsh Western sanctions have ravage its industries while major energy companies pull billions out of major projects. Russia’s oil trade has also been dealt a major blow. Oil prices have now skyrocketed to their highest levels in more than seven years this week. Supplies have been slashed and major disruptions to crude exports from Russia have been caused by sanctions. Oil producers are also reportedly refusing to sell oil to Russia. Now, there have been claims that Russia has not been able to advance on Kyiv because they are “running out of gas”. Jack Detsch, at Foreign Policy wrote on Twitter: “Russia has not been able to advance on Kyiv due to fuel & sustainment problems. READ MORE: Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war "Not only are they running out of gas, they're running out of food." A US Defence official said yesterday that the Russian advance on Kyiv made little progress in 24 hours, claiming that "It (Russia’s military) doesn’t appear to be making a lot of progress”. The official claimed that Russia has committed more than 80 percent of pre-staged troops into Ukraine. He added that "some of it has to do with their own sustainment and logistics". But the panic is not over, as the official warned that the Russian troops “will regroup, they will adjust, they will change their tactics”. DON'T MISS Pakistan and Russia strike gas deal as pair form ‘new world order’ [REPORT] Erdogan ties with Putin in tatters after nuclear threat [INSIGHT] Biden humiliated as Putin set for major new energy deal [REVEAL] Russia has also been targeting oil and gas facilities in a wave of attacks in its “full-scale invasion”. Just south of Kyiv, the Russian military blasted an oil depot near airbase in Vasylkiv. And a gas pipeline in Kharkiv was also blown up, which is the second largest in the country, according to Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky. Britain’s Ministry of Defence said: “The speed of the Russian advance has temporarily slowed, likely as a result of acute logistical difficulties and strong Ukrainian resistance.”