 Anna Ledgar, a 28-year-old gym manager, was on her way to work at Macclesfield Football Club at the time. She was driving her Seat Leon along the B5030 Ashbourne Road between Uttoxeter and Rocester shortly before 1pm on October 18. Ms Ledgar, whose partner Greg Peters described as an “amazing woman” who was his “perfect match”, had pulled out of a KFC drive-thru with a food order moments before the crash. An inquest heard her car either drifted or swerved over the central white line into the path of an oncoming vehicle. Ms Ledgar’s car then collided head-on with the other vehicle - a Peugeot taxi. The taxi driver was seriously injured in the crash. He told an inquest he remembered hearing a “massive bang”. The next thing he recalled was seeing himself bleeding heavily and in pain. The taxi driver said in a statement: “The collision happened on my side of the road and I had no chance at all to take evasive action.” Other motorists came to help the drivers after the accident and called emergency services, who found Ms Ledgar unresponsive in the driver’s seat. She was rushed to Royal Stoke University Hospital where she died the following day. The inquest heard Ms Ledgar had suffered an “unsurvivable” traumatic brain injury as a result of the crash. Mr Peters, who lived with Ms Ledgar in Abbots Bromley, near Uttoxeter, had been intending to propose to his partner before the accident. He arranged for a vicar to give a blessing to the couple and he placed a ring on Ms Ledgar’s finger while she lay in her hospital bed, Stoke-on-Trent Live reports. Paying tribute to his partner after her death, heartbroken Mr Peters said: “Anna was just an amazing person. All she ever wanted was the best for people. She wanted to help people achieve their goals - in the gym or just in life.” The young woman had been due to work a late shift at Macclesfield FC on the evening of October 18. She had only recently got the job as gym manager at the club. Mr Peters said he left for work at 6.30am that morning, leaving Ms Ledgar in bed. He said: “She walked the dogs before going to work.” At 2.30pm that afternoon he received a call to say she had been involved in an accident and was in hospital. Mr Peters said he had “never known” his partner to eat or drink while driving. He told an inquest that he was surprised to hear she had called at KFC as she had taken food with her to eat later that day. A motorist recalled seeing a woman in front of her collect a box at the window of the KFC drive-thru shortly before the crash at 12.37pm. The same woman happened to be travelling several cars behind Ms Ledgar when they both joined the B5030. She said her attention was drawn to the Seat when it “went into the opposing lane”. Another driver on the other side of the road had to veer onto the grass verge to avoid a crash with Ms Ledgar’s car when it swerved into the opposing side. The driver said she saw the crash in her rear view mirror, and recalled one of the vehicles “going up in the air”. In a statement, the witness said: “I was in total shock at the time. If I hadn’t taken the action I did, the car would have hit me. She made no attempt to get out of the way.” PS Sarah Mulvey, a forensic investigator, said there was no evidence of Ms Ledgar braking before the impact or any obstruction on the road. Food was found on the Seat’s airbag which was deployed on impact. Acting South Staffordshire senior coroner Andrew Barkley said this “suggests very strongly” that the young woman was eating at the time of the crash. The coroner concluded that the death was due to a road traffic collision. Ms Ledgar was on the organ donor register, with her organs donated to save the lives of six other people after her death.