Carol Vorderman, 61, looked phenomenal in a new selfie shared with her 480,000 Twitter followers. The media personality smiled for the camera as she got ready for her appearance on BBC Radio Wales. She boasted her natural no-makeup look despite candidly confessing she was “slightly hungover” after watching the rugby. Carol looked cosy at home in a plaid turtleneck jumper while she posed in the sunshine. She captioned the post: “Excited for the show today @BBCRadioWales. “My lovely @bryanadams is on....got a feeling he might be serenading me. His new album is called ‘so happy it hurts’. “So for your shoutout: When was the last time you were so happy it hurt? She concluded: “#slightlyhungoverlook after the game.” Carol recently shared a throwback picture from her university days, prompting a reply from her old university. The former Countdown host went to read engineering at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge in 1978. She became one of the youngest women accepted to Cambridge University at the time. Carol studied engineering and left the university with a third class degree, something she told The Independent in 1997 was very "disappointing". The TV looked back on her time at university earlier this week as she shared her graduation pictures with her Twitter followers. In the photographs, Carol can be seen wearing no make-up and with her natural brunette hair permed. DON'T MISS‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart, 77, forced to fix nightmare potholes near his home [LATEST]Robbie Williams says he and wife have nowhere to live [NEWS] She wrote alongside the images: "Ha... 1981.. age 20 (started @Cambridge_Uni age 17)...awwwwwww. "Whose idea was it to have a bad perm just before graduation? Oh yes... mine." (sic) The official account for Cambridge University replied: "Not a bad perm at all, Carol!" Surprised by the response, Carol replied: "LOL it's official... my @Cambridge_Uni perm wasn't a bad one at all." Other social media users replied to Carol’s tweet to compliment her. TalHus3 stated: "You looked divine then and even more divine now beautiful." Langlands_paul added: "The 80s was the wet look I recall. I had one too so you're not on your own." NoorNoor1904 wrote: "Carol looks more beautiful with age."