Coverage for the Liverpool versus Norwich City FA Cup match will begin at 7pm and continue until 9.30pm, meaning Coronation Street fans will have to miss out on their dose of the ITV staple. Recent episodes will have left fans eager to find out how the Weatherfield residents are going to tackle their latest dramas. The last instalment saw Chesney Brown (played by Sam Aston) racing to the airport to stop his son Joseph Brown (William Flanagan) from leaving for Portugal with his grandmother. The soap usually airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, with a mix of single and double instalments. The FA Cup is taking priority over usual soap slots across different channels, with fellow soaps like Emmerdale and EastEnders also taking a backseat this week. Coronation Street will continue on Friday for an hour-long episode at 8pm and an episode will also air on Sunday at 8pm. Fans of the soap weren't pleased to learn that the soap had once again been cancelled after several recent schedule shake-ups. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series Twitter user @ViewingSituation1 asked: "Why does football matter more than Coronation Street? "I hate watching football. Why can't football be on a channel made just for football? "Then anyone wanting football goes to the football channel. Simple." Jonathan Reed wrote: "I’ve just thought, next week @emmerdale & @itvcorrie change to their new times, last night each showed an hour episode because of football today, so when they switch to new lengths and times, will we have 2-hour specials when football is on? #coronationstreet." @Randomone argued: "Why not put the football on bbc2 and ITV4!!! #emmerdale #corrie #EastEnders." "No Emmerdale or Corrie apparently due to football so classic Emmerdale and Corrie it is," @Anjiemaye penned. Karen Cooper fumed: "Damn football. Plus Corrie and Emmerdale start their new times this month too. Why can't they leave things that work alone?" The FA Cup has disrupted several shows this week, with soaps mainly taking the hit. DON'T MISS... Trigger Point's Vicky McClure hits back at fans over finale backlash [LATEST]Peaky Blinders' Joe Cole on thing BBC role left him unable to do [INTERVIEW]80-year-old Ukrainian woman left to freeze on Polish border [VIDEO] Coronation Street fans will be eager to find out what will come of Adam Barlow (Sam Robertson). His ex, Lydia Chambers (Rebecca Ryan) has lied to his wife Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien), claiming the two had been having an affair. She went as far as faking text messages and using his bank cards to pay for hotel rooms. Although the vengeful woman is making the whole thing up, will Adam be able to convince Sarah of his innocence? Meanwhile, Emma Brooker (Alexandra Mardell) has her eye on Jon. Faye Windass (Ellie Leach) is furious with her friend for potentially forming a relationship with a person should be hiding from. The youngster is worried she will end up back in prison because her and Emma's reckless driving caused the death of Jon's grandfather. With Faye's partner Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) quitting his job as a police officer to protect them both, the consequences could be disastrous for them all. Coronation Street continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.