Guy Verhofstadt, an MEP and former Prime Minister of Belgium, said this afternoon (Sunday) that sanctions prohibiting the use of the SWIFT international financial communications service should be extended to all Russian banks. Further sanctions involving SWIFT are something that Boris Johnson has been pushing for with allies.  Mr Verhofstadt’s remarks come in response to polling by German publication Bild which found that 60 percent of Germans believe their country should stop importing gas from Russia. Germany and the EU announced a raft of sanctions against Russia over Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, which is now in its tenth day. This included the financing of arms for another country for the first time in its history, with €450million (£375million) being provided for weaponry to be supplied to Ukraine. Germany also renounced its long-held tradition of arming another nation to support Ukraine’s military.  READ MORE: Scholz told to ditch Nord Stream 1 to help Ukraine As part of the sanctions, Chancellor Olaf Scholz cancelled the certification of the controversial Nord Stream 2 pipeline – something which Russia had been doggedly vying for. However, the bloc has been criticised for remaining overly-reliant on Russian fossil fuels, with estimates suggesting that Russian imports account for as much as 40 percent of the EU’s energy. Today, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen reportedly refused to say whether the EU was prepared to ban imports of Russian oil and gas. According to Politico, she said: “We have to get rid of the dependency [on] fossil fuels from Russia.  “We’re just discussing in the European Union a strategic approach, a plan on how to accelerate investments into renewables, how to diversify our energy supply for example with you, our friends in the US for [liquid natural gas] [...] and other friends around the world, how to invest heavily in biogas and in hydrogen that is homegrown. “This is not only a strategic investment into our energy security but it is also good for the climate.” Mr Verhofstadt implored Germany and the EU to “go turkey on Russian gas” as a measure that “we absolutely need this week”. He also called for an “enhanced” humanitarian and military response, and to “extend SWIFT sanctions to ALL Russian banks”.  DON'T MISS SNP plot to EXPEL nuclear subs torn apart as Sturgeon comes under fire [REACTION] Britons to save thousands after France scrap hated Post-Brexit rule [ANALYSIS] Putin fearing Russia backlash: 'Riot police everywhere!' [INSIGHT] Bild’s poll also found that almost half of Germans – 48 percent – thought that sanctions were not far-reaching enough. Just 16 percent thought that the sanctions went too far. Mr Scholz has faced calls to not stop at cancelling Nord Stream 2 – which would have channelled gas directly from Russia to Germany, circumventing Ukraine – but end the use of Nord Stream 1 as well. Earlier this week, Sergiy Makogon, head of the gas pipeline operator Gas Transmission System Operator of Ukraine (GTSOU), told German newspaper Der Tagesspiegel: “Germany is on the right track. The cancellation of Nord Stream 2 was the right decision – for us and for Germany.  “Since there was no need for additional gas capacity, Nord Stream 2 was only a political project from the beginning. Economically, it never made any sense. “From my point of view, it would be helpful if Germany also stopped Nord Stream 1. GTSOU could handle the capacities. “Increasing dependence on Ukrainian infrastructure could increase the pressure on Russia to stop its invasion of Ukraine and ensure that Ukrainian gas infrastructure does not become a target of Russian attacks.” In a call with Ukrainian President Volodomyr Zelensky today, Prime Minister Boris Johnson promised to continue pressing other world leaders to take further action in removing Russia from SWIFT.  A Downing Street spokesperson said Mr Johnson wanted to “ensure the wishes of the Ukrainian people are at the forefront of the international response going forward.” Meanwhile, Antony Blinken, the US Secretary of State, said his country and its European partners were in “very active discussion” over a ban on Russian oil imports. The US had reportedly pushed for an end to the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, and had last year redirected shipments of natural gas to Europe amid a shortage. 