Images show captured Russian soldiers looking broken and dishevelled were first posted by a news network in Chernihiv, a city to the north-east of Kyiv. The captured Russian soldiers were videoed after being “ambushed” by civilians in the Sribnyanshchyna region, according to Ukrainian news station Public Chernihiv.  The footage was taken on March 14, it said, after six Russian servicemen, led by Russian Major Viktor Blyudin, laid down their arms. The Mail reports that the group surrendered after hearing that Russians in a neighbouring area had given up their weapons. It follows other reports of Russian soldiers surrendering in Ukraine after being made to attack fellow Slavic people, with claims that some soldiers believed they were taking part in a training exercise instead of an invasion. In the video, made by a local newspaper, the bedraggled soldiers are spoken to by someone off-camera.  READ MORE: Putin's troops trap 400 hostages at Ukrainian hospital, official says The soldiers can be heard repeating after their Ukrainian captors the phrase “Putin in a d***head”. The soldiers also reportedly expressed regret at the invasion of Ukraine, and to beg Ukrainians for forgiveness. According to the Mail, one of the soldier wearing a black cap - which he was held up by during the video - expressed his love for his wife. He added: “I hope that she will forgive me for coming here.”  Another soldier, repeated after the Ukrainian cameraman: “Glory to Ukraine. Death to Russia.” According to the Mail’s translation, one soldier, who gave his name as Anton Nikulkov, told his family and kids: “Don't worry, I'm fine, everything's going to be okay.” Meanwhile, Dmitry Kamyanikov appeared genuinely regretful for Russia’s military incursion into Ukraine.  DON'T MISSRAF emergency: Typhoon jet forced into U-turn after emitting ‘squawk’ [INSIGHT]First picture of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe COMING HOME [REVEAL]Putin Shambles: Russian forces routed - column wiped out VIDEO [REPORT] He reportedly told the cameraman: “I stand in front of them [the Ukrainians] guilty, I didn't want to go to war here. “I haven't killed anybody, I swear. I'm asking for your forgiveness for coming here.” The group’s leader, Major Blyudin, appeared more reluctant than his subordinate officers to speak after being captured. However, he ultimately joined them in announcing that the Russian President had a phallic head.   The soldiers were said to have insisted they were in the area on a reconnaissance mission, rather than a combat role. The local newspaper speculated that this may have been a tactic to avoid greater anger from their captors.   Chernihiv was an area subject to fierce shelling from Russian forces at the end of February, and remains under attack now. This afternoon (Wednesday), the US Embassy in Kyiv claimed that Russian forces had shot and killed ten people standing in line for bread in the city.