The FA have released a statement after Chelsea have agreed to withdraw their request ahead of Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final clash against Middlesbrough. Chelsea had originally asked to have the game played behind closed doors, but they have now been forced into a U-turn. Chelsea have withdrawn their request to have their upcoming FA Cup tie against Middlesbrough played behind closed doors. The Blues are currently unable to sell tickets to fans due to the sanctions placed on Russian owner Roman Abramovich, although they have been granted a special licence to play the remaining fixtures this season. And out of fear that they would be at a disadvantage without fans, they initially asked to have the game played behind closed doors. But a PR disaster has led them to withdraw their request following fierce backlash and also following FA guidance, allowing Middlesbrough fans to still attend. Although Chelsea initially asked to remove fans out of fear of feeling outnumbered, the request has made matters worse, and outrage amongst neutral fans gas actually led the Blues coming under further fire. And the FA have released a statement on the matter. MUST READ: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected The FA released the following statement regarding Chelsea's request: "After constructive talks between The FA and Chelsea, the club has agreed to remove their request for the Emirates FA Cup Quarter Final tie against Middlesbrough to be played behind closed doors. "The FA remains in ongoing discussions with Chelsea, the Premier League and the Government to find a solution that would enable both Chelsea fans to attend games and away fans to attend Stamford Bridge, whilst ensuring sanctions are respected." Chelsea may feel hard done by that fans are unable to attend, but it would also be increasingly harsh to punish Championship side Middlesbrough in the process. Boro are playing their first quarter-final since 2017, and they're just one game away from a trip to Wembley. DON'T MISSFour managers Chelsea could turn to if Tuchel leaves after Abramovich crisis Arsenal can't afford to make Dusan Vlahovic mistake with Mikel Arteta targetLiverpool's XI next season if Mohamed Salah leaves and Reds sign £67m replacement The tie will be played on Saturday as Middlesbrough look to knock out their third Premier League heavyweight of the season, and after already stunning Manchester United and Tottenham, they will be full of confidence. The Riverside Stadium hosted Tottenham in the last round, as Josh Coburn's strike in extra-time meant that Spurs will have to wait at least another year to end their 14-year wait for a trophy. And now they will play host yet again, this time with the whole stadium supporting Middlesbrough, as Chelsea will be playing in front of no away support. Chelsea are currently only allowed to offer seats to season ticket holders that already purchased their year-long commitment at the start of the year, and due to the recent sanctions, single match tickets are no longer allowed to be sold. That means that single tickets to Premier League games are no longer permitted, and for each round that they progress in the FA Cup and in the Champions League, they will be without fans. It's also yet to be seen how they will travel to Middlesbrough, as they have also been capped to a budget of £20,000 to travel to away games, which may not be too much of an issue on Saturday, but it may be problematic further down the line in the Champions League. Even without the away support, Chelsea are heavy favourites to end Middlesbrough's surprise hot streak in the competition. But they can'e be ruled out after their recent run, and Thomas Tuchel will be aware of the dangers they possess. Although Middlesbrough will have all of the support within the stadium, it's likely that Chelsea will feel like the victims anyway, with the vast majority of Britain backing the underdogs to cause another cup upset.