Sarah told Express.co.uk that she was shamed by her dentist for the state of her teeth and, because of it, refused to smile in photos. She thought about her teeth constantly, before finally deciding to do something about them. Sarah, 31, is a project manager in medical research and also competes in CrossFit competitions. Describing her teeth, she told Express.co.uk: “I had yellow overlapping front teeth, a dead front tooth, which was darker, and cavities in quite a few teeth, which you could see when I smiled or talked. “It was not a nice smile.” Sarah thought back to her childhood and explained how her dentist was “really rude”. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps She said: “He told me I should thank my parents for my bad teeth. “He also didn’t use anaesthetic, so I felt every painful dental treatment. “I felt really uncomfortable every time I had to go. It was not a nice experience.” Although Sarah has always felt comfortable in her body and has been photographed regularly in a bikini or short shorts while participating in CrossFit competitions, she was ashamed of her smile. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] The 31-year-old explained: “You won’t find any pictures of me smiling, I would always close my mouth and make sure I was photographed from a specific angle as I thought my teeth looked worst from the side. “I didn’t even smile in my wedding photos. I was just so used to smiling with my mouth closed. “I even thought about my teeth when I was competing,” Sarah added. “I used to be a body builder, and was happy to present myself on stage in a bikini, but I didn’t feel comfortable smiling. “I placed third in my first CrossFit competition. I remember thinking, everyone is taking photos, you can’t smile. “It takes some of the joy away when you can’t smile even when you’re happy, when you’ve won. “I avoided laughing with people I didn’t know well – I was just always conscious of my teeth, it was exhausting.” When Sarah turned 30, she decided she wanted to do something about her teeth. After doing her research, the Londoner came across leading aesthetic dental expert Dr Safa Al-Naher, founder of new premium dental practice Serene by Safa in Knightsbridge. Dr Safa conducted a deep gum treatment on Sarah and restored her teeth with active or historical cavities. She and her team then carried out internal whitening of her darker tooth, to improve the aesthetics before applying a crown. Finally, they fitted three veneers and a crown, and placed white fillings to disguise previous cavities on Sarah’s other teeth. Although the treatment cost Sarah around £8,000, she said it was worth it. The 31-year-old explained: “It was expensive, but it is an investment and absolutely worth it considering how it changed my life.” She added that her mental health has changed drastically since her transformation, saying: “I have so much more self-confidence now, it makes a big change. “I train three hours a day for my CrossFit competitions. Before my smile transformation, when I was training, even when I was exhausted, I was always conscious not to show my teeth, and avoid speaking to people when I could, trying to hide my smile. “I can enjoy life in a different way now. “I’m a better wife, I’m a better friend. I have a lot more fun now.”