Bernie Ecclestone says the cancellation of the Russian Grand Prix from the upcoming Formula One season 'won't make a difference' to Vladimir Putin. The decision came after Russia invaded Ukraine last month.  Russian troops pushed into the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine last Thursday, with many civilians fearing for their lives. While the Russian Grand Prix has been on the F1 calendar for the last eight years, there will not be a ninth consecutive race due to the country's invasion of their neighbours. And Ecclestone has branded the decision as senseless, claiming 'it won't affect Putin at all' in terms of the President's plan to inflict more bombings and terror upon Ukraine. "As far as I know there is no war in Russia and if the race were to go ahead it would make no difference," Ecclestone told news agency AFP. "The idea of punishing Russia in a sporting sense in this way won't affect Putin at all." Earlier on Saturday, Haas confirmed they had been sacked by Haas as a result of the invasion. The US-based team have also terminated the contract of their title sponsor, Uralkali. Uralkali is owned by Mazepin's billionaire father Dmitry, who is a close associate of Putin.  But Ecclestone leapt to the driver's defence after he was forced to race under a neutral FIA flag, claiming there is no direct link between the war and sport, before Mazepin was axed by Haas. "It was absolutely the right decision by the FIA," the 91-year-old told PA news agency. "There are so many things being agreed by the world about this conflict between Russia and Ukraine. But I don’t think anybody has really thought it through, or got their heads around it. "If there is a Russian driver in F1, what does it have to do with Russia fighting a war? There is no relationship there. "The Russian athletes have nothing to do with this conflict. They are not part of it, and they have never been part of it. They just happen to be Russian." Ecclestone has made a number of controversial comments since the war in Ukraine began and defended Putin just days after the invasion, describing him as an 'honourable' person. F1 has not been the only sport to take action against Russian athletes. Elsewhere, several players and managers have left Russian clubs, with FK Krasnodar releasing eight of their European stars alongside mutually terminating the contract of manager Daniel Farke - formerly of Norwich City - while Russian Paralympic athletes were banned from the Games in Bejing after a late U-turn. The Russian Football Union, meanwhile, is set to appeal the ban issued to them by UEFA earlier this week that means their clubs cannot play in European competition. 