Victoria and Daniel inspected the Victoria Lock, named for the future Queen of Sweden, which will help ensure access to drinking water and manage the flood risk in the Swedish capital. They were joined by their children, Princess Estelle, 10 and Prince Oscar, 6. The whole family wore high-vis, hard hats and safety goggles as the children looked on with awe. It is rare for the princess to bring her children out with her,  and there has been speculation that the royal couple are trying to put on a show of unity. Last month they released an official statement addressing claims in the media of an “impending divorce”. In it they said: “It has come to our knowledge that there is an extensive negative rumour spread regarding our private relationship.  “Allegations are spreading about betrayal in the relationship and an impending divorce. “In normal cases, we do not comment on rumours and speculation. “But in order to protect our family, we want to make it clear, once and for all, that the rumours that are now spreading are completely unfounded.”  READ MORE: Nine royals who could take centre stage during Prince Charles' reign Days later they put on a united front at a video conference organised by the Crown Princess Couple’s Foundation. The Foundation aims to improve the physical and mental health of younger generations. This meeting on February 21 was intended to educate the royal couple on the measures being taken to protect children from trafficking and sexual abuse.  DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle got on ‘extremely well’ with Queen during first meeting [REVEAL]Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis [ANALYSIS]Queen 'will remain' head of state after Scottish independence [INSIGHT] Victoria and Daniel have been married since June 2010. Pictures were recently released by the family to mark their children’s birthdays, as Princess Estelle turned 10 on February 23 and Prince Oscar celebrated his sixth birthday on March 2. Victoria took the pictures herself, echoing the Duchess of Cambridge’s preference to release relaxed family portraits instead of official ones. Crown Princess Victoria will one day succeed her father King Carl XVI Gustaf to become Queen. 