Zara Tindall welcomed her third child with Mike Tindall on March 21, 2021. The couple named their first son Lucas who joined his older sisters Mia, eight, and Lena, three, to the Tindall family. But will parenting their son be different from parenting their daughters?  Angela Karanja, an Adolescent Psychologist and founder of the Raising Remarkable Teenagers Movement, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis on the subject. She said: “I believe Mike and Zara are flexible parents. Both having engaged in competitive sports, they know the value that flexibility and fluidity is for achieving success. “Being flexible means, they are capable of transferring skills that they’ve used for sports success to parenting and are able and prepared to tweak accordingly what has worked for their girls and adapt to parenting their young son. “Following this rationale, I believe it’s just as easy for them to raise a boy just as they have raised their girls. READ MORE: Zara Tindall and Princess Anne's history with horses: Found 'freedom'  “Of course, time will tell, and they will probably tell us if it’s been easier or harder raising their boy compared to the girls. “Parenting strategies for boys and girls can begin to become more diverse and niche as kids grow and begin to form their own personalities. “Then there’s a requirement on parents to refine and address specific needs depending on their children’s sex and gender. “But at the moment, apart from possibly buying different clothes to fit the boy anatomy, I doubt the parenting skills are much different at this age as compared to how they parented their girls at that age.  “The love and care is standard of course - Mike gave the world insight into his feelings even before the boy was born. “Mike said: ‘I’ll love it whether a boy or a girl.’” Mike has openly discussed playing rugby with his daughters - but will he be more excited to play sports with his son? Angela continued: “I believe Mike Is even more likely to enjoy playing rugby with his son. “It’s obvious after having two girls, Mike really yearned for a boy and in one of his public statements, Mike mentioned he wanted a boy three times!  “‘I’d like a boy this time, I’ve got two girls, I would like a boy. I’ll love it whether a boy or a girl, but please be a boy.’ “This strongly suggests he so wished for a boy. He had dreams where he was possibly mapping out everything he'd do with his boy - ‘I’ll do this and that with the boy when he’s this age, when this age I’ll take him here or there’ - possibly even dreaming of them two having rugby drills,” the expert noted. Angela added: “I think his wishes were beautifully and bountifully fulfilled when baby Lucas arrived. “We look forward to seeing all those dreams Mike had in mind play out physically as his boy grows.” Zara Is a bit of a tomboy, and even represented Team GB in the 2012 London Olympics, winning a silver medal.  This means she will more than likely be able to bond with her son if he turns out as sporty as his parents. Angela said: “I think Zara is very much in tune with both her oestrogen (female) side as well as and testosterone (male) side of herself and confidently accepts and embraces these two integral parts of being a wholesome human being. “The ability to be aware and accept yourself, all the parts of you, is essential for developing a healthy self-esteem. “Parents who have accepted themselves wholly and have this healthy self-esteem are more confident and able to relate and be supportive to their children whatever sex they are and from whichever angle their children are coming from. “I believe Zara with the same love and acceptance she has for her testosterone side of herself will easily relate with her son in a healthy way, encouraging him to be loved and embrace himself wholly as a human person.” 