Lady Gabriella Windsor looked stunning on her wedding day to Thomas Kingston back in 2019. Gabriella, who is the daughter of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, married Thomas Kingston today at Windsor Castle. The bride looked stunning as she arrived for the ceremony, wearing a gown by Luisa Beccaria with an elaborate veil.  As Gabriella stepped out at the chapel, fans got the very first glimpse at her royal wedding tiara. Gabriella chose a Russian fringe style diamond tiara, often called the Kent City of London Fringe tiara, to complete her wedding day look. This tiara has a special connection for Gabriella. But what was it? Gabriella’s wedding tiara was also worn by her mother, Princess Michael of Kent, and her grandmother, Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent, on their wedding days.  READ MORE: Kate's 'charming body language' met with 'frostiness from Eugenie' Princess Michael's wedding was held on June 30, 1978, and the Princess, who is also known as Marie Christine, wore the tiara to a ball that was held after her wedding ceremony, rather than to the entire affair. The Kent City of London Fringe tiara was originally given to Marie Christine's mother-in-law, Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent, by the city of London on her wedding day in 1934. Eventually, Marina's son Prince Michael inherited the tiara when she died in 1968. Gabriella also could have worn the Kent Pearl Festoon Tiara, another favourite design of her mother's.  Princess Michael has worn the tiara on a number of occasions through the years. Like the Kent City of London Fringe tiara, the Kent Pearl Festoon was inherited by Prince Michael of Kent in 1968 when Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent died. Ailsa Russell Gemologist and Appraiser Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Pawn spoke to Express.co.uk about the tiara. She said: “This beautiful Russian inspired diamond set gold and silver tiara originally belonged to Princess Marina of Kent, gifted before her wedding to the Duke of Kent in 1934.  “Welcoming the Greek and Dutch Princess to the country it was gifted to her by the City of London. It was worn by Princess Alexandra on her wedding day and has become another icon of the Royal Kent Family collection of jewels. “The magnificent graduated fringe design is heavily set with beautifully bright diamonds, and rather uniquely for a fringe tiara it cannot also be worn as a necklace. “Today the diadem is favoured by Princess Michael of Kent and has featured in official portraits and regularly worn to state occasions, notably the Princess wore it for a ball in Vienna on her wedding night. “Likely featuring over 100cts of diamonds, a diadem of this provenance and importance would likely reach £1million- £3million.”  Gabriella and Thomas’ wedding ceremony took place at St George's Chapel in Windsor, a popular spot for such occasions. It also provided the backdrop for the weddings of Princess Eugenie and Prince Harry in 2018. The bride wore a stunning gown by Italian designer Luisa Beccaria, which featured a cream blush train with antique rose embroidery. The body was slim-fitting with a round-neckline and lace sleeves, while the train flared out dramatically. Gabriella's nine flower girls and page boys wore matching designs, also created by Luisa Beccaria. Guests included several members of the Royal Family, including the Queen, Prince Harry, Prince Andrew, Princess Anne, and Sarah, Duchess of York. 