Dieting and exercising doesn't have to be a chore; it can become a hobby or even a profession over time. But if you're looking for a quick fix, fitness experts warn it could do your body more harm than good. It's no secret that social media pays a huge part in how we view ourselves in this day and age, but even the movies can give people unrealistic expectations. With Hollywood blockbuster films such as The Batman, which hits cinemas this week, fitness experts at Origym have warned of the unrealistic expectations of actors shedding and/or putting on weight for their roles in a very short period of time, claiming it's very unhealthy and can be a real danger. From drastic weight gain to shocking weight loss, on-screen talent have proved just how adaptable our bodies are if put under severe time contraints. But at what cost? READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha weight loss: Diet secret that 'doesn't cost a penny' Using Joaquin Phoenix, who played The Joker in the 2019 hit film, as an example, experts at personal training course provider Origym analysed his gruelling transformation to play Gotham's villain. They highlighted that he, and other actors whose bodies have undergone the same extreme changes, may have caused considerable damage by changing weight this drastically. And they warned people to stay away from these quick-fix ideas. Personal trainer Luke Hughes, explained: "Losing or gaining one-two pounds per week is considered a healthy and safe rate to change weight. DON'T MISS...Dr Michael Mosley: 'Absolutely vital' micronutrient for weight loss [HEALTH NEWS]Mark Labbett weight loss: How The Chase star dropped 10 stone [PICS]Susanna Reid weight loss: GMB star follows a few very simple tricks [DIET TIPS] "But many of these actors have lost or gained an extensive amount of weight in a short period. "This will have likely put a considerable amount of stress on their bodies." Phoenix's transformation is perhaps the most recognisable. While showing how dedicated an actor he is to his profession, he shocked people with his new look. His character, Arthur Fleck, was meant to look malnourished and the Oscar winner embarked on a restricted eating plan, which was supervised by a doctor. To convey Fleck’s ominous character, Phoenix lost a whopping 52lbs by eating a restrictive diet comprised mainly of apples and steamed vegetables, which is not recommended for anyone. But Luke worried losing this much weight over a short time will have likely done damage to Phoenix’s body. "Severely restricting calories for a long period of time can lead to nutrient deficiencies," he said. "This can result in a range of problems, including brittle hair and nails, extreme fatigue, weakened bones, hair loss, and osteoporosis." While these quick-fix diets can help shed the pounds fast, research has proven most of the time they come back with a vengeance. Many medical professionals inclusion the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) insist that people who make real, sustainable lifestyle changes are better-equipped to keep weight off. They, like Luke, also recommend a loss of one to two pounds per week to be healthy and realistic.