The Speaker hit out at Conservative MPs during Prime Ministers' Questions (PMQs) earlier today, after they were heckling Labour MP Matt Western. Mr Western, who was trying to make a joke about Chancellor Rishi Sunak, was drowned out by Conservative MPs. Sir Lindsay attempted to silence the MPS but after they continued, he said: "Shut up and be quiet - behave yourselves!" He then told Mr Western that he hoped he had "come to the end of the question". The Speaker then added: "I think the prime minister got the gist of it because I certainly have." Sir Lindsay also faced controversy today after he corrected Boris Johnson for mistakenly calling the SNP the "Scottish Nationalist Party". He intervened, saying: "Just for the record it's National Party." Hitting out at the Speaker, one Twitter user Marcus Walker (@WalkerMarcus) wrote: "I presume the Speaker's going to intervene to stop people referring to the "Tory Party"? No? Oh, funny that. "After a good start, Speaker Hoyle seems to be edging closer and closer to the habits of the execrable Bercow." Another user, Gill P (@h48052341) added: "Sir Lindsay should think carefully. "Speakers are respected for being neutral - he is dangerously close to going down the same path as Bercow - who is now a national disgrace and embarrassment." Steve Carstairs (@steve_carstairs) agreed, writing: "You sir are becoming the new Bercow and we all know what happened to him!! "You started well but are now showing your true colours and bias!" READ MORE: ‘It became very tense’ Lindsay Hoyle exposes Bercow relationship Paul (@ppp2107) added: "Thought you would have been a better speaker than Bercow but you are gradually getting alike him". During Mr Bercow's time as speaker, he faced criticism for being "biased", with Tory MPs accusing the speaker of being too soft on Labour MPs. The staunch Remainer was also accused of "blatant bias" against Brexit by Conservative MPs who demanded that he should be challenged in his constituency. Tory MP David Davies said: "Remain-supporting MPs – including Mr Bercow – are using every trick in the book and tearing up all precedence to try to prevent the democratic voice of the public from being heard on Brexit. "We have to fight this battle in the same way." DON'T MISS: UK deploys 'submarine hunter' aircraft as Putin ramps up sea warfare [REPORT] Poland breaks ranks with EU to pull rug from under Putin [INSIGHT] John Bercow visited by police at London home after 'late night row' [REVEAL] Writing in The Mail on Sunday, former deputy speaker Natascha Engel accused Mr Bercow of being "in open opposition to the people who voted to leave". The former speaker was also recently found to be a "serial bully" and liar in a recent independent inquiry into his conduct, causing him to be banned from the parliamentary estate. The independent panel upheld 21 out of 35 complaints against him by former staff and colleagues. The panel said: "The respondent’s conduct was so serious that, had he still been a member of parliament, we would have determined that he should be expelled by resolution of the house. "As it is, we recommend that he should never be permitted a pass to the parliamentary estate." It added: "[Bercow] has been widely unreliable and repeatedly dishonest in his evidence. "He has attempted to defeat these complaints by false accusations of collusion and by advancing lies." A spokesperson for the Speaker's Office told Express.co.uk: "It was a rowdy last session of PMQs and the Speaker dealt with events in his usual good humoured way. "The Speaker is bound by the rules of the House, but it is his prerogative to step in when he feels it is necessary."