Death in Paradise star Josephine Jobert has taken to Instagram to address an "embarrassing" moment with her co-star, Ralf Little. The actress, 36, who plays DS Florence Cassel on the hit show, responded to a picture a fan had messaged her along with their thoughts. In view of her 103,000 followers, the French native candidly addressed a photo with Ralf which she revealed was taken at an "awkward" moment. Jospehine wrote: "Ahah we always love a cute/ embarrassing situation like that." The fan had penned: "Awkward moment, love it," alongside two laughing emojis. The picture showed DI Neville Parker and Florence walking together, both grinning from ear to ear. READ MORE: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family Earlier this year, during the eleventh season of Death in Paradise, viewers were desperately waiting for Neville to tell Florence how he felt about her. Ever since the Christmas special aired, fans of the hit BBC show have been wondering whether a relationship will blossom between the two detectives. At one point, Neville was about to tell Florence he had feelings for her, but he was left heartbroken when she said she only cared about him as a friend. However, in a later episode it looked as though Neville was going to pluck up the courage to tell her how he really felt. While they were out on a murder investigation together, Neville asked Florence if she could pull over so they could go on a walk. Florence wondered if Neville's allergies were playing up again, but he wished they were as he could have "popped a couple of antihistamines" to feel better. "I'm sorry, I don't understand," said Florence. The flustered inspector told Florence: "It's us Florence, you said we needed to talk about us and you were right because we can't go on with things like this between us. DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster kisses Dettori at Cheltenham [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Kim Kardashian's 'get your a** up and work' remark [ANALYSIS] "I thought the best thing to do would be to put some space between us but that's just made things more awkward." Florence replied: "But you've made things quite uncomfortable though." Neville explained: "I didn't mean to, I just wanted things to go back to the way they used to be between us as friends. "Because that's all this is, it's just me getting confused about my feelings for someone who is the most fantastic friend. "And I'd never forgive myself if I didn't try and fix this because I know I'm the one who broke it. "Florence, you are the best friend I have ever had and I don't want to lose that so please can we just go back to the way things used to be?" he pleaded with his colleague. Florence agreed and the pair went back to their investigation. However, disappointed viewers soon took to social media to vent their frustrations at Neville's admission of his feelings having amounted to nothing between he and Florence.