Netflix’s award-winning thriller Ozark is set to return to screens with the second part of its fourth and final season. After a tense season finale, fans believe Wendy Byrde (played by Laura Linney) will die for the sake of her children.  Throughout the series, Wendy has had a rollercoaster relationship with her children Jonah Byrde (Skylar Gaertner) and Charlotte Byrde (Sofia Hublitz). After a lucrative deal had gone wrong Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) agreed to relocate his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozark to launder money for the Navarro Cartel. He agreed to the deal to save his life after watching his partner get gunned down. The decision wasn’t welcomed by his children, especially Charlotte who wanted to stay in Chicago with her friends.  READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant? As a result, Charlotte was able to obtain court documents which would emancipate her from her family for good. More recently the roles have been reversed, though Jonah struggled to make friends he found a trustworthy companion in his uncle Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey). However, in the shocking season three finale, he was killed after Wendy made the call to expose her brother’s location, who was wanted. Upon hearing this news, Jonah was filled with rage, he moved out and used the skills he learned from his family to work for their rivals.  Charlotte had become even closer to her parents and had even decided against going to college to continue working for them. This caused a rift between Jonah and Charlotte as he couldn’t understand why she would trust their parents. Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) a young woman who had worked for the Byrde’s since the beginning had also grown to hate the parents and quit making money for them. She was the first to join their enemy Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery) when Marty betrayed her and gave her false hope about being untouchable, but refused to retaliate when she was attacked and in the hospital.  DON'T MISS...The Last of the Summer Wine: What happened to the cast? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4: Ruth and Frank Jr romance 'sealed' as star drops clue? [THEORY] Despite this, fans believe Marty and Wendy will prove themselves to their children, including Ruth and sacrifice their lives for them. Taking To Reddit, user Dennysmithexperience shared their prediction about the Byrde’s fate, when the show makes its comeback. They wrote: “Wendy’s relationship with Jonah is past the point of being salvageable and although some of Wendy’s actions towards Jonah were heavy-handed, misguided, and even draconian, I think that she will never, ever stop protecting him. “The only way that Wendy can be redeemed, both to Jonah and viewers, is if she makes an ultimate sacrifice for his sake.”  The viewer continued: “Ruth has always seen Marty as a father figure, and yet has constantly been met with indifference to her affection. “Over the seasons, this has grown as a complex for Ruth - the Byrde’s tell her she is part of the family, but she has never felt the same kind of familial love that Marty or Wendy show their own blood. “But I think that Marty truly does care about Ruth as family - he just cannot allow himself to become emotionally invested in another person who could be taken from him. They concluded: “Marty will show Ruth that he meant it when he said she was ‘untouchable’. I think that Marty will sacrifice himself to make sure that, when it all comes down to it, Ruth will remain untouched and she will finally realise that he did love her as a daughter.” Ozark season 4, part 2 premieres on Netflix on April 29. 