The ITV comedy-drama premiered in early 2020, with Vera stalwart Brenda fronting the series as Kate. The programme follows the cafe owner and an asylum seeker, Koji (originally played by Jimmy Akingbola) and the unique friendship that develops between them. Ahead of the second series, one of the lead characters has been replaced due to several delays and schedule clashes. Brenda, 76, praised her new "endearing" colleague while wishing the best of luck to her former co-star. In series one, Koji was played by Jimmy Akingbola. The series faced delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which ultimately led to a clash of schedules for Akingbola. The actor had signed up for HBO's The Fresh Prince reboot, Bel-Air, so couldn't film series two of the ITV sitcom. This unexpected change has been resolved though, with newcomer Okorie Chukwu taking on the role of the lead character. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? On her new colleague, Brenda explained: "Okorie is great, we all just love him." She added: "He has a vulnerability about him which is so endearing - and he's great to work with. "I think it's great for Jimmy. We didn't start as we should have done this time last year, you know, these things happen." Talking to Radio Times, she described the "wonderful" job he'd been offered and wished him the best. The series ran into problems amid the numerous delays. Last year, the Vera star explained uncertainties surrounding the series, much to the disappointment of fans. She told ITV in August: "I was due to start Kate and Koji in the studio in January 2021, but there were too many challenges, you couldn’t have a studio audience. “I’m playing a character who is serving tea and sandwiches all day long, and because of Covid protocol, I wouldn’t have been able to pass anything to anyone else. DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Kat Slater's death sealed as she tries to help Phil? [SPOILERS]British national waiting in Calais for visa with Ukrainian in-laws [LATEST]Grant Shapps slammed for defending UK refugee response [VIDEO] “And of course, we had to stay two metres apart. So, the producer has delayed it until after I’ve finished work on Vera later this year.” She continued: “Kate and Koji was designed as one of those old-fashioned comedies with a studio audience, and they did so enjoy it. “We were accused by one newspaper of having canned laughter, but we didn’t, it was real people laughing in the studio. “In fact, they actually had to take some of the laughter out because it made the episodes too long!” The latest episodes of the sitcom aired in April 2020, so fans will likely be pleased to see the series picking up again. The programme saw an unlikely friendship develop between the two lead stars, with the Vera star portraying working-class cafe owner Kate. At the beginning of the series, Kate and Koji never saw eye to eye. But the pair went on to hatch a plan which would benefit both of them in the long run. Kate and Koji returns to ITV on Wednesday, March 16 at 9pm.