Djed Spence has set the Championship alight this season and caught the attention of top clubs all over Europe. However, the right wingback now looks incredibly likely to remain in England even if he does leave Middlesbrough in the summer. Both Arsenal and Tottenham will compete to bring Spence to north London at the end of the season. The Daily Star have revealed that Boro are set to demand £20million for the fullback, showing a willingness to cash in on the defender and put their faith on the also impressive Isaiah Jones. Antonio Conte has been keen to sign a wingback since he was appointed as Spurs boss, and thus the interest in Spence is not out of the ordinary. The former Chelsea boss wanted to sign Adama Traore for the role in January but the Spaniard opted to join Barcelona on a loan to buy deal. However, Bayern Munich have also been linked with Spence and the prospect of playing for the Bundesliga giants would certainly have been persuasive. But it has been revealed that Bayern have their eye on other targets in the summer. JUST IN: Paul Merson proven wrong by Arsenal star who is now 'one of the best' According to journalist Tobi Altschaffl, Spence is on Bayern’s shortlist for the right-back position but is not one of their main targets. He told the Bayern Insider Podcast that the 21-year-old is viewed as a player ‘not worth splashing a lot of money on’. Julian Nagelsmann’s side signed English left-back Omar Richards last year from Reading and he has only featured 10 times for Bayern so far this season, starting just four matches and predominantly viewed as cover for Alphonso Davies. Spence is viewed as a similar type of player to Richards and one that would need to be developed before being a first-team regular.  Spence has impressed on loan at Forest so far this season, with his desire to run the channels and be a presence in the final third catching the eye. But he has been just as strong defensively. Arsenal signed Takehiro Tomiyasu in the summer for their right-back spot so whether Mikel Arteta feels a £20m backup is money well-spent remains to be seen. However, it could signify a change to a back-five at the Emirates Stadium given that Tomiyasu played as a right-sided centre-back previously.