Fern Britton, 64, has been married twice, most recently to Phil Vickery, with their marriage ending in 2020. The former This Morning presenter has now opened up in a new interview about her "first love" and the challenges that came with this, as he was a "heartbreaker". Fern married Clive Jones in 1988 and the couple had three children together. After the birth of their daughter, their marriage began to fall apart, leading to their divorce in 2000. Fern then met Phil Vickery and the pair became an item straight away. They had one child together, with their marriage coming to an end in 2020. However, Fern hasn't divulged many details about her dating history away from her marriages, until speaking to Kate Thornton on her podcast White Wine Question Time, released last Friday, about her "first love". READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award She said: "I was a very independent child as I only had my mother as a parent. "My stepfather turned up when I was about nine or 10 I think, and then I was really launched into being a separate entity now. "My mother had my stepfather and my sister was in London. "Then I got into drama school to be a stage manager, which was incredible. "I got in and had two wonderful years there." Fern then discussed meeting her first boyfriend during her studies and the impact this had on her. She continued: "I had a boyfriend I fell very much in love with, and he was the first person to tell me he loved me. "No one else had ever mentioned that before. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks [OPINION] Dick and Angel Strawbridge reflect on leaving chateau to come 'home' [COMMENT] Laura Adlington shares honest post about her struggle to conceive [INSIGHT] "So I was 17/18 in love with this guy, naughty Nick. "His daughters even tell him now he's a heartbreaker, which he was." There was then a small pause, before Fern continued: "And then I was off into the theatre!" Kate then burst out laughing asking Fern if that was what had really happened. Fern has had a long career in television, starting out on Breakfast Time in the 1980s. She joined mainstream national attention when she hosted the cooking show Ready Steady Cook between 1994 and 2000. Fern then presented on This Morning with Phillip Schofield from 1999 to 2009. When she left, her job was given to Holly Willoughby who still presents on the show now.