Countdown star Dr Anne-Marie Imafidon stood in as replacement host for Rachel Riley whilst she was off on maternity leave with baby number two. Stepping in for the maths whizz, Anne-Marie quickly became a hit with audience members and found her place on the show. However, as Rachel gears up to return to the Channel 4 show, Anne-Marie made an emotional goodbye to her fans on Twitter, leaving many devastated at her departure. Rachel temporarily left her post on Countdown to have her second baby with her husband, Pasha Kovalev, in August 2021. She gave birth to her second daughter Noa in November and has been on maternity leave from the Channel 4 show since. Dr Anne-Marie stepped in for Rachel whilst she was away on the show and made quite the impression with fans. She is a mathematician and entrepreneur and was voted the most influential woman in UK IT 2020. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview However, now that Rachel's maternity leave has ended, it is time for fans to say goodbye to Anne-Marie. The official Countdown Twitter account posted: "FAREWELL DOCTOR! Tune in to @Channel4 @ 2:10pm for the incredible @aimafidon’s final episode with our Countdown Family. "You’ve been an absolute pleasure, joy & an inspiration - big love from all of us." Dr Anne-Marie also posted on her Twitter account: "It's been a blast. That's all, folks! Handing it back in one piece to @RachelRileyRR from tomorrow." Rachel Riley acknowledged Anne-Marie's work whilst she was away and praised: "You made it your own! "Thanks for keeping my numbers warm. Don’t know how I’m supposed to compete with your blue lip makeup game." Fans of the show and Anne-Marie were sad to see her go but was looking forward to where she landed next on TV. @welshcordoba wrote: "You’ve been absolutely fabulous @aimafidon!!! Please stay forever, while we love the show, we only really tune in to see you." DON'T MISS...Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [INSIGHT]Rachel Riley supports husband Pasha as he breaks silence on Ukraine [LATEST]Sean Lock's Countdown co-star's heartbreaking post amid final show [WATCH] Bobby Seagull commented: "You've been so brilliant, Anne-Marie. A big welcome back to the wonderful Rachel, but we hope to see more of you on our screens soon, Anne-Marie!" Louise Maynard-Atem added: "It’s been amazing to watch you absolutely nail this! Can’t wait to see what comes next!!" Iana Vidal said: "I went to visit my gran yesterday, and all she talked about was how wonderful it’s been to see you on Countdown! "Huge congrats - looking forward to seeing what’s next for you." (sic) Rachel is married to former Russian Strictly Come Dancing professional dancer Pasha, who has recently broken his silence on the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. He shared on his Twitter: "The current situation in Ukraine hits too close to home for the both of us as Russian nationals. "Our passport may say one thing, but our hearts are with our family, friends and everyone still in Ukraine that are fighting for their freedom and lives." His wife shared her support by simply posting a red heart underneath the post, which attracted dozens of comments of support. Countdown airs weekdays at 2:10pm on Channel 4.