Bridgerton season two has finally arrived on Netflix and it took a new direction from the first outing. With less intimate moments this time around, the TV series focussed on Anthony's (played by Jonathan Bailey) emotional vulnerability. He had his heart set on marrying Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran), or so he thought.  The new social season kicked off with plenty of drama as the Sharma family arrived from India. Edwina and her spinster sister Kate (Simone Ashley) were the talk of the town. Their family history meant they were nervous to make their first appearance in London. Yet Anthony Bridgerton was mesmerised when he first set his eyes on Kate. She was not the woman he was expecting as she was not afraid to challenge him. READ MORE: Jonathan Bailey partner: Who is the Bridgerton star dating? He denied his feelings for her, turning his attention to Edwina, who was perfect 'wife material'. Anthony convinced himself she was the one who would fulfil his needs as a Viscount. Once he proposed to Edwina, Kate felt there was no need for her to remain in London. Breaking the news to Anthony that she would return to India, he was gutted. During the wedding ceremony, Edwina came to the realisation her husband-to-be and sister were in love. It took a great amount of reconciliation to keep the Sharma family from breaking point. Eventually, Edwina accepted she deserved to marry someone who genuinely loved her, and Anthony was not that person. This meant Kate and Anthony were free to tie the knot without judgement. Edwina is missing from the final scenes of the series but it is presumed she found her true love. No longer feeling as though she requires Kate's approval, her choices are endless. DON'T MISS... Bridgerton season 2 soundtrack: The covers and original tracks [INSIGHT] Charithra Chandran age: How old is Bridgerton's Edwina Sharma star? [EXPLAINER] What happened to Siena Rosso in Bridgerton? [INSIGHT] Queen Charlotte (Golda Rosheuvel) suggested she would set her up with a Prince but the matter is not discussed in further detail. The second season is based on Julia Quinn's novel, The Viscount Who Loved Me. At the end of the book, Kate and Anthony struggle with their marriage. This is until Kate and Edwina get into an accident involving a horse and carriage they were in. Edwina appeared unscathed but Kate was trapped and as Anthony freed her, he declared his love. Kate and Anthony get their happily ever after but not much is said about Edwina. The identity of her husband is not so important as the realisation she was her own person. Previously she had always acted in a way that would best please others. By the end of the series, she understood her decisions should be based on what she, alone, wanted. Kate was only happy her sister had forgiven her for the lies she had kept for so long.  Bridgerton season 2 is available to watch on Netflix now. The series has already been renewed for a third season.