The warning comes after reports emerged that Russia had targeted the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant with shelling overnight. A fire erupted, sparking fears about the stability of the structure and for the surrounding population. BBC Monitoring editor Vitaly Shevchenko warned nearly one million people would be at risk should the power plant be heavily damaged. He told BBC Breakfast: "I'm from Zaporizhzhia, which is in the news right now for all the wrong reasons. "That's where this nuclear power plant is, the biggest in Europe. It came under shelling overnight, there was a fire and it's absolutely terrifying. "That's where my parents are, my friends. And the concern is, if that power plant goes, the whole city goes. "The city of Zaporizhzhia is pretty big place, almost one million people. You can see the chimney stacks from my mother's stack. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "It's an endless stream of terrifying reports from that part of Ukraine." Russia has now claimed to have taken over the power plant but saying they are allowing the staff to remain in control of the monitoring. Al Jazeera Arabic however sparked further concerns after claiming "Chechen fighters" had sought to plant mines in the nuclear power station. The broadcaster said in a tweet: "Reporter on the authority of the spokesman for the Zaporizhzhia plant administration: Chechen fighters stormed the nuclear plant and tried to plant mines." READ MORE: Putin's ex-spokesman stuns Ferrari with 'breathtaking' prediction of Ukraine's future Ukraine has said Russian forces attacked the plant in the early hours of Friday, setting an adjacent five-story training facility on fire. US Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm said on Thursday the reactors at Zaporizhzhia power station "are protected by robust containment structures and reactors are being safely shut down". Ms Granholm said on Twitter she had spoken with Ukraine's energy minister about the situation at the plant. She said there was no elevated radiation readings near the facility. DON'T MISS Putin blasts Ukraine Nazis in deranged rant but opens up on losses [REVEAL] Putin hid invasion plan from his OWN cabinet [INSIGHT] Five of the most powerful royal statements against Russia [REPORT] Dominic Raab said it was "doubly reprehensible" that Russian forces had continued to shell a nuclear site after Ukrainian emergency services had looked to put a fire out at Europe's largest power station. The Deputy Prime Minister told Sky News the Russians had inflicted a bombardment on a "very sensitive, precarious and dangerous facility" in Zaporizhzhia. He said: "The fact that the Russians kept on bombarding after there was the fire and the Ukrainian emergency rescue team were trying to get to that makes it doubly reprehensible." Mr Raab said the UN security council meeting being called for by Boris Johnson was needed to "ramp up the pressure on these appalling tactics we are seeing from the Kremlin".