Meghan Markle had become the patron of the National Theatre in January 2019 prior to Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall's recent appointment. The role was personally passed down to the Duchess of Sussex from the Queen. Board members at the National Theatres were, at first, split over whether to ask Meghan to stay or seek a new patron, according to the Daily Mirror. Speaking in the latest podcast episode of RoyallyUS, host, and US Weekly correspondent Christina Garibaldi said: "This is the first of Meghan's patronages to be handed over to another member of the Royal Family. She added that "they didn't move too far", with Christina's co-host Christine Ross adding that this is possibly due to the pandemic and that there was "no ability to go and visit the patronages". Ms Ross stated that the National Theatre was one of the organisations that were the "most disappointed" in the representation from the royal patron. She continues: "It was a great opportunity for Meghan but when she stepped away, it wasn't her place to represent them or be their patron anymore. READ MORE: Prince Harry’s security row details to remain SECRET amid court battle "I hear its Camilla that has been interested in being their patron for a really long time. "She's really excited about it, the National Theatre is really excited to have someone represent them. "It's a great partnership." Meghan had four patronages but it is still unknown as to who will replace her role as patron for the remaining ones. The Duchess of Cambridge took over the role of Rugby Football League and Rugby Football Union patron from Prince Harry earlier this year. Kate released a personal statement via social media to announce the news and added that she was "thrilled" to take on the patronage. READ MORE: Dan Wootton blasts Meghan and Harry for 'derailing William and Kate's Jamaican tour' The Duchess of Cornwall supports over 90 charities as either Patron or President. Her choice of charity work varies but several themes prevail. These include health, literacy, victims of rape and sexual abuse and domestic violence, dance and heritage and the arts. In 2016, Her Majesty passed on a number of her patronages to other members of the Royal Family. The Duchess took on The Royal Society of Literature in June 2018. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT] Charles and Camilla began their four-day trip to the island of Ireland on Tuesday. Their royal tour is one of a few foreign visits being undertaken by senior royals in just a few weeks. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are currently embarking on an 8-day royal tour to the Caribbean and next month, Princess Anne will travel to Papua New Guinea. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, and Prince Edward are due to visit more Caribbean nations next month.