Kate Garraway, 54, has revealed how her husband’s life changed after he became severely ill with Covid. The TV presenter documented her family’s ordeal in her most recent documentary, Caring for Derek. Derek was diagnosed with Covid in March 2020 and stayed hospitalised in critical condition until a year later. He even travelled to Mexico to undergo cutting-edge medical treatment at a specialist clinic. Speaking to The Sun, Kate said she sometimes feels "really lonely" while caring for her husband. She described his “heartbreak” when he wakes up every morning and thinks of his life before contracting Covid. Kate said: "It’s like there’s both grief and hope in the same moment. "There are flashes of the old Derek and then he disappears again, and you’re left just feeling really lonely. "Derek dreams about the ‘before’, and every morning it’s just so, so awful seeing him wake up, and the realisation of where he is. "There’s a kind of heartbreak in his eyes, every single morning. You can just see it." She also described her own heartbreak over watching Derek become “emotional” as he reminisces of his previous lifestyle. She told This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby: "Waking up at home is an extraordinary thing. “If I catch him before he wakes up - it makes me emotional every time - you see him realise where he is and I can only imagine in his dreams he is the person before and he wakes up and he can't say what he wants to say and he can't move. "It's like watching this cloud form and he looks emotional and I now say, 'you're going through that moment aren't you, that phase of remembering,' and he says, 'yes'. DON'T MISS...'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid reacts to Ranvir Singh's replacement on GMB [UPDATE]Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason' [LATEST] "It's like watching heartbreak and your heart breaks a little bit every time." Speaking to the Mail on Sunday's You Magazine in February, Kate reflected on how she sees her relationship going forward. She said: "I'm not sure that we've ever fallen out of love, but I think a new path is emerging, a new way to be in love. "He puts huge trust in me. He just says, 'Whatever you think', which is wonderful, but I do get quite tearful about it. "I think, 'God, I hope I'm worthy of that trust'. "But I've got his back. That is a relationship in itself, isn't it?” She also highlighted that one "positive thing" to come out of their ordeal was "certainty of each other”. The Life Stories star admitted that Derek’s gruelling road to recovery had brought them closer. Kate and Derek married in 2005 and share two children together - Billy, 12, and Darcey, 16.