While it wasn't as clear-cut as it should have been, Arsenal took another step towards their aspirations of securing a top-four finish with Sunday's enthralling 3-2 win over Watford. The Gunners are now firmly in the driving seat in the race to clinch the final Champions League berth with their three games in hand on Manchester United, who are currently a point and a place below them. It's a scenaro didn't exactly seem to be on the cards after Mikel Arteta and the Arsenal hierarchy failed to bolster the squad in January. Arteta's decision to not pursue an alternative striker after missing out on Dusan Vlahovic was an almighty gamble. In hindsight, it's one that looks like it's going to pay off. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick replies to Keane and Neville after City loss But the onus will still be on Arteta and Arsenal to source an elite No.9 in the summer; and the pressure to do so will arguably be even greater than it was in January. Arsenal fans will be desperate for the club to sustain their spot back amongst Europe's elite if they can see the job through. The Gunners have been in the European wilderness for five years now; quite the fall from grace for a team who had clocked up 17 consecutive seasons in the Champions League prior to that. While Arteta has, arguably, steered Arsenal back into the big-time ahead of schedule, he'll be under immense pressure to ensure that the Londoners don't relinquish that spot easily. Back when Arsenal were gazumped by Juventus in the race of Vlahovic, it was hard to see how the Gunners would stay the course without a natural goalscorer - but they've managed it. Alexandre Lacazette has played his part in teeing up a number of goals recently; although the Londoners' elder statesman has struggled to find the net himself during the run-in. Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe and Gabriel Martinelli have come to the fore to fire Arsenal to the cusp of the Champions League - but they'll need help if Arsenal's depleted squad are to sustain their recent success beyond the summer. On the bright side, it feels like Arteta's side are only a clinical striker short of becoming a mainstay in the upper echelons of the Premier League again. They carved through Watford at will on Sunday afternoon. And it could have been a cricket score if they possessed anyone with the finishing nous to dispatch the array of chances they conjured up. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ On paper, it's a relatively simple task for Arteta and the Gunners recruitment team in the summer. But going out and getting the business done is easier said than done. When the curtain came down on an uninspiring month in the transfer market back in January, Arteta and Edu were pelted with criticism from all angles from fans who feared that the failure to sign a striker could hamper their Champions League hopes. That doesn't look like it's going to be the case. But that ire should still act as a warning sign for Arteta and Edu. The backlash they'll be met with if Arsenal blow their chance of re-asserting themselves amongst Europe's elite will pale in comparison to the heckles they received last month. And again, they're likely to be judged on whether or not Arsenal can snap up the elite No.9 that Arteta craves.