With Vladimir Putin issuing nuclear threats to NATO, the Queen's doomsday speech has rarely been as pertinent. The speech was written in 1983, a turbulent time in the Cold War and the same year as when a Korean passenger airline was shot down by the USSR.  Testament to the troubling times, NATO also conducted a simulated military exercise in case of a nuclear war, known as Able Archer, in 1983. The Soviet Army responded by loading nuclear warheads into combat planes. However, Her Majesty's speech included some now outdated references to Prince Andrew, who was then serving in the Royal Navy, and to the Queen's late husband Prince Philip. The speech was released to the public for the first time in 2013 under the 30 year rule that covers sensitive Government documents.  It would have been read out by the monarch if the UK was facing a threat of a nuclear attack. In the speech, which was originally quoted by the BBC, the Queen recalls her own sadness when she heard about the outbreak of World War Two. She said: "I have never forgotten the sorrow and the pride I felt as my sister and I huddled around the nursery wireless set. "Listening to my father's [George VI's] inspiring words on that fateful day in 1939 [at the start of the World War II]." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate caves as Duchess puts on display of support  "But whatever terrors lie in wait for us all. "The qualities that have helped to keep our freedom intact twice already during this sad century will once more be our strength." The monarch also mentioned "abused technology" and the importance of family. She said: "The enemy is not the soldier with his rifle nor even the airman prowling the skies above our cities and towns but the deadly power of abused technology. DON'T MISS:  Historian ‘surprised’ by Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn discovery [REVEAL] Kate and William melt hearts as they visit Wales on St David's Day [INSIGHT] Princess Olga Romanov's blunt take on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry [SPOTLIGHT]  "My message to you therefore is simple. "Help those who cannot help themselves, give comfort to the lonely and the homeless and let your family become the focus of hope and life to those who need it. "My husband and I share with families up and down the land the fear we feel for sons and daughters, husbands and brothers who have left our side to serve their country. "My beloved son Andrew is at this moment in action with his unit and we pray continually for his safety and for the safety of all servicemen and women at home and overseas." 