When King Edward VIII abdicated the throne in 1936, he could not move into the British monarch's grand primary residence, Buckingham Palace. The pair, also known as the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, soon settled into a 14-room mansion in the Parisian park Bois du Boulogne in France. They rented it for a small sum from the city. The Duke and Duchess knew it by its address, 4 Route du Champ d’Éntraînement.  The later resident, Egyptian billionaire Mohamed Al Fayed, would rename it the "Villa Windsor". The building was originally designed as a summer home for Paris’ famed urban planner, Georges-Eugéne Haussmann, back in the mid-1800s. It would become an event venue, and a home for Charles de Gaulle, before becoming the Windsors' home in 1952. The Duchess soon put her own stamp on the building with the help of Stéphane Boudin, a legendary interior designer who would go on to help Jackie Kennedy with some rooms in the White House.  READ MORE: How to clean your fridge with baking soda and white vinegar He also assisted with the renovation of the Duke and Duchess's home in the Parisian suburbs, Le Moulin de la Tuilerie. At Villa Windsor, Boudin created a swirl of French and English aristocratic styles. Eighteenth-century panelling and "Wallis blue" paint was chosen for items like a Venetian Rococo console table and Japanese screen, purported to be a gift from Emperor Hirohito. Wallis, who once noted that "the possession of beautiful things is thrilling to me," was pleased. She also added her own touches, including copious sketches, photographs, and portraits of her many pugs. When Vogue photographer Horst P. Horst went to shoot the home in 1963, he seemed impressed most of all by its pristine condition. "It is hard to believe that there can ever have been an interior more surpassingly clean," Horst said told Architectural Digest. "Where crystal was more genuinely scintillating and porcelain more luminous, or where wood and leather, polished to the consistency of precious stone, could more truthfully be said to shine."  It was in this environment where the Windsors’ hosted their famous dinner parties. The likes of Marlene Dietrich, Aristotle Onassis, Elizabeth Taylor and Aga Khan all attended. Once, Villa Windsor's future resident Al Fayed was even invited. He later told the New York Times in 1986 he remembered "the way they danced and their sense of fun". Later on, Al Fayed signed a 50-year lease of the property, with the intent of restoring the home to its former splendour.  After the Duke died, the Duchess resided in Villa Windsor alone for 13 years, and it had fallen into disrepair. "It’s like a mausoleum," Al Fayed told People in 1990, after completing a £9million renovation. He continued: "It sometimes gives you the creeps—both of them having died here. “But it’s still a happy place, a great fantasy which I love to live in." The couple's former footman, Sidney Johnson, told the Times in 1989: "This is how it used to be, except there are no dogs around." 