Defence Secretary Ben Wallace made it clear that any UK service personnel heading to Ukraine to fight were breaking the law and creating a "dangerous situation". His warning came as efforts were last night being made to track down a Coldstream Guardsman after he abandoned his post protecting the Queen - to fight the Russian invaders in Ukraine. The young soldier, 19, who has not been named, quit his Windsor barracks, left a note for his parents and booked a one-way ticket to Eastern Europe. He is one of four British soldiers believed to have gone AWOL to fight in Ukraine. But defence chiefs are trying to intercept him, and the others, amid fears Russia could claim Britain has entered the war if they are caught. And Defence Secretary Mr Wallace told the Commons: "The Government position is if you are serving member of the armed forces you will be breaking the law.” He said any service personnel going AWOL “will be breaking the law and they will be prosecuted when they return for going absent without leave or deserting”. Transport Secretary Mr Shapps also warned: "You cannot go and fight if you're in the British Army, you cannot just get up and go and fight. "Of course that's inappropriate behaviour and you would expect the army to have some very, very strict rules in place, as they do." Asked what Russia might do if a British soldier was captured or killed, Mr Shapps said: "There's a big difference between Britain sending its army in and some people who are breaking with our law and going to do it. "But, clearly, this is a dangerous situation. And clearly, we want to make sure that the assistance we're providing is done in an official way - like the anti-tank missiles that we provided prior to and during this conflict, and like the 22,000 Ukrainians that we've trained." The clarification came after Foreign Secretary Liz Truss earlier declared she would ‘absolutely support’ those who wished to sign up to fight as part of the Ukrainian armed forces. The Government quickly distanced itself from her support with Downing Street strongly advising against travel to Ukraine. And serving members of the British Armed Forces have been banned from accepting the Ukrainian army’s invitations to fight. The Ministry of Defence, the police and the Foreign Office were last night trying to reach the four soldiers believed to have gone to fight before they manage to join Ukraine’s Foreign Legion in Lviv, western Ukraine. It is understood after watching footage of the invasion, the teenaged Coldstream Guard left his base in Windsor, Berks, where he and colleagues guard the Queen at the nearby castle. He wrote to his parents before booking a one-way ticket to Poland over the weekend with an intention to then cross the border into Ukraine. Friends claim he has since posted a picture of his boots on Snapchat, indicating he may have already managed to join President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s forces. A friend of the AWOL soldier said he had become “bored” of the ceremonial role of his regiment - which included parading in the Guards’ famous bear skin hats — as war raged in Ukraine. “He’d had enough. He got promised a tour to Afghanistan, same as a lot of other lads after all the ceremonial stuff. But that didn’t happen,” the friend said. “A lot of the lads are fed up. They were promised an operational tour and it got pushed under their noses for about three or four years. Then when the tour was supposed to come about, it got cancelled.” And the friend added: “ He’s gone absent without leave, bought a ticket and he’s on his way to Ukraine to fight in the war. “You don’t join the Army to stand in bear skin hats and march about. You join it to fight and see action. “He probably thinks he could do some good out there but it’s a very misguided decision.” Ex-Army chief General Lord Dannatt branded the AWOL soldier as “totally irresponsible”. He said: “We don’t get to choose the wars we go to. If you join the Army you go to the wars that you get sent to. “Much as one might applaud their motivation for wanting to help, it is completely the wrong thing to do. If they were captured it would be playing into the Russian hands to say British forces have infiltrated into Ukraine, which is completely not true. “It would be totally irresponsible for soldiers to take matters into their own hands. It is bad news, it is bad discipline and shouldn’t be happening. In peace time our duty is to train to be ready for the wars our government chooses to send us to.” Last night, a Ministry of Defence spokesman confirmed that all service personnel are currently banned from travelling to Ukraine until further notice. “This applies whether the Service Person is on leave or not. Personnel travelling to Ukraine will face disciplinary and administrative consequences,” the MoD spokesman added. The soldier’s family was too upset to comment.