Philip Lane, chief economist of the European Central Bank, warned that "Europe may have to get used to higher prices", as inflation rages on across the world. It comes as the war in Ukraine has been exacerbating already mounting inflation levels across the continent. While Mr Lane said that inflation levels will lose "momentum" and "fade away" over time, he warned that the higher prices will not "reverse". He said: "Clearly inflation is a huge issue across Europe, absolutely. "And how to respond to this, the implications for fiscal policy, the implications for wage negotiations, the implications for demand and so on – this is a very important issue right now. "But this relates to a second issue, which – for us and for everyone – is how long will this episode be? "This is where we would still diagnose that this essentially is an imported inflation shock, it’s a supply shock. "And for these reasons we would still maintain – by the way, I don’t think it’s unique to the ECB, it’s the general economics profession – that most of this inflation will fade away. "Fading away from inflation doesn’t mean that these high prices will reverse." Speaking to Politico, he warned: "Europe may have to get used to higher prices. "But the momentum – where every month you wake up and you read that inflation is higher than the previous month – that element, the momentum element, we do think will decline. READ MORE: Ukraine conflict batters confidence in German economy "We do think that inflation will decline later this year and will be a lot lower next year and the year after compared to this year." Inflation was already at high levels before the war began as a result of the pandemic but sanctions on Russia have added to the mounting pressure on prices across the bloc. Last month, Eurozone inflation hit 5.8 percent - almost three times the ECB's target figure. However, the ECB has insisted that the Eurozone will be able to avoid a recession, with its most adverse scenario putting growth at 2.3 percent for this year and next. DON'T MISS: Putin's Brexit mistake has Russia scrambling as UK leads fight [ANALYSIS] Ukraine ambassador fumes at German 'solidarity concert' with Russians [REACTION] Putin's Achilles' heel exposed as Russian despot facing REVOLT [REVEAL] But top economists have questioned their projections, with Société Générale economist Anatoli Annenkov suggesting that they are being overly positive for political reasons. He said: "The ECB feels the need to sound more positive on growth given that they have a real inflation problem. "They need to stick to plans of withdrawing stimulus to anchor inflation expectations while hoping to avoid recession." This comes as the war in Ukraine - and the resulting sanctions on Russia - are sending shockwaves throughout the world. The Centre for Economics and Business Research (CEBR) has estimated that sanctions will cut living standards in the UK by £2,500 per household. It also estimated that growth in the UK this year would be halved, down from a previously forecast 4.2 percent in 2022 to 1.9 percent. Its growth estimate for 2023 has also been reduced from 2.0 percent to 0.0 percent.