The Ukrainian President said Russian forces "knew exactly what they were shelling" when they ruthlessly seized Europe's biggest power plant causing a blaze to break out near the facility.  He warned world leaders that the death of Europe is at stake if Ukraine's nuclear power plant explodes. During an impassioned speech, President Zelensky warned the UK, US, EU and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) about the alarming threat of nuclear disaster after Russian troops shelled the country's largest nuclear power plant. He said: “If there is an explosion – that’s the end for everyone. The end for Europe. The evacuation of Europe. “Only urgent action by Europe can stop the Russian troops. Do not allow the death of Europe from a catastrophe at a nuclear power station."  The Zaporizhzhia nuclear plan site was seized overnight by Russian troops and heavy conflict and shelling near the site caused a  fire caused by shelling which burned for several hours at the facility. Since the start of the invasion, nuclear experts have continuously warned that conflict near nuclear sites could have detrimental impacts to Europe, and the world. In his emotional speech, President Zelensky addressed the Russian people, urging them to remember "the burning graphite spread by the wind" during the aftermath of the Chernobyl disaster in 1986. He warned them that if they "want to live on an Earth that isn't radioactive" they must stand up to their leadership. He added: "Radiation doesn't know where Russia is. Radiation doesn't know where the borders of your country is." READ MORE: POLL: Should Boris Johnson increase defence spending in the UK? He asked the Russian people: "You must remember the evacuation from Pripyat and from the 35km-zone. How could you forget?" Zelenksy called the attack "nuclear terrorism" and said he spoke to UN leaders throughout the entire attack and has since called for an immediate 'no-fly' zone over Ukraine. "We are fighting a powerful enemy that outnumbers us. Which dominates us by the amount of technology it has. But who is thousands of light years away from normal people who have dignity," he said during the speech. But pledged "they won't break us". DON'T MISS: Ukrainian tennis star pays tribute to country after escaping bombs [INSIGHT]Kiev stores sold out of siege essentials, says journalist John Marone [COMMENT]Kent dockers launch furious boycott of tanker containing Russian gas [VIDEO] Changes to the radiation zone near Zaporizhzhia have so far not been recorded. However, the Ukrainian state inspectorate for nuclear regulation said in a statement on its Facebook page that power units two and three had been disconnected from the network and nuclear installations were being cooled down. But it warned that any “loss of the possibility to cool down nuclear fuel will lead to significant radioactive releases into the environment” that could “exceed all previous accidents at nuclear power plants, including the Chornobyl accident and the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant”. Ukraine has 15 operating nuclear power sites in total. 