The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have appointed BAFTA chief executive, Amanda Berry, as the Royal Foundation's new CEO. The Duke and Duchess said: "We are very much looking forward to working with Amanda and are thrilled that she has chosen to join us at The Royal Foundation.  Her extensive experience will be of tremendous value as we continue our ambitious charitable work." Kensington Palace added Ms Berry would take the reins as the foundation "continues to deliver an ambitious new strategy, mobilising leaders, businesses and people to address society’s greatest challenges together”. Prince William has been president of BAFTA since 2010, working with the incoming CEO several times. Ms Berry will join the foundation in June - slightly earlier than anticipated, after announcing she would step down from her position at BAFTA in December 2021.  Ms Berry said she had been "so impressed" by the "unique impact" the Royal Foundation had had on issues important to the Duke and Duchess. She said: “I am very excited to be joining The Royal Foundation as it continues to step up the global ambition for the duke and duchess’ philanthropic work.  He wrote: "Amanda’s dedication, creativity and skilled leadership have enabled BAFTA to evolve and grow into a world-leading arts organization whilst ensuring its charitable purpose has remained at its heart. "As such I cannot imagine a more fitting organization to benefit from her influence and commitment than The Royal Foundation and I wish her every success in leading the organisation and its philanthropic work." He added: “Amanda will leave a very different BAFTA to the one she joined, and an incredible legacy. "Her passion for supporting new talent is evident in BAFTA’s greatly expanded, year-round global learning and talent development programs, while her stewardship of the flagship BAFTA awards has seen the organization grow and evolve into an internationally recognized and respected brand." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: William & Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after tour [LIVE] Prince Andrew could join Queen at Epsom and Ascot for races [INSIGHT] Princess Charlotte and George 'kept secure' by parents' gestures [ANALYSIS] The Royal Foundation is the Duke and Duchess's primary outlet for their philanthropic and charitable work. They focus on the couple's keen interests, including Prince William's emphasis on the environment and Kate's push for early years education. It was established back in 2009, and has since helped launch targeted campaigns for interests within these remits. In 2021, it helped propel Prince William's inaugural Earthshot Prize forward. Last year, the foundation also celebrated the launch of the Centre for Early Childhood in June. The foundation also actively promotes support for emergency responders, zeroing in on mental health.