Stacey Solomon was out enjoying the sun in the garden today with her son Leighton. They were perching on the edge of their new pool ahead of it being filled in the summer. Stacey filmed the moment as her son shared his adorable excitement about the news. She could be heard saying: “I’m literally so excited, I can’t believe we can have a pool one day.” Leighton then adorably responded: “How did this even happen?” The Loose Women panellist then replied giggling: “I don’t know!”  Alongside this, Stacey wrote: “Me and Leighton are just sitting in the pool pretending it’s filled. “And Leighton just casually making me cry. “I think he’s trying to see if he can fill the pool with my tears. “4 more weeks and it’ll be done.  “I’m going to surprise Leighton for his birthday I think.” Stacey then shared another snap as they sat in the middle of the empty pool. The star thanked her followers for their sweet supportive messages. She said: “Your messages, love you all so much. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast [INSIGHT]'We know different!' Cornwall local Fern Britton on Gordon Ramsay jibe [INTERVIEW]'Epidemic of offence' Carol McGiffin laments old days of Loose Women [INSIGHT]   “I’ll never take anything for granted and I will always be forever grateful.” Stacey and her family moved into Pickle Cottage last March. Ever since then, she and her fiancé Joe Swash have been busy renovating their property. The presenter takes her Instagram followers on the journey with her and is always sharing interior design tips. She has been working to get her pool in a usable state since she first moved into the house.  However, she’s had some issues along the way as the work on it was actually supposed to be completed back last July. Stacey opened up about this in a post last September as she called the process a “real nightmare”. She explained at the time: "Soooo many of you asking me this. (sic) “On a hot day like today I wish could say it's done. “It was supposed to be finished two months ago but we've had [a] real nightmare with it all." 