Dr Michael Mosley is the man behind the 5:2 diet, Fast 800 and Fast 800 Keto version, and he has helped thousands lose weight and keep it off for good. But what if you have stubborn lower belly fat that you want to target? The diet guru has shared his tips for “attacking” it and why exercise “isn’t a great way to lose weight”. According to Dr Michael, there is one part of the body where fat is considered “dangerous” for health reasons. This fat can be reduced, or lost, if slimmers actively make an effort to do so. But this means making several diet and lifestyle changes. Dr Michael claimed, “the abdomen is one of the most dangerous places to store fat”. READ MORE: Nutritionist shares diet plan that’s ‘really good for weight loss’ “Fat cells deep in your abdomen – also known as ‘visceral fat’ – are reluctant to let go of their energy-stash. “To find the extra energy needed to fuel a small energy deficit, or a standard gym session, your body will look to other reserves first, like your glutes. “Fortunately, recent breakthroughs in medical and sports science have shown that it is possible to throw this gradient into reverse. “You can lose belly fat, and you can lose it fast.” DON'T MISS...Meghan and Harry’s ‘physical clues’ to show ‘marriage is strong’ [BODY LANGUAGE]Orchid care: Secret to a flowering orchid - use old fish tank water [EXPERT]Food recalls: Tesco & Waitrose issue food recall amid salmonella risk [NEWS] To “make a serious impact on your belly fat”, Dr Mosley said “cutting out sugar-spikes is key”. He went on to suggest removing fruits that are high in sugar from your diet - for example tropical fruits. The expert also mentioned diet snacks and drinks as these can be “high in sugar and are marketed as diet foods because they happen to be low in fat”. Dr Michael also spoke about carbohydrates and what not eating them does to your body. He said: “When people cut carbs, their appetite goes down and they lose weight." The diet guru suggests replacing “processed carbs like white bread, chips and pasta with slow-release energy sources, such as brown rice or quinoa”. In terms of exercise, Dr Michael has previously said “you’d need to run 35 miles to burn off a pound of fat, so exercise is not actually a great way to lose weight”. Dr Michael’s diets have received criticism over the years for the number of calories recommended and the speed at which weight loss is achieved. When asked if they were “crash diets”, he responded: “It’s a rapid weight loss diet, so not the same thing. “A crash diet is something slightly crazy, unplanned, not based on science, like the cabbage soup diet. “Whereas this is rapid weight loss diet based on a great deal of science and several studies carried out.” He added that “rapid weight loss - if done properly - can be much more effective and sustainable than slow and steady”.