House of Commons Leader Mark Spencer said the Mayor of London's record on transport strikes has been "appalling". A second Tube strike this week by members of the RMT union has seen services suspended across the capital, causing misery for commuters. Conservative MP Bob Blackman MP said in the Commons: "The Government has very generously supplied £4.5billion to cover the loss of income to Transport for London. The trade unions this week, for the second day this week, have brought London literally to a halt. "At this time of course, there is one person that's completely silent about that, the do-nothing Mayor of London." The MP for Harrow East asked for a statement from the Transport Secretary on the position of talks for a long-term, financial deal with Transport for London (TfL) and what action would be taken to prevent strikes happening again. Mr Spencer replied: "He refers to the do-nothing mayor. Of course [Sadiq Khan] was very vocal when he was standing for election in saying that he would not allow strike days to happen on the London Underground, and frankly his record on strikes has been absolutely appalling.  "I would contrast that actually with this predecessor (Boris Johnson). His predecessor as London mayor was exemplary in delivering better transport to the people of London." Sadiq Khan, said: "It’s really disappointing RMT are continuing with this action which is a huge blow to businesses that are trying to recover after being devastated by the pandemic. "TfL have tried to mitigate the impact of the RMT strikes but there is likely to be no service across the Tube network today, so we are asking Londoners to check before they make their journey, consider whether they are able to work from home and use alternative modes of transport where possible. "This action is causing misery for Londoners and businesses alike and damaging TfL at the worst possible time. It’s gone ahead despite there being no job losses and no changes to pensions or conditions. I urge the RMT to come to the table and work with TfL." Mr Khan's office reported that there has been a 70.2 percent reduction in strike days lost thus far compared to when Boris Johnson was mayor. A Mayor of London spokesperson said Mr Khan took a firm hold of TfL’s finances when he took office, reducing the TfL deficit he inherited by 71 percent, increasing the cash balance by 13 percent, cutting running costs year on year and reducing headcount. She added: "He was on track to reach a net operating surplus whilst also making transport more affordable for millions of Londoners. The pandemic is the sole reason for TfL’s current financial crisis, and the amount of money it needs to keep services running pales into insignificance compared to the huge economic contribution it makes to London and the whole country. "It is simply a fact that TfL receives vastly less national Government support than other rail operators around the country, benefitting from no Government grant, which was given away by the previous mayor. TfL now has to rely on fares for 72 percent of its income - meaning its finances were decimated by the huge drop in ridership as a result of the pandemic."   READ MORE ABOUT THE UK TOWN STILL HOSTING THE RUSSIAN NATIONAL BALLET Almost all Tube lines were completely suspended as of about 7am on Thursday as workers took a second day of strike action. Only the Central line was running a partial service while the Docklands Light Railway was part-suspended and the London Overground was operating a reduced service, according to TfL's website. The RMT fears spending cuts linked to a funding deal by the Government will lead to hundreds of job losses, reduced pensions and worse working conditions. Andy Lord, TfL's chief operating officer, said: "We haven't proposed any changes to pensions or terms and conditions, and nobody has lost or will lose their jobs because of the proposals we have set out, so this action is completely unnecessary. "We know our customers deserve better than this continued disruption and that is why we're urging the RMT to talk to us so we can find a resolution to this dispute which has already damaged London's recovery from the pandemic." RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said if Mr Khan spent as much time putting pressure on ministers for a long-term TfL funding deal, instead of accepting their cuts agenda and attacking our members, there would be no need for a strike.  DON'T MISS: Nicola Sturgeon savaged for trying to 'weaken' NATO [LATEST] Princess Diana stuns in never-before-seen portrait [REVEALED] Konotop residents reject Russia offer to surrender to avoid bombs [REPORT] He added: "However, as it stands, Tube staff face a raid on their pensions and at least 600 job cuts if the Government get their way. "No self-respecting trade unionist would accept that, particularly given the sterling work done by Tube staff keeping Londoners safe throughout the Covid-19 pandemic.  "We remain open to talks that address our members' key concerns, but we will not be derailed in our determination to reach a just settlement that protects jobs and pensions of Tube workers." Members of the public have been forced to find alternative ways of travelling around the capital with security officer Sharon Lennox, 31, telling the PA news agency at a bus stop in Oxford Circus: "It is OK for some. They don't have to stand here all day wasting time. "I am not one of those who are lucky enough to work from home. I have been tapping on the bus doors and the drivers pretend they can't see." TfL reached a bailout deal with the Government in February to keep the capital's public transport network running until June. The transport body's finances were pummelled by reduced passenger numbers during the coronavirus pandemic.  The funding package includes £200 million with a provision for further top-ups if revenues are slower to recover from the pandemic than forecast. As part of the plan, TfL committed to say by the end of March how it will either generate £400m more revenue or deliver that amount in cost savings in the 2022/23 financial year. Mayor Khan will also consult on ways for TfL to raise revenues by £500m to £1 billion pounds each year from 2023. 