With a growing crisis in the housing market, more and more over 50s are likely to drag mortgage payments into their retirement. Later-life lender specialist Leon Diamond shared what he believes to be an ideal answer for this age group. The cost of living crisis is squeezing the finances of those edging ever-closer to state pension age as they desperately try to save every last penny towards retirement. Added with a growing number of people taking their mortgage debt into retirement could become a perfect storm for financial ruin. Mr Diamond, CEO of LiveMore Capital, shared: “Over-50s are seeing a huge impact on their finances, especially when it comes to their mortgages. Following the increase to interest rates due to inflation, later-life borrowers paying a standard variable rate on their mortgage are going to be the hardest hit.” Mr Diamond specialises with customers borrowing money much later in life than they expected or still paying off debts, who he noted as “mortgage prisoners”.  He added: “This term refers to customers who are sitting on high floating rate mortgages who have no repayment strategy with their current mortgage lender or can’t remortgage. For individuals in this situation, there are very few alternatives aside from downsizing their property, or choosing equity release, which is not always the appropriate option. “In addition, later-life borrowers are typically underserved by high street lenders. In fact, more than 30 percent of our customers have come to the end of their mortgage and were struggling to find a solution until they came across LiveMore.” LiveMore research indicates that over 30 percent of people over the age of 50 are paying a mortgage at a standard variable rate, which they could fix to save their retirement funds. Mr Diamond explained: “Being able to fix rates for more than five years, especially during an inflationary period, is extremely important to help with cash flow planning. Long term fixed-rate mortgages are therefore a solution to keeping your finances in check, so individuals are not susceptible to rising interest rates.”  He also noted that the over 50s market is “underserved”, which is why LiveMore specialises in providing “an opportunity for those in later life to stay in the properties they have made home for themselves and their families.” The undeserving of this market stands to prove how obscure the current picture really is, as many people still believe they should own their property outright before retirement but each year fewer Britons manage to achieve this goal. It has been reported that the average age for paying off a mortgage is 59 but a third of millennials expect to never be able to purchase their own home. The affordability of housing is becoming a concern for many younger people, with the thought of going into retirement as a homeowner becoming a fictitious idea for many. The Office for National Statistics shared that almost three-quarters of England residents aged 65 and over own their home outright. Already this statistics shows a massive change from just 20 years ago but going to the future will likely see the situation worsening. In 1997 roughly two thirds of Britons aged from their mid-30s to mid-40s had a mortgage, but in 2017 this figure had already dropped to half of people in this age group. This age group is now three times more likely to rent than those 20 years ago, a trend which will likely continue into their older years. The ONS noted that this change in housing tenure will not just shift the markets and pensioner finances, but also potentially impact the lifestyle of people retiring decades in the future. This is the dilemma of Generation Rent, which describes young adults roughly aged between 18 and 40 who have been priced out of the housing market. Their inability to purchase property at the same age their parents did not only affect how they plan for their future, but also sees these individuals paying a higher percentage of their income to rent for a much longer period of time than expected. In turn this means they will need to save far longer than their parents did in order to purchase a property, which will see an increase of Britons paying off their mortgage with a retirement income.