Nick Kyrgios has opened up on dealing with the build-up to his third-round match against Fabio Fognini. The Aussie defeated the 31st seed 6-2 6-4 in an hour on Sunday in what was a calm and composed victory for him this week in Miami. He is now eager to see what he can do while “keeping his head down” and hasn’t ruled out making a run for the title. Kyrgios took on Fognini in what was touted as a blockbuster third-round match thanks to both players’ fiery personalities. The current world No 102 had dispatched world No 7 Andrey Rublev in just 51 minutes in his prior match and won his only previous meeting with the Italian, which also came in Miami, so had something of an edge going in despite Fognini being the 31st seed. He got off to a strong start, breaking the 34-year-old early in the opener and quickly took the first set 6-2. The 26-year-old threw in one of his trademark underarm serves in the second set and appeared slightly frustrated during some rallies won by the world No 34 but overall was laser-focused as he booked a place in the round-of-16. Speaking after the match, the former world No 13 admitted it had been tough to come into the match after all the hype it received in the previous two days but was given a boost when America’s Tennis Channel pundits picked him to win. “Yeah I was in the players cafe getting my oat latte and turned the TV on, Tennis Channel, and the pro team picked Kyrgios over Fognini. Not going to lie, it gave me a bit of confidence. Tried to turn it up. Loved it,” he laughed. JUST IN: Murray's thoughts on Ivan Lendl training block after Medvedev loss   Opening up on his preparations before the match, the Aussie said: “Well you know it’s not easy. Tennis TV and all these kind of platforms are hyping up the match, Kyrgios vs Fognini. We all know that we have a bit of a dual personality problem out there, me and Fabio, so I knew today I had to really kind of lock in and let him kind of do the double act type thing.” Kyrgios’ newfound off-court happiness has translated into on-court concentration, and he explained how he managed to capitalise on that against another big personality on the tour. “I just wanted to stay in and I knew if I came out with some energy and jumped on him early I was going to kind of run with it,” he explained. “The way I’ve been playing the last couple of matches I can’t ask for much more. The way I’m serving and I just feel like I’m not taking anything for granted. Miami Open, play well, healthy, so I’m going to take advantage of that.”  DON'T MISSDjokovic given French Open advantage over Nadal in Grand Slam raceRaducanu branded 'princess' as former No 1 appears to take aim at BritNadal tipped for early injury return as Barcelona hope shared   While he was a much more reserved figure on the court today, the six-time title winner did admit he preferred some of his flashier matches.” I definitely probably enjoy the ones where I’m having a bit of fun and hitting some trick shots but Fabio hit some absolute laser-beam forehands today which made me look pretty bad,” he joked. “I just smiled and as I said kept my head down and just next point, next point, next point. That’s the mindset you’ve got to have against him.” And the former semi-finalist in Miami is hoping his head-down mentality could carry him all the way to the title. Speaking before his match against Fognini the world No 102 said: “I tend to play pretty well in Miami, I made semi-finals here a couple of times and had chances to I think go further here so we’ll see. I’ll keep my head down. I’ve got the best team in the world, my girlfriend, my best friend here so having so much fun and everything’s easy. Look, I’m sticking my head down, see what happens.” 