In an article published by the New York Times today, he will say: “Putin must fail and must be seen to fail in this act of aggression. It is not enough to express our support for the rules-based international order – we must defend it against a sustained attempt to rewrite the rules by military force. “The world is watching. It is not future historians but the people of Ukraine who will be our judge.” The six point plan includes mobilising an international humanitarian coalition for Ukraine and supporting it in its efforts to provide for its own self-defence. The new plan comes as Mr Johnson plans to meet leaders from Canada, Netherlands and Central Europe in London next week This week the Prime Minister will call on the international community to make a renewed and concerted effort to ensure Putin fails in Ukraine.  In the days since Russia invaded Ukraine we have seen an unprecedented wave of international condemnation from across the globe. On Wednesday evening 141 nations voted to denounce Russia’s actions in only the 11th Emergency Special Session of the UN General Assembly ever held. The same day, 38 countries, coordinated by the UK, led the largest ever referral to the International Criminal Court to ensure Putin will be held to account for his war crimes. On Monday the Prime Minister will welcome Canadian Prime Minister Trudeau and Dutch Prime Minister Rutte to Downing Street for discussions on how to turn these commitments into a concerted campaign of solidarity with Ukraine. READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Prepare for nuclear strike - UK warned  On Friday he spoke to President Macron and the leaders of Turkey and Serbia. On Tuesday, he will host leaders of the ‘V4’ group of Central European nations – the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia. These are countries already experiencing first-hand the humanitarian crisis rapidly engulfing the European continent.  The Prime Minister will tell leaders that, to ensure Putin fails in his ambitions, the international community must come together under a six-point plan of action to mobilise an international humanitarian coalition for Ukraine and support its efforts to provide for its own self-defence. DON'T MISSFight with madman Putin is 'struggle of our generation' warns Truss [INTERVIEW]Truss warns Putin: Britain WILL push for NATO expansion [LATEST]Putin must lose, but only Russia can dethrone him [OPINION]  Also to maximise the economic pressure on Putin’s regime, prevent the creeping normalisation of what Russia is doing in Ukraine and pursue diplomatic paths to de-escalation but only on the basis of full participation by the legitimate government of Ukraine Finally he wants to begin a rapid campaign to strengthen security and resilience across the Euro-Atlantic area. Last week the UK increased its humanitarian support to Ukraine and the region to £220 million announced this year, including £20 million of match funding to the DEC appeal. The UK continues to supply defensive and lethal weaponry to Ukraine and the Prime Minister has spoken to Ukrainian President Zelenskyy daily to understand the Ukrainian Armed Forces’ needs. 