Weatherman Matt Taylor predicted dropping temperatures in the UK to around minus six degrees in Northern parts of the UK. Mr Taylor predicted lots of breakthrough sunshine despite a widespread frost as we head into next week. The Met Office have issued 11 flood alerts in the UK over the last 24-hours. Mr Taylor also predicted fewer clouds in the South as we head into this evening and overnight. Mr Taylor said: "The cold start across Northern and Western areas once again, but after that frosty start another sunny day will follow. "Even where we saw plenty of clouds yesterday there should be a little more sunshine breaking through as well.  "The latest temperatures out there at the moment, temperatures down to minus six, minus seven a few spots. "Notice we're just about frost-free in the Southern and Eastern areas, this is where there's a bit more breeze and a bit more cloud. JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv Mr Taylor added: "One or two isolated showers this morning, anywhere from Northern England Southwards but few in number, most places will be dry. "A drier brighter day through these Eastern Counties of England compared with yesterday, notice how the cloud break up a little bit more. "Quite a stiff breeze blowing through the Hebrides and also across Southern Counties of England and South Wales. "And it's that breeze that will make you feel distinctly chilly when the sun is not with you.  READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse Mr Taylor added: "Temperatures like yesterday, around seven or eight degrees, but for the North where the winds are lighter once again that sun has got a bit on strength and it will feel quite pleasant through the afternoon. "But once more as we go through tonight with the cloud broken across most areas, and a few more cloud breaks in the South. "A more widespread frost to take us into the Monday morning commute, temperatures just about anywhere in rural areas could be below freezing, down to about minus five, minus six in a few spots, again. "Maybe picking up across Northern Ireland later in the night, but even here still a frost possible. DON'T MISS Mercury plunges to sub zero as arctic blast of -5C to hit Britain [INSIGHT]UK long range forecast: Freezing -3C chill to blast Britain [ANALYSIS]I'm A Celeb jungle return hit by floods sending ITV plans into chaos [VIDEO] Mr Taylor added: "The reason the temperatures lift here, is because Western areas will be a bit breezier tomorrow. "Eastern areas lighter winds, now we will see the cloud in the South, to begin with, drift a bit further Northwards. "So maybe the skies not quite as blue across Northern Ireland, Northern England as it will be this afternoon, but still a dry day with sunny spells. "A little bit chilly in that strengthening breeze, now the reason the breeze is strengthening is high-pressure slow moving just to the East of us."