For the past few weeks, EastEnders favourite Jean (played by Gillian Wright) has been behaving recklessly and her daughter Stacey (Lacey Turner) became suspicious she may have stopped taking her bipolar medication. It seemed she hadn't though, so Jean's sudden change in behaviour is a mystery, but it's possible she needs to increase her dosage. As she refuses to make a doctor's appointment though, Stacey takes drastic action. As her mother decides to move out of the house in anger in upcoming episodes of the BBC soap, will she try to flee Walford completely? In her vulnerable state, Jean could be in real danger. In future scenes, Stacey is concerned as Jean explains to her she's planning a surprise for the children. She also puts pressure on her daughter to tell Arthur the truth about his murdered father, Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami). Later, residents are angry as Jean has blocked the market by purchasing a bouncy castle for all the kids. Watching on, Martin Fowler (James Bye) becomes concerned about Jean's actions. Stacey is mortified when she sees Jean in the bouncy castle, and when she accidentally hurts Arthur Fowler (Hunter Bell) and embarrasses herself, Stacey attempts to get her off. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) joins Jean on the bouncy castle, infuriating Stacey. She starts to think he doesn’t truly understand Jean’s condition. A worried Stacey goes to desperate lengths to try and help her mum, banning her from being alone with the children until she sees a doctor. Jean angrily confronts Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) about Stacey's ultimatum and tries to convince her she is more than capable of looking after the children. Later on, Jean manages to slip out to the tube station with Arthur, and she explains to him what happened to Kush. With help from Martin, Stacey finds Jean and Arthur but is devastated to discover what her mother has done. After a huge argument with Stacey, Jean turns up at Harvey and Rocky Cant’s (Brian Conley), she’s moving in with them. She drops the devastating claim that Stacey is now dead to her. A worried Stacey tries to explain to Harvey how Jean’s current behaviour is evidence that she's experiencing a manic episode. Later on, Harvey suggests to Jean to get out of London and Jean insists on leaving now and not waiting. Against the advice of Eve Unwin (Heather Peace), Stacey pretends to be her mum to get a doctor’s appointment. DON'T MISS... Holding writer Graham Norton details big change in series [EXCLUSIVE]Kate Garraway opens on decision to document Derek's journey [LATEST]Holly Willoughby misses Dancing on Ice after contracting Covid [LATEST] It's possible this could be the final straw for Jean. If Harvey insists on waiting to get away and Jean can't change his mind, she may decide to leave by herself. If she is struggling mentally, she could be in danger if she flees by herself without telling anyone. Stacey has been trying to figure out what's going on with her mum recently, but nobody else seems to think there's an issue. Stacey knows her mother well though, so if she believes Jean is going through a release, she probably is. In the past, Jean has been hospitalised over her illness when she has come off her medication. If she impulsively decides to go away, she may spiral further out of control, with nobody around to help her. Will a huge search commence as Stacey panics about the whereabouts of Jean? If she is found, she may be in a terrible state and will perhaps be hospitalised again. Will she decide to make a permanent exit from the Square when she recovers? The popular character has been in the soap since 2004, and in that time has been at the forefront of some major storylines, many revolving around Jean's mental health struggles. It's possible she will decide to move on, believing she has let Stacey down over Arthur. She might decide to move in with her son Sean Slater (Robert Kazinsky) and make a fresh start. EastEnders continues on Tuesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.