Nick Kyrgios is no doubt known for being one of tennis’ great showmen, however even he was left amazed with one of his own shots at the Miami Open on Thursday. The Australian put in an impressive performance to defeat Adrian Mannarino in straight sets in the opening round, which included a bit of brilliance in the opening set tie-break. Kyrgios headed to Miami in encouraging form, after reaching the quarter-finals in Indian Wells, before being knocked out by Australian Open champion Rafael Nadal. The 26-year-old has seemingly carried his form into this week’s event, after seeing off Mannarino 7-6, 6-3. Despite the straight sets victory it was still a real battle for the Aussie, who was forced into a tie break in the opening set. This however is where Kyrgios showed some magic, after winning a point that even left himself gobsmacked to move 3-1 ahead. A serve from his French opponent pushed the 26-year-old wide on the court, however from nowhere he returned a quite remarkable backhand on the angle to secure the point. The shot was well admired by the TV commentary team, with one crying out: “Oh my goodness me!” JUST IN: Emma Raducanu shares sweet Ash Barty gesture as world No 1 announces shock retirement He was then quick to point out Kyrgios’ reaction by adding: “Even Nick Kyrgios can’t believe the angle he’s found there.” The camera quickly panned to the Australian who looked more than surprised after moving further ahead in the tie-break. His moment of brilliance only seemed to spur the Aussie star on, as he went on to clinch the tie-break 7-3, along with the opener. The second set proved a simpler task for Kyrgios who saw off his opponent 6-3 to move in to the second round of the Miami Open. The 26-year-old’s next task comes in the form of Russian Andrey Rublev, who also heads into this week in strong form after reaching the semi finals at Indian Wells, losing to eventual winner Taylor Fritz. Ahead of his upcoming clash Kyrgios had plenty of praise for his second-round opponent. DON'T MISSOsaka speaks out on heckling incident for first time after Miami winDraper sets up all-British Miami clash with Norrie as Raducanu watchesRecently-retired Konta praises Barty for shock decision to quit tennis He said: “I grew up with him, I've seen him play. He's a hell of a player. Obviously we all know what he's capable of and I'm going into that match as a complete underdog.” Despite labelling himself as the underdog, Kyrgios still believes he has the attributes to come away with victory on Friday. He added: “But I feel confident. If I'm serving well and playing well from the back I can beat anyone, and everyone knows that. I'm excited."