On Thursday, Vladimir Putin announced Russian forces were to launch an invasion of Ukraine, with the conflict now entering it’s sixth day. The West has sanctioned Russian oligarchs and companies, which has impacted both Moscow and Europe with staggering inflation and prices on gas and petrol. Now, as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine continues, data shows the UK is set to be rocked by inflation. Pantheon Macroeconomics, a research consultancy, had forecast before the invasion inflation would rise to 7.7 percent in April and drop back to 6 percent in October.  Now, it expects inflation to peak at 8.2 percent in April, and still be at 7.5 percent in October, quadrupling the rate targeted by the Bank of England earlier this year.  The UK was already set for a surge in inflation, with the Bank of England saying it would reach 7.25 percent in April when the energy price cap is lifted, with bills expected to rise by an average of almost £700. In data provided to The Daily Telegraph, Pantheon Macroeconomics forecast ‘real earnings’ would see a drop of 2.2 percent in 2021, the largest since World War 2. This would be 0.4 percent more than forecast before the war in Ukraine began. In addition, the surge in gas prices following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine led Pantheon to forecast the price cap to rise by a further 33 percent in October, three times higher than the 11 percent rise it previously anticipated. Pantheon has also downgraded its British GDP growth forecast to just 1.5 percent both this year and in 2023. READ MORE: PMQs LIVE: UK led the way! Boris fires back at Starmer's attack In data provided to The Daily Telegraph, Pantheon Macroeconomics forecast ‘real earnings’ would see a drop of 2.2 percent in 2021, the largest since World War 2.This would be 0.4 percent more than forecast before the war in Ukraine began.In addition, the surge in gas prices following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine led Pantheon to forecast the price cap to rise by a further 33 percent in October, three times higher than the 11 percent rise it previously anticipated.Pantheon has also downgraded its British GDP growth forecast to just 1.5 percent both this year and in 2023. GfK, a German analytics firm, also told the outlet consumer confidence in the 12-month outlook for personal finances fell 12 points since January. Joe Staton, of GfK, said: “There’s clear anxiety in these findings as many consumers worry about balancing the household books at the end of the month without going into further debt.” The German firms data was gathered before Russia began its invasion of Ukraine. Andrew Wishart, of Capital Economics consultants, also told The Telegraph: “Persistent inflation and the grim news flow could cause sentiment to sour further over the coming weeks.” Meanwhile it comes as the latest Nationwide House Price Index shows annual UK house price growth increased to 12.6 percent in February. Robert Gardner, Nationwide's Chief Economist, said: “Annual house price growth accelerated to 12.6 percent in February, up from 11.2 percent in January and the strongest pace since June last year. “Prices rose by 1.7 percent month-on-month, after taking account of seasonal effects, the seventh consecutive monthly increase. “The price of a typical home rose above £260,000 for the first time in February, an increase of £29,162 over the past 12 months. “This is the largest ever annual increase in cash terms since the start of our monthly index in 1991. “The price of a typical home is now £44,138 (20 percent) higher than in February 2020 - the month before the pandemic struck the UK.” Meanwhile it comes as the latest Nationwide House Price Index shows annual UK house price growth increased to 12.6 percent in February. Robert Gardner, Nationwide's Chief Economist, said: “Annual house price growth accelerated to 12.6 percent in February, up from 11.2 percent in January and the strongest pace since June last year.  “Prices rose by 1.7 percent month-on-month, after taking account of seasonal effects, the seventh consecutive monthly increase.  “The price of a typical home rose above £260,000 for the first time in February, an increase of £29,162 over the past 12 months.  “This is the largest ever annual increase in cash terms since the start of our monthly index in 1991. “The price of a typical home is now £44,138 (20 percent) higher than in February 2020 - the month before the pandemic struck the UK.” Reacting to the findings, James Forrester Managing Director of estate agent Barrows and Forrester, fired back at “naysayers” forecasting a blow to the British housing market. He said: “Yet another increase in property values demonstrates the current strength of the UK property market and the deafening silence coming from the usual band of property market naysayers is no better testament to this overall health. “Despite many prophesying the end of the market due to Brexit, the pandemic and the end of the stamp duty holiday, amongst other things, we’re yet to see a chink appear in the armour of what is perhaps the most defiant and dependable property market in the world.” Marc von Grundherr, Director of Benham and Reeves, also said: “There’s arguably never been a better time to be a homeowner as, despite all that’s been thrown at it, the UK property market continues to go from strength to strength. “This performance really is quite alarming when you consider the wider economic turmoil that we’ve faced for some years now and it proves that there really is no safer investment than bricks and mortar. “Even across London where market conditions have remained far more muted, values have continued to climb and the capital’s property market is now poised to enjoy an accelerated rate of growth over the coming year.” Reacting to the findings, James Forrester Managing Director of estate agent Barrows and Forrester, fired back at “naysayers” forecasting a blow to the British housing market. He said: “Yet another increase in property values demonstrates the current strength of the UK property market and the deafening silence coming from the usual band of property market naysayers is no better testament to this overall health. “Despite many prophesying the end of the market due to Brexit, the pandemic and the end of the stamp duty holiday, amongst other things, we’re yet to see a chink appear in the armour of what is perhaps the most defiant and dependable property market in the world.”  Marc von Grundherr, Director of Benham and Reeves, also said: “There’s arguably never been a better time to be a homeowner as, despite all that’s been thrown at it, the UK property market continues to go from strength to strength.  “This performance really is quite alarming when you consider the wider economic turmoil that we’ve faced for some years now and it proves that there really is no safer investment than bricks and mortar.  “Even across London where market conditions have remained far more muted, values have continued to climb and the capital’s property market is now poised to enjoy an accelerated rate of growth over the coming year.”