Russian National Ballet had multiple performances of Sleeping Beauty scheduled at theatres across the UK but, since Russia invaded Ukraine, shows have been axed in places including Wolverhampton and Northampton. People in Middlesbrough have also called for the performance to be banned but the council has so far refused to give in. Middlesbrough Council, which Labour lost to no overall control in 2019, says Russian National Ballet actually has no link to Russia as a political entity because the brand was established by Amande Concerts, which is a UK company. Andy Preston, mayor of the town, told citizens they must "keep hold of reality". He said: "It would be completely wrong to ban a UK-based company and their performers - some from Ukraine - who don’t appear to have any links with the Russian state. "My understanding is that this is an international cast of performers who, for artistic reasons, use the name of Russia in their stage name. "We need to keep hold of reality here." The politician told Teesside Live that residents must "pause and think" ahead of the performance.  Mr Preston, 55, continued: "Like anyone sensible, my heart and head is with Ukraine right now and I want to see Putin disappear. "But I am not anti-Russian or against Russian people, who are increasingly turning against their despotic leader. "I absolutely understand that emotions are running high for us all but we need to pause and think before things get out of hand. "Not too long ago when our country was at war with Germany and Italy, some people turned on German and Italian neighbours they’d known for decades - just because of where they were born. We mustn’t let that happen again. "In uniting in condemnation of Vladimir Putin and the invasion of Ukraine, we shouldn’t try to demonise all Russian people who, right now, are bravely rebelling against the dictator who oppresses them."  Middlesbrough Theatre’s website originally referred to the show as the Russian National Ballet is now just referring to it as the National Ballet. But although the firm dropped the "Russian" part of the name in negotiations with other venues, it has faced cancellations elsewhere. Swansea Council, for instance, axed the show as it felt it was "inappropriate" and it will now refund ticketholders. However, a statement from Amande Concerts, which is registered to an address in Canterbury, Kent, said: "This brand acts as an umbrella for the presentation of artists of many different nationalities that have graduated from artistic institutions in Russia and countries that were formerly part of the Soviet Union. "We understand the potential for confusion this name causes, but there is no link between Amande Concerts to the Russian 'state' as a political entity."  Boris Johnson has today stressed that the "vice is tightening" on Vladimir Putin. Speaking at Prime Minister's Questions, the determined leader added Mr Putin "will fail and we will succeed in protecting Ukraine". But Sir Keir Starmer, Leader of the Opposition, continues to question Mr Johnson's handling of the situation.  