Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher has waded into Gary Neville's scathing attack on a cluster of Manchester United stars who were spotted out and about in the days following their crushing Champions League defeat to Atletico Madrid. England hero Gary Lineker also threw his hat into the ring on an issue which has broadly divided opinion. United were frustrated by Atletico last week as Renan Lodi's first-half header sealed a 2-1 aggregate victory. Having earned a draw out in Spain, many fancied the Red Devils to progress to the Champions League quarter-finals and boost their chances of qualifying for next year's competition. One win in their last five games has sparked concern among United fans as Ralf Rangnick struggles to make things click. Recent results have also left their top-four bid hanging by a thread going into the two-week international break. With some Red Devils stars spotted gallivanting to various sports and social events following their troubling recent run, Neville ranted on social media: "I remember a time when United players, managers, executives wouldn’t be seen in their local Italian after a draw at home let alone getting knocked out of Europe. This last week we’ve seen a global tour of F1, Concerts, Cricket and UFC events. This lot are Tone Deaf!" JUST IN: Chelsea's ex-star Tammy Abraham tipped to be 'next Didier Drogba' amid Roma revival Neville's take prompted a mixed response, with Lineker among those to defend Rangnick's players. When asked if he had ever changed plans after suffering a bad defeat, the former World Cup Golden Boot winner replied: "Never. Ever. Why would you?" Carragher and Neville are regularly seen bickering with eachother when dissecting the week's football action, but the former Reds hero jumped to his former foe's defence during the Twitter dispute. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's Ralf Rangnick has four problems to solve over international breakChelsea fans offered Champions League and FA Cup ticket hopeTottenham target Dybala prepares to ditch Juventus and 'open talks' "Because you’re that disappointed with a result or your own performance that you can’t face people," Carragher told Lineker, "You couldn’t enjoy yourself as you can’t get the game out of your head. I can’t believe you’ve never felt like that or changed your plans for a night out." Indeed, most United players have an extended opportunity to kick their feet up over the next couple of weeks due to Gareth Southgate's England squad selection. Luke Shaw and Harry Maguire were the only two to make the cut, and the latter was considered lucky by many to get that far. The likes of Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford were among those in the Red Devils squad to miss out. Southgate explained: "There are other attacking players in our squad who are ahead of him [Sancho] in our opinion. "Jadon in the last few weeks his performances have improved but it is an area of the pitch where we have competition for places. With Marcus, he is in the same position as everyone else, whether they are in the squad or not they all have to play well in the next period, it is a difficult time for him, he is clearly not at his best." 