Nikki Haley, who served as the 29th United States ambassador to the United Nations from January 2017 to January 2019, has blasted the Biden administration’s bid to salvage the Iran nuclear deal. While the Biden administration has repeatedly stated it isn’t negotiating a new agreement, it has been taking part in international talks to bring Iran and the States back into compliance with the deal.   Since the deal was originally negotiated seven years ago, Iran has broken away from its commitments under the agreement, and many believe it would be able to quickly develop nuclear weapons and pose a serious threat to security if a breakthrough is not reached. Taking to Twitter and writing to her 706,000 followers, Ms Haley condemned the timing of President Biden’s actions. She wrote: “President Biden is negotiating with Russia on an Iran deal as Putin rains down horror on Ukraine and the world. “To announce a new deal now would be a monumental mistake and the worst possible message to Iran, Russia, and all of America’s enemies.” READ MORE: Lavrov rants at Biden as he mocks EU 'under America control'  Under a law passed after the 2015 deal, the President is required to submit any new agreement with Iran to the Senate for a 30-day review. However, the White House is expected to argue the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act doesn’t apply in this case and that US negotiators have worked out the details in the original 2015 deal. A State Department spokesperson said in a statement: “The administration will carefully consider the facts and circumstances of any US return to the JCPOA to determine the legal implications, including those under INARA. “The President believes that a bipartisan approach to Iran is the strongest way to safeguard US interests for the long-term, and administration officials have reached out at all levels to members of Congress and their staff to discuss our approach to Iran.” DON'T MISS'Liability' Kamala Harris causing 'exasperation and dysfunction' [REVEAL]Whoopi Goldberg hits back at Joe Biden critics over Russia [UPDATE]Donald Trump blasts Joe Biden over Russia's invasion of Ukraine [INSIGHT]  The 2015 agreement, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA, imposed restrictions on Iran’s nuclear program which was granted with an easing of sanctions. President Donald Trump notoriously withdrew the US from the agreement in 2018, calling it the “worst deal ever”. The prospect for a return to the 2015 deal has reopened the debate over the benefits. Supporters of the deal argue it offers the best way to ensure Iran doesn’t acquire nuclear weapons.    However, opponents say some of the deal’s provisions are due to expire over the next several years, including a UN ban on ballistic missile launches. Richard Goldberg, who worked on Iran policy in the Trump administration and is now a fellow at the Foundation for Defence of Democracies, argues that Iran has moved forward with its technological capabilities. He said: “All that’s happened is Iran has now raced forward with its technological capability and is going to be allowed to keep all of that technological capability intact.”  