Harvey Guillén will be stepping away from his role as Jasper Duncan in Amazon’s Jack Reacher for a role in the beloved animated series, Puss in Boots. The actor will join the star-studded cast for the show’s release later this year. Puss in Boots first hit the screens in 2011 and, thankfully for fans, after a lengthy wait the sequel will finally be released this year. The movie Puss in Boots: The Last Wish, will see Salma Hayek Pinault reprise her role as Kitty Softpaws. Alongside her will be Antonio Banderas' Puss in Boots and Harvey Guillén, who will be making his debut in the series as a new character Perro. With Guillén as the new canine character, the trio will soon be making their mark on the big screen. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview The 2011 film was the highly-anticipated spin-off to come from Shrek 2, as many wanted to see more from the witty character who impressed fans. After its success, bosses were in talks of a sequel back in 2014, announcing the film would be called Puss in Boots 2: Nine Lives & 40 Thieves. Even though it was scheduled for a November release, the movie was cancelled by DreamWorks due to corporate restructuring. Thankfully for fans, the film was picked up and given new life after an announcement in March 2021.  Puss in Boots: The Last Wish, will follow the adventures of the newly formed trio, with the daring outlaw who according to Deadline discovered “his passion for peril and disregard for safety have taken their toll”. While Kitty Softpaw first made an appearance in the 2011 film, Perro the new dog character will be one of the latest characters in the franchise. Guillén will be joining a cast of established actors and household names which include Florence Pugh, Olivia Coleman and Ray Winstone. So far, the cast also includes John Mulaney, Wagner Moura, Da'Vine Joy Randolph, Anthony Mendez and Samson Kayo.  DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [INSIGHT]Reacher producer details biggest change from book to screen [INSIGHT]Reacher season 2: Willa Fitzgerald teases Roscoe spin-off [THEORY] This role is a huge shift for Guillén who is well known for playing Jasper Duncan, the medical examiner in Amazon’s Reacher. The thrilling crime series is based on the Jack Reacher book series, written by Lee Childs. It stars Alan Ritchson as the former military policeman who continued to take down dangerous criminals no matter his location. In the series, Jasper worked closely with Jack and helped him with observations when he arrived in Margrave, Georgia.  Although Reacher premiered in February, Amazon announced the show had been renewed and would receive a second season. Showrunner Nick Santora shared his excitement in a statement which read: “The entire Reacher team, cast, production, writers, etc. is so happy with the wonderful reception the show has received. “Amazon, Skydance, and Paramount have been such fantastic partners and everyone is excited to roll up their sleeves and get to work on what will be a great Season two.” Puss in Boots: The Last Wish finally will premiere on Friday, September 23, 2022. Reacher is available on Amazon Prime Video. 