Ferrari chiefs will have been over the moon with their first Formula One win in over two years at the season opener in Bahrain on Sunday, especially with Charles Leclerc's team-mate Carlos Sainz also coming second. However, McLaren development driver Katie Milner believes that the season will take many twists and turns throughout, tipping Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton to challenge for races in the future. Ferrari's last win was the Singapore Grand Prix in September 2019, when Sebastian Vettel took top spot to give the Prancing Horse victory. Incidentally, Leclerc came second in what was Ferrari's last one-two finish. However the result on Sunday has given the Italian outfit increased confidence of securing a first Constructors' Championship since 2008 when Kimi Raikkonen and Felipe Massa won them the title. With Red Bull's Verstappen and Sergio Perez both failing to complete the race in Bahrain, Ferrari are already 43 points ahead of the title favourites after just one race. But McLaren's Milner, who spoke to Express Sport on the Women In Sport #SheCan series, believes there will be many opportunities for other drivers to fight back in the title race. "I think what they've done is great to be honest with the new cars. A lot of people were always expecting the same people to win all the time," Milner said. "These new cars bring out a lot more driver ability. Obviously the teams still have quite a big part in it but we've seen a different team at the top now. Through the year as teams develop the car a lot more, we'll start to see quite a few more teams up there and a lot more different drivers winning as well. "There's three top teams at the moment. I think we might see that battle between Hamilton and Verstappen again possibly. Whether Ferrari might drop a little bit under when Mercedes and Red Bull sort their issues out... It'll be interesting. I think we'll see a lot of chopping and changing throughout the season." The next race takes place in Saudi Arabia on Sunday.  Lewis Hamilton won the inaugural race in the country last year to set up a tense battle for the title in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Leclerc and Sainz finished 10th and third respectively as Sainz pipped McLaren's Lando Norris to fifth in the Drivers' Championship on the final day. The Ferrari pair are odds-on favourites to take home the Constructors' Championship and Leclerc is favourite to win the Drivers' Championship for the first time in his career, with his previous best being a fourth-placed finish in 2019.