In the increasingly toxic modern era of football, it is more and more challenging to find players who are universally adored at every club they go to. Pleasing supporters is a difficult task, with the stakes never higher and the furious and unforgiving nature of social media an unpleasant backdrop. For this reason, the likes of Jermain Defoe are becoming a rare breed - and this is why the striker must be celebrated following the news of his retirement on Thursday at the age of 39. A quick glance at the stats will tell you just how impressive the ex-England international's career was. He lies as high as ninth on the all-time Premier League top scorer list, with a massively commendable 162 strikes despite never having played for a team who regularly challenged for titles or major honours. You would be hard-pressed to find anybody who enjoyed the feeling of the ball hitting the back of the net more than Defoe. Because more than anything, he really, really bloody loved scoring goals. They came in all shapes and sizes, but there were not too many sights in football more satisfying than that of Defoe wriggling away from his marker before firing off that trademark rifling shot, followed by a broad grin as he lapped up the cheers of his admiring audience. And the fact is that he really was admired everywhere. The West Ham faithful may have given him stick after he diverted across London to rivals Tottenham, but that was only because they were so enamored with him to start with. He went on to become a cult hero at Spurs across three separate spells in N17, and also enjoyed prolific spells at the likes of Portsmouth, Sunderland and Rangers too. Let's not forget his contributions to the national team, either. 20 goals in 57 appearances for the Three Lions is not to be sniffed at, and he popped up at some vitally important moments (such as to save England's blushes with a poacher's finish in the 1-0 win over Slovenia in the final group stage game of the 2010 World Cup). Despite his superb goalscoring instincts, Defoe was far from the perfect player. He was regularly accused of selfishness, and on more than one occasion per match would seem to take a shot or try to do it all himself rather than finding a teammate in a better position. But that selfish streak no doubt also helped him build up those impressive scoring stats. So just why was Defoe quite so popular throughout his career? It may have something to do with the fact that his playing style harked back to simpler times. While those at the elite level these days are expected to perform a number of different roles in a team, Defoe had one very straightforward one - to get on the ball and try to score. Whether that meant him hanging around the box or dropping deep and trying to get a long shot off, there was always a noticeable crackle of excitement within the stadium any time he had the ball at his feet, with the crowd safe in the knowledge that an attempt on goal would be coming at any second. Defoe's impact off the field cannot be ignored either, and his long-standing friendship with Bradley Lowery is the type of story which will never be forgotten. The outpouring of tributes from the great and the good of the footballing world for Defoe show just how revered he is, and it will be intriguing to follow his next steps, whether that be in punditry or coaching. Whatever the case, even though his trophy cabinet may not be bursting at the seams, Defoe must be considered a Premier League legend, and one who brought happiness and joy wherever he went.