The Aries Sun settled in just days ago, bringing a new energy and uncomplicated air to its fellow zodiac signs. Known for being fiery and direct, Aries is coupled with the Sagittarius Moon for the day to create a lively and confident atmosphere - but what does it mean for you? Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for today. The Moon spends the day in optimistic Sagittarius, inspiring us to make bolder decisions. It will continue its transit until tomorrow evening when it becomes square to Mercury before entering mellow Capricorn. Cafe Astrology forecasts that all signs will be more outgoing, adventurous, and interested in gaining knowledge and experience throughout the day. READ MORE: ‘Ridiculous!’ Royal Mail warns Britons of fresh postal delays There are two key transits today that could see a relationship be reconciled for three zodiac signs. The Moon in Sagittarius and Moon square Jupiter could see Libra, Scorpio and Sagittarius solve unrest with an ex-partner or friendship. Jupiter’s square position to the Moon will make Libra feel as though they’re ready to start over with their personality, offering a chance at reconciliation with someone they might not see eye-to-eye with. Stubborn Scorpio will see their horizons broadened by the square alignment, while Sagittarius will embrace their positivity and enthusiasm for a happier future. Cafe Astrology said: “Mercury aligns with Neptune today, helping ease some tension or release mental blocks. “It can be a day of interesting ideas, tastes, conversations, and musings. “With this transit, we’re more inclined to apply our intuition to everyday issues and problems.” Throughout the day, the mid-week slump will be replaced by inspired communications and inspirational thinking. DON'T MISS:Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours [REVEAL]Princess Victoria's zodiac shows she's 'too overprotective' as a mum [ANALYSIS]Leo is 'the centre of attention' but 'appearances are deceiving' [INSIGHT] While some interactions will be quite fanciful, Cafe Astrology warned that others may be vague and unclear, and possibly deceptive. We should avoid allowing wishful thinking to dictate our decisions, but tapping into our imagination can be rewarding. The alignment of these powerful planets will have a mixed, yet largely positive impact on all signs today, offering clarity and a re-charged imagination. Cafe Astrology forecasted new-found inspiration for those with an Aries sun, with “significant realisations” on the cards for this fire sign. For Aries, the Mercury-Neptune alignment will encourage: For other signs, Cafe Astrology predicted the alignment will spark: