The diner, named Lili, gave Old House At Home in Walsall, West Midlands, a one-star critique following their recent visit. They said they had pre-booked a family buffet and notified the team two guests had certain dietary requirements, but that the food supplied was not as promised. But the venue's manager, Adam, alleged CCTV in the restaurant showed the family visit the buffet with at least one person enjoying three full plates of food. He said that all noted allergy requirements were met and no issues were raised on the day. The restauarant boss said the food "cannot have been that bad as you had three plates full as far as my CCTV shows". As Birmingham Live says, the full response reads: "I'm very sorry that you felt the need to write this review, particularly as you had contact from us via email and phone call to try and resolve your quarrels. All your noted allergy requirements were met and noted on the buffet. "May I add that food catered for specific allergens is perfectly fine to eat for people without the allergy. As a sandwich buffet with difficulties around multiple allergens you received more food than our normal allocation for such a small buffet request. "We have multiple functions involving buffets and great word of mouth reviews for what we supply. The food cannot have been that bad as you had three plate fulls of it as far as my CCTV shows so I am unsure what you are trying to achieve. "My assistant manager has listened and we do our best to fix any issues in house at the time, but no comments were made to any of our team on the day, and she has decided it's best that, should you wish, you contact Marstons customer services directly. "I am satisfied that we went beyond the norm for your buffet because of the allergen requests. And whilst we have tried to communicate to resolve the complaint, you slander us on review websites with false information."  The diner originally argued the experience "was less than acceptable for those of us with no dietary requirements". Lili's review reads: "Pre-booked a family buffet well in advance, ensured the management knew the exact requirements for two of our guests who had food allergies, one of which has a severe allergy and carries an epi-pen at all times. "Nothing was as promised and food was provided with no assurance that the allergies had been catered for. The food supplied was less than acceptable for those of us with no dietary requirements. "Saddest thing is that they will not acknowledge these issues and choose to ignore them. Someone may have died had they eaten an item they were allergic to. "HAVE TRIED TO CONTACT THEM - but - NO RESPONSE to date."  Old House At Home has three-stars on Tripadvisor and regularly receives "excellent" reviews. One diner who visited only a week ago stated they "couldn't fault the food". The review said: "Barbara was absolutely spot on. Only employee present on bar and serving food, worked incredibly hard. "Couldn’t fault the food either, very nice and Barbara’s attitude and personality shone through." Another guest said: "Had a lovely meal and get together with family tonight, food was superb as ever and staff went over and above for us. Can’t wait to come back!" 