Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has stepped up his pursuit of Barcelona starlet Gavi by reportedly offering the teenager a contract worth £5million a year. The German is looking to bolster his squad this summer and has turned his attentions to the youngster. Gavi is enjoying a fine maiden season in the Barcelona first team and has quickly established himself as a key part of the side. The midfielder only turned 17 days before the new campaign began but was thrust into the team as a substitute against Getafe before the end of August. And he has gone on to make 33 appearances for the Spanish giants throughout the campaign. Most of those outings have come in centre midfield, but the player has also occupied roles on both wings. And his versatility will clearly be propitious for any club who are able to prise him away from Catalonia. Gavi will have just one more year remaining on his Barca contract when the current season comes to an end. The teenage sensation has been linked with a whole host of European powerhouses, who are desperate to get their hands on him. And, according to transfer reporter Gerard Romero, Liverpool have already made a proposal to the player worth £5m a year. READ MORE: Man Utd fans pelt Simeone with missiles after Atletico Madrid loss    The Reds have opted for a transfer policy which favours quality over quantity in recent times, with Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz the only two players to arrive at Anfield during the last two windows. And with the futures of the likes of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Naby Keita up in the air, Klopp will be keen to bring in new faces. Gavi played all six of Barcelona’s Champions League games before Christmas, although the team failed to reach the knockout stages. And his inclusion for his side’s biggest games illustrates just how highly he is regarded at the Nou Camp. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message       Barcelona are desperate to keep the youngster in Spain and have already entered into negotiations with him over a new deal. And they are confident that he will opt to stay in Spain rather than turn his back on a club he has been with since 2015. But Gavi has a release clause of £42m if he departs Barca before the end of June – and that figure will be music to the ears of the top clubs across Europe. Manchester United and Chelsea are also reportedly interested in Gavi, as are Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich. So Barcelona could face a huge battle to hold onto him. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 