PlutoTV has already made some major American shows available to watch for UK audiences, such as Star Trek Discovery, since it was bought by Viacom in 2019. Drama fans who have been itching to get their hands on The Paramount Network hit, Yellowstone, will now finally be able to tune in to the first three seasons on the streaming platform, with no subscription required. Seasons one, two and three of Yellowstone will be airing on PlutoTV’s More TV Drama channel in the UK, starting this week. The series will begin for UK audiences for the first time at 3pm on Friday, March 25. Season two will then start at 3pm on Saturday, followed by season three at 12pm on Sunday. Even better, viewers won’t need to sign up or pay any costs to tune in to the popular Western series. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role PlutoTV’s statement reads: “Yellowstone chronicles the Dutton family, led by John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner), who controls the largest contiguous cattle ranch in the United States. “Amid shifting alliances, unsolved murders, open wounds, and hard-earned respect – the ranch is in constant conflict with those it borders – an expanding town, an Indian reservation, and America’s first national park.” Hollywood legend Kevin steps into one of his most complex roles to date in the series, which is helmed by Sicario and Hell or High Water screenwriter-director Taylor Sheridan. Yellowstone’s fourth season proved a smash hit for US audiences when it aired last year. Already one of the most popular new dramas, after more than a year off-screens the 2021 premiere broke records for the series with over eight million viewers tuning in. It continued to shatter records with the season finale at the start of the new year, which an impressive 11 million viewers watched live. Therefore, it’s no surprise many in the UK are desperate to watch one of the most talked-about new TV dramas of the past few years. Hopefully, PlutoTV’s plans to air the first three seasons mean it also won’t be too long until season four also becomes available to watch in the UK. DON'T MISS:Gordon Ramsay addresses Marco Pierre White feud [INSIGHT]New Amsterdam hiatus: Fans furious as season 4 off-air [REACTION]NCIS LA season 13: Marty and Kensi reunite with returning agent [LATEST] Plus, the franchise expanded last year with Taylor’s prequel series, 1883, tracing the Dutton saga back to its early beginnings in the 19th Century. Meanwhile, another prequel set in 1932, as well as a Sixes Ranch spin-off, are also in the works for Paramount. In the last season, John and his family were still recovering from a devastating attack against the ranch at the end of season three. While Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) faces off against Market Equities, her brother Jamie (Wes Bentley) finds out more about his mysterious past. After Kayce (Luke Grimes) recovers from the assault in his office, he and Monica (Kelsey Asbille) set off for pastures new with unexpected results. Finally, young ranch hand Jimmy Hurdstrom (Jefferson White) strikes out on his own while things get complicated back at the Yellowstone bunkhouse. Thankfully, the drama is by no means over, as Paramount has already confirmed work will start on the highly anticipated fifth season very soon. Yellowstone season 1 starts Friday, March 25 at 3pm on PlutoTV in the UK. Seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the USA.