Any homeowners lucky enough to have a driveway with a source of electricity are able to charge up to £3,000 a year by renting it out to EV drivers, with the possibility of earning even more if they live near to a railway station. According to Halfords and rental site Stashbee, the enormous sums are still preferable to many EV owners than having to find public chargers. Homeowners can start renting their drives out from around £5 to £10 a time, but depending on where in the country they live and the proximity of their house to town centres, the fees can increase dramatically. If you’re situated near a desirable location, such as a commuter train station, you’re more likely to earn more out of your driveway. Property owners could add at least 20 percent to potential charges if their driveway includes an electricity source, reported the Mirror. READ MORE: Britons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs Richard Bruce, Halfords motoring director, said: “We believe that private drive - ways could be one of the ways the UK can bridge the electric charging gap. “Infrastructure on trunk roads is definitely heading in the right direction, but progress is slower in residential areas where roadside charging is more of a challenge. “Getting homeowners to rent out their driveways and charging units could make a meaningful contribution to solving the problem.” Currently, homeowners can use websites and apps including Just Park and Your Parking Space in order to find people who want to rent drives. There’s also a site called Parklet which will let homeowners see how much their drives might be worth. It comes as drivers are being urged to switch to electric cars, with the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles to be banned from 2030. This deadline has been pushed forward from 2040 to help lower carbon emissions in the UK. But there are real fears the country’s infrastructure is not ready for the huge increase in EVs on the roads. Currently there are 22 electric vehicles registered to every available charger. Rising fuel prices - which hit 167p a litre for petrol on Sunday, and 179p a litre for diesel - have helped accelerate the demand for electric cars. Some 10,417 battery electric vehicles (BEVs) were registered in February. That’s a 196.3 percent increase on a year ago and 402.6 percent higher than February 2020. The UK only has 15 percent of the electric vehicle charging points it needs to meet its net zero target by 2050. And concerns about where to charge is the biggest concern stopping Brits from ditching their petrol and diesel vehicles, according to the Department for Transport. Range anxiety and running out of petrol is also a concern. Back in December 2020, Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced £1.3billion to accelerate the rollout of electric vehicle charging points in homes, streets and motorways. Would you let a stranger park in your driveway? Have your say below