Piers Morgan, 56, shared his concerns about young Ukrainian soldiers who were “off to war in Kyiv” in a touching social media post. The broadcaster compared the teenage volunteers to his own sons, as she stressed that they were “just kids”. In view of his 7.9 million followers, the former Good Morning Britain star shared a post on Twitter that featured a photo of four armed young men. The snap had been posted by BBC Middle East Editor Jeremy Bowen with the caption: “18 year old Ukrainian volunteers off to war in Kyiv. “Three days training and they will be on the front line.” Piers compared the young soldiers to his three sons, who are just in their twenties. He added in his retweet: “Three years younger than my youngest son. “Can’t even imagine it. Just kids.” Piers is dad to three older boys from his first marriage to ex-wife Marion Shalloe. He and wife Celia Walden welcomed daughter Elise in 2011, the couple's first child together. Other Twitter users appeared to share Piers’ sentiment as they commended the men’s bravery. Kalione_ said: “This has brought to light how out of touch our younger generation is with morals. “Ukrainias willing to fight will be remembered as heros for willing to pay the ultimate sacrifice for their home and people there. “Sadly I doubt many UK citizens would do the same.” (sic) DON’T MISS:Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [NEWS]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] Johntucker42 tweeted: “Only 2 years older than my child totally agree. “The sacrifices of previous generations should mean children shouldn’t have to be this brave they should just be children. “Not certain I’d be that brave.” KatLaGrace typed: “True heroes -every one of them. “That is a love for your country, right there !! “May God bless them …” RickeyHalliday stated: “I don't even see kids though. This is a picture of straight up heroes and patriots.”