Columnist Richard Kay said Prince Andrew’s prominent and symbolic role at the high profile event had “provoked dismay” at the Palace. He said officials are now “wary” of any “softening of the position of no return to royal duties”.  The news comes amid claims the Queen’s decision to give Andrew a prominent role at his father’s memorial service has sparked a row inside the Firm, with Prince Charles and the Duke of Cambridge raising concerns when the idea was first raised. Andrew provided a steady arm for the Queen as she walked into Westminster Abbey to remember the life of her husband, a few weeks after reaching a multimillion-pound out-of-court settlement in a civil sexual assault case. It was his first public event since he made an undisclosed payment to settle a US lawsuit over allegations he sexually Virginia Giuffre decades ago, claims he has vehemently denied. The settlement is not an admission of guilt. Writing for the Daily Mail, Mr Kay said: “His proximity to the Queen at yesterday’s thanksgiving has provoked dismay at the Palace. “Officials are wary of any softening of the position of no return to royal duties for the Duke of York. One insider spoke of a fear of ‘mission creep’ – that having taken so prominent a position at the memorial, Andrew might start appearing at other national events such as June’s Jubilee celebrations.  READ MORE: Lorraine blasts Andrew's role at memorial 'Could've been Princess Anne “So what should we make of the prince’s enhanced position yesterday? “Certainly he appeared at times to cut an uncomfortable figure, jaw clenched and eyes flickering from side to side as he slowed to match the unhurried pace of the Queen. “One insider spoke of a fear of ‘mission creep’ – that having taken so prominent a position at the memorial, Andrew might start appearing at other national events such as June’s Jubilee celebrations.”  DON'T MISS Prince Andrew was meant to 'sit behind daughters' at memorial [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Should Queen have allowed Prince Andrew to escort her? [POLL]Prince Andrew 'will remain in the wilderness' - no public return [OPINION] The prominent and symbolic role played by Andrew - long-rumoured to be the Queen's favourite child - was described by some commentators as a practical decision, but others have suggested it is a move towards rehabilitation for the duke. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said the "downside" of Andrew having such a prominent role is that it is a reminder of his "many errors of judgment that have led him to being removed from public life". Mr Hunt tweeted that in having Andrew carry out his role, it was a sign of the Queen "endorsing" him, saying: "It didn't happen by chance. "He could have sat in the congregation with others, with his relatives, but they actively decided that he would have this role of supporting her.  "So she has chosen, in essence, to remind people that he hasn't admitted any wrongdoing, he's not guilty of anything, he's innocent. "And she's very clearly stating that he has a role at family occasions." The event at Westminster Abbey was an opportunity for Philip's close family, European kings and queens, charity bosses and young people, whose generation were championed by the duke, to say their final goodbyes after his funeral was restricted to 30 mourners due to Covid regulations. By the end, as the National Anthem was played, the Queen - attending her first major public event in more than five months - looked emotional, blinking several times as her family sung around her. The Dean of Windsor, the Right Rev David Conner, gave the main address and paid tribute to Philip's abilities and also highlighted his shortcomings - just as the duke would have wanted. He described Philip as a man of "passionate commitment" who devoted his "intellectual and physical energy" to a "host of down-to-earth enterprises", but he could also be "abrupt" in a "robust conversation, forgetting just how intimidating he could be". Among those attending were the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, the Countess of Wessex, the Princess Royal, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. Prince George and Princess Charlotte were also present in honour of their great-grandfather - the first time they have attended a major public church service. The Queen, 95, had been determined to make the appearance at the deeply personal occasion on Tuesday in honour of her "strength and stay" Philip, with her attendance only confirmed the same morning.