Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has opened up on dropping Marcus Rashford, Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba for tonight's Champions League showdown with Atletico Madrid. The Red Devils enter the game with the tie level following a 1-1 draw in Spain. And, if they do make the quarter-finals, it'll be their first appearance at that stage in three years. Manchester United have been unconvincing in Europe this season - but have named a strong side for tonight's blockbuster tie with Atletico at Old Trafford. David De Gea starts in goal against his old side, who he left back in the summer transfer window of 2011 during Sir Alex Ferguson's time in charge of the Red Devils. In defence, Rangnick has chosen to go with Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Harry Maguire and Alex Telles - with Luke Shaw not part of the squad due to injury. Scott McTominay and Bruno Fernandes come in for Matic and Pogba respectively, with Fred also selected in midfield. And, up top, Rashford has been demoted paving the way for Anthony Elanga, Cristiano Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho to spearhead their attack. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And now, speaking before the contest, Rangnick has opened up on the tinkerings he's made to his team. “Well, to start with, it was also about fresh legs and also about, as I've said, playing with a high level of aggression and energy,” he told MUTV. “And that is why I decided for this starting XI.” On the decision to start Elanga as a reward for his fine form, specifically, he added: “Yes but this is not the only reason [that he’s starting]. “It's also about verticality and about speed. We saw in the first leg this could be a major issue for us today.” DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Prior to the game with Atletico, when speaking on Monday, Rangnick called on his side to show desire. “Well, in the end, obviously it’s about what kind of level of emotions are we going to play," he said. "I’s about desire again. “In the end, we showed against Tottenham that the desire on our end, it was slightly bigger and higher than Tottenham and that was why we could decide the game for ourselves at the end. “Against Atletico, it’s even more important as one of their biggest strengths is the way that they play, their aggressive approach they play and the high level of emotions, which is why we have to be better in this area than them.” On the role fans can play, he said: “Very significant. “Our supporters are outstanding, amazing, they can always, even more so on international nights, make the difference and create a very special atmosphere. “But, in the end, it’s obviously up to us. “We have to take the first step and show them how ambitious we are and how ideally we want to qualify for the last eight and if we show that, the fans will be behind the team and will carry us all through the game.” United last made the quarter-finals of the Champions League in 2019, when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in charge on an interim basis.