This weekend's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix will go ahead as planned despite missile attacks on Jeddah. The city has been targeted by attacks from Yemen's Iran-aligned Houthi group. Still, race organisers are confident the racing weekend won't be affected in the second week of the 2022 F1 season. Yemen's Houthi group recently set an Aramco distribution plant alight in Jeddah after attacking Saudi energy and water desalination facilities in the southern Jizan region. The Saudi-led coalition currently fighting in Yemen also announced it had destroyed a 'hostile air target' heading for Jeddah. A spokesperson from The Arab Coalition also revealed they had destroyed over 100 threats in the Red Sea, on top of Saudi Arabia's Air Defence Forces intercepting nine drones. They were quoted: "We destroyed 106 explosive-laden boats that posed a threat to the freedom of navigation in the southern Red Sea." But Saudi GP bosses have insisted that this weekend's action is still set to unfold as planned despite the worrying reports coming out of Jeddah. A statement read: "This incident has no bearing on the race weekend. As always, the safety and security of our guests remain our top priority. JUST IN: F1 news: Wolff hints at Hamilton and Russell clashes on the horizon "We are in constant contact with the relevant authorities, and all necessary measures have been taken to ensure the safety of all visitors to the Formula One Saudi Arabian Grand Prix as well as participating personnel, staff and media. "We look forward to welcoming everyone to Jeddah this weekend for three days of great racing and entertainment." The season's second weekend is just as eagerly-anticipated as the first after Ferrari dominated in Bahrain on Sunday to prove they are back in the Constructors' Championship picture. READ MORE: Hamilton responds to FIA refusing to overrule Verstappen's title win Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz recorded a memorable one-two as Mercedes allayed their fears of disaster with Lewis Hamilton finishing in P3 and George Russell in P4. They were helped by late problems for Red Bull, which saw defending champion Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez crash out in the latter stages, contributing to a nightmare start to the campaign. It has only increased the stakes for this weekend's racing in Saudi Arabia and showcased just how unpredictable the beginning of this new era of F1 is going to be this year.