Ukraine's leader renewed his appeal to Russia to end the war on his country in his latest televised speech on Thursday. He insisted his country did not want to be "covered" by the bodies of dead soldiers but work together for peace. He also urged Moscow to retreat as he accused Vladimir Putin of using ignorant "children" to fight his battles rather than soldiers. Speaking from Kyiv, President Zelensky said: "We need to stop the war and restore peace as soon as possible. "These are not warriors of a superpower. "These are confused children who have been used. "Take them home." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG The Ukrainian leader continued: "Ukraine doesn't want to be covered by the dead bodies of soldiers. "Go home with your whole army. "Tell your officers that you want to live, that you don't want to die but live." Ukraine mounted a fierce resistance against Russia since the start of the invasion on February 24, with the Government claiming to have killed over 5,800 Russian troops in the first seven days of the war. READ MORE: Boris told to unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' will end Russia President Zelensky said Ukraine's defence lines were holding against the Russian attack, adding there had been no respite in Moscow's shelling of Ukraine since midnight. He also said Ukraine was receiving daily arms supplies from its international allies. Mr Zelensky said it had been two years since Ukraine recorded its first COVID-19 case: "It's been a week now that another virus attacked," he said of Russia's invasion. He also warned Moscow's changing tactics and shelling of civilians in cities proved Ukraine was successful in resisting Moscow's initial plan of claiming a quick victory through a land assault. DON'T MISS Texas man sparks fury as he shares video from Russia front line [SPOTLIGHT]Kwasi launches urgent review over Russian gas- UK price shocks soon [REVEAL]West faces 'severe recession' from Russia-Ukraine conflict [INSIGHT] Reports have emerged since the start of the war of Russian soldiers surrendering to Ukrainian defence forces, claiming they were not aware they would be sent to fight. Recordings of Russian prisoners of war caught the soldiers lamenting being sent to Ukraine in the first place. One man said: "We were told we would be enemies of the state and because it's wartime, we might even be shot if we refused. "We were thrown in as cannon fodder." Another said: "This is not our war. "Mothers and wives, collect your husbands. There is no need to be here."