Anna Parker Naples, from Bedfordshire, makes an impressive figures thanks to her audio side hustle. The award-winning entrepreneur and founder of The Podcast Agency makes over £30,000 a month. The success of her business has had a huge impact on her life. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the mother-of-three said: "Financially, we have more freedom to choose. "We're not into flashy cars and huge houses, but we can go on nicer holidays and treat the kids more often. It's given me a great deal of confidence." Growing up, Anna dreamed of becoming an actress, but personal challenges including being badly bullied and suffering imposter syndrome meant she developed a fear of being visible. READ MORE: Woman shares 'wonderful' way she boosts income by £2,000 a month - ‘Dreams do come true' Instead, she pursued a successful career as an award-winning voice actor. However, she found herself unable to travel to do recordings during her third pregnancy, when Anna was diagnosed with severe Symphysis Pubis Dysfunction (SPD). She recalled: “When I became immobile at nine weeks pregnant with my third baby, not only was I in immense pain, but I was sad that I was unable to do the work I loved. "So, I decided to use the time to learn everything about the world of audio and set up my own audio side hustle business, to create myself a way to have an income from home, in case I was never able to walk again.” As the weeks went on, Anna was in agony, dealing with constant shooting pain down the middle of her pelvis, and she hurt all around, in her back and thighs. "On good days, whilst laid in bed for months on end, I would read, learn and trained in all things audio, I would have pieces of audio equipment next to me, testing it out and experimenting and I then set my husband set to work building me a recording studio at our home, initially in our airing cupboard.” Thankfully, Anna's bay boy was delivered safe and sound, but her pelvic pain continued for months after. During her recovery, and amid co-parenting the three youngsters, Anna continued to set up her side hustle business. She said: “I have been able to create a multi six figure business from scratch over the last few years, and I’m now passionate about helping others and share my advice on how to use the audio world to build authority and have more impact, influence and income! “There is no doubt that the podcast industry is booming with over 2.5 million podcasts now live. "We have seen that there is a real increasing thirst for audio content, as the audiobook and podcast industry continues to surge and soar in popularity. With a passion for helping others to amplify their message, and bring their podcast to their people, Anna is on a mission to help remove the barriers many people put in front of themselves when entering the audio space. It includes setting up the podcast Podcasting for Entrepreneurs with Anna Parker-Naples. “Audio is a very different world, but that doesn’t mean it has to be hard, or inaccessible - I want to open doors so more people can share their messages globally through the power of a podcast," she said. "A medium that is fast becoming the best way to educate, inspire and connect with listeners globally as they go about their daily lives… and the best part is, with a few piece of good equipment it can be done from the comfort of your own home!” As well as the financial success, her venture has had a "huge impact" on an emotional level too. "I've been able to excel at something, whilst knowing I'm making a difference to many other people's lives. "When I first started listening to podcasts and motivational audiobooks, I was at the lowest point of my life. "I love now that the audio we create touches people and could be the catalyst for change."