The American B-52 long-range bombers, pictured at RAF Fairford in Gloucestershire on Sunday, are subsonic, jet-powered strategic warplanes. At least two of the B-52H Stratofortress bombers since flew over Romania on Monday, according to Flight Radar tracking website. Meanwhile, a Boeing C17 Globemaster and a callsign RRR6672 departed RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire and headed out towards Europe today. Damien Dyer, a hobby flyer who was piloting his small plane – a Wag-Aero CUBy – near RAF Fairfield when he managed to snap the B-52 long-range bombers. He was cleared to fly near the airbase after taking off from Northamptonshire’s Hinton-in-the-Hedges Airfield. Speaking to Gloucestershire Live, Damien said: "It’s fine to fly nearby as long as you are talking to them, as I was. The zone around Fairford is only active when they (the B-52s) are active so was easy to get permission." The B-52H Stratofortress is a heavy bomber which can perform a variety of missions and can fly at high subsonic speeds at altitudes of up to 50,000 feet (15,167 metres). The airplanes can carry nuclear or precision-guided conventional ordnance with worldwide precision navigation capability. Much of the recent RAF activity is linked to the NATO mission to defend allied airspaces against Russia in the face of their invasion of Ukraine. NATO Allied Air Command has confirmed the RAF Airbus planes flying out of Brize Norton have been helping to refuel and support Typhoon fighters over Europe who are trying to defend the region after Russian aggression. They said: "RAF Eurofighter Typhoon fighters have taken to the skies as part of NATO's mission to secure NATO airspace, part of the Allied response after Russian forces invaded Ukraine." Russia shelled a nuclear power station in the south-eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhzhia late into Thursday night. Reacting to the destruction, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said it could "directly threaten the safety of all of Europe". He added: "Russia must immediately cease its attack on the power station and allow unfettered access for emergency services to the plant."  But since then, Vladimir Putin utilised more of its forces as the war has raged on. A senior US defence official said today: "It appears as though the Russians are increasing their use of long-range fires to supplement or to make up for the lack of ground movements that they have had and the lack of air superiority that they don't enjoy." Ben Wallace, the UK's Defence Secretary, said: "We need to upscale it, I know that the Home Secretary has already doubled, or trebled in some cases, more people in different processing centres. "We can do more, we will do more." 