GB News Breakfast presenters Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster skewered the European Union on Wednesday as the pair discussed Ukraine’s bid to join the EU. President Volodymr Zelenskyy’s plea to EU received a standing ovation but Eamonn questioned whether the union would “fight Russia”. Isabel said: “President Zelenskyy has been giving an update on the situation. “He says that almost 6,000 Russians have been killed since war broke out six days ago. “He says Russia is trying to erase Ukrainian history after hitting the Babyn Yar Holocaust memorial. “That of course was to recognise the deaths of some 30,000 Ukrainian Jews who were shot by the Nazis in 1941.” Read more: Eamonn Holmes hits back as wife branded 'poor Ruth' amid health battle “Those are incredible numbers,” Eamonn commented. Isabel noted: “They are not independently verified but that is the Ukrainian claim that some 6,000 Russians have been killed. “He goes on to say, ‘Russia cannot win Ukraine with bombs and strikes and rockets’ and he calls for support for Ukraine’s EU bid. “He says, ‘There is no time to stay neutral,’ those are the breaking lines from President Zelenskyy in the last few moments.” “But it’s not going to happen is it?” Eamonn questioned. “The European Union is not going to say, ‘Come onboard with us, you’re our responsibility now and we’re going to fight Russia.’” “Well it’s already precedented in terms of there being unanimous support for it,” Isabel continued. “But it’s famously slow that’s what the EU has always been criticised for being famously slow, " Eamonn replied. “In this time of crisis whether or not they’ll be able to change is the big question.” DON'T MISSRuth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes 'snub' Phillip Schofield [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford shares home ‘problem’ with husband Eamonn Holmes [INTERVIEW]Eamonn Holmes fumes over Phillip Schofield and ‘sly’ This Morning axe [VIDEO] On the reported figure of Russian casualties, Isabel questioned: “How will Vladimir Putin break that news to his citizens? “At the moment those soldiers are being sent to a portable crematorium.” “Well he won’t,” Eamonn replied. “He’s got a [portable] crematorium.” Ukrainian President Zelenskyy urged European nations to “prove that you are with us” as he gave a speech to the European Parliament via video link. It came a day after Ukraine officially applied to join the EU. Elsewhere, several diplomats staged a walkout from the United Nations Human Rights Council on Tuesday in Geneva as Russian foreign minster Sergei Lavrov began to speak. Envoys from the EU, US, UK and Japan boycotted the speech leaving only a few remaining in the room while the ally of Putin gave his remote address. Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel airs on GB News on weekdays at 6am.