The UK is set for "plenty of sunshine" in the coming days, but the dry weather will also contribute to high levels of air pollution. Forecasters say Tuesday has already been the warmest day of the year so far with the mercury hitting 20.5C in Northolt, west London. BBC Weather's Stav Danaos said: "It's been the warmest day of the year so far we've seen top temperatures of 21C in both Wales and England. "The next few days it's going to stay warm and dry and there will still be that very outside chance of an isolated shower but most places will remain dry. "Our weather will be influenced by a high pressure sitting to the east of us which is why we're drawing up this warm air from the south and southeast. "Any showers this evening will tend to fade away from central and northern areas. "Most places will be dry overnight. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment deadline looms - eligibility checker "There will be patchy clouds and mist and fog patches developing but in most places you'll see clear skies. "It will be chilly out of town but temperatures no lowers than 3C to 5C." Tomorrow, he noted it will be a dry, sunny afternoon. The conditions are set to be dry and sunny across the country for the next few days before colder, wetter conditions return next week, according to the Met Office. However, experts also say that south-easterly winds are blowing pollutants in from Europe and the settled UK weather is contributing a build-up of "high levels of air pollution" - especially in towns and cities. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) is advising people to "reduce physical exertion" in areas that are particularly affected and those with lung or heart problems to "avoid strenuous physical activity". Becky Mitchell, senior operational meteorologist at the Met Office, told the PA news agency: "Temperatures are rising quite quickly and there's plenty of sunshine across the whole country today. "Most places are staying dry and sunny and it looks very similar for much of this week - we hang on to that sunshine." Ms Mitchell added that temperatures hit 20.5C in Northolt in London, making Tuesday the warmest day of the year so far after Saturday saw 20.2C in Scotland. DON'T MISS Heatwave alert: Colossal Euro weather system  [INSIGHT]Britons prepare for mini Spring heatwave as Kirkwood forecast 20C [VIDEO]Plant pests: The 5 most common garden pests to watch out for in spring [ANALYSIS] But she added: "That obviously happens quite a lot - that through March we get the warmest day of the year so far." The toastiest two days of the current sunny spell will be Tuesday and Wednesday, when temperatures are forecast to be 20C, she added. "Then, as the rest of the week goes on, we'll probably just see the high teens for many areas, so temperatures not quite as high through the rest of the week but still plenty of sunshine." Ms Mitchell also said conditions will start to get "a bit more cloudy" across parts of Scotland from Thursday and colder, wetter weather will return next week.