 Leaders from all 26 member states will meet on Thursday at the Palace of Versailles outside Paris for a two-day summit convened by French President Emmanuel Macron. As Russia ramps up attacks on Ukraine, with news that a maternity hospital in the besieged city of Mariupol was bombed on Wednesday night, EU leaders are set to discuss how the bloc can defend itself and halt Russia’s aggression.  Defence will be a key focus of the talks, with France leading calls for the EU to increase its military presence and autonomy. Mr Macron has called for the EU to move towards the creation of its own army following President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine two weeks ago. Ahead of the summit last week, the French president said EU leaders would discuss plans to pool military resources while in Versailles. In a televised address last week, Mr Macron condemned Putin’s invasion and said that “Europe must pay the price for peace”. He said: “We cannot let others defend ourselves; whether on land, at sea, under the sea, in the air, in space or in cyberspace. “Our European defence must take a new step”.   France has long been a proponent of common defence within the EU and sought to push through plans for members to consider pooling their military resources before the conflict in Ukraine. Mr Macron has pushed for the bloc to have more independence militarily from the United States and NATO, which currently primarily handles the EU’s collective security. The EU has an existing mutual defence clause, which says that “if a Member State is the victim of armed aggression on its territory, the other Member States shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power”. EU countries that are not part of NATO and would therefore not automatically be protected by the alliance if they were invaded by Russia, including Sweden and Finland, have pushed for this article to be referenced as the bloc finalises a Versailles declaration at the meeting, along with a separate statement on Ukraine. The EU also has had battlegroups of 1,500 soldiers standing by since 2007, though they have never been used. But France, which is the EU’s biggest military power, wants the bloc to go further and play a bigger military role as war rages in Europe.  READ MORE: Blinken warns Putin he will lead Russia to ‘strategic defeat'   Plans set to be discussed at the summit include a 5,000-strong EU rapid response force which could be deployed to conflict zones around the world. Leaders are also due to consider measures to pool defence research funding and create defence spending initiates that favour European companies, all of which could lay the groundwork for an EU army. Diplomats will also likely discuss increasing funding for the European Peace Facility, which is being used to send lethal defensive weapons to a third country for the first time. The unprecedented step to send weapons to the Ukrainian army marks a change in EU policy, bringing defence much higher up the bloc’s agenda. Member states have so far approved half a billion euros in defence aid to Ukraine in response to Russia’s aggression while certain nations have stepped up their own military spending in response. Germany, which broke with a long-standing doctrine not to send lethal defensive weapons to another country following Putin’s invasion, also announced it will step up its own defences by pumping €100 bn into its national defence budget. DON'T MISS:Ian Blackford tipped to 'step down' as SNP chief 'imminently' [BREAKING]Brexit LIVE: Irish investment hit as EU throws Dublin & Belfast [LIVE]Plans for drilling oil and gas will NOT cut Russian import dependency [LATEST]   A number of countries still oppose the idea of an EU army, particularly the Baltic nations Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, who have raised fears that it will undermine NATO. The UK had always vetoed moves towards its creation while it was a member for the same reason. Speaking ahead of the summit last week, the President of the European Commission Ursula von de Leyen said the invasion of Ukraine had prompted a rapid change in the EU’s defence policy, which she said had moved forward more “in the last six days than in the last six years”. She said: “If Putin was seeking to weaken the EU, to divide NATO, he has achieved the exact opposite.” She added that European defence had to “step up to the next level”. Other issues that will be addressed include Ukraine’s application for EU membership submitted by President Volodymyr Zelensky last week. Ukraine has called on Brussels to fast-track its membership application to the EU - a move which is opposed by a number of countries including Denmark and the Netherlands. 