Abdominal obesity is the belly fat that serves as the most obvious indicator of underlying metabolic syndrome and, with it, an increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Many may be unwittingly consuming foods which they believe will help eradicate their belly fat but are actually doing more harm than good. What are three foods and drinks to avoid helping you get rid of your visceral fat? A growing body of evidence is showing that it might not just be added sugar, but also artificial sweeteners, that are contributing to increased belly fat. A study conducted by the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio analysed 375 participants to further investigate the impact of diet soda on waist circumference. The study found that the increase in waist circumference (3.16 inches over nine years) for participants who drank one or more diet sodas per day was nearly four times the increase that non-soda drinkers experienced (0.8 inches). READ MORE: Gordon Ramsay health: Chef ‘scared’ to slow down after diagnosis he didn’t ‘want to hear’ Occasional diet soda consumers (0-1 sodas per day) fell about mid-way between those, with an average waist increase of 1.83 inches over the course of the study. These results are consistent with a growing body of research in both humans and animals, showing that frequent consumption of diet soda or artificial sweeteners is associated with greater body mass index (BMI), obesity and metabolic syndrome. Previous studies have found that artificial sweeteners could be a major cause of both obesity and diabetes by changing the balance of bacteria in our guts, favouring the microbes which induce glucose intolerance.  Harvard researchers have found that regularly consuming potato crisps will impact belly fat significantly. This is due to their high content of saturated fat and salt. What makes crisps also epically bad for your belly fat is not what they have, but what they lack: the ability to make you feel satisfied. This means that consuming a whole bag of crisps is a lot easier than many would think and leaves a person still not fully satisfied. Sugary cereals are known to be notorious when it comes to excess belly fat. Many of these cereals are high in sugar, yet low in fibre and protein which means they lack satiety owing to an increase in snacking. Health experts advise not be fooled by the attractive packaging and long list of advantages posted on cereal boxes. Check the nutritional facts and ingredients on the label and if showing high carbohydrates, sugars, calories, and hidden processed ingredients, then it is misleading and should be avoided. In a bid to those battling the bulge, the NHS recently launched their soup and shake diet in order to help individuals both lose weight and help control their type 2 diabetes. On average participants in the initial study lost 13kg in three months and around seven kilograms in the first month. This has now been expanded to 11 regions across the UK. As well as helping individuals to lose weight in the short term, it was also found to assist them in the long-term.