Russia’s violent invasion of Ukraine has sparked outcry across the world - not least of all in the UK, who following the invasion unveiled the “largest ever” set of sanctions against Putin. These included a ban on using the pound by Russian banks, sanctions on oligarchs and, as of yesterday, a ban on imports of Russian oil. Many major companies, including Shell and McDonalds, have also announced plans to limit their work in Russia. Sam Rice, who runs the Loaf and Cheese in Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, has added to the furore by stating that she has officially banned Putin from drinking at her inn. Ms Rice went as far as to make an announcement in Staffordshire Live to make sure the Russian despot got the message. She told the paper: "What he is doing is just wrong. “It is all my customers are talking about at the moment. "They said if he came in they would wreck him. “It is absolutely wrong what he is doing." Speaking to Sky News, Ms Rice added that “people here feel very strongly about it.” Other food and drink outlets have also added their support to the Ukrainian people, as the invasion continues to displace millions and destroy infrastructure across the country. On Tuesday, fast-food chain McDonald’s announced it would temporarily shut around 850 shops in Russia, joining Coca-Cola and Starbucks in suspending operations in Russia. READ MORE: British drivers hit by BIGGEST ever daily diesel price rise [ANALYSIS] The chain said it felt it was an appropriate response to the “needless human suffering unfolding in Ukraine”. They added it was “impossible to predict” when the shops would reopen. Chris Kempczinski, chief executive of McDonald’s, said in a memo made available to the public that “our values mean we cannot ignore the needless human suffering unfolding in Ukraine”. The UK today announced new sanctions worth £15billion, hitting seven oligarchs including Roman Abramovich. The owner of Chelsea FC will see his assets frozen, a prohibition on transactions with UK individuals and businesses, and a travel ban. DON'T MISS: Woman arrested as student is murdered and raped [INSIGHT]Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [ANALYSIS]Russia warning as Putin tipped to unleash 'dark activity' [REVEAL] Leading industralist and Mr Abramovich’s one time business partner Oleg Deripaska will also be hit with the same measures. Mr Abramovich was identified by the Home Office in 2019 as having links to the Russian state as well as to “corrupt activity and practices”, a Labour MP stated in parliament last month. Boris Johnson said of Mr Abramovich’s sanction: “There can be no safe havens for those who have supported Putin’s vicious assault on Ukraine. “Today’s sanctions are the latest step in the UK’s unwavering support for the Ukrainian people. “We will be ruthless in pursuing those who enable the killing of civilians, destruction of hospitals and illegal occupation of sovereign allies.” Additional reporting by Helen Kreft.