Ian Wright has launched a foul-mouthed rant at Marcus Rashford's PR team for the statement the Manchester United star released on Wednesday. Rashford posted a statement on his official Twitter account reacting to a video that emerged following Tuesday's Champions League exit to Atletico Madrid. Rashford appeared to call out a United fan after being shouted at while walking out of Old Trafford. The England star was seen speaking to a security guard to point out an area where he was being heckled from. The video went viral on social media and Rashford wanted to quash speculation and reaction to it and did so with his statement. But upon seeing the video, Arsenal legend Wright said it was the wrong thing for him to do. In a video he posted on Twitter, Wright appeared to criticise the 24-year-old's PR team and said Rashford should stand up for himself. Wright said: "Yo what's up everybody. What a beautiful day. READ MORE: Gary Neville calls out Joel Glazer directly after owner breaks Man Utd 'promise'  "Listen, I've just got to address something I saw. Someone just sent me the Marcus Rashford video where he confronted the fans because the fans were digging him out and he offered one of them out. "I don't know who's doing it man, who's doing this apologising for them. What the f*** is he apologising for that for? "These people quick to [say]: 'Oh I'm so sorry'. That's what gives these fans that fuel to think they can just dig people out. DON'T MISSAlan Shearer and six other pundits left humiliated as Chelsea predictions emerge [QUOTES]Gary Neville surprised Man Utd didn't try to sign 'unbelievable' Liverpool star [PODCAST]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed [TRANSFERS]  "Marcus, stand your ground bro. You've got these people jumping on 'oh Marcus is so sorry' - don't be f****ng sorry for that bro. "Some of them fans love giving it, they can't take it man. You just do your stuff, get back to where you need to be bro where you're playing. F*** them fans bro. Everybody, have a nice day." Rashford's statement on Wednesday gave his side to the story. He claimed his emotions got the better of him after constant heckling from the supporters.  He wrote: "A video can paint a thousand words and in this case lead to inaccurate info being shared on social media. Guys, for weeks I've been heckled, threatened, questioned, and last night my emotion got the better of me. I'm a human being. "Reading and hearing that stuff about yourself every day, it wears you down. No one is more critical of my performance than me. "But what you see in this video lacks context. I had been heckled from the minute I stepped foot outside the ground, abuse not just aimed at my football.  "People were looking for a reaction from me. Phones were at the ready. Of course, I should have walked straight past and ignored it. That's what we're supposed to do, right? "I want to clarify two things. The first being what I actually said to the man throwing abuse at me, which was "come over here and say it to my face" (a fact security can back up). "And secondly, the fact I used my forefinger to direct the fan to 'come over and say it to my face! I did not gesture with my middle finger. I'm not entitled. This isn't ego. I'm upset. I'm disappointed. And in that moment, it was silly, but I was being human." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  