Jada Pinkett Smith took to Instagram and shared a cryptic message in view of her 11.7 million followers today. It comes after her husband Will Smith sparked controversy during Sunday night's Oscars ceremony which saw the King Richard actor slap Chris Rock on stage. In scenes which stunned the world, the Oscar winner confronted the comedian, after he made a comment on her buzz cut. The Set It Off actress, 50, has remained tight-lipped since the incident on Sunday, but has since shared a quote on the picture sharing site. The mum-of-two appeared to address the Academy Awards debacle with a cryptic message but appeared to have switched off her Instagram comments. It comes just hours after Will, 53, issued an apology to Chris, 57. READ MORE: Chris Rock ‘hasn’t settled anything’ with Will Smith after Oscars 2022 The quote read: "This is a season for healing and I’m here for it." Jada did not caption the post and her comments were limited but have since received over 25,000 likes in a matter of minutes. Her post comes hours after Will issued an apology over the incident on his own page, explaining that his behavior was "unacceptable", but that he found quips about Jada’s health "too much". "Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive," he began in a lengthy statement. "My behavior at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. "Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally." He continued: "I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. "I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. DON'T MISS... Ranvir Singh asks for advice as she suffers from 'most painful' issue[LATEST]Katy Perry suffers wardrobe malfunction as skintight trousers rip open[PICTURES]Julia Bradbury on being forced to 're-examine' lifestyle due to cancer[HEALTH] "I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us." He concluded: "I am a work in progress." Prior to Will's apology, the organisation behind the Oscars said in a statement that it "condemns the actions" of the actor. "We have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our Bylaws, Standards of Conduct and California law," it said. The Hollywood star slapped Chris in the face on stage after the comic made a joke about the actor's wife. Chris had taken aim at Jada's shaved head, a result of the hair-loss condition alopecia. Shortly after, Will picked up the first Oscar of his career for playing the father of tennis legends Venus and Serena Williams in King Richard. Chris has yet to comment on the incident.