Foreign Office Minister James Cleverly has been challenged over NATO's reluctance to impose a no-fly zone over Ukraine to combat the Russian invasion. LBC host Nick Ferrari pressed the Minister on the issue of a no-fly zone after a Russian airstrike on a shelter in a theatre in the southern Ukrainian city of Mariupol. Mr Ferrari told the minister: "It would appear now Putin is bombing a sanctuary or a shelter that was once a theatre 1000, 1200 people there. "We don't have an account yet unless you can update me of fatalities or injuries. "Now the bombs were delivered by aircraft. Can I put you again, it's time to reconsider the no no-fly zone minister." Mr Cleverly replied: "Well, we recognise that Ukraine needs to be able to defend itself in the air as well as on the ground.  "We are incredibly proud of the anti-tank missiles that we have supplied to be creating armed forces have been so decisive. "Was it yesterday or the day before yesterday the Minister of Defence agreed to supply a significant number of anti-aircraft missile systems so that the Ukrainians can defend themselves against air attacks as well. "The stories that we've seen about the drama theatre being targeted, are absolutely heartbreaking because we must collect all the evidence of these attacks on civilian infrastructure so that those who are responsible for these attacks which break international humanitarian law break the law of armed conflict about ultimately held accountable. Mr Ferrari pressed: "But you could prevent them some would argue with the no-fly zone minister?" The Tory minister replied: "But we've got to recognise what that would mean a no-fly zone would mean a NATO aircraft in direct conflict with Russian aircraft. "The Secretary-General of NATO has said that NATO is a defensive organisation that is created to defend the member states. "And whilst Of course, we will continue to support Ukraine with the weapons systems the need to defend themselves it would be a completely different situation if NATO was to directly intervene." The Russian airstrike on a shelter in a theatre in Mariupol "looks to be specific targeting of civilian infrastructure" and a "self-evident breach of international law", a Foreign Office minister said on Thursday. DON'T MISS:Putin ABANDONED as even closest allies ditch warmonger [INSIGHT]Putin issues warning to the West after Biden brands 'war criminal' [VIDEO]Xi Jinping 'deeply disturbed' as he scrambles to 'talk sense' into Putin [ANALYSIS] Mr Cleverly was asked on ITV's Good Morning Britain whether the attack on the besieged Ukrainian city amounted to a war crime. He said: "The targeting of civilian infrastructure, the targeting of civilians is a breach of international humanitarian law and the law of armed conflict. "So making sure that we collect evidence like we've just seen on the programme and other instances is incredibly important so that those people who are responsible for these, whether they are battlefield commanders, right up to the top of the organisation, can be held accountable once this war is concluded." Pressed on whether he thought the bombing of the shelter "looked like a war crime", Mr Cleverly replied: "As I say, the targeting of civilian infrastructure is against international humanitarian law and the law of armed conflict."