Dr David Starkey blames former German Chancellor Angela Merkel for making Germany and Europe reliant on cheap Russian gas imports. Germany has been under pressure to crack down on Russia with sanctions along with other western nations in response to Vladimir Putin's full-scale assault on Ukraine. Dr Starkey told GB News: "We've got to face truths. "Here we are, Putin has got an absolute, thanks to Merkel largely, has got an absolute stranglehold on the west over energy. "We can inflict as many financial restraints as many financial sanctions as we'd like. "If he turns that gas off German industry within days, chances to grind to a halt." He added: "We have to understand this." On Thursday German Economy Minister Robert Habeck warned sanctions imposed on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine and higher energy prices resulting from the conflict will slow Germany's economic recovery. He went on to pledge support for German businesses hurt by the crisis. "The consequences of the sanctions and war are noticeable and the situation remains tense," Habeck said after talks with German business leaders, adding that hopes that Europe's largest economy would return to post-pandemic levels were dashed.  "We had hoped that we will experience an upswing this spring, a recovery phase. But now we have the consequences of the war," he said, adding that state bank KfW would extend loans to German businesses affected by sanctions on Russia. He said he hoped measures taken by the government to alleviate the impact of sanctions and high energy prices on businesses and households would avert a recession. Mr Habeck added that Germany must freeze the assets of Russian oligarchs immediately. "The assets of oligarchs must be frozen immediately and I assume that the relevant agencies of the federal government will take the necessary steps," Habeck said. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock has also called on Thursday for an urgent inquiry to investigate what she called human rights violations committed by Russia during its invasion of Ukraine. "We must stand up to this attack. Human rights are universal," Baerbock said in a video message to the UN Human Rights Council. Baerbock added that "we urgently need a Commission of Inquiry on Ukraine to investigate all violations of human rights that have been committed by Russia since its military aggression. We must stand strong on accountability." Russia calls its actions in Ukraine a "special operation" that is not designed to occupy territory but to destroy its neighbour's military capabilities and capture what it regards as dangerous nationalists.