They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day, so it’s essential to choose wisely, especially on a weight loss plan. Dr Michael Mosley, who popularised the 5:2 diet, Fast 800 diet and most recently the Fast 800 Keto, shared why he opts for eggs in the morning. In a video the weight loss doctor showed viewers how he made a “delicious” and nutritious mushroom omelette. He stated: “It’s one of my go-to breakfasts and it’s great for brunch.” The essential ingredient for an omelette is eggs, and Dr Michael went on to explain its weight loss benefits. “It only has about 70-80 calories, and it contains lots of high quality protein plus other things like Vitamin D and selenium.” READ MORE: Diet: 5 main reasons pasta should be a part of your healthy plan  He added: “Plus, I love omelettes.” The doctor also adds onions, which are “rich in something called prebiotics, to feed the good bacteria in your gut”, and mushrooms which are “full of Vitamin D”. Dr Michael shared a top tip so that dieters get the most out of their mushrooms. “Put them out in the garden before you cook with them. Put them in the sunlight for about an hour and that will absolutely boost the levels of Vitamin D.” Nutritionist Emma Thornton told Express.co.uk: “The ability to absorb vitamin D from the sun decreases with age, so including mushrooms grown under UV light can contribute to your intake. “Mushrooms may also help with anti-ageing.” Superfood spinach is also added to the omelette, and this ingredient helps to stabilise blood glucose levels and control diabetes as well as being high in fibre and low in calories. Dr Michael continued: “I also add chilli in there to speed up the metabolism a little bit, and a pinch of turmeric.” Dispelling the myth that eggs are bad for your cholesterol, Dr Michael said: “There have been a whole range of studies that show that the cholesterol you eat in eggs has very little impact on the cholesterol in your blood. “That is one of those myths that has taken an awful long time to die.” When whipped up, this high protein, low carb meal is only 200 calories. As well as nutritious, “the great thing is that it’s absolutely delicious”. While healthy food is essential for weight loss, Dr Michael also recommends moderate exercise, revealing that he does 40 press-ups most days. Maintaining muscle mass is crucial when losing weight, and incorporating resistance training hugely helps with this. As for press-ups and squats, Dr Michael said: “I do them first thing when I get out of bed, because if I don’t do them then, I’ll probably forget to do them later in the day. “They give you a full body workout, help your heart, and may even boost your brainpower.”