Disney's iconic film series Pirates of the Caribbean is currently in a state of mystery. The next film has not yet been officially announced, but fans know Margot Robbie will be playing the lead role. What's more, Johnny Depp has been axed from the franchise, despite the fact he is the main attraction for the film series. Now, even more dreadful news has befallen the fan-favourite Disneyland attraction. The official Disneyland website has announced the Pirates of the Caribbean ride is about to be closed down. The iconic pirate ship adventure first showed off such incredible scenes as the skeleton pirates drinking rum, prisoners trying to tempt a guard dog into giving up his keys, and endless seas of Aztec gold. The Pirates of the Caribbean ride inspired the film of the same name, and many of these moments were directly adapted into the film franchise's first entry. Disney's official web page for the ride now has a notice on it, announcing its closure. Disney's website reads: "Pirates of the Caribbean will be closed for refurbishment beginning March 14, 2022 and is expected to reopen early summer 2022. Please check back here for updates." At the moment, there is no official return date for the ride, despite the company's promise of summer. And fans of the ride and the series are not too happy about this change in schedule. Bella wrote on Twitter: "They taking the Pirates of the Caribbean ride out of Disney lmao I’m gonna kms." (sic) READ MORE: 'How dare they!' Johnny Depp fans rage over 'unfair' replacement Jay added: "Wtf they’re closing The pirates of the Caribbean ride on March 14 that’s one of my favorite ride." (sic) Britannia agreed: "Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disneyland is closing, I’m upset." The ride first opened on March 18, 1967 in the legendary New Orleans Square, where it has remained in the amusement park ever since. Depp - Captain Jack Sparrow himself - has even made his mark on the ride over the years. DON'T MISS...'How dare they!' Johnny Depp fans rage over 'unfair' replacement [NEWS]Johnny Depp Pirates of the Caribbean return hopes improve after surge [INFO]Johnny Depp breaks silences on 'new beginning' after award ceremony [INSIGHT] A wax figurine of Captain Jack Sparrow was inserted into the on-rails ride after the extraordinary blockbuster success of the film franchise. And Depp later went one step further by surprising his fans with an unexpected appearance. Telling the story on The Graham Norton Show, Depp recalled how the prank went wrong on him, despite the fact he had been looking forward to it for years. Depp remembered the boats filled with people who floated around the corner to see him standing in a frozen pose, dressed as Jack Sparrow. He said: "They just sort of looked at me as they were coming around and I went: 'Oi! What are you looking at!' And... [I got] nothing back." Instead, Depp had people holding up their phone cameras and announcing: "Wow, that's a pretty good animatronic!" He added: "It was one of the proudest moments of my life." SOURCE