Nicola Sturgeon was confronted with Germany's Green Party decision to take a step back from complete opposition to nuclear energy in light of the gas crisis faced by Europe because of ongoing Russian aggression. Scottish Conservatives MSP Liam Kerr challenged Ms Sturgeon to take a renounce her "ideological" opposition and reconsider her party's position on the use of nuclear power to generate energy. Speaking in FMQs, Mr Kerr said: "This week Robert Habeck, the Economy Minister and member of the Green Party in Germany's ruling coalition, signaled that Germany will drop its opposition to German-based nuclear-generated energy. "If even the Greens in Germany see the sense in generating nuclear energy domestically, isn't it time for the Scottish Government to drop its ideological objection to Scottish-based nuclear generation in favour of a more informed, scientific approach?" The Scottish First Minister said: "No, I think we should build our energy mix based on Scotland's assets and Scotland's priorities. "So Germany, for example, doesn't have anywhere near the renewable potential that Scotland has. "For example, offshore wind is a massive potential for Scotland." JUST IN: Angela Merkel left red faced as she watches her 16 year legacy go 'up in smoke She added: "So let's continue to build our low-carbon, renewable energy mix and do it in a way that's right for Scotland." Earlier this week, Ms Sturgeon conceded Scotland has not been good enough at benefitting from the energy sector. She insisted the nation will need to work harder to exploit the "massive renewable potential" from offshore wind projects benefits the country economically. A report from the Office of National Statistics showed the number of green jobs in Scotland was down again, while Scottish renewable businesses were making less money. READ MORE: Andrew Neil on EXACTLY why Putin's tank convoy is 'waiting' outside Kyiv  The ONS estimates reveal that employment in the low carbon and renewable energy sector dropped from 21,400 full-time jobs in 2019 to 20,500 in 2020. The First Minister said people would need to be "cautious about looking at figures for the last couple of years" because of the pandemic. She however acknowledged Scotland had not been good enough at retaining the benefits from firms profiting in the energy sector. Ms Sturgeon said: "I don't think we have done well enough at translating our massive renewable potential into jobs and economic benefit. DON'T MISS:Nicola Sturgeon savaged for trying to 'weaken' NATO [REACTION]Priti Patel blasts back at SNP jibing over Ukraine refugees [WATCH]Nicola Sturgeon faces furious battle over far-reaching new rules [INSIGHT] "That, frankly, is the challenge we face in the future - to do better. "ScotWind is the biggest opportunity we've had as a country probably since the discovery of North Sea oil and gas and we must make sure that it translates into supply chain benefits and jobs. "The Scottish Government, working with developers, are very focused on that." She then told the PA news agency: "In terms of how we ensure that economic benefit and activities are retained here in Scotland, that is about making sure that the developers are sourcing the materials and spreading the economic benefit in Scotland. "That is one of the big challenges but also - if we do it right - the big opportunity we face. "We've got to make sure all of these different levers that we have, including green ports... are only part of a much bigger picture."