Tomorrow (March 23), Mr Sunak will present the latest updates from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) on the current state of the UK’s financial outlook. In light of rising inflation and the war in Ukraine, forecasts predict a sobering Spring Statement from the Chancellor with both a 5p cut in fuel duty and an increase in the national insurance threshold being reported. However, some financial experts believe changes to the inheritance tax threshold may be on the cards in a bid by the Treasury to regain funding spent during the pandemic. Laura Suter, the head of personal finance at AJ Bell, shared how introducing a tax on inherited pensions may be a viable option for Mr Sunak as part of his Spring Statement. Ms Suter explained: “If the Chancellor wants to raise money from wealthier people, he could turn his attention to taxes paid on death. “Pensions can currently be passed on tax-free on death if the person dies before age 75, and at your recipient’s marginal rate of income tax if you die after age 75. “Applying a tax to inherited pensions would clearly raise much-needed cash for the Treasury, although how much would depend on whether a protection regime was introduced for existing funds or not. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim “If it wasn’t, those who have paid into pension on the basis of the death benefits on offer would understandably feel angry at the rug being pulled from under them. “Inheritance tax is the other lever the Treasury could pull, either by increasing the current 40 percent rate or lowering the amount that can be inherited tax-free. “Both measures would inevitably lead to ‘death tax’ headlines, however – not something politicians generally welcome.” Inheritance tax is charged on someone’s estate after they die, which includes their money, possessions and property. As of today, IHT is levied at 40 percent on any assets which are passed on to an individual’s loved ones after their death. With the current threshold set at £325,000, taxpayers can leave up to this amount in cash or assets tax-free. On top of this, taxpayers are able to get an additional £175,000 allowance on their home if they are leaving it to their children. Under the nil-rate band, estates are not liable for inheritance tax. Despite this threshold usually rising in line with inflation, Rishi Sunak froze the tax relief at £325,000 until April 2026 to recover costs arising from the pandemic. Jason Hollands, the managing director at DIY investing platform Bestinvest, outlined how the freeze on the IHT threshold has likely forced more households to pay it. Mr Hollands said: “The freeze to the inheritance tax zero rate threshold against a backdrop of rising asset prices is bringing more and more families into this tax net. “The zero rate threshold has been stuck at £325,000 since April 2009 and so by 2026 it will have remained frozen for 16 years, with no certainty of it being adjusted even then. “The Treasury’s inheritance tax receipts in 2012/13 were just over £3billion, while for 2020/21 they totalled £5.4billion. “This makes it all the more essential that better off households adopt a tax-efficient strategy to transfer their wealth to the next generation.” This comes after the revelation that HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) saw inheritance tax receipts for April 2021 to February 2022 reach £5.5billion, £0.7 billion higher than in the same period a year earlier. Receipts have continued to soar over consecutive tax periods, indicating that more and more households are being levied with the For the last tax period, HMRC raked in an extra £700million in IHT receipts as property prices across the country went up. Overall, HMRC data for this period revealed that £5billion was collected in inheritance tax by the Government body between April 2021 and January 2022.