BBC Weather forecaster Carol Kirkwood predicted raging gale-force winds which will reach up to 60pmh in the UK. Temperatures are expected to fall around four to six degrees of the coast of the Irish sea. Mr Kirkwood also predicted cooler air across the North West due to wind direction change. The Met Office has issued five flood alert warnings in the UK today, Chlgrove and Northfolk are both two places in the UK that have been highlighted.  Ms Kirkwood said: "It's very changeable over the next few days, yesterday the temperature was minus seen in Glasgow, this morning you can see its not quite as cold. "But more of us are starting off this morning with a widespread frost. Now there's a lot of variety in today's weather, we're starting off on a sunny note as well. "It's going to be a windy day, particularly across the North and the West, and later in the West, the cloud will thicken heralding the arrival of some rain. "Now on this satellite picture, you can see all this cloud associated with that weather front, bringing that rain, it's also a fairly cloudy start in Northern Ireland so temperatures haven't fallen away. JUST IN: 'We have a nuclear deterrent' Navy chief blasts back at 'ridiculous' Putin's threats Ms Kirkwood added: "So a lot of sunshine to start with and then the cloud builds out towards the West, you can see one or two showers here, wintry on higher ground in Scotland. "And then we've got our weather front arriving, introducing some thicker cloud and even some rain. "It's also going to be windy wherever you are, these are the gust strengths. "But across the Northern and the Western Isles down towards Northern Ireland as well, we're looking at gusts in excess of 40mph, for some, it could be in the excess of 65. READ MORE: BBC analysis reveals the REAL reason Putin invaded Ukraine Ms Kirkwood added: "And temperatures seven to eleven degrees, although eleven degrees is a higher level than we've seen yesterday add on the impact of the wind and it will still feel cool. "Now through this evening and overnight our weather front continues to push Eastwards, there will be a lot of cloud around, it's still going to be windy. "And then our next weather front comes in, we're looking at gales across West and also the Irish sea coast, those are our temperatures four to about six degrees. "So for tomorrow, we've got this weather front this clutch coming in from the West, you can see from the isobars it's going to be windy but the wind will ease. DON’T MISS: Cornered Putin planning to 'break Ukrainian spirit' with vicious weapons, ex-defence bossPutin 'preparing nuclear facilities' for some areas to survive amid fears of WW3Putin warning: Russia to 'turn the lights out' for Ukraine after taking power plant Ms Kirkwood: "The winds change direction so we're pulling in milder air but still cool blues across the North and the West. "So we're starting on a windy note in the North and also the West, easing in Scotland and Northern Ireland after a bright start and not a frosty one. "The cloud will encroach from the West and some of the rain could turn to sleet and snow on higher ground in Scotland in the hills and also in Northern Ireland "Temperatures up though, we're looking at nine to thirteen degrees." 