One of the easiest ways to lower cholesterol is through cutting back on alcohol consumption. The NHS suggests that an individual looking to cut down should “avoid drinking more than 14 units of alcohol a week, have several drink-free days each week [and] avoid drinking lots of alcohol in a short time”. While this may sound simple, for some cutting down on this popular night-time habit can prove difficult. As a result, the NHS has a page dedicated to getting support and advice on how to reduce alcohol consumption. READ MORE: Dementia: The drink that could cause the brain to shrink and reduce me Cutting down on alcohol is just one of a number of actions patients can take to reduce cholesterol levels. Quitting smoking, exercising for at least two and a half hours a week, and eating a balanced diet are lifestyle and dietary changes that can lower cholesterol. With regard to diet, it's recommended that individuals consume a range of foods including fruits and vegetables and nuts. As well as introducing healthier elements it is also recommended that unhealthy foods, foods high in fat, and food containing certain oils are avoided.  Meanwhile, a new study has identified in greater detail the impact of alcohol on the body. The study, conducted by the University of Wisconsin-Madison, found that cutting back on the last drink of an evening can improve brain health. Dr Demi Daviet, author of the study, said: “There is some evidence that the effect of drinking on the brain is exponential. “One additional drink in a day could have more of an impact than any of the previous drinks that day." What this means in practice is that the final drink of a night out or night in could have a substantial impact on brain health. The study found that one drink a day could have a negative impact on brain health. However, while this was the case for consistent drinking, it was unclear whether moderate drinking had an impact on brain health. Published in Nature Communications, the study concluded that it provided “additional evidence for a negative association between alcohol intake and brain macrostructure and microstructure in a general population of middle-aged and older adults”. While the study didn’t focus on younger participants, it nevertheless reinforces that consistent high consumption of alcohol has a negative impact on the body. In this fashion, binge drinking can increase an individual’s risk of developing a number of conditions such as mouth cancer, throat cancer, breast cancer, stroke, heart disease, liver disease, brain damage, and negatively impact the nervous system. Binge drinking can also be a sign that the individual engaging in this act is suffering from poor mental health and could be at increased risk of self-harm. To find out more information on the effects of binge drinking contact the NHS or consult with your GP. If you are struggling and have suicidal thoughts, know you are not alone and that help is available. Please contact any one of the following. In the UK, you can call the Samaritans free on 116 123 (the number will not appear on your telephone bill) or email jo@samaritans.org. In America, The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a network of more than 160 crisis centres that provide a 24-hour-a-day service via a free hotline on 00-1-800-273-8255. Lifeline is a national charity providing all Australians experiencing a personal crisis with access to 24-hour crisis support and suicide prevention services. Call 13-11-14. Help is ALWAYS available. If you need it, reach out.