Roger Federer has pledged to help a huge amount of Ukrainian children throughout the horrors of the Russian invasion of Ukraine with the Swiss tennis star claiming he will help as many as people as he possibly can in a statement on social media on Friday. The tennis legend set up the Roger Federer Foundation in 2003, citing the need to help disadvantaged children and promoting their access to education and sport as the reason for doing so. In the 20 years the foundation has supported nearly two million children in their bid to help provide better living standards. And amidst the Ukrainian invasion by Russia, Federer has vowed to help kids in Ukraine. Families across the nation have been forced to flee in search of refuge in neighbouring countries such as Poland and Germany. But Federer's pledge will offer enlightenment to those who have had their lives turned upside down due to the conflict. "My family and I are horrified seeing pictures from Ukraine and heartbroken for the innocent people have been so terribly affected," Federer said on Twitter. "We stand for peace. "We will provide assistance to children from Ukraine who need care, about six million Ukrainian children are currently out of school. We know it's a very critical time to provide access to education and would like to support them to deal with this extremely traumatic experience. "Through the Roger Federer Foundation, we will be supporting 'War Child Holland' with a donation of $500,000 to establish access to continued schooling for Ukrainian children." Federer has not won a Grand Slam since his triumph in the Australian Open in 2018. The Basel-born hero was recently overtaken by Rafael Nadal in the all-time Grand Slam title race in January after the Spaniard won his 21st by beating Daniil Medvedev at the Rod Laver Arena. However, the 40-year-old still remains the joint-second most accomplished tennis star of all-time with 20, alongside Novak Djokovic. And Federer praised long-time rival Nadal for his Australian Open triumph. "Never underestimate a great champion. Your incredible work ethic, dedication, and fighting spirit are an inspiration to me and countless others around the world," Federer said. "I am proud to share this era with you and honoured to play a role in pushing you to achieve more, as you have done for me for the past 18 years."