With the war in Ukraine now into its fourth week, the now infamous letter has been seen adorned on Russian tanks, armoured vehicles and personnel across all media outlets. Whereas much debate stands over the meaning and origin of the symbol, those standing up against Putin’s onslaught are now taking measures to distance themselves from the sign.  Swiss-based Zurich Insurance group has long used a simple Z as its company logo, yet recent posts on it Twitter feed has shown the logo has now changed to simply “Zurish” spelt out in white letters on a baby blue background. In a statement by the company about the change, it said: “We are temporarily removing the use of the letter 'Z' from social channels where it appears isolated and could be misunderstood.” Group Chief Executive Officer Mario Greco said: “Zurich is strongly committed to helping alleviate suffering in Ukraine. "To that end, the Z Zurich Foundation today announced a major fundraising effort to mobilize support across our businesses globally for humanitarian relief efforts. "The safety and wellbeing of people across the region are a key concern in these sad times.” However, the Swiss do not want to do completely without the "Z". For example, the logo can still be seen on the company's website. The symbol first appeared on Russian military transport vehicles and tanks in February, shortly before Russia's invasion of Ukraine. According to the Russian Defence Ministry, the character stands for the slogan "For Victory". The "Z" is emblazoned on many cars in Russia. Pictures have also emerged of Russian souvenir shops selling T-shirts and hats with the logo emblazoned on the front. On social networks, celebrities also add a capital "Z" to their names. READ MORE:Risk of Putin’s attack on EU states ‘real’, ex-NATO general warns Companies are not alone in attempting to distance themselves from the symbol. Members of the Lithuanian Parliament have proposed equating the St. George ribbon and the letter Z with Nazi and communist symbols. Parliamentarians in the country are seeking to impose a 500 euro fine for anyone displaying the sign. Germany has also joined the idea of banning such symbols. The interior minister for the state of Berlin said earlier this week city authorities would jump on cases of the Z symbol being used to endorse Russia's aggression, following announcements by Bavaria and Lower Saxony they too would punish such acts. A spokesperson for the federal government's Interior Ministry told reporters: "The letter Z as such is of course not forbidden, but its use may in individual cases constitute an endorsement of the Russian war of aggression. "The Russian war of aggression on Ukraine is a criminal act, and whoever publicly approves of this war of aggression can also make himself liable to prosecution. "The federal security authorities have an eye on this, and in this respect, we welcome the announcement several federal states will also examine in individual cases whether this could be a criminal act and take action accordingly.”  DON'T MISS:Macron sparks fury as he panders to warmonger Putin [REPORT]Brexiteer savages Project Fear - London claims huge title [BREXIT]Fears Biden latest remark pushes Putin to nuke button [OPINION] On a more sombre note, the letter has appeared in a shocking incident of criminal damage in the UK. Tombs of WWII soldiers near Sheffield were victim to malicious graffiti showing the letter Z, as well as swastika’s and the letters IRA on headstones. Police have launched an appeal to catch the perpetrators. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg and Maria Ortega 