Piers Morgan has locked horns with his eldest son Spencer, 28, on Twitter. The fiery pair clashed over their differing opinions on the possibility of the Russia-Ukraine conflict turning into World War III. Spencer, who is also a journalist, tweeted: “If you aren’t personally prepared to fight I don’t think you can call for direct action that will most likely lead to world war 3”. Clearly strongly disagreeing, Piers did not hesitate as he took aim at Spencer’s message. “Strange mindset for a journalist…” he wrote back. “So only serving military can comment on whether military action is justified/necessary when a dictator illegally invades a democratic country?” In response, Spencer shot back: “Few things more lame than profession dictating your mindset tbh”. But both father and son were quick to point out they were able to debate each other without it turning into a row. One of Piers’ followers, named Angela, wrote: “I’m Canadian … so forgive me but isn’t Spencer your son? Lol. Are you Twitter beefing your son?” Piers replied: “He is…. we Morgans enjoy a bit of Twitter beef, even with each other.” Spencer echoed this sentiment, penning: “Fortunately we have brains so can disagree without falling out. “A lot of people on here should try it.” However, he clearly couldn’t resist poking fun at his dad. Sarah Johnson wrote: “I’d love to be a fly on the wall at the dinner table with you and your dad”. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart (ADMISSION)Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion (UPDATE)Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update (VIDEO) To this, Spencer cheekily replied: “Usually ends like this,” alongside a video of the notorious moment Piers stormed off the set of Good Morning Britain. Piers marched off during a blazing row with fellow presenter Alex Beresford over Meghan Markle’s allegations in an Oprah Winfrey interview that she had felt suicidal while pregnant with son Archie. Alex accused Piers of “trashing” Meghan, who is married to Prince Harry. The furious host departed the set, never to return again. The row sparked thousands of Ofcom complaints as Piers branded the Oprah interview "vile destructive self-serving nonsense". Today isn’t the first time Spencer has teased his dad on social media. Back in September, he told his 41,000 followers he was starting to worry about his dad after he added a "spaceship" to their garden. Posting a picture of the circular igloo-shaped wooden hut in the family's garden, Spencer said: "@piersmorgan built a spaceship in the garden. Starting to worry about him."