SARAH Everard's family marked the first anniversary of her brutal death yesterday by remembering the relatives of other murdered women. They said they miss Sarah "today and every day with all our love". "Our lives have changed forever and we live with the sadness of our loss," they added. "Sarah was wonderful and we miss her all the time." After her family's moving tribute, specially-crafted bunting with a flag for each of the 125 women killed by men since her murder was put up around the Clapham Common bandstand in south London. The spot is close to where the 33-year-old marketing executive was falsely arrested and handcuffed by PC Wayne Couzens before he drove her to Kent where he raped and strangled her. Her family said: "Sadly, Sarah is not the only woman to have lost her life recently in violent circumstances and we would like to extend our deepest sympathy to other families who are also grieving." Relatives, friends and well-wishers have helped them cope with the agony of the past year. They added: "We have been overwhelmed with the kindness shown not just by family and friends, but by the wider public. "We are immensely grateful to everyone for their support. It has meant such a lot to us and has comforted us through this terrible time." The bandstand has become a site for tributes to Sarah and a rallying point for protests against male violence towards women. After her murder, Met Police chiefs were condemned for heavyhanded tactics as officers broke up a vigil there in her memory. Outgoing Met Commissioner Dame Cressida Dick joined others in laying flowers at the bandstand yesterday. Annie Lane, 28, who works in PR and lives in Clapham, laid tulips at the spot while out for her daily jog. She said: "It's awful what happened, it's terrifying. "I live in the area and am a similar demographic to Sarah. It could have been me, it could have been anyone. "There needs to be more done to protect girls...to change the behaviour of men and boys - some seem to think it's their right to attack girls. "In lockdown, the only thing to do was go for a walk. Sarah was walking home because it was the safest way for her, healthwise, but obviously the most unsafe way in terms of violence. Women are still looking over our shoulders. I don't think anything has changed since." Olivia Winter, a 24-year-old fine art student at Central Saint Martins, came with her dog Bobby to pay her respects. She said: "It's absolutely heartbreaking, it made me really upset. "I had just moved from Manchester to Brixton when it happened. I used to walk the exact same route as Sarah. I've had to switch my route because of it." Angie Leach, 57, a member of the Surrey Vixens Women's Institute, helped to make the bunting, which was hung on the bandstand. Members sewed a victim's name on each flag and Angie said: "Each of these 125 women had families, friends. Many people see this and say it is because the streets of London aren't safe and I say no, your homes aren't safe. "Most of these women were killed at home or in the home of a partner. Cressida Dick laid flowers. Well, that's great - what else are you doing?" Last night, friends and well-wishers, some clutching flowers, marched through Clapham to mark the anniversary of Sarah's death. Couzens, 48, is serving a whole life sentence after he admitted kidnap, rape and murder.