Peace lilies are stunning houseplants and are common in households across the UK. However, in order to bloom, they need the correct care as it is quite challenging to get a peace lily to grow new flowers once the original ones fall off. Luckily, indoor plant experts at The Urban Sprout have shared how to get a peace lily to grow more flowers. The experts explained that peace lilies are set to bloom in a matter of days. They said: “The main thing to remember is that peace lilies bloom in the spring and the early summer.” However, in order for them to bloom naturally, it is important that gardeners understand the conditions these houseplants need. The houseplant experts noted that the “one trick” to blooming peace lilies “quicker” lies in the room temperature. READ MORE: Octopus Energy first to offer deal BELOW energy price cap rise They said: “One trick to help your peace lily grow quicker is to change up the temperature in the night. “Remember that peace lilies like to bloom in the spring and summer. “So, if you are keeping your peace lily indoors, you can mimic the summer temperatures so that the peace lily thinks it is summer and blooms accordingly. “To that end, you can keep the daytime temperature around 22.22 degrees and the nighttime temperature around 15.56 degrees.” DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fan shares 88p method to clean dusty skirting boards [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘essential’ trick for healthy grass blades after mowing [EXPERT] Peace lilies will bloom in mild temperatures. Anything between 18 degrees and 29 degrees is good. This makes it perfect as a household plant because room temperature usually falls into that range. However, if these houseplants are placed outdoors, make sure not to put it outside if it is hot during the summer. The same applies to the outdoors during the winter. If plant owners keep their peace lily inside, make sure the room has a moderate amount of humidity. The plant experts said: “You do not want it to be too dry, but you also do not want it to be too humid and moist. “If the room where you are keeping the peace lily is very humid and moist, you might want to consider using a dehumidifier to help make it a bit drier. “However, make sure that it remains at moderate humidity instead of getting very dry.” For those who don’t know what type of humidity is best, lean towards more humidity rather than less humidity. In that case, peace lilies can grow in humid conditions. The experts added: “You may want to spray the leaves with mist so that they are more moist. “This is especially important to do during the summer. “However, during the winter, you want to water your peace lily less often.”