Demi Rose has set pulses racing after uploading her latest snap to Instagram, leaving nothing to the imagination. The 26-year-old took to her Story to share an update today in view of her 19 million fans. She uploaded a mirror selfie that put on display her famous curves. Demi opted for a colourful plunging top and matching bottoms set. The Birmingham-born beauty complemented her colourful outfit with a manicure in orange and yellow tones. She gave the camera a sultry look as she ran her fingers through her wavy hair. READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz The snap was one of Demi’s latest updates on social media. Last week, she posted two fierce pictures of herself riding a horse on her feed. The steamy photographs sent fans into a frenzy, with the model posing in just a top and cowboy boots. She captioned the snaps: “If you want to ride Ride the white pony.” The first picture showed Demi riding a white horse in the sun and looking defiantly into the camera. She paired some orange and white heeled cowboy boots with a matching hat. Demi was wearing a geometrical print black and white shirt, but she did not seem to be wearing anything on her legs. The second snap gave fans a closer look at Demi’s back and the details on her cowboy hat. READ MORE...Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT]Phil Collins, 71, sits during Genesis gig amid 'frail' appearance [LATEST]‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [NEWS] The glittery heart-printed hat was paired with just a black bra with a fringe. In the second shot, Demi could be seen longingly looking away from the camera. The snap offered a close-up look at her makeup, which featured a sharp winged eyeliner. Fans of the social media star rushed to the comments section as they showered her with compliments. Officiallyleawalker wrote: “Absolutely stunning as ever darling.” _jack.allen19 said: “Simply outrageous.” Tomasfantilli added: “Absolutely gorgeous.” Keithshippam typed: “Awesome body and beauty.”