Last year, Brian May remastered his debut solo album 1992’s Back to the Light. The Gold series record was previously unavailable everywhere, as has been the case with his second record outside of Queen, 1998’s Another World. As the 74-year-old gears up for the latter’s reissuing on April 22, he’s shared some incredible memories from the recording sessions. One of the record’s special guests was Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins, who teamed up with Brian on heavy rock track Cyborg. The song was influenced by the Queen guitarist’s collaboration on the Rise Of The Robots and Rise 2: Resurrection video games. The lyrics adopted the perspective of a robot longing to escape his skin as a metaphor for humanity’s yearning for Another World. The 74-year-old didn’t hold back on his praise for Hawkins and his ballistic drumming. Brian remembered: “He'd never really done a studio session for someone else, so he was wired to the hilt - you could imagine. He's going ‘This is f*****g awesome’. I mean, there is energy spilling out all over Surrey from this guy, incredible! I think he’s well represented on the track – it’s insane, the amount of energy on there.” Another World also includes the drumming of Cozy Power, who collaborated with the Queen legend on Back to the Light. Tragically, the rock musician died in a car crash at the age of 50 in April 1998, before Another World could be completed. On his late friend’s drumming, the Queen star said at the time: “You immediately hear this massive drum track [Business] come in and that’s very much him. It’s meant to be as big as it gets – I want Cozy’s life to be marked as big as possible. It isn’t about somebody hitting something, it’s about the inner energy and strength and optimism of this guy. He’s a crucial part of this album and I don’t know what the hell I will do without him.” Another World would be dedicated to both Brian’s mother and Cozy. The Queen star said on the spoken-word tribute which opens Another Disc: “It’s impossible to describe what a terrible gap it’s going to leave in our lives, our mate Cozy not being here. He was a fantastic support, a fantastic energy and vibe, he had the most incredible attitude to life which leaked over into everything he did.” On the seventh track The Guv’nor, Brian brought in guest guitarist Jeff Beck for the song that was intended for a proposed but unmade movie about a bare-knuckle boxer. The Queen guitarist said: “In our world, Jeff is the guv’nor – the standard by which you judge yourself.” Another World also includes a cover of Mott the Hoople hit All the Way from Memphis, which features that band’s frontman Ian Hunter. Fans will know that Queen famously opened for them during their early days in the 1970s. On touring together, Brian remembered: “I used to watch them do ‘All the Way from Memphis’ every night, and the place would erupt, like an earthquake. They really were a fantastic band live.” DON'T MISSBrian May 'lost interest' in Adam Lambert collaboration on Queen song [BRIAN MAY]Brian May sends love to Ukraine and promises 'We will rock again!' [UKRAINE]Brian May announces ‘very limited edition’ of once unobtainable album [ANOTHER WORLD] Ultimately, Another World upholds the Queen guitarist’s value of the open-door policy he adopted after Back to the Light. He said: “I travelled a lot of paths to gather all the pieces. In order to have something worthwhile for the next Brian May album, I would have to rediscover who I was. I decided to go out and do a lot of playing and open myself up for projects because I didn’t want to make another purely introspective album. I thought I would go out into the world, experience things and rediscover my roots.” Another World is released on April 22, 2022 and can be pre-ordered as a limited edition here.