The Responder follows the life of police officer Chris Carson (played by Martin Freeman) as he does everything he can to do his best at work and for his family. The BBC One drama is an eye-opening series showing what the job can be like, as it is loosely based on writer Tony Schumacher's experiences. So will fans get to watch even more of Chris' escapades as he tackles crime on the streets of Liverpool? Here's everything we know so far regarding what's in store for The Responder. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Responder. The Responder is about urgent response officer Chris, telling his story over a series of five-night shifts on the beat. But with every call, he has more than just the everyday issues to worry about as he becomes morally compromised on the job. As this is all happening, Chris is forced to partner up with rookie officer Rachel (Adelayo Adedayo) who isn't exactly thrilled to be paired with him either. They need to rely on one another when the pressure begins to mount. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak with Kelly in devastating cancer plot? Prior to its release, Freeman talked of how it was the writer behind The Responder who got him involved in the drama. He said: "Tony Schumacher’s scripts were so unique and honest that I knew very quickly that I wanted to be a part of The Responder and take on the role of Chris. "No-one writes like Tony and it has been exhilarating inhabiting the world he has created." Now, the question on everyone's minds is whether or not there will be more episodes to come. The Responder season one started on Monday, January 24, on BBC One. Made up of five episodes, the final instalment aired on February 2. Fans will be delighted to hear the series was officially renewed for a second season on March 22. The BBC said: "Four of the BBC’s biggest dramas from the past year are RETURNING for a second series - The Tourist, The Responder, Vigil and Time. Which one are YOU most excited about? Watch Series One of The Tourist, The Responder, Vigil and Time on iPlayer."  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as villager makes dramatic return to the Dales? [THEORY]The Masked Singer: Panda's identity rumbled in Coronation Street clue? [CLUE]Death in Paradise's Josephine teases Florence Cassell's replacement [CAST]  Express.co.uk will update this article once more details have been released. Nevertheless, fans are already calling for a second season of The Responder to be on its way. Having watched the entirety of the series on the streaming service BBC iPlayer, one viewer tweeted: "Just finished watching the whole series, what a show, well written, great cast. "Congrats! Hoping for another series. Superb." A second commented: "Really hope there’s another series of #TheResponder it’s bloody brilliant. And I’m not just biased because it’s set in Liverpool". While a third added: "Best thing we’ve watched in a long time. Don’t wait another 2 years to write the second series – crack on!!” The Responder is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.