Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has reiterated she plans to hold an independence referendum next year despite Russia continuing with its invasion of Ukraine. In an interview with LBC, the SNP leader was asked whether Vladimir Putin's onslaught in Ukraine would derail her efforts to hold a poll on Scotland's position in the UK. Ms Sturgeon replied: "My plans and my thinking haven't changed." "We, right now, should be reminded, above all else, how lucky we are to live in a free democracy where we can put forward our case for political constitutional change, argue that case passionately, whatever our views on that might be, and trust people to decide." The Scottish First Minister added: "I support independence for a whole variety of reasons, but one of the motivations for my support for independence is to see Scotland play a bigger role, albeit as a small country, in building a more peaceful world, to be a progressive, constructive international partner, to be a progressive country that welcomes refugees. "And sees Scotland as a place of sanctuary, a country that sees the benefits we stand to gain from having people come here and make a contribution to our society. "And, actually, all of these issues right now, I think are brought into sharp focus by the tragedy that is unfolding in Ukraine." JUST IN: Britain leads way on world stage as Ukrainians put Boris behind only Zelensky - new poll However, Ms Sturgeon has come under fire from the chief executive of a pro-Union pressure group north of the border. Pamela Nash, who served as the Labour MP for Airdrie & Shotts from 2010 to 2015, said: “This is astonishing recklessness. "With the world preoccupied by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the horrific human tragedy unfolding, and a devastating cost-of-living crisis facing millions of Scots, only the SNP would think now is the time to divide families and communities with an unwanted second referendum." Ms Nash, who heads up the Scotland in Union group, added: “Nicola Sturgeon is completely out of touch with the people of Scotland and should be ashamed of prioritising her obsession with separation at such a difficult time for so many. “The last thing the NATO alliance needs is being weakened by the break-up of the UK, while as part of the UK we can pool and share resources to ensure that no community is left behind as we recover from Covid and address the household budget crisis.” Scotland in Union, which boasts to have 36,000 registered supporters, was formed in 2015 and claims to be totally opposed to a second independence referendum. However, Ms Sturgeon is not the first SNP politician to be slammed since Russia invaded Ukraine in February. Falkirk East MSP Michelle Thomson, who previously served as the SNP's business spokesperson in Holyrood, tried to draw a comparison between Kyiv's emergency attempt to join the European Union and her ambition for Scotland to rejoin the Brussels bloc. She posted on Twitter: "Delighted for Ukraine. It just goes to show what political will can achieve. Remember this Scotland!" Tory MSP Annie Wells blasted her SNP counterpart as "utterly tone-deaf" and her Conservative colleague Stephen Kerr added that "this is not normal behaviour for a political party". DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Rejoiners demand urgent 're-run' of referendum [LIVE] Poignant pictures show US bombers at UK airbase amid World War 3 fears [REPORT] Russians disclose General’s death as comms broken by OWN army [REVEAL] Ms Thomson has since deleted her tweet and issued an apology which said: "I noted and then tweeted something earlier that was insensitive regarding Ukraine. "Like everyone, my first thoughts are sympathy for the people there. Apologies if I offended anyone." Recent opinion polls on Scottish independence suggest the result of a second referendum could be on a knife-edge. A survey conducted by Savanta ComRes last month found 46 percent of Scots would vote to sever ties with the UK and 46 percent would support remaining in the 315-year-old Union. Despite the recent narrowing in the polls, the 'No' side has registered leads in seven of the last 10 surveys.