The Bridgen representative said he was "not ok" as he opened up about his mental health in a statement published on his website in the early hours of this morning. He made the announcement just hours after attending a bonding dinner organised for Conservative MPs at which he said he was "reminded of the incredible support those you work with can provide". The MP spoke of living with post-traumatic stress disorder after being raped last September and being blackmailed for his gender a year earlier. Opening up, he wrote: "I'm trans. Or to be more accurate, I want to be. "I've been diagnosed with gender dysphoria and I've felt this way since I was a very young child. I had no intention of ever sharing this with you. I always imagined I would leave politics well before I ever said this out loud. "There was a close call in April 2020 when someone blackmailed me, outed me to my father and sent photographs to other family members.  "He wanted £50,000 to keep quiet. The police were so supportive, so understanding and on this occasion the system worked." The MP said the offender was sentenced to two years and nine months in prison after admitting his guilt. "Being an MP and hiding something like this was always going to be tough, but I arrogantly assumed I was up for it," he added. "For a while it seemed as though I would be able to get on with things and move on." Speaking of his ordeal last September he said: "I 'hooked up' with someone who I met online and when I chose to say 'no' on the basis that he wouldn't wear a condom he chose to rape me. "I have not been myself since this incident and I don't think I will ever recover. It is not something you ever forget, and it is not something you ever move on from.  "Since then things have really taken a tumble. I am not ok." He went on to speak about a car crash he was involved in last November, saying he fled from the scene "because I was terrified". "I have PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder) and I honestly have no idea what I was doing except I was overcome by an overwhelming sense of fear," he said. Mr Wallis admitted to the crash in court earlier this year and received a fixed term penalty fine.  Praising the support offered to him by members of his party since being elected he said: "There's a lot that goes on in MPs' lives and the Whips play an important wellbeing role - as far as I've seen they try their best to support and help MPs who are having a tough time. "Well they've certainly earned their keep with me." MPs from across the House of Commons have praised Mr Wallis for his statement, describing him as "brave" for opening up. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: "Well done JamieWallis for speaking out and your brave statement. We stand with you."  Conservative Party chairman Oliver Dowden gave his support, saying: "Proud of my colleague Jamie Wallis. "As a Conservative family we stand together, and we will support you. I hope that your brave statement will help others." Labour frontbencher Wes Streeting sent his "love and solidarity from the other side of the Commons", adding: "This is hugely courageous of you to share." The Liberal Democrats' Layla Moran said: "Sending loads of support, Jamie. I hope you’ll be overwhelmed by love for taking the plunge and revealing your truth." 