Former Chief of UK Defence Intelligence Air Marshall Philip Osborn sat down on Sky News to discuss the conflict between Ukraine and Russia. President Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine and the conflict has been heating up as it entered its second week. Putin has threatened nuclear warfare which has sent global leaders to question his next moves in the conflict. Mr Osborn predicted Putin escalating the war by implementing more violence on Ukrainians in order to try and break their morale. Mr Osborn said: "His forces are proving that they're not nearly as agile as they thought they were going to be. "Therefore what we're seeing, tragically, is Russia doing what Russia normally does which is when it's in a hole, apply violence, extreme violence to break civilian morale. "I think personally in the Ukrainians they picked the wrong opponent." Sky News host added: "And when we say extreme violence, how extreme? You know what I'm really asking here, what is he prepared to use?" JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv Mr Osborn said: "In terms of, in Ukraine, he'll be prepared to use cluster weapons, you've already seen those. "He'll be prepared to use thermobaric weapons, we've seen those deployed. "To go further than that, again is to risk a highly significant escalation which even those deluded individuals around Putin I think would be advising him against. "This is a multi-level conflict and actions of a tactical and operational level do have strategic impact. "It's a dangerous time and he'll recognise it's a dangerous time, so I would assess at this stage, weapons beyond those conventional weapons of mass destruction that I've just mentioned. "I can't see those being used in Ukraine in a tactical context." READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse  Russian President Putin has threatened retaliation with possible nuclear force if the no-fly zone was to be implemented. The implementation would see many other European countries fighting Russia and would lead to a larger conflict that some political commentators have claimed would start WW3. During a press conference yesterday in Russia, Putin said: "Now we are hearing that no-fly zone must be established over the territory of Ukraine. "It is impossible to do over the territory of Ukraine, it is only possible from the territory of some neighbouring countries. "But any move in this direction will be seen by us as a participation in the armed conflict or whichever side whose territory will pose a threat to our service members. "That very second we will view them as participants of the military conflict and would not matter what members they are."  DON’T MISS:'He's gone berserk' Putin mental state under question as Polish mayor slams Russia leader According to Gov.UK: “The UK has taken a consistent and leading approach on nuclear disarmament but not all states have followed. “Some are significantly increasing and diversifying their nuclear capabilities. We must ensure they can never use their nuclear weapons to threaten us, constrain our decision making, or sponsor nuclear terrorism.” Journalist Ros Atkins gave his opinion on the nuclear threat on BBC News. Mr Atkins said: "Though the rivalry between these superpowers intensified, in 1991 there was the New START treaty. "It aimed to decrease the size of their overall arsenals. And underpinning the West's justification for these weapons is an idea called nuclear deterrence. "The UK Government factsheet states that: 'Potential aggressors know that the cost of attacking the UK, or our NATO allies, could far outweigh any benefit they could hope to achieve.'  