Gogglebox favourite Sophie Sandiford has reacted after finding her brother's beloved family member in her seat on the Channel 4 show. Taking to Instagram, Sophie shared a sweet snap of Pete Sandiford's fluffiest family member, as he gazed up at her with adoring eyes while sitting in her chair. The brother-sister duo feature heavily on the popular Channel 4 programme and both Sophie and Pete have their own self-allocated seats which they always sit on. While Pete takes the sofa, Sophie is left to curl up in a mustard yellow armchair as they discuss the highlights of the week's TV. However, today Sophie revealed she was in for a shock as her seat had already been taken. Sharing a sweet snap of Pete's Corgi, Colin, the star told her 552,000 fans that her seat was occupied. READ MORE: 'It's sad' Karren Brady on Oprah Winfrey being hailed as a role model Sophie wrote: "A very good boy sat in auntie sophs chair," alongside a blue heart. She hadded the hashtag: "#goggleboxready." A year ago, Pete welcomed the fluffy addition to his family. In scenes which aired on the show, the star snuck out of the living room before returning with his new puppy in his arms. Excited to meet auntie Sophie, Colin made his way on to the coffee table before attempting to help himself to her beverage. After being pushed away, the pup headed straight towards Pete's mug as the duo cooed over him. Warning his sister, Pete said: "Watch his teeth. They're well sharp." After adding Colin the Corgi to his family in March 2021, Pete went on to welcome his son in September with wife, Paige. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT]Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen on near-death accident while filming BBC show [ANALYSIS]‘Anything to stay alive’ Linda Nolan on gruelling cancer treatment [UPDATE] The star revealed his son's name in an adorable post on social media to mark his 27th birthday. Posing in his bathroom, Pete laughed as the picture was being taken. The TV star affectionately held his son who was wearing a fuzzy animal towel wrap. Despite the adorable tot looking less than happy at the situation, Pete used the opportunity to reveal his son's name. He captioned the snap: "Jimmy wishing his daddy a happy birthday," while tagging his sister Sophie and wife Paige. Pete's Gogglebox co-star Ellie Warner took to the sweet post to comment. She wrote: "Happy birthday daddy cool!" His great-uncle Paul Chuckle also commented: "Fancy frightening little Jimmy on your birthday... Happy birthday mate have a good un x" Gogglebox is on tonight on Channel 4 at 9pm.