The sports quiz show, which aired its most recent pre-recorded episode on the same day, had seen Shane appear as a guest several times. The Australian sportsman was found dead following a heart attack on March 4. Ahead of the BBC show, the team behind Question of Sport took to social media to honour the 52-year-old. Posting a picture of Shane during an appearance on the show, the official Question of Sport account captioned it: "We are extremely saddened to hear of the death of Shane Warne. "He was one of cricket's and sport's greatest ever. "Shane appeared on the show numerous times and was a guest captain for three episodes in 2007. "Our thoughts are with all of his family, friends and those who knew him." READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 In the episode on Friday, there was no mention of the cricketer, but the instalments are pre-recorded by the time news of his death broke. Hosted by Paddy McGuinness, the latest episode saw team captains Sam Quek and Ugo Monye joined by Wimbledon semi-finalist Johanna Konta, rugby star James Haskell, hockey champion Hollie Pearne-Webb and European champion sprinter Anyika Onuora. Tributes from stars across the sporting world and beyond have been pouring in since the announcement of Shane's death, with football legend Gary Lineker also posting his tribute on Twitter. He said: "Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. “The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can’t quite believe it. RIP Shane." Ex-England footballer Jamie Carragher also took to social media to pay his own tribute, posting: “RIP Shane Warne, the best bowler I’ve ever seen.” Broadcaster Piers Morgan wrote: "Absolutely devastated to hear that ⁦@ShaneWarne⁩ has died from a heart attack aged just 52. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife star opens up on character trauma 'knocked sideways' [VIDEO]Dad’s Army star speaks out on John Le Mesurier 'Felt sorry for him' [LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman slapped down by guest 'Bad books' [VIDEO] “He was a genius cricketer, a supreme entertainer, a fantastic bloke and a great loyal friend for many years. “Just gutting news. RIP Warnie, I loved every minute in your company.” Gardening icon Monty Don tweeted: “The news of Shane Warne's untimely death is truly shocking. "For those of us who love cricket he enriched our lives beyond measure.” BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker penned: “Genuinely can’t believe the sad news about the death of Shane Warne. “He came on Breakfast just a couple of weeks ago & was as effervescent as ever. “What a talent he was. He had a huge impact on cricket and will be sorely missed by so many.” (sic) Warne enjoyed a 15-year career with Australia and was well-loved by cricket fans. In a statement from Warne’s management team, it was confirmed that he had passed away in his villa in Thailand. The statement read: “Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. “The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course.” Question of Sport continues on Friday at 7.30pm on BBC One.