BBC News at Ten presenter Huw Edwards has responded to a graduate on Twitter who appeared to have been rejected from a job interview due to her “strong Welsh accent”. Huw, who hails from Bridgend, called for the company to be named and shamed. Eluned Anderson, 22, whose Twitter handle is @ElunedAnderson, tweeted about her experience following the interview. She posted a screenshot of what appeared to be a rejection email based on her accent, blurring out the name of the company and the job role. The email thanked Eluned, who is a regional ambassador for the Holocaust Educational Trust, for applying for the job and for attending the interview at such short notice. “We thought you were fantastic, and performed very well throughout. “Your skill set would reflect well in the role. “I’m sorry to say, however, that we have decided not to proceed with your application. “It was decided that your strong Welsh accent, accompanied by your regional activities, would not suit the office environment.” The message concluded by thanking Eluned for her “interest and time”. Alongside the screenshot, Eluned wrote: “First time I’ve ever been told I’ve got a strong Welsh accent, so I suppose that’s a win?” To this, a horrified Huw replied: “Thought this was a wind-up. Turns out it's not! Let's have the company name so that I can apply for a job.” He added an emoji of the Welsh flag next to his message. His followers were equally horrified, particularly as a video of Eluned was produced and proved she didn’t have a particularly strong accent. READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] @liturgicalben wrote: “This is wide spread @thehuwedwards - but usually they aren’t as stupid as to put “Welsh” as the reason. “The last acceptable form of discrimination? It’s utterly disgraceful.” Nicola added: “What the hell is this???? Thats awful … Come on Huw apply for it and put them straight!! X” “In this day and age we clearly still have a long way to go in terms of diversity and inclusion. Outrageous discrimination, shocking,” added @dellarmij. However, others were unconvinced and claimed they believed the email was a fake. Eluned later posted an update, writing: “Really grateful for all the support and messages. I’ve taken advice from lawyers and charities, and as a graduate, I’m honestly so overwhelmed by the response “If it’s one thing this shows more than anything else, it’s to join a Union, and know your rights - which I didn’t. “I was in the hair salon this morning and @theJeremyVine started talking about my case - whilst everyone (and I mean everyone) stopped what they were doing and stared at me. “Still not totally convinced my cheeks have returned to a normal colour.”