Talks of the popular ITV series I'm A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here! are well underway with some reports suggesting the show’s air date could be moved to an earlier slot. Hoping to avoid any clashes with the upcoming World Cup in Qatar, viewers may be expected to see a new brave batch of celebrity contestants making their way to camp in the infamous chopper much earlier than expected. The Qatar 2022 World Cup will begin on November 21, the exact date I'm A Celeb premiered last year and will run until December 18. According to inside sources, ITV bosses have brought the jungle start date forward to avoid clashing with the international football coverage. A showbiz insider revealed: “The last thing anyone wants is for viewers to have to choose between the latest from the jungle and a big game. "Two of ITV's biggest juggernauts – not just of the season but the whole year – are I'm A Celeb and its international football coverage,” they told The Sun. READ MORE:Caroline Hawley husband: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert's husband? They concluded: “So it makes sense to keep them apart, and as the World Cup isn't going to budge, it makes sense to move Ant and Dec." While details of the upcoming season have not been confirmed by ITV, hosts Ant and Dec gave a bit more away when it came to the filming location. The Limitless stars spoke about the future of the reality show and teased its long-awaited return to Oz. In an interview on The One Show, presenter Alex Jones asked the presenters: "So is it the castle, or is it the jungle?" Ant replied: “Well, the plan is the jungle.” The Saturday Night Takeaway host confirmed to BBC viewers: “No, we love Wales, but Australia is its home and we’d like to get back there.” For the past two years, the ITV show has been filmed at Gwrych Castle, in Wales, due to COVID-19 travel restrictions. Speculation began when Australia had reopened their borders after the pandemic had begun. Currently, there are no official cast members on this year’s slate but rumours have already begun to circulate on who would be on the next booking. Some have been led to believe the EastEnders star Danny Dyer could be taking a break from acting to take on the gruelling eating challenges which have previously included fish eyes, vomit fruit and, the slimy Witchetty grubs to name a few. Along with the soap star, RuPaul’s Drag Queen The Vivienne may also be making an appearance. She has made several appearances on reality shows since her time in the werk room, and in 2021 told Lorraine Kelly she’d love to join the jungle. The reality star said: "I’m terrified of spiders but get me to that jungle, I’d do it.” “What a great life opportunity that I’m never going to get again.” Speaking on the ITV daytime show, she praised: “I’m all for that!" I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here is available to stream on ITV and ITV Hub.