Arsenal and Manchester United are among several Premier League clubs interested in Benfica striker Darwin Nunez this summer. And suitors could lure the Uruguayan away from Portugal for £35million less than his release clause as he eyes an England switch. Nunez has flourished into one of Europe's most dangerous forwards this season, scoring 26 goals in 33 games, including four in Benfica's run to the Champions League quarter-finals. The 22-year-old is also cruising towards the Primeira Liga Golden Boot, netting 20 times in the league. His prolific exploits before goal have prompted links to some of Europe's biggest clubs, but most of his interest seems to be rooting from the Premier League. And reports claim as many as six English outfits are pursuing his services. According to 90min, United have sent scouts to watch Nunez 'more than half-a-dozen times' after closely monitoring him for over a month. Arsenal join Aston Villa, Newcastle United, Tottenham Hotspur and West Ham United as interested parties from the top-flight. JUST IN: Chelsea provide Cesar Azpilicueta 'assurances' as Barcelona eye move Whilst Villa, Newcastle and Tottenham are in contact over the fee Nunez would demand, West Ham attempted to sign him in January but left the deal too late. But he has informed Benfica that he is ready for a transfer and a Premier League switch is his preference. Benfica included a release clause in excess of £100m into his contract after signing him from Almeria for a club-record £21m in 2020. But interestingly, for those interested in his signature, the report claims Nunez is set to be available for £65million at the end of the season. READ MORE: Man Utd ‘ready to splash £76m on Tammy Abraham' despite Chelsea clause Fellow South American Luis Diaz's early impact at Liverpool has also encouraged the nine-capped Uruguay ace. Diaz arrived in England from Porto in January and has settled into his new surroundings effortlessly, particularly impressing in last month's Carabao Cup final against Chelsea. A source close to Nunez has said: "The Premier League is where the most interest is coming from, and Nunez has a real desire to play in England, no doubt. He has also seen just how well Luis Diaz has performed and settled into life, but also the clubs have seen that, and they believe Nunez could be just as good if not better." This summer, there will be a hotly-contested race for his services after a stellar campaign, with the Premier League posing as a highly likely destination. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.