Footage shared on social media appeared to show police shooting or tasering the man as he ran at responding officers. The man, seen wielding two knives, allegedly set his own building on fire, and was seen climbing out of the window in Polvanie View dressed in combat gear. There are reportedly seven police vans alongside two Scottish Fire and Rescue Service (SFRS) vehicles currently in the area. Witnesses reported hearing a loud bang and told how paramedics have now arrived on the scene. A video shared on social media shows the man charging towards police brandishing the weapon, before he appears to be shot - although it is not clear if it is by a taser or a gun. Independent journalist Alex Tiffin tweeted: "The male had been attempting to set a property on fire when officers arrived. He said that police have shot the man, adding: "I'm not aware whether it was with a firearm or a taser." Police were called to the New Craigs area of the city at around 4pm. Witnesses report hearing an explosion in the flat and smoke emerging from the windows. One eye-witness said: "I just feel bad for everyone else in that flat block. How terrifying." Another added on social media: "Rambo gone mad." He has now been taken away in an ambulance. Fire crews are still battling the second-floor blaze which appears to have been started by the man. A SFRS spokeswoman said: "We were called to Polvadie View, Inverness at 3.14pm on Thursday. "A few appliances were sent to the scene and are still in attendance." A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Officers attended at a property on Polvanie View in Inverness around 3pm on Thursday, 31 March, 2022, following a report of concern for a person. “On attendance, the property was on fire. No-one was injured as a result of the fire and Scottish Fire and Rescue Service are at the scene. “A 40-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident and has been conveyed to Raigmore Hospital. “Enquiries into the incident are ongoing. The incident is contained and there is no wider threat to the public.” 