Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s attempts to offer Russian President Vladimir Putin a route out of conflict have so far failed. However, recently speaking to Russian media, Mr Zelensky said: "I know you know you have made a terrible mistake, but I am offering you a way out." He is reportedly offering Ukraine’s full neutrality and giving up the long-cherished ambition to join NATO, as well as not pursuing nuclear weapons too. The invasion of Ukraine has seen major cities in the country severely bombarded by Russian airstrikes. However, multiple reports have suggested that Russian forces on the ground are demoralised and disenchanted as they struggle to make progress. Many reports have even quoted Russian soldiers claiming that they were unaware they were going to war. Thomas Bullock, an open source analyst from Janes, the defence intelligence firm, said Russian forces have made tactical errors that the Ukrainians have been able to capitalise on. Speaking to the New York Times earlier this month, he said: “It looks like the Ukrainians have been most successful when ambushing Russian troops. “The way the Russians have advanced, which is that they have stuck to main roads so that they can move quickly, not risk of getting bogged down in mud. "But they are advancing on winding roads and their flanks and supply routes are overly exposed to Ukrainian attacks. Frederick W. Kagan, an expert on the Russian military who leads the Critical Threats Project at the American Enterprise Institute, added: “Having the Ukrainians just wreck your airborne units, elite Russian units, has to be devastating for Russian morale. "Russian soldiers have to be looking at this and saying, ‘What the hell have we gotten ourselves into?’” Earlier this month, The Guardian reported that captured Russian soldiers were claiming they were "duped" into invading Ukraine by their seniors. One Russian soldier said: “Everything we were told was a fake. I would tell my guys to leave Ukrainian territory. “We’ve got families and children. I think 90 percent of us would agree to go home.” Another example came from Ukraine's security forces who released a video showing five Russians, barely in their twenties, from the 25th Crew, Unit 75242. READ MORE: Zelensky says Ukraine regaining lost ground as hopeful peace talks con They were interrogated as they kneeled with hands cuffed. One told the camera: “We were told we were going for training. Eventually, after we were sent to the front line, everyone was demoralised and nobody wanted to fight. “But we got told that we would be enemies of the state and because it’s wartime we might get shot. “We were thrown in as cannon fodder. People in our unit at least don’t want this war. They want to go home and want peace.” The images have raised concerns, however, that the Geneva Convention laws regarding prisoners of war may have been broken. Lt. General Martin Herem, Estonia’s chief of defence, also said that his country is not impressed by what Russia's military has shown in this war. He said: “Today what I have seen is that even this huge army or military is not so huge. “If you look at what’s on the other side, you’ll see that there isn’t really an opponent anymore." Other experts are more weary and claim that Russia has more power in reserve which could be used to escalate the invasion. Michael Kofman, director of Russia studies at CNA told the New York Times: “Most Russian capabilities have been sitting on the sidelines. DON'T MISS Putin's spokesman dismisses nuclear threat and swats away Biden speech [INSIGHT] Zelensky claims Russia are ‘kidnapping’ and ‘murdering’ city officials [ANALYSIS] Chernobyl horror as Putin troops inhaled 'clouds of radioactive dust' [INSIGHT] “The force employment is completely irrational, preparations for a real war near nonexistent and morale incredibly low because troops were clearly not told they would be sent into this fight.” Retired Gen. Philip M. Breedlove, a former NATO supreme allied commander for Europe, added: “The Russian advance is ponderous. “But it is relentless, and there’s still a lot of force to be applied.” Ukrainian MP Inna Sovsun spoke to Express.co.uk earlier this month, shedding light on the situation in Kyiv. She said that Ukraine's forces are coming out on top in the fight with Russia. Ms Sovsun added: "Ukraine's army has been kicking their a***, the Russian army is not as strong as it is meant to be, they are badly equipped, their morale is bad. "It is not actually that strong an army – and compared to NATO's armies, I don't think Russia can stand in that fight. "I know there is this nuclear threat everyone is mentioning, but I think it is overstated. "After all, there are some less crazy people in Putin's surroundings who won't let that happen. “Some people in Russian intelligence are providing information to the West and to Ukraine."