McLaren team-mates Lando Norris and Daniel Ricciardo were brought face-to-face in an awkward meeting that was called over comments made by the youngster last season. Norris pulled no punches when asked about the Australian's poor start to life with his new team, and his tough approach preceded an upturn in form as the season progressed. Ricciardo made his debut with McLaren last season after a two-year stint with Renault. With seven Grand Prix wins to his name at the time, the switch was hotly-anticipated as a seasoned F1 veteran was set to be partnered with a talented up-and-comer in Norris. Ricciardo struggled to begin with, only out-scoring his team-mate in one of the season's first 10 races. Norris took a stern approach when asked if he felt sympathy towards his struggling McLaren partner. READ MORE: Max Verstappen fires shot at Mercedes as he makes brutal joke about Lewis Hamilton's car  "I don’t want to be mean but I don’t have sympathy," he told GP Fans last May. "At the end of the day, it was his decision to come to McLaren. It’s the decision of any driver to go to a different team and it’s up to him to do a good job." The issue was raised during the long-awaited new series of F1 documentary Drive to Survive. Norris explained to McLaren's communications officer: "What I said is just the truth. I don't feel sympathy for him, why would I?    "No driver on the grid would feel sympathy for another driver." A tense team meeting was then called, in which Norris asked Ricciardo whether he wanted him to publicly sympathise with his struggles. The former Red Bull man awkwardly responded: "Not really." Although the pair's off-track friendship does not quite match up to the 'bromance' shared between Norris and his former team-mate Carlos Sainz, matters certainly improved for the McLaren team on the track after an early hiccup. Having failed to even land a podium since his switch, Ricciardo stormed to a famous win in Monza which was made even sweeter by Norris' second-place finish. Despite his obvious talent, Norris is still awaiting his first F1 win after he came painfully close to taking the top prize in Sochi last year. Late rainfall forced teams into a tough decision on tyre compounds, which allowed Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen to come out on top at the 22-year-old's expense. By the time the Drivers' Championships wrapped up in Abu Dhabi, Ricciardo wound up eighth overall, with Norris two places ahead after being pipped to fifth by Sainz at the final hurdle.