The snake, thought to be an albino Burmese python, was found nestled among bin bags by council workers on Monday morning. The animal was found in a pile of waste by a hedge on the corner of Thorold Street and Park Street. It is suspected that the creature was most likely a household pet that was dumped in the street by fly-tippers, a spokesman for the local council said. It is not clear how long the animal had been there before it was found. The identity of the snake’s owners is currently unknown, with North East Lincolnshire Council appealing for them to come forward. John Munson, deputy street cleansing manager, said the discovery was a “total shock” with his team scared to unravel the creature. He said the animal looked “huge” and was very heavy. He said: “Our job is full of surprises, but this was a total shock for our team. “You don’t turn up for work on a Monday morning expecting to find a massive snake dumped behind a hedge. “None of us has plucked up the courage to fully unravel it, but it looks huge and weighs a fair bit.” READ MORE: Lamb with FIVE legs born at English farm - 'one in a million' Burmese pythons are some of the largest snakes in the world. They can grow up to 23 feet long and weigh up to 200 pounds. Native to the jungles and grassy marshlands of Southeast Asia, pythons can have a girth roughly the size of a telephone pole. They are popular pets however are frequently mishandled and treated poorly, with owners frequently releasing them into the wild. Burmese pythons are also hunted for their skins and flesh and are listed as a vulnerable species. DON'T MISS:Is Russia launching cyber attacks? How Ukraine faces two-front battle [LATEST]Brexit LIVE: Truss ‘100 percent prepared’ to trigger Article 16 [LIVE]Ukraine offers £767,000 reward for every defecting fighter pilot [BREAKING] It is the second time a huge snake has been found in Grimsby in two years, with a six-foot-long creature found by council workers in the town in 2020. The Council has called for the owners to come forward and explain why they dumped the animal in the centre of town. Councillor Ron Shepherd said: “We’re keen to speak to the snake’s owner so we can find out more about how it came to be fly-tipped in Grimsby. “Someone must know where it came from. We all have a legal obligation, or duty of care, to make sure our waste is disposed of correctly."