Transforming a caravan can cost hundreds, if not thousands of pounds. Lucy Gray, 29, from York, bought a caravan for £610, and took on the challenge of transforming it herself. Using budget materials such as DC Fix and Frenchic paint, she took to Facebook to share how she transformed her caravan from drab to fab for just £140. Lucy told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK: "I’ve always wanted a caravan and from a very young age I’ve loved making things and projects so it’s been a really enjoyable experience. "I actually bought this as a short-term living solution but wanted to make it nicer and more homely for the few weeks I’ll be in it. "Plus then it’ll be fab for holidays come summertime with my two dogs.” Lucy started by making the curtains. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how She said: “I started with the curtains. I had seen on Pinterest some black gingham curtains in a kitchen and loved them so created the rest of the look around those using Pinterest and Facebook DIY pages for ideas. "I bought the fabric for my curtains from a company called Terrys Fabric for roughly £35. "I have a basic knowledge of using a sewing machine so I made these myself.” She then proceeded to paint the inside of the caravan using “Frenchic paint”. DON'T MISS: Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels [INSIGHT]Five daily cleaning jobs to leave your home sparkling [TIPS]Orchid care: ‘Important’ tips for repotting houseplant for spring [EXPERT] Lucy said: “I used Cool Beans for the cupboards and doors, Wise Old Sage for the seating area and walls, Dusky Blush for the bathroom and cupboard area, and Blackjack for the kitchen area. "A tin of Frenchic is roughly £18, and I buy all mine from a local stockist called Grandads Shed and Vicki Kress Interiors - she’s fab!” She then got to work on the flooring and caravan seats. "Then I used two types of DC Fix for the sides and flooring which is so easy to use and only about £8 a roll from B&Q. “For the seating I just used blankets I already had. “I bought the caravan for £610 and spent about £140 doing it up. “It cost £35 for the fabric, £19.95 for each tin of paint so £79.80, three rolls of marble DC Fix which were £6.50 each and one roll of a colourful tile effect for the cupboard area for £10.” Lucy shared her tips for those interested in transforming a caravan. She said: “Tips wise, my dad was a builder so I’ve never been scared to pick something up and give it a go. “A caravan seems like a big job but it took me about a week (around work) and I’d say the most ‘difficult’ thing I’d done was still new holes for the replacement handles. “So it was all pretty beginner-friendly and just needed a bit of elbow grease.” Tom Church, co-founder of LatesDeals.co.uk commented: “The difference between the before and after pics of the caravan is like night and day, so you would be forgiven for thinking this transformation had cost thousands. “But well done to Lucy! She’s managed to pull it off for just £140 using some of my favourite budget materials: DC Fix and Frenchic paint!"