The French president was engaged in discussions over the treatment of Ukrainian refugees stuck in the port of Calais last week. Referring to the British Government's plan to allow more refugees into the country, Mr Macron said: "I welcome the British shift. It shows there was a problem, despite what was being said.  "I think nobody would have understood that despite all the grand statements we did together, the British Government continued to apply current rules. "These rules meant they did not welcome Ukrainian refugees who wanted to reach British soil." The news comes after Priti Patel was criticised for the handling of the refugee crisis brewing since Putin invaded Ukraine. The UN has described the refugee crisis as the worst since World War 2.  The Home Secretary has faced calls to relax visa regulations and make it easier for those fleeing to enter the UK. Ms Patel changed the rules so that people will be able to apply online for a visa without having to go to a processing centre to give their biometrics. The UK said a system to streamline refugee requests would be put in place next week. It has been reported the Government will soon unveil plans British public to house Ukrainian refugees fleeing the war in their country. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin military efforts delivered huge blow from West  Michael Gove, Levelling Up Secretary, is set to announce the new scheme on Monday. The scheme will allow Ukrainians without family links in the UK to take refuge for an initial period of 12 months. About the new scheme, Boris Johnson has said: “On Monday, you’ll get from the Levelling Up Secretary. "The programme will allow people to come in. "So, if people want to welcome refugees into their own homes, they can do so.” DON'T MISS Russia jet plummers from sky after Ukrainian defence forces down it [SPOTLIGHT]Sky's Sophy Ridge tears Gove apart over Johnson plans for Russia [REVEAL]Zelensky in brutal forecast as he warns invasion to backfire on Putin [INSIGHT]   Michael Gove has said that tens of thousands of Ukrainian refugees could come to UK. Each individual could be given £10,000 funding. He said the UK had processed "more than 3,000" visas for Ukrainians fleeing the war with Russia. Asked on Sophy Ridge on Sunday programme to estimate how many refugees could come to the UK Mr Gove said: "Tens of thousands." He added: "For each individual who comes, just over £10,000 per individual will be available to local authorities." 