Red Bull team principal Christian Horner is expecting Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes to still be fighting at the front of the field this season. He warns it was “only a matter of when, not if” Mercedes found the right performance from their new car to challenge Red Bull and Ferrari. He said it would be “foolish to write them off” and said the team were just hoping to “score points while we can”. Verstappen was one of the stars of qualifying, putting his car on the front row of the grid in second place.The Dutchman looked on course to snatch pole but just missed out to Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc. Meanwhile, Hamilton and Mercedes struggled to compete with the seven-time champion only quick enough for fifth on the grid.His new team-mate George Russell was only good enough for ninth leaving him with a lot of work to do in today’s race. READ MORE: Christian Horner warns of Ferrari and Leclerc threat When asked whether he was happy with Mercedes so far down the grid, Horner warned they were not expecting Mercedes to suffer for too long.Speaking to Channel 4 said: “Why are you smiling? I think Mercedes, they’ve got some issues as you can see at the moment. But they are such a strong team they are going to come back, it's only a matter of when, not if.“So it's important that we score points while we can, we get some in the bank. It's a long, long season and it would be very foolish to write them off.” DON'T MISSChristian Horner insists Mercedes will still be a 'big factor' [COMMENT]Christian Horner makes George Russell and Daniel Ricciardo link [ANALYSIS]Horner rubs salt in Toto Wolff's wounds with 'aggressive' comment [INSIGHT] Horner was then asked if he was “loving it” after beating Mercedes just months on from a ferocious title battle with the Silver Arrows. However, Horner simply replied “No, not at all. I haven't really given it much thought.“I’m more focussed on our performance than worrying about theirs.” He then said second on the grid was a “solid start” for the teamHe added: “The whole design and technical team came onto this car pretty late in the day compared to our opposition. I think the hours they have put in, the weekends they have worked has just been phenomenal.“So to have the car on the front row, less than one-tenth off Ferrari, that’s great.”