A driver caught the terrifying moment a Russian airstrike took out two schools and a block of houses in the northern city of Chernihiv. Smoke and debris were seen billowing out as the buildings were wrecked by the devastation and civilians could be seen running away from the attack. It comes as a Russian convoy is slowly making its way toward Kyiv and new sanctions have been placed against Belarus for allowing Putin to host his troops in the country. The footage sees a car driving down a long road before a missile explodes, leaving devastation in its wake. Reports suggest nine people died in the blast and it is currently unknown how many people were left injured. Ukrainian emergency services say it has pulled 22 bodies from the rubble following airstrikes in the city. Soon after the missile attack, dozens of people could be seen fleeing the scene as the smoke engulfed them. Ukraine media is reporting civilian targets, such as apartments, shops and other buildings are being targeted by harsh shelling. Some have suggested banned cluster bombs are also being used. Around 300,000 Ukrainians live in the city with conflicting reports claiming Belarusian troops are moving across the region. The US says it has not verified these reports with peace talks being held in Belarus between Ukraine and Russia.   Russian troops took over the southern city of Kherson making it the first city to fall. The port city of Mariupol has also seen rampant shelling from Russian troops with the mayor stating many Ukrainian civilians are trapped there. Rail lines have been damaged in the conflict and have made evacuation more difficult. DON'T MISS Horror as Russian troops recreating 'deadly Nazi siege' [COMMENT] Disgust after India refuses to vote against Russia [REVEAL] World must sent a clear message to Putin after brutal use of bombs [INSIGHT]  Footage shared on instant messaging platform Telegram showed further missile attacks after a Ukrainian man who was discussing the conflict in Kharkiv narrowly avoided being killed by a Russian missile. Vladimir Putin delivered a press conference on Thursday and claimed the "neo-Nazi" Ukrainian Government was holding its citizens "hostage" and using them as "human shields". He said Russia's involvement in the region was to protect civilians in Donbas who he says have been persecuted by the Ukrainian Government.