Heart FM radio presenter Amanda Holden has proved that age is just a number as she strutted her stuff in the studio today while wearing a revealing co-ord. The Britain's Got Talent judge, 51, and Joannie Taylor star Catherine Tate, 52, marched through the radio station's halls to the tune of LMFAO song Sexy And I Know It. In view of her 1.8 million followers, the mother-of-two put on a jaw-dropping display in a sage-green two piece. She branded the video: "Over 50 and still got it." Donning a mid-length sleeve top, Amanda cheekily flashed a glimpse of chest as she grinned during the catwalk. She paired it with a matching maxi dress which featured a saucy slit up one side, allowing her fans a generous view of her perfect pins. READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display in silky blouse She finished her outfit with a pair of pointy-toed stilettos and wore her hair in its usual sleek style. Catherine, on the other hand, was dressed as her character Nan from The Catherine Tate Show. Wearing a green shirt, yellow patterned skirt and trench coat, the comedian looked serious as she approached the camera, before flicking out her untamed locks. Amanda captioned the clip: "Sexy and we know it," alongside a laughing face and flame emoji. The video sparked a frenzy amongst her fans who took to the comments to express their delight. at the clip. Amanda's close friend and comedian Alan Carr wrote: "Haha!! Brilliant" While Death in Paradise star Tamzin Outhwaite penned: "This is brilliant," alongside three applauding emojis. Former Loose Women panellist Andrea McClean added: "Crushed it." DON'T MISS... Meghan's move poses 'problem' amid sister Samantha Markle's woes [INSIGHT]Anne Hegerty pulls out of Beat the Chasers as she names replacement [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams economist for criticising Zelenskyy's appearance [UPDATE] Meanwhile, Instagram user @memattmayor asked Amanda how her co-star Jamie Theakston concentrated during their show. They penned curiously : "How does Jamie get anything done?" Amanda's clip with Catherine Tate comes after she put on an eye-popping display in a silky shirt and figure-hugging skirt this morning. Arriving at Heart FM ahead of her radio show, Amanda looked incredible in the black and white outfit. The television personality strutted in an eye-popping white silk blouse, featuring puffed cuffs. She wore the blouse buttoned up, and tucked into a figure-hugging black and white checked shirt. The Britain's Got Talent judge styled the outfit with a thin black belt and black stiletto heels. Amanda wore her blonde tresses in a light wave as she showed off her sensational figure.