Jeremy Clarkson made an awkward mistake on Instagram today as he accidentally posted the exact same photo twice. His fans wasted no time in ribbing the 61-year-old for the blunder.  In view of his 4.5million followers, Jeremy posted a stunning photo of what looks like the northern lights. “God, this Hawkstone’s good,” he captioned the snap. Hawkstone is the name of the lager he created with Rick and Emma from the Cotswold Brew Co. Jeremy was in a beautiful snowy location at night as he snapped a photo to show off the lights in the sky.  But moments later, he posted the same photo again, with almost the exact same caption, too. “God, this Hawkstone’s good. I’m seeing colours,” he quipped. The Diddly Squat owner’s followers weren’t going to let him get away with the error easily. Marvin replied: “Hawkstone must be strong, you uploaded this picture twice”.  “So good you had to post it twice,” joked Alexander. Parsa added: “I like this one better”. “And posting double as well!” joked Blaidd. But Jeremy either failed to notice his gaffe, or simply didn’t care as he left both posts up, racking up thousands of likes on the platform. DON'T MISS... Yesterday, the Clarkson’s Farm star took to Instagram to share a snap of two sports cars. With one coloured yellow and the other blue, Jermey captioned the post: “Subtly flying the flag on our latest adventure.” With the colours replicating that of the Ukrainian flag, a number of his followers soon flooded the comments section with words of their support. The post also provided a huge update on the next special of The Grand Tour as it confirmed filming was underway.   While Jeremy didn’t confirm where exactly the special was taking place, a number of eagle-eyed fans quickly worked out where Jeremy and co-hosts Richard Hammond and James May were filming. Instagram users @shiftknuckle and @mr.imho both queried: “Norway?” And fellow fan @janofthenorth confirmed: “@mr.imho yep, Henningsvær Norway. Saw them there yesterday,” followed by smile emojis. @anygard98 also added: “They were spotted in Bardufoss. Guess there's no chance of meeting them. A shame, really.”