Boris Johnson and his Australian counterpart Scott Morrison signed the joint trade deal late last year, on December 16, completing the UK's Free Trade Agreement (FTA). Trade secretary Liz Truss and her successor, Anne-Marie Trevelyan, have since initiated negotiations for several others, including bilateral deals with New Zealand and Japan. The frameworks established for each deal - whether ratified or not - contain details that many people living in the UK may find less than enticing, despite Government promotion. The Australia trade deal, according to the Government, is both "world-class" and "historic", as ministers hailed its potential to "unlock" £10.4 billion for the British economy. At the same time, the country would serve as a "gateway to the Pacific", ministers added, while claiming to support British agricultural standards and "safeguarding" farmers. But farmers and their representatives who have combed through the deal's fine details have found little reason to rejoice, as they anticipate damage rather than opportunity. READ MORE: Farmers vow to snub Boris at next election in fury at Brexit stitch-up Unlocking the door for extra capital will leave some of the farming sector's most sensitive aspects out in the open. The deal guarantees that, over the years, tariffs will gradually recede from UK-Australia agriculture trading. Over the next decade, beef and sheep tariffs will all but disappear, with the vital protection only reserved for import volumes too large for importers to handle. Tariffs protect British producers by making domestic production more competitive to cheaper overseas equivalents, meaning under this deal, local farmers stand to lose out to Australian competition. With more Australian lamb and beef passing through British borders, the next most important factor for farmers to consider is standards. The UK's differ vastly from those of the country's new trading partner, with the latter pointedly laxer. Low-regulation Australian farming permits antibiotics and hormones to promote growth while greenlighting higher concentrations of pesticides and removing skin from live sheep. Ministers have pledged to uphold British standards on the market, however. They explained in a document that bans on select Australian produce such as hormone-treated beef would continue. And a "non-regression clause" would ensure that neither nation could backpedal on their standards after the deal activates. Ultimately, however, farmers could see themselves financially worse off further down the line. The Government itself has admitted as much in a post-agreement analysis published days after signing the deal. Australian practices make the country a “large, competitive producer of agricultural products” that could cut into British producers' income. In its own impact report, the Government said the deal has the "potential" to cut output for local farmers. As the agricultural sector faces contraction in the coming years, the impact assessment suggests it could also disrupt its fishing and forestry counterparts for a combined total of £94 million. The processed food sector stands to receive a £225 million blow as the economy sees a "reallocation of resources". The impact assessment also expects an overall output drop for beef and lamb production. As the deal takes effect, both sectors could see their output contract by three and five percent. National Farming Union (NFU) president Minette Batters said she would be "much happier as an Australian farmer than a British one" in a late February speech. She called on the Government not to "make the same mistake again" and urged negotiators to "learn the lessons and ensure our future trade deals are much more balanced" and "secure wins for UK farmers".