Spain manager Luis Enrique will not take charge of Manchester United ahead of next season, according to reports. The 51-year-old has been mentioned in connection with the Red Devils job in recent weeks but it seems as though he has already dropped out of the running to replace Ralf Rangnick in the United dugout over the coming months. Enrique will not be considered for the role after underlining his desire to lead Spain at this year's World Cup in Qatar, according to The Telegraph. He was reportedly lined up for preliminary talks with United chiefs earlier this week but has made it clear that he would like to remain loyal to Spain, a stance which is respected by those in command at Old Trafford.The prospect of Enrique joining United is now considered to be a non-starter as a result of his international commitments and the club's desire to avoid going into next season without a permanent manager at the helm. The Red Devils are eager to hit the ground running in the summer and will be looking to provide their playing squad with some much-needed clarity and conviction in advance of the new campaign.The situation has left Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag as the standout contenders for the job, with United's search now having been whittled down to a two-horse race. The former was reportedly sounded out for early discussions by director of football John Murtough earlier this month, while the latter has already been formally interviewed over the possibility of swapping Ajax for United at the end of the season. JUST IN: Man Utd ‘ready to splash £76m on Tammy Abraham' despite Chelsea clause Both managers are said to be open to leaving their current posts in order to replace Rangnick in the Old Trafford dugout in the summer, but it remains to be seen which of the two will emerge as the successful candidate over the coming weeks and months. It is said that United could revise their current position on Enrique if any issues with Pochettino or Ten Hag present themselves in the near future, but even then the club would encounter the same hurdles in bringing him to Manchester.Enrique has managed Spain for almost three years and will be aiming to lead his side to their second World Cup triumph when this year's tournament in Qatar kicks off in November. He responded to questions over the possibility of joining United earlier this week by insisting that he remains fully committed to his current role and will not be looking to step down before the end of the year. "I will be in Qatar with Spain," Enrique told reporters when quizzed on his United links. "I have given my word and there is nothing that makes me more excited than representing my country in the World Cup. How can there still be doubt, do I have to repeat it more times?"After that, we will see. And even more so with this national team and with this federation, I can say it louder, but not more clearly. I’m where I want to be." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here