Author and broadcaster Fern Britton, 64, told Kate Thornton, 49, on the White Wine Question Time podcast that she feels like she “is allowed to” speak her mind. Fern was previously married to celebrity chef Phil from 2000 to 2020 after they met while appearing on TV show Ready Steady Cook together. When podcast host Kate Thornton spoke about feeling like there were two sides to her, she alluded to having to keep her personal and professional life separate and added that she had finally learnt to “blur” the two, especially when hosting Loose Women. Fern spoke about having been in a similar situation throughout her decades-long career. The 64-year-old replied: “Very early on, someone said to me, ‘Never complain about your life on air, because as far as the viewers are concerned, you are in Hollywood, La La land. “‘And they are having difficult lives.’” Fern took this advice on board and, at the time, found herself thinking: “‘Yes, that’s exactly it.’” READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award Nowadays, Fern’s approach is much more different. Fern said: “But now, I’m older and I’m content so I think, ‘Yeah, I can say these things now. She explained: “I feel that I’m allowed to. “I’ve given myself permission to.” The former This Morning presenter added that there is no one holding her back now and saying: “'Oh don’t tell them that, don’t tell them this'. “Sod it! “Here I am telling you.” The Watercolour Challenge presenter also opened up about her experiences with IVF and disclosed that she missed her children so much while on the Strictly Come Dancing Live tour that she would be found “sobbing backstage”. DON’T MISS:Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project [UPDATE]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [PICTURES] Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [LATEST] Fern also revealed how she went on a special expedition across the UK, which completely changed her attitude to life. She has cycled across the world in countries including India, Russia and China. During a trek from John O’Groats to Lands’ End, the group began discussing relationships and formed a close bond. Fern said: “The women who had come on the trip, particularly from John O’Groats to Lands’ End, as we were cycling down through the UK, started talking about their relationships and their husbands. “Well, they ended up divorced and going for someone else at the end of it. “One lady got to Lands’ End, took off her wedding ring, and threw it into the sea! “Because it brings you back to who you are, back to the woman that you lost when you got married and had children. “It’s our fault, you know, we bury ourselves in domestic life because we are good at it, and we want to do it. “Suddenly we came out of that, and we were swearing and drinking... and you become yourself again.”