Ricky Gervais, 60, has been known for his unforgiving digs at fellow Hollywood stars while hosting the Golden Globes previously. The comedian-turned-actor has now hit out at another awards show as he took aim at the Oscars for their expensive "goody bags", pointing out the way they would make "ordinary", "unemployed" and "poor people" feel. Ricky took to Twitter in view of his 14.6 million followers to tweet the material he would use if he opened the Oscars. He penned: "I'd start with Hello. I hope this show helps cheer up the ordinary people watching at home. "If you’re unemployed for example, take some comfort in the fact that even if you had a job, your salary probably wouldn't be as much as the goody bag all the actors have just been given." He continued: "I'm proud to announce that this is the most diverse and progressive Oscars ever. READ MORE: Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis "Looking out I see people from all walks of life. "Every demographic under the sun. Except poor people obviously. F***k them." Many took to the post's comments to laugh at Ricky's proposed Oscars speech. Mick1122334455 said: "As I said before, Ricky would give the punters at home what they want, which is telling some rude jokes and then calling them all a bunch of c***s. Thanks a lot." DuranLila added: "No poor people, but the rich ones are being allowed to assault comedians for telling jokes. "If #WillSmith were poor, he'd be in cuffs #Oscars." Seumasabheinn commented: "Handing out free plots of land in Scotland too, so Scots can't buy it. Whose idea was this?" Items in the goody bags for the nominees at the awards ranged from high-end snacks and olive oil to a plot of land in Scotland making them Lords and Ladies of Glencoe. DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [PICTURES] Jamie Lee Curtis stuns in reunion with John Travolta as son adopts pup [OSCARS] Piers Morgan tears into US President Joe Biden's 'war gaffes' [OPINION] There was also reportedly a $25,000 (£19,000) project from a construction company, a $15,600 (£11,900) four night stay at a luxury resort, a $15,000 (£11,400) wellness retreat, and more. This led Hollywood stars to be accused of hypocrisy by viewers as they accepted "gross" Oscar bags valued at $140,000 (£106,900) while they continued to preach about the devastation of war in Ukraine. Social media users were outraged at the vast sums of money given away as part of the bags to every Oscar nominee at Sunday night's ceremony. Betsymullen said: "Appalling excess; the funds should have gone to help in the crisis in Ukraine." Sean_cummings added: "Absolutely DISGUSTED by the list of items in this year's Oscar nominee gift bag." Author Larry Sabato said: "Here's an idea: Auction off these lavish gift bags and donate the cash to refugee agencies. "Instead of coddling celebrities, help the poor and war-torn. #StandWithUkraine." This year's Oscars has been under a lot of scrutiny as Will Smith took to the stage to slap comedian Chris Rock as he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith.