Unverified videos shared to social media show smoke coming from the Taganrog military airport, located in the Rostov oblast region of Russia.Local journalist Julian Röpcke claimed that it was caused by an attack from the Ukrainian army. He said that Russians have claimed to have found parts of a used missile, which hit near to an IL-76 - a type of Russian airlifter. Writing on Twitter, he said: "The Ukrainian army attacked Taganrog military airport in Russia's Rostov oblast. #PutinAtWar". He added: "Shelling hit near an Il-76, Russians say, they found parts of the used missile." Russian state media outlet Sputnik also claimed that it was a Ukrainian rocket. They reported that no one was injured from the blast. Meanwhile, an unverified video shared by Crisis Intel shows plumes of smoke coming from the airport. This would mark one of the first successful counterattacks by Ukrainian forces since fighting began on Thursday morning. There were previous reports of a Ukrainian attack on the Russian Millerovo Air Base on the first day of fighting, but this was not confirmed by either side.  /news/world/1573774/Ukraine-Russia-war-British-anti-tank-weapons-Vladimir-Putin-invasion-updates After Putin declared war on Ukraine last week, Russian forces entered the country through Belarus, Crimea and Russian-backed separatist regions. They have launched major assaults on Kyiv, the country's capital, and Kharkiv, Ukraine's second city. However, neither have been successfully captured as Ukrainian forces have fiercely resisted Russian advances. Putin's forces have been accused by the Ukrainians of war crimes, as a number of civilians have been killed in the conflict.  U.N. human rights chief Michelle Bachelet confirmed that 102 civilians, including 7 children, have been killed in Ukraine so far. She said that 304 other civilians have been injured, but said that the figures were likely to underestimate the true total. Ukraine's own human rights commissioner on Sunday put the figure at more than double that, with 210 civilians reported to have been killed in the conflict. Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba confirmed that he would be providing evidence to the International Court of Justice, following the Russian bombing of a Ukrainian nursery. He said: "Today’s Russian attacks on a kindergarten and an orphanage are war crimes and violations of the Rome Statute. "Together with the General Prosecutor’s Office we are collecting this and other facts, which we will immediately send to the Hague. "Responsibility is inevitable." Putin has also been accused of war crimes in his assualt on Kharkiv, as Russian forces allegedly used cluster bombs on civilians in the area. Cluster munitions scatter smaller munitions or bomblets over a wide area, increasing the potential for indiscriminate casualties and damage. More than 100 countries committed never to use the weapons under the Convention on Cluster Munitions, including the UK, but neither Russia nor Ukraine have signed the agreement. Speaking about the bombing of Kharkiv, a military source told the MailOnline: "The BM-21 Grad is a multiple launch rocket system used for 'area denial', dropping cluster bombs on a concentrated area. "It's mainly used on enemy troops before an offensive. "Used against civilians, it’s not only a war crime but has only one purpose – to spread terror and alarm among the civilian population." But Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said the claims were "out of the question."