North Korea has conducted tests on a new intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), according to US officials. US President Joe Biden’s administration has branded this a “serious escalation”. It is introducing new sanctions today, on Friday, in response to continued tests. Pyongyang recently conducted two missile launches. It said these were intended for putting satellites into space. North Korean news agency KCNA, quoted in the Guardian, said the Supreme Leader had ordered the expansion of a satellite launch facility to fire more rockets that could carry satellites with various purposes. It said: “[Kim] stressed that it is the noble duty of our party and space scientists and technicians… to turn the launching ground, associated with our state’s great dream and ambition for a space power, into an ultramodern advanced base.” US officials quoted in the paper were, however, less certain of this stated purpose. John Kirby, the Pentagon spokesman, suggested recent launches were actually intended to test the new ICBM. He said: “Based on analysis of these launches, the United States government has concluded that these launches involved a new ICBM system that the [Democratic People's Republic of Korea] is developing. “This is a serious escalation by the DPRK.” READ MORE: Facebook will not remove 'violent' posts 'targeting Russian invaders' Mr Kirby added: “The purpose of these tests, which did not demonstrate ICBM range, was likely to evaluate this new system before conducting a test at full range in the future, potentially disguised as a space launch.” The Washington Post reported the weapons tested by Kim’s regime had a range of around 1,000 miles. In part in response to testing north of its border, South Korea has made clear its campaign to become a global space and military power to boost defences. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] President Moon Jae-in has announced defence spending is set to hit 315 trillion won (just shy of £200billion) by 2027, according to Nikkei Asia. On his intentions to also become a space power, Moon said late last year: “We will use our launch vehicles to achieve the dream of landing on the moon by 2030.” President Biden has signalled he is prepared to meet Kim for diplomatic talks. But he said this could only occur “when there is a serious agreement on the table”. His administration added that former President Donald Trump’s famous meetings with Kim suggested “summits alone are no guarantee of progress”.