Gareth Bale was the subject of a strongly-worded attack by Marca on Thursday for 'sucking euros' out of Real Madrid - but the Welshman has now angrily hit back at the Spanish outlet. After starring in Wales' 2-1 win over Austria later that day with a brace, the former Tottenham star issued a statement labelling the paper as 'the real parasites' for slamming him in the media. Bale has only made five appearances for Los Blancos this season, scoring once in a 3-3 draw against Levante in August. On a reported wage of £500,000-per-week, he has endured a difficult time in Spain recently and has had a fractured relationship with fans of the Spanish giants over the last couple of seasons. Bale has often come under intense scrutiny in the Spanish press and was subjected to an astonishing attack from Marca, who likened him to a mosquito and called him a 'parasite'. Bale responded by becoming his nation's hero with a superb free-kick and a well-taken strike to put Austria to the sword and maintain Wales' World Cup dream on Thursday night. The 32-year-old hit out at his critics after the match and followed that up on Friday by calling out the press with a strong and lengthy statement on Twitter. "The Daily Mail shining a light on this piece of slanderous, derogatory and speculative journalism by Marca," Bale said on Twitter. "At a time where people are taking their own lives because of the callousness and relentlessness of the media, I want to know, who is holding these journalists and the news outlets that allow them to write articles like this accountable? Fortunately I have developed a thick skin during my time in the public spotlight, but that doesn't mean articles like these don't cause damage and upset personally and professionally to those at the receiving end of these malicious stories. "I have witnessed the toll the media can take on people's mental health and physical health. The media expect superhuman performances from professional athletes, and will be the first to celebrate with them when they deliver, yet instead of commiserating with them when they show an ounce of human error, they are torn to shreds instead, encouraging anger and disappointment in their fans. "The everyday pressures on athletes is immense, and it's as clear as day, how negative media attention could easily send an already stressed athlete, or anybody in the public eye, over the edge. I hope that by the time our children are of an age where they are able to ingest news, that journalism ethics and standards will have been enforced more stringently. "So I want to use my platform to encourage change in the way we publicly talk about, and criticise people, simply for the most part, not meeting the often unrealistic expectations that are projected onto them. We all know who the real Parasite is!" Wales are due to face the winners of Scotland vs Ukraine, which was meant to take place on Thursday evening but got called off because of Russia's invasion of the country, for a place in the Qatar World Cup.