After a long winter of cold, wet weather, your garden lawn may look a little worse for wear. With the worst of the cold weather seemingly out the way, now is the perfect time to give your lawn some welcome TLC. A green, healthy-looking lawn can completely transform a garden in the spring months, but it’s not always clear how to achieve it. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with UK Lawn Care Group expert, Josh McNicholas. Mr McNicholas shared his key tips to a “stunning” lawn in time for summer. He said: “Spring is officially here and that means one thing, your grass is growing. “Now is the time to prepare your lawn for the summer and get it in immaculate condition.” READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  One of the first things gardeners need to do is remove any moss that has built up over the winter months. The lawn care expert said if gardeners don’t remove moss it can “run wild” and “take over your lawn”. Luckily, removing moss a “really easy” task, if you use the right products. Mr McNicholas recommended applying Weapon Of Moss Destruction. DON'T MISSLaundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [INSIGHT]Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [UPDATE]Garden weeds: Use Epsom salt to ‘effectively’ kill weeds - ‘amazing!’ [ANALYSIS] He said: “This is one of the strongest moss killers available on the domestic market and gets to work in a matter of hours. “You can apply it using a hand spreader or by hand. “Once down, simply water it in and watch it turn all your moss black.” Other ways to remove moss include Westland Aftercut All In One Lawn Feed, Weed & Moss Killer, Evergreen Complete Spreader 4 In 1 and Miracle-Gro EverGreen Mosskill Liquid Concentrate. The gardening expert said after 24 hours the moss will have died and will be ready for removal. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Removing the moss can be done with a hand rake or a scarifier, which can be hired from a local landscaping supply company. Mr McNicholas added: “This will not only remove the dead moss but it will also remove any thatch that has built up in your lawn.” Once the moss has been removed, the lawn will be able to breathe and drainage will be improved, allowing for new grass to grow. Gardeners will also need to reseed patches where moss has taken over. To do this, gardeners need to rake the area they want to seed.  This allows the seeds to have better contract with the ground and helps them get established. First, apply the lawn seed before then applying a pre-seed formula (if using). Next, cover the area with a light dressing of top soil. Top soil can be purchased from a local hardware store, garden centre or the garden section of any supermarket or DIY store. Once lightly covered, keep the new seed well-watered for the first few weeks. TotalLawn have a “Seed Your Lawn” bundle, which includes a grass seed mix and a pre-seed formula. Other options include Gro Sure Fast Acting Lawn Seed, Miracle Gro Patch Magic Grass Seed, Miracle-Gro Hard Wearing Lawn Seed or MOOWY Quick Repair Grass Seed.