 On Sunday, ITV’s Dancing On Ice came to an end with Regan Gascoigne being crowned winner in this year’s competition. All three routines were praised by the judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill and the dancer skated away scoring perfect 10s throughout the night. However, some of the show’s viewers were left feeling short-changed when Holly Willoughby announced the winner, with some claiming he had an advantage over the other competing celebrities.    After Pussycat Dolls member Kimberly Wyatt came third place in the show, Brendan Cole and Regan battled it out with their take on the Bolero. After both celebrities skated their final routine, the pair stood on either side of hosts, Holly and Phillip Schofield. Shortly after announcing the 26-year-old’s name, ITV viewers expressed their anger on social media. Many insisted it was unfair Regan had won and all three finalists were professional dancers. On Twitter, @TuppenceHapenc wrote: “What’s the point of #DancingOnIce #doi if all the finalists are trained dancers?" READ MORE:Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales  They added: “However glad to see that Big Head Brendan didn’t win.” (sic) The young dancer sparked criticism after his past experience was said to put the reality star at an advantage over the other contenders. Jack raged: “Can’t wait to see a professional dancer win this show that apparently celebrates non-professionals having a go at a new skill. AGAIN." Another viewer, Lola, shared: “Remember when Dancing On Ice was about a group of random celebrities learning to skate and dance, improving each week.   “This year a final of 3 professional dancers was won by a professional dancer,” they stated. @sukavi2011 echoed: “Its unfair they have professional dancers who have more of an advantage than others  #DancingOnIce.” While Kerry mocked: “The professional dancers won?!?!?! didn't see that coming…” Speaking after his win was announced, Regan was speechless but was able to admit he couldn't believe he'd won.   His mother Sheryl and sister Bianca Gascoigne were shown in the audience cheering the TV star on. Despite having the support of his dad Paul Gascoigne, the former footballer was missing for the final. Meanwhile, Brendan received a special message from Strictly co-star Anton Du Beke ahead of his second performance. The dancer, who used to work closely on the BBC programme alongside Brendan, surprised his close pal with a video message.  As soon as the video appeared on screen, the New Zealand star began to well up beside his partner Vanessa Bauer and cried: “Oh stop it you lot!” Anton shared his support with the dancer and gushed over his “brilliant” routines. But little did Brendan know, the footage also featured messages from his sister Vanessa and wife Zoe along with a heartfelt message from his two children. Reflecting on his time on the show, Brendan claimed his journey was more than just learning to skate and beamed over his partner for her support throughout. Dancing on Ice 2022 episodes are available to stream on ITV Hub