Coleen and fellow Loose Women presenters Ruth Langsford, Judi Love and Linda Robson covered everything from the Oscars to government policy on Tuesday's show. Discussing a potential buy-one-get-one-free ban placed on fast foods and other products deemed unhealthy, host Coleen used the segment to comment on Boris Johnson. Moving on from a celebrity look-alike section where the panel revealed who they had been mistaken for in the past, they tackled the current living costs in the UK. To help promote healthy eating and tackle obesity, the four TV personalities dived into the potential governmental ban that was set to become law for supermarkets in October. It has come under fire as many households rely on cheaper food costs to survive due to loss of work, living on a single household income or needing additional support. Discussing budgeting for BOGOF offers as a treat, Ruth said: "Who are the Government to say that you shouldn't or can't do that?" Read More: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the village as clue dropped   Judi added: "I know the Government have a lot of their own treats." Bouncing off of Judi's statement about issues with space within the NHS, Ruth replied: "Of all the things happening, you want to scrap the buy-one-get-one-free offer?" This is when Coleen spoke up, saying: "Which Boris looks like he has a lot of [pause] buy-one-get-one-frees, let's be honest. "He doesn't look like he has been on the healthy option," Ruth quipped.   Many viewers outraged by Coleen's comment united online to share their thoughts. Fan of the show @fordy1952 called out the star, tweeting: "Bit personal that Coleen...pot etc #loosewomen." (sic) Viewer Ragan Burrows was less than impressed with Coleen and said: "Not Coleen Nolan fat-shaming Boris Johnson should really be ashamed of herself. "@loosewomen all about empowering and supporting women but not men. Make it make sense." (sic) DON’T MISS…'No room for mistakes' Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [LATEST]Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]Laura Kuenssberg replaces Andrew Marr on Sunday Morning show 'It's an honour' [LATEST]  Kaitlyn Murphy echoed Regan, adding: "Would Coleen like it if Boris made fun of her weight on TV? "Don't think so. #LooseWomen." Francesca Wilson chimed in: "This is why #LooseWomen is just so contradictory. "Casually fat-shaming the PM (doesn’t matter who they are anyway to begin with -political views aside).   "Imagine if that was said towards a woman disgusting tbh stay in your own lane." (sic) Although he angered many onlookers, several mentioned how they wanted answers from the government and related to Judi when she said she remembered a time when money was tight. @1madwoman1962 said: "The English government needs to get a life @loosewomen." @PurpleAutumn added her insight to the situation: "I think families would be better off with BOGOF offers on everyday kitchen essentials, not junk food that lasts 5 minutes #LooseWomen." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.