The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are currently embarking on a royal tour of the Caribbean, with Jamaica being the second stop out of the three countries they are visiting. In his address, the future King expressed his “profound sorrow” over the troubling legacy of slavery and praised the “determination, courage and fortitude” of the Jamaican people.  Speaking to dignitaries at the residence of the Governor-General of Jamaica, the Duke of Cambridge said: “‘I’m delighted that a national monument acknowledging and celebrating the Windrush generation by Jamaican artist Basil Watson, will be unveiled later this year in Waterloo Station in London.” Prince William added: “We are forever grateful for the immense contribution that this generation and their descendants have made to British life, which continues to enrich and improve our society.” Basil Watson, born in the Jamaican capital Kingston in 1958, is an internationally renowned sculptor and has completed commissions all over the world. William’s speech may have addressed the pain left behind by slavery but the Duke failed to issue an apology for the British monarchy’s role in the mistreatment and torture of thousands of black slaves, according to the Mirror.  The Duke said to the dignitaries present “I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened. “While the pain runs deep, Jamaica continues to forge its future with determination, courage and fortitude. “The strength and shared sense of purpose of the Jamaican people, represented in your flag and motto, celebrate an invincible spirit.”  READ MORE: POLL: Is Commonwealth waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? His address made links to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine and the suffering of its people under the Russian invasion. He continued: “Over the decades, Jamaica has witnessed huge change. “But what hasn’t changed is the irrefutable Jamaican belief in upholding democracy and working together with other nations in support of peace, security and international law.  DON'T MISS:William ‘charms’ children during visit to Jamaican teaching college [LATEST] Andrea Leadsom leads charge on shale gas amid energy price surge [UK ENERGY]Prince William condemns Britain's 'abhorrent' role in slave trade [SPOTLIGHT] “Prime Minister, your strong statement condemning the invasion of Ukraine is testament to that. “Catherine and I were deeply moved by the plight of the Jamaican students who have recently returned safely from Ukraine. “Their experiences are a reminder of the terrifying toll and inequality of war and conflicts across the world, which we must never forget.” 