Lewis Hamiton was caught out by another FIA decision which stopped him getting more points in Saudi Arabia, according to David Coulthard. Coulthard has warned the FIA were a “little slow” to decide whether to throw a virtual safety car and close the pitlane after cars had broken down on the track. Daniel Ricciardo and Fernando Alonso had both stopped on the slip road into the pits and race officials threw a virtual safety car moments later. However, the decison whether to neutralise the race and close the pit lane was confused with some teams capitalising and some missing out. Nico Hulkenberg managed to stop just before the decision was made and it looked like Mercedes could also benefit. Hamilton's engineers called him in but Hamilton had already passed the pit entrance. A lap later the pits were closed and Hamilton missed out, meaning he had to stop under green flag conditions. He said: “For them, that actual uncertainty over the car stopping just before the entry to the pitlane, they were like ‘do we bring them in, do we not’. READ MORE: New Hamilton footage shows Brit's gutted reaction after Saudi GP "‘Are they going to close the pitlane, are they not?’ I think the FIA in fairness to Mercedes, were a little bit slow to make the decisions. "I think there’s an element of ‘let’s not make the wrong knee-jerk reaction, let’s really analyse it and then make a decision’. So by the time they’d made the call we heard Lewis on the radio saying I’ve just missed the pit in. "So strategically they were on the back foot. I think they can just be happy to get two cars in the points.” DON'T MISSMercedes could bring upgrade to Australian Grand Prix [INSIGHT]Mercedes make a massive prediction about Lewis Hamilton's 2022 car [ANALYSIS]Mercedes boss Toto Wolff reveals Lewis Hamilton regret after Saudi GP [COMMENT] Before his pitstop, Hamilton was running well inside the points in sixth. However, he emerged from his stop in 12th and could only salvage a tenth-placed finish in the closing laps. It means Hamilton is now 29 points behind Ferrari's Charles Leclerc in the drivers’ standings. His bid to secure his eighth title now looks an uphill battle after only just two races. After the race, Hamilton said he got “unlucky” with how the VSC affected his race. He said: “We were unlucky with how the VSC played out at the end but I was giving it everything. Yesterday made the weekend so much harder and I take that on my shoulders. “It’s gutting but we need to keep fighting, it’s all we can do – I know I’ve got a great team and we’ll just keep our heads down."