During his time at Mercedes, Valtteri Bottas was often seen playing second fiddle to teammate Lewis Hamilton, and it is fair to say that this was more than the case when meeting a group of fans at 2019 United States Grand Prix. Former British driver Anthony Davidson featured in last week’s Sky Sports pre-season coverage in Bahrain, ahead of the 2022 season opener. During the coverage, the Sky Sports F1 team were discussing encounters with fans, and the 42-year-old revealed a hilarious story regarding former Mercedes man and new Alfa Romeo star Bottas. The anecdote included Bottas, a lift and a group of American racing fans at the United States Grand Prix back in 2019. Hilariously Davidson revealed that the Finnish star was questioned by the group of supporters if he worked for his former employer Mercedes after donning the Silver Arrows kit, and who he was supporting in the race that weekend. Discussing the story the Brit revealed: “One of the best stories I’ve ever heard from a driver – from Bottas in fact, it was him telling us this story – so in Austin two years ago, some American fans get into the lift with him and they see the Mercedes kit he’s wearing. They asked him ‘what do you do?’ and you don’t want to say ‘I’m the driver’ so he just said ‘I work with the team,’ and he asked them ‘who do you want to win?” JUST IN: Toto Wolff must revisit first Lewis Hamilton encounter to 'prove' Mercedes credentials Davidson then revealed that the group claimed to be fans of Lewis Hamilton, but couldn’t however remember who his Mercedes teammate was, despite him standing right before their eyes. He continued: “[They said] 'oh Lewis Hamilton, yeah [he’s] great, yeah we can’t remember the other guy, but Lewis Hamilton what a great guy, we hope he wins,’ and they asked him ‘who do you want to win?’ and he says ‘the other guy’”. Ironically Bottas went on to secure victory that weekend in Austin in what was his seventh Formula 1 win of his career, after coming out on top over his teammate Hamilton who came just behind in second place. However, the Finn’s Mercedes days are now behind him, as he heads into the new campaign racing for Alfa Romeo for 2022 alongside teammate Guanyu Zhou. Ahead of this weekend’s season opener, Bottas revealed he is ready to ‘start a new chapter’ in his career. DON'T MISSHill offers advice to Russell as doubt raised on Mercedes prospectsMercedes' 'illegal’ mirrors still on Hamilton's carGeorge Russell ‘putting every minute' into beating Lewis Hamilton Per the Alfa Romeo website, he said: “This race is the start of a new chapter in my career and I am confident I can achieve the goals I set together with the team. I’ve been impressed by the work ethic I’ve found since I first got to Hinwil and by the work we did over the winter: we encountered some issues in testing, but I know we’re on top of them and we can focus on achieving the best possible result on Sunday. “It’s going to be a long season and it’s still a bit of a question mark in terms of where everyone stands: I think everyone is looking forward to a bit more clarity this weekend! “The important thing, however, is that we keep working to unlock all the potential of the C42 and we focus on having a clean weekend: this way, we will maximise our chances to come home with a good result to start our season. I believe in this team and I believe we can achieve so much if we work hard together.”