Manchester United owner Joel Glazer’s stance on Cristiano Ronaldo has surfaced after the veteran’s brilliant treble against Tottenham on Saturday. The Red Devils went into the match hoping to boost their chances of qualifying for next season’s Champions League. And they did just that, with their No 7 playing a starring role. Ronaldo has been criticised at times this season after returning from Juventus back in the summer. Yet the Portugal international silenced his critics with a storming performance against Tottenham, netting three times to help his side claim victory. It was like the Ronaldo of old, with the 37-year-old tormenting Spurs throughout the showdown at Old Trafford. His first goal was a screamer from outside the box, a strike bearing resemblance to his memorable effort against Porto back in 2009. For his second, Ronaldo was able to tap in from close range after a pinpoint pass from Jadon Sancho. And the veteran secured his hat-trick with a trademark header, out-jumping Tottenham defender Cristian Romero in the process. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Now, The Athletic claim Glazer sanctioned a deal for Ronaldo back in the summer because the American hoped he’d be another Tom Brady. Glazer, who co-owns the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, sanctioned a deal for Brady for his NFL team in the hope he’d secure Super Bowl glory. And the veteran did exactly that, delivering the prize at the first time of asking. Brady was present at Old Trafford for the match with Tottenham, with the 44-year-old snapped talking with Ronaldo after the game. And he’s now performed a U-turn over his NFL retirement, saying on social media: "These past two months I've realised my place is still on the field and not in the stands. "That time will come. But it's not now. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “I love my team-mates, and I love my supportive family. “They make it all possible. I'm coming back for my 23rd season in Tampa." Glazer will be hoping Ronaldo can propel United to Champions League glory just like Brady did with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Super Bowl. The Red Devils are next in action against Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night, with the tie in the balance after a 1-1 draw in Spain. Ronaldo has often scored against Diego Simeone’s side, often haunting them during his time at Real Madrid. And he’ll be aiming to fire United through to the quarter-finals of the competition when he steps onto the field at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United boss Ralf Rangnick was asked about Ronaldo after his electric performance against Tottenham. And he praised his No 7 afterwards, insisting it was the forward’s best performance since his appointment. “Cristiano is an important player, of course,” Rangnick said. “With his reputation and with the way he can still play, he has influence on the team for sure. “But there are also other players in the team who have to take responsibility, who have to perform, who can be leaders of the team. “He can be a leader with a performance like today. "This is what I've been telling him since I arrived - that with a performance like today he can be one of the engines of the team. “But we have quite a few other players who can do the same, including Fred, Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof, whoever. “Even Edi [Edinson Cavani] when he came on [for] the last 10 or 15 minutes showed how important and what kind of role he can still play for the team. “I wish him to be available until the end of the season. It was a big shame and also not good for our team to not have him available in the last six weeks.”