Since President Putin launched Russia’s onslaught on Ukraine, the European Union has paid over $16 billion to Moscow for fossil fuel imports. According to data shared by the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA), an independent research organisation $5 million was spent on oil imports while around $9.5 million was spent on gas. The data also shows $385 million went to coal imports. This dependency on Russia has given Vladimir Putin dangerous leverage over Europe, according to Scottish broadcaster Andrew Neil. On Monday, he took to Twitter to shame Europe for giving “more money for the Putin war machine” through the purchase of Russian gas, which European regions rely on. The former editor of the Sunday Times wrote: “European gas benchmark price has closed at its lowest level since Feb 25. Why? Mild weather — and rising RUSSIAN gas supplies. More money for the Putin war machine. From Europe.” A follower of Mr Neil wrote in response that European countries who are dependent on Russian gas supplies may face complications in switching, and could be looking towards other countries' supplies to meet demands instead. The user, called Jane wrote: “I do imagine that European countries dependent on Russian gas and oil are doing everything they can at the moment to change that - its a poor situation and many Germany people went onto the streets weeks ago saying they would rather have no heat than war in Ukraine.” Europe's dependence on Russia to keep its economy running and its homes warm has been harshly criticised since the invasion of Ukraine began in late February. Russia accounts for around 40 percent of the European Union’s gas demand, with a third of these of those shipments transiting Ukraine. READ MORE: Russia laying MINES around Kyiv in desperate attempt to clinch victory The continent was facing a supply crunch even before the conflict, due to low storage levels that elevated prices. Mr Neil’s offence towards the bloc came as European Natural Gas Futures – a contract obligating the buyer to purchase a specific quantity of natural gas at a future date and price – fell to its lowest price since the first days of the crisis in Ukraine. Gas prices have returned to a more settled rate following unprecedented volatility after the start of the war in Ukraine last month. The push down of prices has been caused by a combination of a warm-weather forecast across Northern Europe and strong imports of liquefied natural gas. Dutch futures, the European benchmark, has fallen 8.3 percent to 96.30 euros per megawatt-hour. The figure marks the lowest settlement price since February 25, the second day of Putin’s enforced conflict in Ukraine. DON'T MISS Guy Verhofstadt slammed after wading into Brexit freedoms row [INSIGHT] Musk sparks Russian fury by humiliating Putin in space [REVEAL] Germany signs contract to INCREASE gas reliance despite EU fury [REPORT] In contrast, the UK equivalent declined 8.4 percent. It comes as warmer weather approaches and Russian flows across the country remain steady. In recent weeks, the public has been widely concerned about the security of gas supply amid the ongoing Russia-Ukraine crisis, but the biggest issue was the high gas prices set by international markets. A factsheet detailing the impact of the crisis on the British energy industry by the British Government notes: “Unlike other countries in Europe, the UK is in no way dependent on Russian gas supply.” It later adds: “Imports from Russia made up less than 4% of total UK gas supply in 2021”. However, traders across Europe fear there could be potential disruptions in flows of gas supplies, potentially caused by an escalation of international sanctions to isolate Moscow. The EU and allies have already imposed hefty measures against Russia, including freezing its central bank's assets. Thus far, the bloc has been reluctant to penalise gas and oil flows from the country, however as Russia's invasion is now in its fourth week the EU faces calls for action. Even while Russian forces continue their assault on the country, Ukraine’s largest state-owned gas company said it would continue shipping the fuel to Europe as long as it’s “technically possible”. Shipments across Ukraine remained stable on Monday, however further conflict could cause physical damage to the transport infrastructure in Ukraine.