Jack Wilshere has delivered a snub to the supporters of former side Arsenal by claiming the fans of his new club are the "best I've ever seen". Wilshere signed a short-term deal with Danish Superliga side Aarhus last month. The 30-year-old had been training with Arsenal since last October to maintain his fitness. Wilshere made his debut for Aarhus as a late substitute last Friday in a dramatic 3-2 defeat to Vejle Boldklub. But despite coming out on the losing side, he was seriously impressed by the support his team got. Wilshere told talkSPORT: “Our fans, I will say they are the best I’ve ever seen. In the warm up they were there singing right from the warm-up. “They had 2,500 fans there."  Wilshere has always been a favourite with Arsenal supporters but this snub may not go down well with the Emirates faithful. The former England international also described the Vejle pitch as one of the worst he has played on due to consistent poor weather conditions of late in Denmark. He added: “We played bottom of the league and the conditions over here have been bad. We’ve had a storm and it’s been raining ever since. “It was the same on Friday night. We played against a team who just didn’t play. Every time they got the ball from the back and they were going long. DON'T MISSMan Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood [SOCIAL]Man Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]Everton fan 'walks away' from medical emergency that halted Boreham Wood FA Cup clash [NEWS]  “We kind of got sucked into playing that way, and that’s not the way we play. “We still should have won the game.” Vejle scored their winner in the 10th minute of added time after floodlight failure at the stadium led to a delay. “It was a proper debut,” Wilshere continued. “It was end-to-end and was 2-2. It was the worst pitch I’ve ever seen.  “Then, halfway through the second half, bang… the floodlights go out. “Everyone went back into the dressing room, there was a 15 or 16 minute delay and then back out. “When I came on [in the 90th minute] there was still 15 minutes added on. “It was really about 72 minutes [when I came on]. They scored a set piece and as you know… I’m average height… but they are quite tall over here and I can’t do much on set pieces.” Aarhus are back in action on Monday when they host struggling FC Nordsjaelland. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 