Tottenham’s Premier League clash with West Ham descended into chaos on Sunday after Just Stop Oil protesters attempted to tie themselves to the goalposts. Activists have brought a number of games to a halt in recent days, including Everton's late win over Newcastle in midweek. Tottenham are desperately trying to secure a top-four Premier League finish and book their place in next season’s Champions League. And Antonio Conte’s side took the lead inside the opening 10 minutes against the Hammers as Kurt Zouma turned Harry Kane’s cross into his own net. Son Heung-min doubled the hosts’ advantage midway through the first half, before Said Benrahma pulled a goal back for the visitors before the break. Both sides were looking for a cutting edge in the second half, with West Ham also retaining hopes of claiming fourth spot. But the match took a rather eventful turn as a handful of protestors headed for both goals in an attempt to disrupt proceedings in the second period. The protesters were eventually led away by stewards before the game resumed. And Son added a third late on as Spurs secured a 3-1 win. READ MORE: Chelsea bidding war hots up as favourite agrees to 'emulate Liverpool'   On Thursday night, Everton’s Premier League clash with Newcastle was brought to a temporary stop after another Just Stop Oil protester tied themselves to a goalpost. On that occasion, the individual responsible was adorned with a bright orange t-shirt promoting the slogan, “just stop oil.” And some of Sunday’s protesters were wearing the same t-shirts. “Today, a young supporter of Just Stop Oil ran onto the pitch during the Everton vs Newcastle game to draw attention to the group's demand that the Government must end all new fossil fuel supply projects,” wrote the Just Stop Oil Twitter account last week. “Louis, 21, locked on to the goalpost at Goodison Park wearing a Just Stop Oil t-shirt, causing the referee to briefly stop play.” DON'T MISS: Liverpool backed to finish 10 points behind Man City in title race (INSIGHT)Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be regretting January transfer call (TRANSFERS)Klopp’s 4 options as Liverpool “change systems” after Trent injury (ANALYSIS)     On that occasion, Merseyside Police arrested the man. “We can confirm a man was arrested after encroaching on to the pitch during the Everton v Newcastle United Premier League fixture,” said Merseyside Police. “At around 8.55pm it was reported that a man disrupted the match by running on to the pitch and tying himself to the goal post at the Howard Kendall Gwladys Street End. “The suspect, a 21-year-old man, has been arrested on suspicion of pitch encroachment and he is now in police custody. The game resumed and has now concluded.” And last Wednesday, another protester attempted to attach themselves to a goalpost during Arsenal’s Premier League clash with Liverpool. But stewards were able to prevent an escalation in that instance. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 