While supermarket shoppers are witnessing their food bills soar by £180 a year, one woman from greater London is helping people save money. Kate Hall told Express.co.uk that people could save £720 a year just by making a few simple changes. Like most mums, 36-year-old Kate found it hard to cook fresh food from scratch for her family especially after a long day at work. She first started freezing individual items of food back in 2019 when she was on maternity leave. Kate recalls: “I kept buying fresh food with good intentions, only for it to go off before I could use it. “I then had a light-bulb moment that if I could freeze a meal, I could surely freeze the ingredients that went into the meal.” READ MORE: Capital gains tax: 10 ways to pay less tax to HMRC It’s a simple concept but not one that enough people are taking advantage of. The typical family is throwing away £730 worth of food a year - which works out at £60 a month. However, if they froze individual ingredients to use later it would save people from throwing hundreds of pounds worth of food away. Kate is the founder of The Full Freezer - a business that helps people reduce their food waste and cook from scratch by using their home freezers more effectively. DON'T MISS:Motorists hit as new cars cost £5,000 more and petrol prices rise [WARNING]Martin Lewis shares the ‘top’ easy access savings account [UPDATE]Couple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt [INSIGHT] The entrepreneur wants to have a positive impact on the planet as well as help people save money. Kate said: “I have a variety of hacks and techniques that I use to make it as quick and convenient to use the frozen ingredients at the other end of the process. “I'm also Level 3 Food Safety and Hygiene certified, so I provide advice to make sure people stay safe when using their freezers this way. “My freezer is a bit like a filing cabinet of food!” Kate shares her hacks and techniques on her blog TheFullFreezer.com and says following her tips could help people eliminate waste entirely. What’s more, she says it's just as healthy to eat food that has been frozen. Kate explains: “The nutritional value of food deteriorates the older the food is and the more it is processed. “If you buy frozen vegetables, often they have been frozen within hours of being harvested, and so the nutritional value is locked in.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Kate has some suggestions for others looking to try The Full Freezer method: “If you are freezing ingredients in your own home, then the best way to maximise the nutritional value is to buy local produce and freeze it as soon as possible. “Understanding the difference between best before dates (which are for quality purposes), and use by dates (which are there for our safety) is really helpful. “You can freeze almost everything - the key is just knowing how best to freeze things, and how to use them after freezing - which is where I come in.” Kate recently appeared on Steph’s Packed Lunch on Channel 4 sharing her useful hacks and recipes many of which can also be downloaded from TheFullFreezer.com.  