Netflix is increasing prices for all UK subscribers, with the basic and standard plans increasing by £1 to £6.99 and £10.99, respectively. Meanwhile, the premium tier, which includes the ability to watch on four screens simultaneously and watch in 4K Ultra HD quality, rises by £2 to £15.99 a month. The price hikes follow a similar move in the United States. But satellite company Sky, which includes a subscription to Netflix as part of its basic bundle of channels, has not tweaked the cost of its subscription. For £26 a month, you'll get the award-winning Sky Q set-top box, a basic Netflix subscription (now worth £6.99 a month), access to 500 on-demand boxsets from some of the biggest US networks, as well as live channels like Sky Atlantic, Sky Crime, Sky Sports News, Comedy Central, MTV, Discovery Channel, and many more. This bundle also includes access to exclusive shows from US-only streaming service Peacock, including Bel-Air, Joe vs Carole, and Girls 5 Eva. In future, you'll also be able to watch shows from Paramount+, another US-only rival to Netflix with a catalogue of exclusive shows and movies. The Sky Q box is capable of pausing and rewinding live television. It also boasts a wide array of streaming services, including Netflix (which is included in your subscription) as well as apps for Disney+, Apple TV+, Prime Video, a number of fitness apps and Spotify. Searching on the Sky Q box will trawl through the selection of live channels, Sky Store, as well as any streaming services signed-in on the box. This will ensure that you don't pay to rent something on the Sky Store that's included as part of your subscription to Disney+, for example. Sky Q supports films and live sports in 4K Ultra HD – the highest picture quality currently available from most broadcasters. Sky Q ships with a Voice Remote, which boasts a microphone to enable spoken commands. If you don't fancy typing with the alphanumeric keypad on the remote, you can use the microphone to ask for your favourite actor, show, film title, or director. Sky has also programmed its set-top box with a number of movie quotes, so shouting "Show Me The Money!" will summon Jerry Maguire, for example. Sky hasn't confirmed whether it's £26 a month bundle will increase at a later date, but for now, those who add this deal to their basket will be locked-in at that price for the next 18-months. Speaking about the price rise, which has already kicked-in for new subscribers, a spokesperson for Netflix revealed: "We have always been focused on providing our members both quality and clear value for their membership. Our updated prices reflect the investment we have made in our service and catalogue, and will allow us to continue making the series, documentaries and films our members love as well as investing in talent and the creative industry. We offer a range of plans so members can choose a price that works best for them." MORE LIKE THISBest Sky TV Deals In The UK