A Norwegian computer expert has created a website that allows anyone to send an email about the war in Ukraine to up to 150 Russian email addresses at a time. The spam email with the subject line 'Ya vam ne vrag' – meaning I am not your enemy – implores the Russian people to reject the war and seek out the truth about Russia’s invasion by getting their news from non-state run media services. Written in Russian with an English translation, the email begins: "Dear friend, I am writing to you to express my concern for the secure future of our children on this planet. Most of the world has condemned Putin's invasion of Ukraine." More than 22 million of the emails have already been sent to Russian inboxes since the campaign was launched by a small team in Norway. The emails are sent by volunteers around the world to help Ukraine and try to show the Russian public the truth about President Vladimir Putin’s unprovoked invasion. Fabian, who did not share his name due to concerns for retaliation from the Russian authorities, said he came up with the idea after becoming increasingly anxious about the possibility of a third World War, the BBC reported. He said: "During the Second World War, and in earlier wars, people flew over Germany with leaflets and dropped them out. This is just a more modern way of trying to get people to open their eyes.” The 50-year-old Norwegian, who runs a computer network business, said he estimated that tens of thousands of volunteers have already used the website since it went live. He and a team of five colleagues worked late into the night last weekend to get the website up and running. The site allows users to send a templated message to dozens of Russian email addresses at a time in an attempt to combat Russia’s censorship of the war. He and his colleagues trawled the internet for known Russian email addresses to compile a list of 90 million accounts. READ MORE: Putin wipes out entire Ukrainian city of Volnovakha Volunteers can contact up to 150 people at one time and can personalise the message. Fabian explained that using personal email accounts increases the likelihood of emails getting through spam filters and being read by Russians at the other end. A number of volunteers have even received responses from Russians, he said, in hopeful signs that the innovative idea could be a success. The website is one of the many schemes launched by people around the globe in the past two weeks in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on 24 February. Teams of international hackers including the Anonymous group, activists and members of the public have been showing their support for Ukraine and thinking of new ways to combat Russian propaganda. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Truss ‘100 percent prepared’ to trigger Article 16 [LIVE]Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals [LATEST]'Kick in the teeth!' State pension age 'MUST be kept at 66' [BREAKING] Ukraine’s secretary of digital affairs wrote on Twitter that the country was “creating an IT army” just days before the invasion, with digitally savvy volunteers constantly coming up with new ideas to weaken Russia in any way possible. Fabian said his website has faced a number of cyberattacks since it launched, which the team have had to fend off to keep the site live. He said he will continue trawling the internet for more Russian email addresses once volunteers had exhausted the 90 million already being used. He said: “It's literally a war. You have to stand up for what you believe in. And I believe in this."