Gardeners’ World lead host Monty Don appeared on the third instalment of the 2022 series on Friday. On the show, Monty shared how to prune roses, harvest rhubarb and grow rocket. The 66-year-old also shared three gardening jobs to do this weekend. Sage is a popular herb that often appears in British herb gardens. The herb can be used in a plethora of recipes and often do well in containers. Monty said “now is the right time” to cut back the herb. He continued: “Sage is a Mediterranean herb that wants to become a very woody shrub unless you cut it back hard. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  “Be brave and go back as low as you possibly can, but leaving some signs of growth. “Then it will very quickly develop new leaves. “That will be delicious in the kitchen.” Sage can be harvested all year, sown from March to May and planted in June and July.  DON'T MISSLaundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [INSIGHT]Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [UPDATE]Garden weeds: Use Epsom salt to ‘effectively’ kill weeds - ‘amazing!’ [ANALYSIS] For those who grow strawberries, now is the time to give them attention after a long winter. Monty said: “Cut back any dead growth and remove any faded or old leaves. “Then mulch, preferably using garden compost or good quality soil. “This should set them up for summer.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea  Strawberries can be planted from March through to May and will produce fruit from June to September. Autumn-fruiting raspberries produce flowers and fruit on the current season's growth. They need to be cut back now for them to produce fruit from August through to November. Monty explained: “All of last year’s shoots can be cut down to the ground.  “Mine are very young so there isn't a lot to cut back. “But on established plants, this will mean removing quite a lot of shoots.” The new canes will start to grow in spring. Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer