Camilla has recently recovered from a bout of Covid but has been left with a slight cough and it is understood she is pacing herself after her illness. But the Duchess' cancelled visit was the second missed appearance in a week after she was due to appear at a Commonwealth event on Monday. The Mail on Sunday’s Editor at Large Charlotte Griffiths explained Camilla has been "working her socks off". Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Ms Griffiths said: "We forget that Camilla is actually 74. "With Harry and Meghan leaving it means there is a lot more work on her plate. "She has a reputation for being worked harder and in recent years she's worked her socks off. "She does engagement after engagement. READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Where's Harry? Major new plan puts Meghan front and centre "She's got long Covid, it's pretty bad actually and standing on your heels all day. "Poor Camilla, she doesn't have room to fall apart because it's a relentless schedule and it's a reminder of how hard the Queen has been working all these years." The duchess, 74, tested positive for Covid on Valentine's Day and caught the virus for the first time just days after Charles contracted the illness for a second time. Camilla is triple vaccinated but appears to be taking a precautionary approach following the illness which has seen cases rise in recent days. The Queen has also recently recovered from a bout of Covid and returned to in-person royal events, and her cousin the Duke of Gloucester missed the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey after testing positive. It comes as Camilla has been made royal patron of the National Theatre by the Queen - the first of the Duchess of Sussex's former patronages to be taken over. Former actress Meghan was stripped of the prestigious role as part of the post-Megxit review. DON'T MISS Queen Elizabeth II: One person monarch allowed to use her name exposed [VIDEO]Prince Harry getting 'bad advice' over security demands [INSIGHT]Queen and Prince Philip in heated row with US Secret Service [ANALYSIS] The new duty for Camilla is another sign of the Queen's faith in her daughter-in-law, who she endorsed as a future Queen Consort while marking her historic Platinum Jubilee last month. The National Theatre said it was delighted Camilla, a long-standing supporter for the arts, had been given the role, describing her as a devoted fan of theatre and champion of literature and drama. Rufus Norris, director and joint chief executive of the National Theatre, said: "It is a privilege to welcome the Duchess of Cornwall as the National Theatre's Royal Patron. "The duchess shares our belief that theatre enriches our lives in so many ways and that everyone should have access to the arts and creativity no matter where they are in the world. "The duchess has shown great support to our industry throughout the pandemic, and I look forward to working with Her Royal Highness for many years to come. "I would also like to express my thanks to the Queen for Her Majesty's long and unwavering support and service to the National Theatre."