Mr Macron told French radio he could not use such words because the West should not be seeking to escalate the conflict. He said: "Our aim is to stop the war without fighting one." He added his next phone call with Putin, to seek backing for a French-Turkish and Greek humanitarian mission to evacuate the beseiged city of Mariupol, could take place on Monday or Tuesday. Mr Macron said on France 3 TV channel the West's objective was to obtain a cease fire and the withdrawal of troops through diplomatic means. He added: "If this is what we want to do, we should not escalate things - neither with words nor actions." French foreign minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told the Doha Forum international conference on Sunday there would be collective guilt if nothing was done to help civilians in Mariupol.  Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said on Sunday that Kyiv and Moscow have agreed two humanitarian corridors to evacuate civilians from frontline areas, including people from Mariupol who leave by private car. Far-right French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen said she backed Mr Macron's approach. She said: "Obviously, those are words that add oil to the fire. The fact that the president of the Republic is not entering into this escalation is a good thing." The US president called Putin a butcher who "cannot remain in power" on Saturday after meeting Ukrainian refugees in Poland.  READ MORE ABOUT KATE MIDDLETON'S MUM'S HEARTBREAKING FEAR A White House official said the remarks were meant to prepare the world's democracies for extended conflict over Ukraine, insisting it was not to back regime change in Russia. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken rowed back from the comment on Sunday, telling reporters: "I think the President, the White House made the point last night that, quite simply, President Putin cannot be empowered to wage war or engage in aggression against Ukraine or anyone else." Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Sunday: "The president of Russia is elected by Russians." "This speech - and the passages which concern Russia - is astounding, to use polite words. He doesn't understand that the world is not limited to the United States and most of Europe."  DON'T MISS: UK strikes major new nuclear energy deal in £20bn venture [REVEALED] Have your say: Should the UK scrap clock changes? [POLL] Expert warning - UK government 'disingenuous' about inflation reality [LATEST] Mr Biden had called the fight against Putin a new battle for freedom, adding Putin's desire for absolute power was a strategic failure for Russia and direct challenge to a European peace that has largely prevailed since World War Two. He continued: "The West is now stronger, more united than it has ever been. This battle will not be won in days or months, either. We need to steel ourselves for the long fight ahead."  The speech came after three days of meetings in Europe with the G7, European Council and NATO allies. Mr Macron ruled out sending tanks and warplanes to Ukraine last week, saying it would bring NATO into the war with Russia. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been trying to persuade NATO allies to supply tanks to Ukraine.  The country's president, Volodymyr Zelensky, called upon the NATO summit in Brussels to supply hundreds of tanks and jets. Mr Johnson said that although the UK wanted to help, there were logistical problems. He insisted that allies nearer to Ukraine should provide the country with armoured vehicles. The French President told the alliance that the issue was a red line and NATO needed to do its utmost not to become a co-belligerent. 