The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, is stunning in a chic white blazer and trouser suit whilst meeting the Jamaican Prime Minister. Kate is wearing a white Alexander McQueen suit paired with a Ridley orange blouse. The orange blouse is the Ridley London 'Alicia' top, which currently retails for £249.    Royal fan, @einstein_evans wrote: "She came in white! The colour of angels." Kate's orange blouse by Ridley London is a stunning three-quarter length-sleeved silk blouse with a ruffled collar and matching ruffled sleeves. The Duchess is matching her blouse with a stunning orange handbag. She is also wearing white stiletto heels to match her powerful McQueen suit. READ MORE: Kate Middleton: Royals’ behind-the-scenes’ bid to make her ‘star’  For earrings, Kate is wearing her Cha Cha hoop earrings from the Danish designer Maria Black. For earrings, Kate is wearing her Cha Cha hoop earrings from the Danish designer Maria Black. Featuring pearls and a gold-plated charm design, the earrings added an elegant touch to Kate’s outfit. The hoop earring is priced at £152 up for one but £298 for the pair.  The Jamaican Prime Minister, Andrew Holness, welcomed both the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge officially to Jamaica. Royal fans were delighted with the Duchess' outfit and took to social media to express their love for her style. Twitter user @Canuckabroad3 wrote: "I love the orange blouse." Another fan, @Ale_Campos_GUA added: "Great video! That suit looks divine!"   Social media user @10agapanthus commented saying: "What a beautifully cut suit." The Duchess has again chosen a brand which she wore for her first day in Jamaica. Kate chose to wear a Willow Hanson Vintage 1960's style 'Raffia beaded wooden handle handbag'. The item retails for an outstanding £229.  Kate is certainly a fan of the brand, as she chose to wear a Willow Hanson dress for her visit to Trench Town on Tuesday. The Duchess' Alexander McQueen suit is the crepe slim-leg pants and crepe blazer. The blazer costs £1,370 and the trousers cost £590, meaning the suit comes to just short of £2,000. Royal fan @katiesroyallove tweeted: "So chic!" As well as meeting the Jamaican Prime Minister, the Duke and Duchess could later be seen arriving at Sherwood Teachers' College in Kingston.    