Chairing an event for the Mutua Madrileña Foundation in Madrid, the 49-year-old Queen of Spain wore a traditional Ukrainian blouse in solidarity with the war-torn country. Her folk blouse, known as the ‘vyshyvanka’ is a national Ukrainian embroidered shirt.  She paired the white blouse with simple black cigarette-style trousers, black stilettos, a wide black snakeskin belt, and a black patent clutch bag thought to be designed by Carolina Herrera. The Queen was immediately praised by her fans on social media. A Twitter user Tannde wrote: “A real fashion statemen “Queen Letizia of Spain shows solidarity with Ukraine as she dons a traditional embroidered blouse to chair an event for the Mutua Madrileña Foundation in Madrid." Another Twitter user Maryroyal said: "Queen Letizia's look today was particularly meaningful. The Queen, under a black pant suit, wore a white blouse with a typical Ukrainian embroidery, showing support to the Ukraine population during this difficult time." Other user Luis Menéndez tweeted: "Spanish Queen’s Letizia as all Spanish people are supporting Ukraine. A grand gesture by our Queen"   Spanish media has praised the royal for her outfit, with Estilo y Vida saying the Queen showed 'great sensitivity' in opting to wear the traditional Slavic blouse. Her latest appearance was welcomed as she chaired the 10th Annual Call for Grants for Social Projects of the Mutua Madrileña Foundation, a Spanish non-profit organisation created by insurance company Mutua Madrileña to donate some of its profits to promote health-related scientific research. The Queen's message of support for Ukraine comes just days after her husband King Felipe VI condemned the invasion by Russia. The monarch used his speech at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona to condemn what he said constituted an “unacceptable aggression against a sovereign and independent nation, a member of the UN and particularly a friend of the European Union and Spain”.  READ MORE: Patrick Stewart weighed in on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry exit He slammed the war as “a threat to Europe and the world order”. “This concerns us all,” King Felipe VI said. Several royal members across Europe have been coming out in support of Ukraine as Russian troops continue to attack Ukraine. King Felipe's comments follow harsh words by Britain's Prince Charles who similarly condemned Russia's actions as “brutal aggression”.  DON'T MISS:Europe’s LARGEST nuclear plant on fire after Russian missile attackNewsnight: ‘Frailties in Russian army’ EXPOSED by former US adviserTwo dead following horror crash on busy main road The Prince of Wales later visited the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London where the Duchess of Cornwall was seen crying silently as children performed a traditional song in defiance of the invasion. Queen Elizabeth, too, showed her support by making a "generous donation" to support people fleeing the conflict in Ukraine. Most recently the Duchess of Cambridge wore green and red to visit Wales and chose earrings made by a Welsh designer. 