Instead, the invasion holds for me lessons for both the capitalist West and the Communist East - that is if we heed the research of General Sir Glubb Pasha, legendary commander of the old Trans-Jordan Arab League. He found that the average length of empires - 250 years - has not varied for 3,000 years. More important, he identified six stages in their rise and fall: the ages of pioneers, conquests, commerce, affluence, intellect and decadence. Decadence is due to too long a period of wealth and power, selfishness, love of money and the loss of a sense of duty and is marked by defensiveness, pessimism, materialism, an influx of foreigners, the welfare state and a weakening of religion. All this makes for very uncomfortable reading, especially in the West. Russia cannot by any stretch of the imagination have yet reached affluence along its march and things can only get worse as sanctions bite. Indeed, you could argue that it is still bogged down in the conquest era after Chechnya, Georgia, the Crimea, and the Don Basin, where its military are now, it seems, to be concentrated. That is the trouble with Communism. Like militant Islam, it wants to take over and repress the world. The capitalist West just wants to trade. China’s designs on Taiwan and the Pacific, its repressive takeover of Hong and its nibbling away at Himalayan neighbours doesn’t suggest they have advanced much either. But they are altogether a more dangerous foe. They have undoubtedly reached the commercial age and are using it to secure a hold over nations, especially in the developing world. This suggests that we are going to have to put up with Communism for a long time yet. But the real question is how much longer the capitalist West will stand in its way. And this is where we come back to Glubb Pasha’s six stages in an empire’s life. By any objective assessment we are in the terminal stage - decadence. Materialism, frivolity, an influx of foreigners (long before the Ukraine exodus), a welfare state and a weakening of religion - or at least the Christian faith - are there for all to see and have been for years. We may never have had it so good. But it comes with a price tag, especially when such de-stabilisers as the Kremlin and Peking are around as well as pandemics, the latest of which started in China. A combination of the pandemic, the Ukraine invasion’s shock to the markets and the cost of supporting the Ukraine with defence equipment has left us economically weak, but not perhaps as weak as our attitude. The West is full of spoiled kids who see themselves as victims in one way or another and are only too willing to take to the streets to press their demands. The pessimists wonder what they will do when the cost of living crises sharpens. The more I look at the problem the more I feel that Glubb Pasha missed out a stage in his decline and fall. It is the confusion that fuels the terminal decadence. The people of the capitalist West are currently a very confused lot. We Brits have only to look at ourselves to confirm this. The Conservatives are just as insecure in their politics as Labour. Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s interim given-and-take budget last week has left the Tories wondering what they stand for any more. A lot of them are still demanding tax cuts even when we spend twice as much on servicing our debt as the defence of the realm, a £300bn budget deficit and rising inflation. What has happened to Tory prudence? It is, of course, true that there is much in our people to inspire us. I need mention only the performance of front-line NHS staff in the pandemic and the ready response to take in Ukrainian refugees. But there is a belt of indeterminate size that, for all its supposed education, is so hypocritically besotted with righting our past wrongs in the form of colonialism, connections with slavery and racism that it ignores their current existence, notably in Russia and China. Similarly, that branch of hypersensitive wokery preoccupied with gender ignore the suppression of women across the Muslim world. Worse still, both lots want either to re-write our history or suppress free speech even to the point of hounding people out of jobs. In short, will our decadence end up with our embracing the Communist foe? It will if we don’t watch out and toughen up our moral fibre. Where is there a Moses to lead us to the promised land?