Former House of Commons speaker John Bercow has been banned from Parliament for life after an independent inquiry found him guilty of bullying allegations. A report by Kathryn Stone, Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, found Mr Bercow had displayed “threatening conduct” towards staff and found he had subjected Lord Lisvane — a senior Commons clerk at the time — to “repeated unfounded criticism”. The Independent Expert Panel upheld the Commissioner’s findings, labelling Mr Bercow a “serial bully”. It said his behaviour “fell very far below that which the public has a right to expect” from an MP. Mr Bercow denies bullying anyone, and said he “didn’t believe in faux apologies” when asked if he had apologised yesterday. Speaking to Channel 4 last night, he described the process as “feeble conclusions reached [that] would be torn to shreds in any judicial process”. He added: “I deny the allegations that have been levelled at me in the course of a protracted, unjust, and amateurish process. “It’s been a kangaroo court and saying it’s a kangaroo court is extremely insulting to kangaroos.” The latest findings are by no means the first time the former MP for Buckingham has found himself at the centre of a controversy. READ MORE: Tories to lose 45 seats to Labour on Birmingham by-election swing Intent on becoming an MP, Mr Bercow studied Government at the University of Essex and graduated with a first class honours degree. At the same time, he became chairman of the Federation of Conservative Students (FCS) — a group whose delegates turned up to conferences in ‘Hang Nelson Mandela’ t-shirts. Mr Bercow vehemently denies taking part in any such activities, but was elected as the group’s last national chairman before it was banned. Norman Tebbit, Chairman of the Conservative Party, banned the group in 1986 after one of its members accused former Prime Minister Harold Macmillan of war crimes in extraditing Cossacks to the Soviet Union. According to Hansard’s parliamentary record, former Labour MP Peter Hain accused some well-placed Tories of “craven indulgence to apartheid rules” as Nelson Mandela’s legacy was debated upon his death in 2013. Lord Hain’s parents had fled South Africa in the late Sixties after becoming ‘banned persons’ over their opposition to apartheid. Mr Hain thanked Mr Bercow for his “personal leadership in ensuring that this tribute debate is such a special event, as you said, for such a special person”. He sought to highlight Mr Bercow’s past, however, saying: “We all say in Britain we were against apartheid, and doubtless we were, but some of us did things about it, and others didn't. “Mr Speaker, forgive me if, for a brief moment, I strike what I hope will not be seen as too discordant a note on this occasion, which sees the House at its very best, coming together to salute the great man. “Were it not for interventions in the media in recent days, I would have let pass correcting the historical record. DON'T MISS:UK fishing industry hit with Brexit bureaucracy: 'Thrown into chaos!' [INSIGHT]British expats’ fury at ‘smelly and discoloured’ water in Spain [EXCLUSIVE]Britons ‘prepared to make sacrifices' to ban Russian crude oil [INSIGHT] “I give credit especially to you, Mr Speaker, for volunteering most graciously that you were on the wrong side of the anti-apartheid struggle as a young Conservative.” Mr Bercow, wearing a tie bearing the South African flag pattern, nodded slowly as his colleague spoke. Mr Hain then directed his attention to the then-Prime Minister David Cameron, praising him for “admitting his party’s record” of tolerating apartheid in years gone by. He said: “If Nelson Mandela can forgive his oppressors without forgetting their crimes, who am I not to do the same to our opponents in the long decades of the anti-apartheid struggle? “But it really does stick in the craw, when Lord Tebbit, Charles Moore and others similar claim their complicity with apartheid, for that's what I think it was, somehow brought about its end.” Mr Bercow, alongside Mr Hain, co-organised an event to commemorate the life of Nelson Mandela in an event at Westminster Hall in December 2013. Some 1,000 people attended, including MPs, musicians, artists and a number of other invited guests. Mandela was the figurehead in freeing his country from racial division. A decades-long fight, including 26 years spent in prison, culminated in him becoming the first president of a democratic South Africa. He was jointly awarded the Nobel Peace Prize alongside South African President Frederik Willem de Klerk in 1993 for their combined efforts to dismantle apartheid. He served as South Africa’s first black head of state from 1994 until 1999, declining a second term in office to become an elder statesman and focus on fighting poverty and HIV/AIDS through his Nelson Mandela Foundation. Mandela remains held in deep respect across the world, and Madiba — his Thembu clan name — will continue to be a source of inspiration for civil rights activists for generations to come.