Newcastle will reportedly make a return for Napoli striker Victor Osimhen this summer. The Magpies were linked with the Nigerian goal-getter in January and now sources in Italy are claiming the Premier League side are expected to renew their pursuit of him come the end of the current campaign. A stellar season in France with Lille saw Osimhen come to prominence and subsequently earn a move to Napoli for a club-record fee in the region of £60million in the summer of 2020. Since then, the striker has continued to see his profile soar across Europe and this campaign he's struck 13 goals and registered four assists in 24 appearances. The 23-year-old's exploits are said to have attracted interest from a number of Premier League suitors, with Newcastle in particular finding themselves heavily linked in January. The Magpies significantly strengthened during the winter window but only opted to add Chris Wood to their forward line. With the backing of their Saudi Arabian owners, a similar spending splurge is expected in the summer as they seek to transform the Tyneside club into a title-chasing force. The consensus in Italy is that Newcastle will return for Osimhen as they look to add a reputable striker to their ranks. JUST IN: Man Utd receive huge boost as Ajax believe Erik ten Hag 'will leave'  Speaking to Radio Kiss Kiss Napoli, as relayed by CalcioNapoli24, Sky Italia journalist Mario Giunta revealed: “Assault for Osimhen? I totally lose my head for him, I have fought several times from a football and fantasy football point of view (laughs). If we expect Benzema, we are wrong! “There were a few bites from the Premier League for Osimhen. There was Newcastle’s interest in January and I don’t rule out that they can return to office in the summer. READ MORE: Man Utd owners could demolish Old Trafford as Glazers consider rebuild "The strength they can put on Napoli’s plate is great. One could reason about a possible sale only in front of an offer that few can afford. I think Osimhen will stay at Napoli next season.” The Magpies have enjoyed a remarkable resurgence under Eddie Howe and were unfortunate not to extend their nine-game unbeaten run in the Premier League as Chelsea struck a late winner on Sunday. Having seemingly staved off the threat of relegation, however, Newcastle will be keen to carry some momentum into next season and continue their squad rebuild by adding some stellar names - like Osimhen - in the summer. 