In the late 60s, the American rock band released a series of songs that were incredibly depressing in style, such as Heroin, released in 1967, and Pale Blue Eyes, released in 1969. Decades later, the singer, John Cale, revealed that the songs were a reflection of the star’s inner turmoil. The artist said “there were moments” during the late 60s, 70s and 80s when he was in a very dark place. Talking to Stephen Sackur on BBC HARDtalk in 2016, he said: “I mean I think it’s really the characters in all the songs. “They all tended to feel trapped… and that’s what I was describing… was really the pressure to figure out what the next step was." He admitted that at one point that he had tried a wide variety of drugs available on the streets of New York City at the time but said “everybody” in the art world was doing it at the time.  READ MORE: Taking too much vitamin B12? Your hands and feet hold clues “Everybody in the art work did at the time. It was nothing extraordinary back then, it’s just some people handled them better than others.” A new book by researchers at the University of Westminster has found that musicians are three times more likely to experience anxiety or depression than the general public. Researchers Sally-Anne Gross and Dr George Musgrave surveyed over 2,000 music makers between 2016 and 2018, including mercury prize nominees and local artists, and found that over 60 percent had reported depression. The artist suggested that his health condition actually got in the way of his creativity, rather than giving him inspiration.   It was only when he stopped the drugs because of the birth of his daughter that he realised this. “I did not realise it until after I stopped. “As soon as my daughter was born I just said, you know, you better wake up or you're gonna miss the best parts of your daughter's life,” he said. The Westminster researchers found that musicians were more “open to abuse and feelings of guilt”, including sexual abuse, bullying and discrimination.  Cale even opened up about how when he was a teenager he questioned whether it was worth being alive–which he described as “the usual teenage stuff”. “Yeah, that happened when I was a teenager… standing in front of the mirror, holding a razor blade to your neck. That’s just something that happens to a lot of teens.” According to the NHS, people with depression are likely to benefit from lifestyle changes including exercise and cutting alcohol, and eating healthier. They also recommend “reading a self-help book” or joining a support group.  “Sharing your experiences with others in a similar situation can also be very supportive,” the health body states. In a BBC documentary in 2009, Cale said he had been free from drugs for over 20 years. He revealed that he started on marijuana but cocaine soon became his drug of choice. He said: “I landed on cocaine, it kind of described my sense of humour. “It was part of a pattern of obsessive behaviour. I used to want to stay away as long as I could and see if I could still play music.” If you are having a hard time with your mental health and considering taking your own life, please reach out to the Samaritans support line: 116 123. 