Weeds on the lawn can ruin the look of the smooth, emerald green grass. However, an organic weeding strategy using just a blade is a method of getting rid of unwanted plants one gardener swears by for dealing with this particular issue. Nicole Lairdis a Peterborough-based cut flower grower, allotmenteer, and dahlia queen. She grows stunning blooms in her garden and keeps her over 17k followers clued in on how she does it on her Instagram account @nicoleatcherrygarden. Nicole, who has appeared on Gardener's World, is also the host of the Let's Grow Girls podcast. Nicole uses a certain exotic knife to keep weeds at bay in her garden. "Weeds in the lawn or usually perennial so they can keep on growing if you leave any of their roots in the ground. "My favourite way to get them out is to use a Japanese Hori Hori knife which can get deep into the ground tackling as much of the root as possible." READ MORE: Gardening jobs to do now to 'really help reduce weeds' according to gardening guru A Hori Hori knife is a knife created especially for gardening. It's a type of trowel knife and is often used for weeding but also used for planting bulbs. "Hori hori" means "to dig" in Japanese as the tool was originally designed to dig up plants. The knives are usually around 11 to 15 inches and have sharp blades. Push the hori hori into the soil next to the weed. Then, twist the knife around the roots of the weed in a corkscrew action. The curved blade of the knife should cause the weeds to easily pop out. DON'T MISS'Really helps to suppress the weeds': Kill weeds fast with this job [HACK] 'I have very, very few weeds to deal with': Gardening expert's tip [WEEDS] ‘Perfect’ baking powder solution to kill weeds from Mark Lane [GARDEN] The organic method work especially well for Nicole, as she avoids using harsh chemicals in the garden. She explained: "I avoid using weed killer as it often has harmful chemicals which can upset the eco system of your garden and cause wildlife to be impacted." Many gardeners are moving away from using chemicals and turning to organic methods of gardening. Other organic methods of weeding include mulching, laying down a layer of organic matter to suffocate weeds. Express.co.uk columnist and Gardeners' World presenter Mark Lane explained mulching, what is and how to use it in your garden. What about using an organic method for weeding on the patio? Nicole suggested: "Patios can be a bit trickier because they like to grow between slabs. "Try laying some good weed membrane beneath them to stop them coming up in the first place."