  ITV talk show host Lorraine Kelly admitted to Express.co.uk she went from a size 10 to a size 14 over lockdown, and blamed one particular nighttime habit with her husband for being “part of the downfall”. The journalist has teamed up with WW (formerly known as Weight Watchers) in hopes of getting her “va va voom back”.      Lorraine, 62, spoke about how she was dismayed to find that she had gone from a size 10 to a size 14 due to a lack of exercise and indulging in more junk food during lockdown. One particularly unhealthy habit that had contributed to her weight gain was what the journalist described as the “chocolate plate”. Remembering the way she used to eat during lockdown, she said: “I think the pandemic made all of us a bit like that. I know a lot of people used it as an opportunity to get really fit and honestly I’m in awe. “But for me? No, I just ate far too much rubbish. Every night, me and my husband would share a chocolate plate and every night it got bigger and bigger and that was at 7 o’clock at night and that’s not good. READ MORE: Bill Bailey admits he was forced to do Strictly due to money woes     “So I’ve kind of stopped with the chocolate plate. If he wants it that’s fine.” Lorraine described how, while the perfect size is different for every person, she wanted to get back to feeling like herself again with the help of WW. “It’s not about how much space you take up in the world,” Lorraine explained. “It’s about what’s right for you. It all comes down to confidence, doesn’t it?” Speaking about dropping back down to a size 10, she explained: “That’s what I’m supposed to be. I mean, if I went thinner - not that I would - but if I went down to less than a size 10, I wouldn't look very well.      “You know, I’d start to look haggard and too thin because that wouldn’t be me. “But other women? It’s different for everyone. It’s just what is right for you.” When asked if her husband Steve Smith would ever tempt her away from her WW plan, Lorraine cited her love for chocolate as the main source of trouble. “That was part of the downfall was mine and Steve’s chocolate plate,” she admitted. READ MORE... Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? [INSIGHT] Alex Scott goes underwear-free in risque gown with thigh-high split [NEWS] Hannah Waddingham puts on eye-popping display at Critics Choice Awards [NEWS]      “We still have a chocolate plate and it’s still there, but I’ve just said to myself, ‘I can have that if I want, but I’m not going to.’ “I don’t want to be the food police. He’s allowed to have it, but I’m hoping that some of this is going to rub off on him…” Lorraine has been married to TV cameraman Steve since 1992. The couple share a 27-year-old daughter named Rosie, who also works in the world of journalism and hosts a podcast called What If? with her famous mum.     Speaking about her new WW plan to form healthier habits, Lorraine added: “I think the main thing for me is that I just want to get my va va voom back. Just to get me back from before the pandemic. “And I know I can do that because I’ve done it before, but this time I just wanted a helping hand. “It’s not about weight anymore, we’ve advanced, we’ve moved on. That’s really what I want to get across - and avoiding stupid dieting because it doesn’t work!” she concluded. Lorraine Kelly has joined WW as a new ambassador. #joinLorraine on her weight loss and wellness journey with WW, where you can enjoy the foods you love with no restrictions. To be your best self whilst still losing weight, visit ww.com/uk/ambassadors/lorraine-kelly and get 50% off today.   