Joe Swash, 40, is engaged to Stacey Solomon, with the pair sharing two children together. The former EastEnders actor has taken to Instagram to share a video to warn his fans as his account has been hacked, leaving "funny messages". Joe took to Instagram today to share the video in the sunshine in view of his 1.9 million followers. Blinded by the sun, he said, smiling: "Hello everyone, hope you're enjoying this weather! "Umm, I think someone just hacked into my Instagram so if you get any funny messages from my account please ignore them and don't open them! (sic) "And again, enjoy the weather!" READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star His partner Stacey regularly shares videos of the family's antics with last week being no different. Stacey was left fuming when her husband killed her flowers - and so she forced him to eat some the following day. "Stace I found out the other day you can eat the buds of magnolia trees," Stacey said in a video on her Instagram Story as she impersonated her fiance's actions from the day before. "It tastes like ginger apparently... fun fact for Joe to try!" Joe's face began to drop as Stacey picked the candy pink blossoms from the tree. "Do you know what? I'm sick of these fun facts already," he blasted. An unimpressed Joe accused Stacey of having him on. However, Stacey insisted from behind the camera: "It's not a joke - I promise you can eat magnolia!" DON'T MISS... Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [LATEST] Nick Knowles' brutal dig at Max Verstappen after F1 'tantrum' [OPINION] Heidi Klum stuns as she poses in skimpy lace bra in front of a window [PICTURES] "No?" she questioned, as he chewed a petal, with the disgusted look on his face saying it all. The caption on the playful video clip read: "Let's be honest, we've both ate worse." Some fans might believe Stacey is reaping revenge on her fiance after complaining the day before that he had carelessly killed her house flowers. Stacey sarcastically asked: "Did you know that if you put fresh flowers above a radiator, they'll die?" Joe had chortled at her while holding their baby daughter Rose in his arms, hitting back: "That is a rubbish fact!" "But did you know that fact?" a slightly frustrated Stacey persisted, in view of her five million followers. She added in her story caption: "Not a fun fact really. I'm just so sick of him killing my flowers when he's pretending to tidy up tbh." "So I thought this would help him remember!" (sic)