Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is ready to sign a deal to import 3.5 million barrels of oil at a significant discount in price, according to reports. Moscow will reportedly take over the delivery of oil to India and insurance of this transaction. This will help overcome obstacles in India following sanctions on Moscow. A source said: "The implementation of the deal will mean that India does not close the doors to trade with its longtime ally Russia." The planned deliveries of Russian oil will take several months, The Times of India reports. India meets 88 percent of its oil needs through imports. From April 2021 to January 2022, India imported 176 million tons of oil, 2 pecent of this volume, or 3.6 million tonnes were Russian oil supplies.  Meanwhile, China is also said to be ready to take advantage of "discounted" commodities including Russian oil and gas. It comes after Moscow urged the East to o increase its oil and gas investments in the country to soften the blow of sanctions. The EU, UK and US banned Russian energy exports in a major show of strength. Sanctions on Russian energy was a major blow to Putin as oil and natural gas exports make a major chunk of Russia's exports. The Russian economy is currently facing its worst crisis since the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union, as the West imposes sanctions on various major aspects of the country’s economy. Earlier this week, India's Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Hardeep Singh Puri confirmed New Delhi was interested in the investment. Russia’s deputy prime minister Alexander Novak said: “Russia’s oil and petroleum product exports to India have approached $1bn, and there are clear opportunities to increase this figure.” Speaking to Mr Puri, he discussed “current and potential joint projects in the fuel and energy industry and noted that current projects continue to be steadily implemented". He added: “We are interested in further attracting Indian investment to the Russian oil and gas sector and expanding Russian companies’ sales networks in India." The US has sent India a stark warning. White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said: "Our message to any country is to abide by the sanctions that we put in place. "Also think about where you want to stand when the history books are written. "At this moment in time, and support for the Russian leadership is support for an invasion that obviously is having a devastating impact." This is a breaking story. More to follow.