After Life star Ricky Gervais has slammed celebrities for tearing up on popular BBC series, Who Do You Think You Are? In a new interview, the comedian, 60, branded the celebrities who appear on the show "actors", before hitting out at them for becoming emotional as they uncovered their family's past. In a new interview, the funnyman mocked celebs for breaking down on the hit BBC show. The Netflix star openly mocked the displays of emotion, adding that the individuals never got to meet their ancestors. Speaking about the programme, he said: "I like the way the actors cry. "Like, 'Your great, great, grandmother, she was a sad little...' READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award "You didn't know her!" he quipped. "You might as well cry for your great, great, great... or go back to when we were chimps. "You didn't know her! "It was 200 years ago. What are you crying about?" he added to The Daily Star. Over the years the BBC show has seen famous faces take part, while wanting to learn more about their family tree. Titanic star Kate Winslet and Doctor Who actress Jodie Whittaker have both appeared on the show, becoming emotional upon learning about their ancestors. However, The Office star Ricky firmly ruled himself out. He went on to joke that he'd find out his great, great grandfather would be named "Horacio Gervais", who was a "prolific paedophile and beaten to death in jail". DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] Elsewhere, the star recently told how he has now set out to "get cancelled" during his upcoming stand-up show, Armageddon. He told Heat magazine: “One thing I’ve decided to definitely do, and can’t wait to start on, is my new stand-up show, which is going to be called Armageddon. “I’m treating it like it’s my last one ever. "It won’t be, but I want to put everything into it," he added. Ricky continued: "I want to try and get cancelled. No, I just want to go all-out there. “It’s about the end of the world and how we’re going to destroy ourselves for lots of reasons, whether it’s media stupidity, or the actual end of the world.” This isn't the first time Ricky has hinted he might want to step back amid mention of this potentially being his "last" show. Writing on Twitter earlier in the year, he penned: “I will never get over the reaction to After Life and I'll probably never better it. Maybe I should retire. Or die. Yes. That's my cunning plan.”