Good Morning Britain presenters Susanna Reid and Richard Madely were joined by former UK Ambassador to Russia Sir Tony Brenton to speak about the recent terms Russian set out to Ukraine to end the war. While Russia's demands were deemed as "unacceptable" by both Reid and Brenton, the former ambassador was optimistic they showed small hints the country could end the conflict soon. Reid began: "Russia has moved quite far in offering a deal. Now, the deal is clearly unacceptable to Ukraine. "It would include recognising Moscow's right to Crimea and the independence of those other two semi-separatist regions, and that Kyiv remains neutral, it does not join either Nato or the EU but is it a sign of Russia's weakness, has it even gone that far at this stage?" Brenton explained: "This is a very interesting development, it literally only happened yesterday that Peskov, the Russian governmental spokesman, set out the terms you just described ending the war. "Ukraine going neutral, Ukraine recognising Crimea as part of Russia, that is still as you say going to be unacceptable to Ukraine but well inside some of the much more extravagant demands that Putin was making last week." READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell Sir Brenton went on to list three hints which show Russia is recognising its demands for Ukraine are "unacceptable". He remarked: "He was talking about occupation of Crimea of Ukraine, which Peskov has specifically ruled out, and he was in effect talking about the change in regime. "He calls it the Nazification of Ukraine, which Peskov didn't mention, so this is a significant step forward, I am sure it does suggest the Russians are having to think quite realistically about what they can genuinely achieve. "There have been other signs of that. They have had to toughen up their information regime at home they are obviously worried about some change in public opinion. "Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister, is now meeting with the Ukrainian Foreign minister on Thursday in Turkey, which raises the quality of people who are negotiating between the two sides. "There are odd hints that Russia is becoming more realistic on the terms that it will end this conflict. "It doesn't solve the problem. The terms they are setting at the moment are still very unrealistic from the Ukrainian and Western point of view, but a little bit of convergence is starting to happen," he explained. Many viewers of the show voiced their opinions on the terms Russia has set out, taking to Twitter to share them. DON'T MISS...Putin slammed with protest letters as loyal MPs speak against war [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin stuck after 100% staged troop deployment [LATEST]War in Ukraine sends food prices soaring globally WFP warns [NEWS] Toby Russell wrote: "The offer of a peace settlement should be big news. Sir Tony admits the situation is in part a failure of the West to understand Putin. "Putin may be making an offer before ramping up the military offensive and bombarding Kyiv, then saying you could have avoided this." Tony Piket commented: "As nobody knows what Putin's sick mind is thinking, weakness is a worry as he knows he can't be held accountable and will force something really awful to happen." Nikolai Garbutt added: "President Putin has what he wanted war to Crimea and strengthen around the two independent areas of eastern Ukraine. "It’s now down to how to pull out without looking as if his army has been defeated, which would be jumped on by western leaders." Whilst Ian Pearson said: "The alternative for Russia is to adopt the US approach to invasion and bomb everything (Iraq, Libya) and then invade. "It was Russia that stopped the US from doing the same in Syria. Get real Russia could level Ukraine." (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.