Ibinabo Jack joined the cast of Vera in 2018 and has played DC Jac Williams ever since. DC Williams is usually found in the office doing the background work for DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty). However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actress recalled how she landed the part in the ITV drama. The Jac Williams star, who had appeared in a number of West End shows before Vera including the likes of Dreamgirls and Legally Blonde, was worried TV casting directors wouldn't take her seriously. "I found that having the musical theatre background specifically for 14 years consistently, it was very difficult to be taken seriously by TV casting directors or even to get seen by them," Ibinabo began. "So I just said to my agent, if any theatre jobs come in, we'll just say no, and we'll really focus on the TV stuff. "So then that's what we did for the next three months." READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Ibinabo went on to explain that her character was initially meant to be played by a man. Although, after struggling to find the perfect fit for the role, ITV bosses decided to open the auditions to women as well. The actress continued: "Initially, the character had a different name and I think he was going to be a bloke. "But the executive producer at the time, Leticia Knight said, 'let's open it up to women, let's just see what's out there'." "So they called maybe six or seven of us in to read," she added. "And I think that's why it was so rushed because they couldn't decide on who they wanted." Despite being nervous about taking on her first TV role, Ibinabo said leading lady Brenda was very welcoming. "She's very good at welcoming people and I do see it now that I'm a regular," the actress explained. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one  [INSIGHT]Paula Wilcox’s blunt response to taxi drivers who ‘love’ her [REACTION]Tipping Point fans distracted by player's 'odd' name for machine [VIDEO] She said: "She's very good at putting people at ease. She's very open-hearted and makes everyone feel comfortable. "[On set] she's telling jokes or we do the crossword together. She's a pussycat and I think it's cool Vera isn't." Series 11 of Vera was put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic which meant TV bosses were forced to spread out when the episodes could air. The first two instalments were broadcast last year, followed by the second two in January. However, it is unclear when the final two episodes will be shown on ITV. Despite the setbacks, leading lady Brenda Blethyn confirmed in an interview last week that filming for series 12 began on Monday. During an interview with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning, Brenda said she had finished filming for Kate and Koji in February 2022, as she explained: “And I start filming for Vera on Monday.” “You’re away for a long time then, aren’t you?” Phillip quizzed. The DCI Stanhope star replied: “It is about six or seven months.” Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.