Classic Doctor Who actress Louise Jameson starred alongside Tom Baker in the BBC sci-fi series in 1977 and 1978. She played Leela, one of the Fourth Doctor’s companions, and took several trips in the TARDIS. Despite leaving the show around 44 years ago, Louise has revealed she still gets recognised by Whovians. Speaking out about the loyal viewers, the actress insisted “there’s no fandom like the Doctor Who fandom”.   Louise chatted about her time on Doctor Who in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press. When asked if she still gets recognised for her role in Doctor Who, the actress replied: “Yes. Very flatteringly, yes. “I mean, literally I was 26 or 27 when I film that and I just turned 70. “So, I'm delighted that some people still recognise me from all those years ago,” Louise laughed. READ MORE: Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch She went on to praise the fans of the sci-fi, remarking: “There’s no fandom like the Doctor Who fandom.” Detailing the enthusiasm of Whovians, Louise confessed she still gets sent fan mail about her role on the show. The actress explained: “I still receive letters from people that wrote to me back in the 70s. "They're incredibly loyal,” Louise added, praising Doctor Who fans.   The star admitted out of all the roles she’s taken on throughout her career, her part as Leela on Doctor Who seems to have gained her the most fans. “That’s the one that gives me the most recognition, weirdly,” Louise revealed. Leela was a warrior of the Sevateem, a tribe of regressed humans who became friends with The Doctor. The iconic Time Lord initially rejected her request to go with him on his travels through space and time, however she decided to take matters into her own hands. DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid on ‘speed-dating’ GMB replacements for Piers Morgan [MUST SEE]All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton on disruptive co-star [INSIGHT]‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life [WATCH] Leela ran into the TARDIS and became one of the Fourth Doctor’s companions. Doctor Who is still popular with viewers today with Jodie Whittaker currently starring as the Thirteenth Doctor. However, the actress will be hanging up her keys to the TARDIS in her final episode which is set to air later this year. It’s currently unknown which star will next take on the iconic sci-fi role, but it has been confirmed that former showrunner Russell T Davies is returning.    Louise’s latest TV project is ITV soap Emmerdale where she’ll be playing Rhona Goskirk’s (played by Zoe Henry) mother Mary. The actress confessed she hoped to build up new followers in the “Emmerdale fandom” as she joins the long-running soap. She briefly appeared on Emmerdale in 1973 as a character called Sharon Crossthwaite. However, she was quickly killed off and is now returning to the show as a different character. Chatting about her experience of re-joining the cast of the hit ITV soap, Louise remarked: “I feel like I've jumped on the very fast moving carousel.” The actress revealed she received an “extraordinary” welcome to the show and already feels a part of the Emmerdale “family”. Emmerdale airs weeknights at 7pm on ITV. 