Since quitting as senior royals in March 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have pursued a new life in the States. The couple had initially hoped to continue serving the Royal Family by splitting their time between North America and the UK, however, this proposed compromise was quickly rejected by the Queen. Instead, the couple were stripped of their patronages and were advised to longer use their HRH titles in any official capacity. Since then, the couple has gone on to establish new careers for themselves, including signing deals with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify. Harry, 37, is also the chief impact officer for the professional coaching and mental health firm BetterUp. While he and Meghan, 40, are also involved in the investment business because the couple serves as “impact partners” and investors at ethical fintech firm Ethic. While the pair’s controversial decision to step away may have caused a physical distance to form between them and their British relatives, the Queen has often referred to the Sussexes as “much-loved members of the family”. As such a potential return to royal life for the pair has been widely speculated, especially amid reports that the Queen would like to spend time with her great-grandchildren, including her namesake Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana, who turns one in June. However, royal expert Ingrid Seward claims that a royal comeback for the pair is off the cards. Addressing reports the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could reintegrate themselves into working life among the Royal Family, Ms Seward claims that Charles “will not want or need” Meghan and Harry in the fold when he takes the throne. READ MORE: Prince William leaves BAFTA 'very disappointed' as Duke snubs awards The Editor in Chief of Majesty Magazine told Express.co.uk: “Charles wants a slimmed-down monarchy not an expanded one so he will not want or need them around in any sort of working capacity.” The Prince of Wales has long been rumoured to desire a more “slimmed down” monarchy when he takes the throne. The Queen’s eldest son has had the longest time to prepare for the throne of any heir in British royal history. Charles is the longest-serving Prince of Wales in history and has spent much of his life supporting the Queen and the Royal Family by undertaking public duties. DON'T MISS Queen and Prince Philip broke royal tradition with Prince Edward birth [INSIGHT] Sophie Wessex stuns fans on visit to Swansea [PICTURES] Meghan and Harry still haven't backed up Oprah claims after one year [REVEAL] Despite his royal destiny, Charles has kept plans for his reign under wraps – though there is heavy speculation that he plans to reduce the number of working members of the Royal Family. At present, the main working members of the Royal Family include Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, the Queen's youngest son Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex and the Queen’s only daughter Princess Anne. Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge also serve the Queen in an official capacity. In the future, this could be expanded to include William and Kate’s three young children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The Cambridge children are currently third, fourth and fifth in line to the throne respectively. However, according to Ms Seward, it seems unlikely that Prince Charles' son Prince Harry and his wife Meghan will be joining them as working royals while Charles is king.