Ruby Wax, 68, opened up about her most difficult interviewee - Donald Trump. In a recent chat, the American-British actress and television personality addressed her most cringe-worthy interviews with famous faces in the 1990s - including Pamela Anderson, Carrie Fisher, Imelda Marcos, OJ Simpson, and the Spice Girls. When Ruby Met... aired over 25 years ago but the comedian's tongue-in-cheek humour didn't appear to go down well with the former US president. Looking back at her interviews, Ruby confessed that her encounter with Trump was a "car crash". The star, who is appearing on The Great Celebrity Bake Off for SU2C tonight, claimed that the former Commander-in-Chief was so infuriated with her that he remained in the cockpit of the plane following their interaction took place. The small-screen star believed it was a joke when he said that he wanted to be president of the United States. READ MORE: Al Murray mocks Kate and Prince William's 'embarrassing' photo Addressing his reaction during the interview, Ruby said: "People definitely like that kind of thing, but you know, it wasn’t pleasant to do. "He walked away and didn’t want to talk to me." She continued: "When he said he wanted to be president I thought he was joking! "So I just started laughing. It was a car crash interview, but it makes good TV."  When questioned in the interview that Donald went on to become the US president two decades later, Ruby couldn't help but deliver a cheeky rebuttal. "No, no I don’t believe you – it’s unbelievable," she said to Jewish News. In another feature, Ruby shared her thoughts on the pair's memorable interview. "I thought he was joking when he said he wanted to be the president," she told PA. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast[LATEST]Rolling Stones star Ronnie Wood, 74, kisses wife Sally, 44, at event[PICTURES]Gemma Atkinson issues apology to Gorka Marquez after personal insight[ADMISSION] "I thought he was being funny... he wasn't." Trump's tenure as the 45th president of the United States began with his inauguration on January 2017 and ended three years later. Meanwhile, Ruby will return to viewers' screens for the newest edition of Stand Up to Cancer Bake off. The comedian will be joined by famous faces including TV presenter Sophie Morgan, Friday Night Dinner star Tracy-Ann Oberman and musician Yung Filly, who will also be showing off their baking skills. Each episode of the baking challenge will see four celebrities compete throughout three rounds - the signature, technical and showstopper. The 19 celebrities will be put through their paces to see who is worthy to be crowned Star Baker and catch the eye of judges Paul Hollywood and dame Prue Leith. Stand Up To Cancer was launched in 2012 and is a joint national fundraising campaign from Cancer Research UK and Channel 4. The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up to Cancer airs tonight on Channel 4 at 8pm.