Kate Middleton always looks divine, whether it’s on the streets of London or on tour in Jamaica. But wherever she is in the world, she’s always spotted with her favourite accessory: her beautiful sapphire engagement ring from Prince William. Kate was proposed to in October 2010 at the foothills of Mount Kenya. And the ring she was given was steeped in family history and cultural significance. It had previously belonged to Prince William’s mother, Princess Diana, who selected it herself from Garrard. Retailed at £47,000, anyone with this sum of money could purchase Diana’s ring, which reportedly displeased the Royal Family immensely. READ MORE: 'So timeless': Kate Middleton stuns in Belize with 'rosy' makeup Diamond expert Maxwell Stone stated: “It is believed to have sparked controversy within the Royal Family, as it broke royal tradition.” The ring did have some connection to the Royal Family, as it was “believed to be inspired by the Prince Albert brooch, Prince Albert’s wedding present to Queen Victoria in 1840”. But the Princess of Wales reportedly selected the 12ct Ceylon sapphire because it was the same colour as her eyes, and reminded her of her own mother’s engagement ring. Despite being retailed for less than £50,000 at the time, diamond experts at Steven Stone guessed that the royal ring is now worth an extortionate £390,000. Like Queen Elizabeth II’s, Diana’s ring will likely increase in value over time. Describing the ring, they said: “Kate Middleton's ring, which was formerly Princess Diana's, features a 12ct Ceylon sapphire, originating from Sri Lanka. “Like with most precious gemstones, the quality and value of a sapphire is graded by its colour and hue, which can range from a light, pale blue to a dark, royal blue. “The sapphire is a deep, royal blue, of AAAA quality, making it amongst the most valuable of its kind.” The central jewel was surrounded by a cluster of 14 solitaire diamonds set in 18ct white gold. The marvellous ring had extreme cultural significance at the time, with the sale of blue sapphires increasing by 300 percent globally. Kate Middleton has similar worldwide popularity, ensuring that the blue sapphire is still a popular choice of engagement ring. Steven Stone experts revealed: “Thanks to Netflix show The Crown, sales of sapphires continue to surge, with vintage style halo designs being extremely popular.” Interestingly, Diana’s ring was not supposed to end up on Kate Middleton’s finger, but rather another royal bride. When William and Harry’s mother tragically died in 1997, the young princes were allowed a keepsake to remember her by. Prince William opted for “mummy’s Cartier watch” from her father John Spencer, while his younger brother Harry asked for the engagement ring, said Princess Diana’s former butler Paul Burrell. When Prince William set out to propose to then-girlfriend Kate, Prince Harry reportedly said: “Wouldn't it be fitting if she had mummy's ring?” Paul Burrell stated: "Then one day that ring will be sat on the throne of England." He added: “His one thing he kept from his mother, he gave to his brother. That's selfless, kind, and exactly who Diana was.” Meghan Markle’s engagement ring, which contains diamonds from Princess Diana’s collection, is the most Googled royal engagement ring, racking up 20,000 Google searches per month. This is followed by Kate’s, with 8,200 monthly searches, according to Design Bundles.