Nigel Farage dismissed claims of huge protests against Kate Middleton and Prince William's tour of the Caribbean. William and Kate's tour got off to a rocky start last Saturday when residents of the Indian Creek village in Belize, which was set to welcome the couple, staged a small protest instead. Following this, their visit to Jamaica was marred by further small protests as well as the Prime Minister of the country, Andrew Holness, effectively telling the Cambridges that he no longer wants the Queen to be Queen of Jamaica. The royal tour will conclude this weekend in the Bahamas, as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived for the final leg of their trip. However, Mr Farage brilliantly dismantled claims that protests and controversy have ruined the tour. He said that the number of people protesting the couple's visit was tiny compared to the vast majority who welcomed the Cambridges. Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News, the former Brexit Party leader and current TV host said: "Look at Belize. The Belize trip from the couple this week was a huge success. JUST IN: 'Can't bully me anymore' Moment Kate receives flowers from girl "Half a dozen turn up with placards and protests and you would have thought the whole of Belize was in uproar at the fact that the Royal Family had visited. "In Barbados, who got rid of the Queen as their head of state without a referendum, they did it without a reference to anybody. "And now polls suggest a majority of people in Barbados wished it hadn't happened." He added: "There are lots of people in Jamaica who flew in bomber commands in World War Two. "There is an amazing link between our countries and that link is being poisoned by this and that is a terrible shame."  Mr Farage blamed the overblown claims on "mainstream media" as he said that the entire country should be "very pleased and very proud that out there on the world stage we’ve got a couple like this doing us such great credit". The former MEP added: “With the Queen now being effectively confined to barracks in Windsor, we need to recognise that the Royal Family are the most important part of soft power that we have in this world." He also criticised the way a picture of William and Kate greeting Jamaican wellwishers through a wire fence was depicted by some media outlets, as Raheem Sterling had done the same just “moments earlier”. Critics had labelled the photo of the wire fence greeting as "tone-deaf" and "awful optics" for the couple. The couple have also sought to create moments from past visits to Jamaica by The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh DON'T MISS: Russians question mysterious appearance of Putin's defence minister [ANALYSIS]Channel 4's Cathy Newman blasted by Remainers for 'petty EU' dig [REACTION]EU closes ranks as Michel to push for accelerated Russian gas cut [VIDEO] ITV's royal editor Chris Ship warned these photos could backfire on the royals. He tweeted: "The tour is about celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. "But it may also serve as a reminder of Britain’s colonial past for those who want Jamaica to cut ties with the British Crown." Mr Ship wrote that the couple has endured a "difficult couple of days as their visit triggered renewed debates here about a number of difficult issues".