Merseyside Police confirmed that officers were on the scene in Toxteth following reports around 5.10pm this evening (Tuesday) of shots being fired. They have now cordened off Upper Warwick Street.  A girl had been taken to hospital and is in a "serious condition" after being injured at a bus stop, the force said. A short time after, a man in his twenties arrived at hospital with a gun wound to one hand. Police said it had been deemed "not life threatening". Merseyside Police said in a statement they were now trying to establish if the two injuries were linked. Officers are this evening carrying out house-to-house visits, as well as collecting forensic and CCTV evidence in the area. Chief Inspector Col Rooney said: “The investigation is in the very early stages as we seek to establish what has taken place and who was involved. “While I understand this is a shocking incident for the local community we have a large police presence in the area carrying out a number of lines of enquiry and I would encourage people to come forward and tell us what they know. “I would ask anyone who was in the area of Upper Warwick Street around 5.10pm this evening who saw or heard anything suspicious or thinks they have captured anything significant on their mobile phone, dashcam or Ring doorbell to contact us as a matter of urgency. “There is no room for guns on the streets of Merseyside and we will do everything we can to find the person or people responsible for this incident and bring them to justice.” The Liverpool Echo is reporting this evening that forensic teams in white suits were focusing their efforts on a "shattered" bus stop on the corner of Gwent Street. It added that roughly a dozen police vehicles had been sighted on Upper Warwick Street, a half-hour walk from the city centre, which remains cordoned off. A reporter on the scene said there were "a number of worried parents with young children" asking officers about the nature of the incident. Two bus services had been diverted as a result of the road closure. Anyone with information is asked to contact Merseyside Police or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 anonymously quoting log 647 and today's date. More to follow... 