The warmer days of spring are just weeks away, and green-thumbed Britons may be keen to get their gardens ready. Although March can have some chilly days, it is a great time to plant an array of vegetables and flowers. Broad beans Broad beans are an easy-to-grow crop that can be sown directly into the soil in March. The vegetable can be grown in pots in the ground or in raised beds, spaced 20cm apart and about 5cm deep. If you started off your broad beans in pots, they will be ready to plant out once the roots have filled their pots. Water broad beans regularly and pinch out the growing tips as soon as you see flowers appear. READ MORE: White vinegar for cleaning: 5 things vinegar and baking soda can clean Chard Swiss chard can be planted in containers or directly in the ground. Be sure to cover with 2cm of compost when planting out, and as they begin to grow make sure you thin out plans to be between 25 and 30cm apart. Make sure you regularly water your chard. Pick regularly for baby leaves, or allow free growing for larger leaves. Chives Chives can be grown in containers and don't take up too much space. You can sow chives from March and then plant out in containers once the risk of frost has passed. This is typically around April, though can be sooner if the weather is mild. When sowing indoors, cover with 1cm of compost, water well, and place on a sunny windowsill or in a greenhouse. Once outside, make sure you plant chives in moist but well-drained soil. Chives thrive in partial shade or full sun, and the great thing is these perennials come back year after year. DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [COMMENT]Gardening: Use newspaper hack to permanently’ prevent weeds growing [EXPLAINER]Four garden pests to watch for this spring [INSIGHT] Potatoes Potatoes can be planted between March and the end of May, ready to be harvested from June right through to the autumn months. This starchy vegetable is relatively easy to grow, and one seed potato will produce many for harvest. Plant your potatoes 30cm apart and cover with soil to fill the trench. When shoots reach 20cm, use a rake to mould soil up around the bases. This is called eating up and should be done repeatedly as plants grow. Make sure to water your potatoes regularly. Sweet peppers Though sweet peppers can be planted in time for spring, they will only thrive in a warm environment such as a greenhouse or on a windowsill. For those wanting to plant them in the garden, you may have to wait until the depths of summer when warm weather is guaranteed. To sow sweet peppers, place four to five seeds in a pot ensuring they have plenty of space to grow. Cover with a thin layer of compost and water well. When seedlings reach 6cm tall, carefully ease them out of their original pot and transfer them into individual 7.5cm pots filled with compost. After they have had plenty of time to grow, you can transfer seedlings to larger pots. If you do wish to grow them outside, harden them off in late May. Although frequent watering is necessary, do not allow your pepper plant to become waterlogged. Are you planting anything this March? Join the conversation in the comments section below! Sweet peas Sweet peas can be sown as late in the year as October, right through to March. They are best suited to being sown under cover, and prefer a long root run so be sure to sow them deep into pots. Be sure to keep sweet peas well watered, and choose an area of your garden which gets plenty of sunshine. Poppies Hardy annuals such as poppy flowers can be sown directly where they are set to flower. Prepare the ground by clearing it of weeds and raking it. Opt for well-drained soil in full sun. When sowing fresh seed, simply scatter it where you want the flowers to bloom. If given the right conditions, poppies will self-seed around the garden. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Wildflower mixes Wildflower mixes are arguably one of the easiest ways to add a pop of colour to your garden with minimal effort. Prepare the soil well by removing weeds and raking to a fine tilth. You do not need to enrich the soil. Simply scatter and water regularly to help your wildflower patch spring to life. Dahlias Dahlias are tender perennials that boast a gorgeous array of pink and purple hues when they flower. If sown in a greenhouse in March, they should flower within their first year. To plant, fill a pot or seed tray with moist compost, and gently push seeds in. They prefer moist but well-drained soil, and a sunny, sheltered spot. Dahlias grown in a greenhouse can be moved outside into the garden from May onwards.