 This week, the Cambridges concluded a difficult royal tour of the Caribbean in which they faced demonstrations in both Belize and Jamaica. Upon William and Kate’s arrival in Belize, the couple were met with protests from villagers over a land dispute involving a charity the Duke of Cambridge is patron of. Then, in Jamaica the couple’s arrival also stirred protests and an open letter written by 100 prominent citizens calling for William to apologise for the Royal Family’s role in the slave trade.  During a meeting with the royal couple in front of the cameras, Prime Minister Andrew Holness also spoke about his desire for Jamaica to become a republic, telling William that his country intended to “fulfil our true ambitions and destiny as an independent, developed, prosperous country”. A tempestuous tour was rounded off with a trip to the Bahamas, where William and Kate’s arrival was met by a letter from campaign group The National Reparations Committee calling for Britain to pay reparations for the slave trade. As two of the most popular members of the Royal Family, William and Kate may not have been accustomed to the backlash they received during the Carribean trip, which had been planned to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. However, according to royal expert Ms Nicholl, the press piled the pressure on Kate and William to marry before their 2010 engagement. Read More: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash Despite questions stirring among media circles as to whether William, who is second in line to the throne, would propose to Kate after the couple’s lengthy courtship, Ms Nicholl claimed that they had made a secret lovers’ pact. In her 2011 book ‘The Making of a Royal Romance’ Ms Nicholl claimed: “The British press did label Kate ‘Waity Katy’ which she absolutely hated. “But I suppose what none of us knew was that [she] and William had actually made a secret pact to be married way back in 2007, after they got together after their second major breakup. “This was a secret pact and we know that this is a couple who are very good at keeping secrets.   “So really Kate had the last laugh, because she’s got her prince.” William and Kate met in the early Noughties while studying at the University of St Andrews, and the pair were reportedly friends and housemates before becoming a couple. Their relationship briefly ended in 2007 however, with critics at the time claiming that Kate was ready to make a commitment but WIlliam wanted to make the most of his youth and freedom. But after only months apart the couple resumed their relationship and according to Ms Nicholl made a pact to one day marry. Don't Miss:Queen was told by Jamaicans: 'We don't see you how benefit us'[OPINION]Prince William once joked he would ‘sack Southgate’ [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle will 'pull in big guns' for new podcast[ANALYSIS] The royal expert noted that William couldn’t marry Kate right away as he needed to finish his military training as a Royal Air Force helicopter pilot. Ms Nicholl also claimed that Kate’s mother Carole Middleton was growing anxious that Kate and Will were yet to tie the knot. Ms Nicholl alleged: “I do know that it was the Christmas of 2009 when Carole was getting quite concerned. “Kate was nearing 30, there was still no ring on her finger.”  Ms Nicholl claimed that Carole voiced her concern to William, who ensured his future mother-in-law that he would ultimately marry Kate. Ms Nicholl added: “And he was true to his word.” William and Kate tied the knot at Westminster Abbey in 2011 in front of a domestic television audience of 17.6million viewers. Months earlier, upon announcing their engagement, the royal couple opened up about why they had briefly split in 2007.   William explained: “We were both very young. “We were finding ourselves. It was very much trying to find our own way and we were growing up.” Kate added: “I, at the time, wasn’t very happy about it. But actually it made me a stronger person.” ‘The Making of a Royal Romance’ was written by Katie Nicholl and published by Tantor Media in 2011. You can find it here.