The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are halfway through their eight-day tour of the Caribbean to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Kate, 40, and William, 39, spent the day in Belize on Monday as they were given a crash course in survival. The couple learned how to make their own shelter and get water from vines in the jungle of the Central American nation. The Cambridges visited the Mayan archaeological site of Caracol and also attended an evening reception in Belize, and were later hosted by the Governor General of Belize at the Maya ruins in Cahal Pech. In violent scenes recorded from inside the plane, the aircraft can be seen shaking as passengers grip the chairs in front of them. One RAF crew member towards the rear of the back of the plane vomited during the flight and others aboard the plane were reported to be panicking. The Daily Express’ royal correspondent, Richard Palmer, wrote at the time: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are back in Lahore. “We set off for Islamabad, circled the capital for an hour, but couldn’t land in heavy thunderstorms.” Rebecca English, the Daily Mail’s royal correspondent, also recalled the “drama” of the Cambridges’ plane journey. She wrote: “Mid-air drama as the RAF Voyager carrying the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had to abandon its landing in Islamabad and return to Lahore due to terrible storms. “The pilot tried to land twice, at two different airports, amid horrendous lightning and turbulence, but was forced to return to Lahore for safety reasons. “Fortunately, William has taken it in his stride – he just came back down the plane to see if we were ok and joked that he was flying!” ITV News’ royal editor, Chris Ship, wrote on Twitter: “The plane carrying Prince William and Kate just had to abort its landing in Islamabad in a fierce storm. DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan's subtle gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' in relationship [LATEST]Prince Charles was given marriage 'ultimatum' by father Prince Philip [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex’s ‘disaster’ after marrying into Royal Family [ANALYSIS] “After much shaking around in the air, the RAF Voyager used for Royal Visit Pakistan turned around and has just landed back in Lahore (where we started).” He added: “Prince William (a pilot) just joked that he was fine. Even if the rest of the plane and royal press corps were looking a little shaken.” After the plane landed, the Cambridges checked into the four-star Pearl Continental Hotel in Lahore. During their current tour of the Caribbean on RAF Voyager, the couple were greeted by Belize's Governor General Froya Tzalam when they landed in the country. They announced their arrival with a picture of them disembarking from the aircraft down the stairs. Shared on Instagram, the post accompanying the official snap read: “Arriving in Belize, the first stop of our Caribbean tour!”