Prince Harry and Meghan Markle left their working royal roles in March 2020, and now the pair live in the US with their two children. The Sussexes lost several royal patronages as part of their exit, but it has now been announced that the first of the patronages left vacant by Meghan will now be taken up by Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Camilla will be the new royal patron of the National Theatre, a role which was previously given to the Duchess of Sussex by the Queen in 2019. Rufus Norris, director and joint chief executive of the National Theatre, said: "It is a privilege to welcome the Duchess of Cornwall as the National Theatre's Royal Patron. "The Duchess shares our belief that theatre enriches our lives in so many ways and that everyone should have access to the arts and creativity no matter where they are in the world. "The Duchess has shown great support to our industry throughout the pandemic, and I look forward to working with Her Royal Highness for many years to come. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton 'uninvited' Meghan to her wedding for one reason  "I would also like to express my thanks to the Queen for Her Majesty's long and unwavering support and service to the National Theatre." Camilla's new appointment is a key sign Meghan will not be returning to royal duties any time soon, and it follows the announcement made earlier this year that some of Prince Harry's royal patronages have been redistributed within the Royal Family. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge has now taken over Harry's role as patron of the Rugby Football Union and the Rugby Football League. Harry and Meghan stepped down from their working roles in 2020, but after a year's review period, Buckingham Palace confirmed in 2021 that the couple would not be returning to royal duties.   Subsequently, Harry and Meghan's royal patronages were also returned to the Queen. A Buckingham Palace statement read: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed to Her Majesty The Queen that they will not be returning as working members of The Royal Family. "Following conversations with The Duke, The Queen has written confirming that in stepping away from the work of The Royal Family it is not possible to continue with the responsibilities and duties that come with a life of public service. "The honorary military appointments and Royal patronages held by The Duke and Duchess will therefore be returned to Her Majesty, before being redistributed among working members of The Royal Family. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry slammed [LIVE]Sophie Wessex's latest outing draws comparisons to Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]'Condemn them!' Harry and Meghan called out [INSIGHT]  "While all are saddened by their decision, The Duke and Duchess remain much-loved members of the family." The Sussexes had wanted to keep the positions they had to relinquish, with a spokesperson for the couple saying in a statement at the time: "We can all live a life of service. Service is universal." Prince Harry lost his honourary military titles with The Royal Marines, RAF Honington, and Royal Navy Small Ships and Diving. The Sussexes also returned their respective patronages of The Queen's Commonwealth Trust, The Rugby Football Union, The Rugby Football League, The Royal National Theatre and The Association of Commonwealth Universities. Harry and Meghan have kept their private patronages, which includes Smart Works and Mayhew for Meghan, and the Invictus Games and Sentebale for Harry, among others. 