Opening the fridge doors to be greeted with an unwanted smell is not unusual, and can be off-putting when grabbing a snack. While leftovers and strongly scented ingredients could be the culprit, experts point out that smells can actually build up and remain in fridges over time, contaminating the taste of surrounding food. This is because plastic absorbs smells, which means in the end it could be the appliance itself giving off a pungent odour. Often, smells are emitted from bacteria that has built up from food sources over time. Bacteria thrives in areas with a lot of moisture. Moisture typically occurs in fridges either via condensation or due to spilled food. READ MORE: Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it While wiping up spilled messes and cleaning the area is one way to deal with the stench, cleaning experts at Expert Home Tips revealed that there is another way to banish smells for good. What's more, it doesn't include purchasing high-priced cleaning products. Instead, it can be done with a wallet-friendly and easily accessible kitchen cupboard ingredient. The cleaning experts said: “It's not just for baking cakes! “A cheap box of baking soda can effectively clean your entire home. DON'T MISS:Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how  [INSIGHT]How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps [TIPS]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT] “It's extremely versatile and can be used as a mild abrasive, scouring agent and deodoriser to dissolve dirt, tackle odours and cut through grime.” The cleaning pros explained how baking soda can be used to remove all smells from the fridge. They said: “Bad smells aren't just off-putting when you're looking for a midnight snack, they can actually ruin the taste of surrounding food. “Keep a small bowl of bicarb in your fridge to help neutralise smells. “It works like a sponge to soak up any bad odours - just remember to change it every month or so.” The cleaning expert also explained how this product can be used to freshen up nasty smelling sponges. They said: “If your sponges are getting a bit smelly don't be tempted to bin them. “Baking soda works wonders at absorbing smells. “Soak sponges in a bowl full of warm water with four tablespoons of dissolved baking soda. “Let them air dry and they should smell like new.” Baking soda, also known as sodium bicarbonate, is a leavening agent that is normally used to help baked goods rise - think pancakes, cookies, muffins. The rising agent is often mixed with acidic ingredients, such as white vinegar, in order to create a reaction. It is widely used in cleaning thanks to its ability to tackle grease and tough stains. What’s more, the mineral structure of baking soda acts as an abrasive to clean.