Yesterday marked a year since Harry and Meghan Markle’s explosive CBS interview with Oprah Winfrey. The Sussexes were highly critical of royal life and made a number of claims against the Royal Family. One of the interview’s most shocking moments was when Meghan alleged that there were “several conversations” between herself, Harry and an unnamed royal about “how dark” their baby’s skin would be before Archie was born. Then, during the groundbreaking Oprah interview, Harry readdressed reports of tension between him and William, and said: “As I’ve said before, I love William to bits. He’s my brother. “We’ve been through hell together. We have a shared experience. But we’re on different paths.” The tension between the brothers appears to have seen them break an alleged pact they made with their late-mother Diana, who died in a car crash in 1997. According to Ms Simmons, the Princess of Wales’ trusted psychic and friend, Diana made William and Harry “promise to be best friends”. Read More: Camilla health fears as fans spot worrying sign: 'She's shaking!' In an updated edition of royal historian Robert Lacey’s book Battle of Brothers, Ms Simmons said that Diana told William and Harry: “You must promise me that you will always be each other’s best friends. “And never let anyone come between you.” Mr Lacey added: “Both boys promised they would keep to that, Simmons remembers. “They high-fived each other and gave their mother a big cuddle. “Anybody would have melted at the sight. Then they went to play soccer.” But sadly, a rift has emerged between the brothers in recent years. It reportedly started after William advised Harry to take it slow in his relationship with Meghan, which the Duke of Sussex took offence to. They started seeing less of each other over time and the Sussexes eventually split from Kensington Palace to start their own household at Frogmore Cottage in Windsor. Don't Miss:Do YOU think it's OK for royals to contribute to Andrew's payout?[ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton’s slow progress in Royal Family: ‘Took her a while’[INSIGHT]Prince Edward stormed out after 'toe-curling' TV disaster[OPINION] They also split from their shared charity, The Royal Foundation, to set up their own. Responding to speculation about tension between him and his brother, Harry admitted to ITV in 2019 that the two were “on different paths” but stressed he loved William “dearly”. Then, in 2020, Meghan and Harry stepped back from royal duties and began a new life in Montecito, California. In the two years since then, they have spoken out about their experience in The Firm multiple times, including in their Oprah Winfrey interview, Harry’s interview with James Corden and in Harry’s mental health docu-series The Me You Can’t See. This reportedly went down badly at the Palace and has contributed to widening the rift between the brothers still further. In this way, the two princes appear to have broken their promise to their mother to remain best friends forever. Yesterday, Royal author Duncan Larcombe claimed to the MailOnline: “It's very clear to those that know William that the rift with his brother is not something that he can just forget about. “It's very much, as you can imagine, a constant strain. It is for Harry as well, they're both as stubborn as mules.” True Royal TV editor-in-chief Nick Bullen believes the events are still too raw for them to make up. Speaking to Fox News in September last year, he claimed: “I think it’s very unlikely that we’ll see any resolution between the brothers very soon. “Everything I’m told is that it is still pretty difficult for them. Obviously, they’ve spoken and spent time with their mother’s family. That was all good and a step forward in the right direction.” Growing up, William and Harry are said to have been incredibly close, with the Duke of Cambridge having even selected his younger brother as best man for his 2011 wedding to Kate, Duchess of Cambridge.  Speaking on ITV documentary Secret of the Royal Babies: Meghan and Harry, royal expert Duncan Larcombe described the brothers as “mentors” to one another. Mr Larcombe said: “Harry tends to follow in his brother’s footsteps and weirdly Wiliam tends to follow in Harry’s footsteps. “They are mentors to each other. So I would expect when Harry becomes a dad he will look at Kate and William’s example and follow that almost to the letter.” He added that Diana had raised William and Harry to have “normal” lives, which influenced the pair in later life. Mr Larcombe continued: “Diana made sure William and Harry lived as much of normal life as possible and as parents, William and Harry will always be influenced by their mother.  “Her desire to give them a taste of normality runs through the veins of William and Harry.” William elaborated on the influence Diana had on him and his brother in a 2012 ABC interview. The Duke of Cambridge explained: ”She played a huge part in my life and Harry’s growing up, in how we saw things and how we experienced things.” Battle of Brothers was written by Robert Lacey and published by William Collins in 2020. You can find it here.