As Putin’s war has now entered its second month, Russia’s forces have reportedly been on the retreat into eastern Ukraine after Moscow claimed its “main objectives” of the first stage had “generally been accomplished”. However, Simon Dolan, political commentator and Author of “Trump: The Hidden Halo”, believes the invasion may not have even happened in the first place had Donald Trump been voted in for a second term. Slamming the Biden administration, Mr Dolan said the US has been much weaker on the world stage since Trump lost the presidency. He said: “Joe Biden’s performance on the international stage has been seriously maligned since his disastrous withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan. “What has become abundantly clear since his time in the White House began is that he is not capable of making tough decisions in the face of adversity or difficulty.” “Had the result of the 2020 Presidential Election been different, I think it is safe to say we would be in an entirely different scenario and witnessing a far stronger White House flex its diplomatic muscle on the world stage.”   The comments come after Biden unleashed two seperate gaffes, causing White House officials to reel and issue urgent corrections. The first, earlier this week, saw the POTUS imply US troops would have boots on the ground in Ukraine, a move denied by the White House. Speaking to the 82nd Airborne Division in Rzeszów Poland, Biden said: “You’re going to see when you’re there – some of you have been there – you’re going to see women, young people, standing in the middle, in front of a damn tank, saying, ‘I’m not leaving’,” However, not even a day later, Biden committed another blunder by seemingly calling for Putin to be removed from power, saying “For God’s sake, this man cannot remain in power,” after claiming the West would intervene should Russia move on “one single inch of NATO territory”. READ MORE: Putin feared ‘stronger repercussions’ under Trump, says expert  Mr Dolan continued by saying Trump would never have allowed Putin to move into Ukraine, outlining that his “unpredictability” as a leader made him a “dangerous enemy”. He said: “Donald Trump would simply not have allowed Vladimir Putin to conduct such a brazen attack on Western democratic values. “It is evident that Biden and Harris’ incompetence and perceived weakness has emboldened the Kremlin to act with hostile impunity.” “No-one would have been able to guess Trump's response to this situation, but that was his strength - an unpredictable leader with such awesome military capabilities is a very dangerous enemy indeed.” DON'T MISS:Putin turns to school kids to feed army as soldiers beg for food [REVEAL]Putin bluff to 'scale back' invasion could be deadly distraction [INSIGHT]Ivanka Trump fans gush as ex-president’s daughter returns to Instagram [SPOTLIGHT]  Mr Doland concluded by outlining that under the previous administration, Trump started no new wars and in fact negotiated five new peace deals. He said: “During President Trump’s tenure in the White House, he negotiated 5 new peace deals, instigated no new wars and no attacks were made on the United States. “It is extremely likely that under a further 4 years of Trump’s Presidency, this would have continued. “Conversely, in just a few short months, Biden has overseen the disastrous and deadly withdrawal from Afghanistan and brought the world as close to a nuclear war as it has been since the Cuban missile crisis.” 