The Briton had worked in Donetsk for more than four years and appeared on Saturday's BBC Breakfast to talk to Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt about the destruction of Ukrainian cities. As she talked about the way in which she recalled how the cities looked before the war, Sue became emotional and explained it was "difficult" to see images of the destroyed towns.  "Can you just tell me, four and a half years you were out there, where were you and what was it like?" Naga asked. "I mainly worked in Donetsk," Sue explained. "Which is a non-government-controlled area. "Most of my work was in villages and towns close to the contact lines. "So we were working with the local communities, monitoring ceasefire violations, basically looking at the human impact side of things." READ MORE: Vladimir Putin facing 'additional pressure' from alleged secret family Naga asked: "Give us an idea, it's very difficult, we've seen people fleeing the country - families having to leave men behind, sons, fathers, brothers, husbands. What kind of life were they living there? What was Donetsk like?" "Donetsk is a fabulous city," Sue replied. "It's multicultural, it was a big hub for industry. "It was set up by a Welsh guy called John Hughs." Sue delved into the history of the city, which became a big mining industry. Charlie commented: "This is a country you clearly know well and love. "Can we concentrate on Mariopul for a moment, now we, here, have become familiar with this place because it is now being devastated by airstrikes. "I daresay on your phone, you've probably got pictures of a beautiful city. "And I don't know, cafe culture and just the things that we all associate with it, and when you see pictures of what's happening-" DON'T MISS... Dad's Army star speaks out on first episode 'disappointment' [VIDEO]'Aggressive' Naga Munchetty slammed by BBC Breakfasts viewers [REACTION]Zaraah Abrahams husband: Who is Chelsea Fox star married to? [LATEST] Sue answered: "It's heartbreaking. Mariupol's a coastal city. "Again, quite industrialised, quite a bad problem with pollution there, but the actual city itself, there was a brand new shopping centre there, with an international supermarket. "The city centre itself was being regenerated, there were developing restaurants." "And then you look at these scenes," Charlie went on. Sue, becoming tearful, stated: "It's just unbelievable how quickly it's happened. "The devastation's just beyond belief." As she tried to continue talking, Sue paused as she explained: "It's... I can't, it's very difficult to understand it's the same place." Naga commented: "And I know this affects you because you have friends and you have co-workers out there, are you okay to carry on chatting?" Sue nodded as Naga went on: "Because the work you're doing is very important." BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.