You might be surprised to learn that Aldi is selling Apple's hugely popular AirPods. The supermarket chain is featuring these wireless earbuds on its online store and the good news is... they are much cheaper than buying them directly from Apple. Aldi is stocking the entry-level 2nd Gen AirPods with wired charging case on its online store for just £109.99 - that's £10 cheaper than heading to the Apple Store. YOU CAN SEE THE ALDI AIRPODS DEAL HERE That sounds like a very good deal but before you rush to tap the buy button it's worth checking out what Amazon has to offer. The online retailer is trumping Aldi with an even better discount. In fact, you can currently buy the AirPods for £99 - that's a whopping £20 saving. To make things even more affordable, Amazon is also offering the option to pay for the AirPods via five monthly instalments of just £19.80 - this offer is complete interest free so you won't be charged anything extra for spreading the cost. YOU CAN SEE THE AMAZON AIRPODS DEAL HERE As a quick reminder, the AirPods feature a fully wireless connection to your Apple devices and there's fast switching between the iPhone, iPad and MacBook so you don't have to dig into the settings each time you move to a different gadget. Start the music and you'll get around five hours of playback with the neat charging case offering a total of 24 hours before needing to find a plug. The only thing to note is that the case that comes with these earbuds can't be refilled wireless - you have to pay more for that feature. If you thought these deals were exciting then there's more big news coming next week with Apple holding a major launch event on March 8. It's fully expected that the US technology firm will reveal a new budget iPhone which looks set to feature 5G data speeds. Along with that iPhone, there are also rumours that a new iPad Air is coming soon which will almost certainly get a bump in performance and improvements to the screen, battery life and cameras. Express.co.uk will bring you all the news live as it happens from the Apple keynote so watch this space.