The aristocrat who was once married to a close associate of Vladimir Putin has warned the Russian leader is ready to trigger a nuclear conflict with the West. Countess Alexandra has spoken with Nick Ferrari on LBC about the potential use of nuclear weapons by Russia. "I hardly want to express my greatest fear but I suppose it's nuclear war," Countess Alexandra said. "He's capable of that - his narcissistic streak?" Mr Ferrari asked. "He is capable," Countess Alexandra said.  "So we're dealing with a narcissistic psychopath, which is pretty frightening," Mr Ferrari said. "If [Putin] is dying, I feel like he would think 'right, well everyone's going to die with me'. "There's a famous news segment in the Russian news where a news presenter says 'well, if Russia's not going to be in the world, then nobody's going to be in the world,' and I feel that's his view. "But, on the other hand, I have read that the chain of command – and there is a serious chain of command that will implement it – that it will not happen.  "We need to keep hope in that." Putin's military has been blamed for widespread civilian casualties as missiles and bombs continue to strike Ukrainian cities. Russia's advance appears to have become bogged down around a number of key cities amid tough Ukrainian resistance. It comes as the UK Foreign Office minister declared Russia's "plan of attack is not working" in Ukraine  James Cleverly told BBC Breakfast: "It was meant to be some kind of lightning war where Russian troops swept across Ukraine. "But what we're seeing is the defence by the Ukrainian people has been ferocious. "This, of course, is incredibly frustrating to Vladimir Putin and we're now seeing an escalation, the targeting of civilians and civilian infrastructure - which of course is illegal in international humanitarian law and the law of armed conflict. "Sadly, this is, I think, a by-product of his anger, his frustration at the ineffective attack that he has put into Ukraine and obviously, we continue to support the Ukrainian people through humanitarian aid, economic aid, and also that defensive military equipment that we've been providing."