One reader warned it was getting to the point “unemployment is the answer”. In 2022 alone, drivers will contend with Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) increases, new clean air zones and workplace parking charges. Petrol and diesel prices are now also at record highs after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine saw costs spiralling out of control. In the near future, London Mayor Sadioq Khan also has plans to extend his Ultra Low Emissions Zone (ULEZ) across the whole capital. A new pay per mile road pricing scheme is also being considered to replace VED and fuel duty as more drivers switch to electric cars. Express reader CHiPS said: “With crippling utility and fuel costs, plus the NI increase it's the [straw] that broke the camel's back. READ MORE: UK needs to 'shift burden away' from car ownership “It's getting to the point where unemployment is the answer. “I left the forces at the same time as my mate who had a wife and three children. “He decided to go on the dole, while I managed to find a job. “I was £5 a week better off than he was. He said he's not working for a £1 a day.” DON'T MISSCost of motoring in the UK rises 35 percent in five years [INSIGHT]Electric car costs ‘keep going up’ in risk to private ownership  [COMMENT]Private car ownership under threat as pay-as-you-go is ‘the future’ [ANALYSIS] Jaguar V8 claimed: “The greedy Government and politicians happy to award themselves big pay rises all the while sh***ing the public and motorists in particular. “What they fail to realise is that the working taxpayer only has so much disposable income and if it’s going to the taxman then they are unable to support other businesses with purchases. “That leads to companies collapsing, loss of jobs leading to less tax revenue and a downward spiral to a recession.” Another reader said: “It's no coincidence that those advocating increases in taxation and anti- car policies are deluded enough to believe that their circumstances are universal. “Tell that to the pensioner who needs to drive once a week to buy groceries or see their family!” Another change set to affect businesses next month is the ban on the use of rebated fuel from April 1. This means it will now be illegal to put red diesel into vehicles and machinery except under some circumstances. Responding to this news, reader Di.Rad warned the services they provide will soon be “unaffordable”. They said: “We have considered not working. “We are so heavily taxed, the service we provide will be unaffordable for our little customers. “What is the point in of having the stress to carry on. “To hand it all over to the government. “They have just got too greedy.”