Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, often shares cleaning tips and tricks on Instagram. Now more of a home organisation and family page, fans of the cleaning guru share their own advice on dedicated social media pages, including how to clean saucepans. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Irene Mitchell wrote: “Does anyone know how I can get my saucepan clean? “I accidentally left it on the cooker, it’s one of my best ones. The last bits won’t shift, don’t really want to bin it.” Residue from spilled sauces, sugary syrups and other food can cause the saucepan to burn if exposed to direct heat. This can be a hassle to clean off and end up ruining some saucepans and frying pans. READ MORE: Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share their advice, which included using washing powder. Cherie Green commented: “Washing power and water. Let it boil and then cool, burn marks will slide off.” Jen Griffiths added: “Works every time for me, no need for scrubbing.” Alison Riddell said: “100 percent washing powder works. Sprinkle washing powder and a little boiling water over burned food and leave to soak it, should come off with a light scrub and metal scourer.” DON'T MISS:How to get a quick house sale ‘without spending a penny’ [EXPERT]Soft furnishings can ‘instantly date’ a home - what to go for instead [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ [INSIGHT] The mixture can help to loosen stubborn charred bits off of the bottom of the pan. Other group members also recommended using a dishwasher tablet, using the same method. Edel Girr commented: “Two dishwasher tablets and boiling water, soak for a couple of hours.” Chelsey Cannon wrote: “Dishwasher tablet and pour enough boiling water to cover it. Leave it for as long as you like.” Mrs Hinch fans also shared top tips for cleaning oven trays using washing powder. Oven trays, like saucepans, can become extremely dirty due to food residue sticking to them. Courtney Andrews wrote: “Hi here, just thought I’d share an easy cleaning tip that my nan passed down to my dad and he’s just taught me. “I fill one cup of washing powder (I’m currently using DAZ) and then fill it with water from the kettle I’ve just boiled. “Leave it to soak overnight and then pour it down the sink. “Run the hot water on it for five minutes while completely scrubbing and rinsing away the powder residue with a scourer. “Once fully rinsed, squirt one drop of washing up liquid and rinse again with a clean scourer. “Rinse thoroughly and dry.”