Will Smith, 53, has been the talk of this year's Oscars after he slapped comedian Chris Rock, 57, over a joke involving his wife, Jada. On Instagram hours prior to his outburst Will caused a stir amongst fans, as he promised to "choose chaos" as he posed with Jada "all dressed up". Will took to Instagram hours prior to his memorable Oscars slap to pose with his wife Jada. The Oscar winning actor was suited and booted, with his silk tie featuring diamond detailing. Jada wore a volumised metallic green gown which featured a large ruffled train. In view of his 60 million Instagram followers, the King Richard actor posted the short video which featured funny snaps of the pair. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle He captioned the post: "Me ‘n @jadapinkettsmith got all dressed up to choose chaos." Many took to the post's comments to compliment the stunning pair, not knowing what would happen just a few hours later. Msdaphe13 said: "Fabulous!" Mrs_yanw commented: "I love how you guys love and live for each other under your own terms." Ceeloud_ added: "And choose chaos you did!" During comedian Chris Rock's speech prior to awarding the Best Documentary gong, he made a joke about Will's wife, Jada's hair. Referring to her shaved do, he said: "Jada, can't wait for GI Jane 2." Chris's joke referred to 1997 film GI Jane, in which Demi Moore played the title role with a buzzcut. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [BBC] Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga [INSIGHT] Ricky Gervais admits he 'can't be bothered' hosting Oscars [COMMENT] Will laughed at first, then walked up on stage and struck Chris before walking back to his seat. He then shouted from his seat: "Keep my wife's name out your f*****g mouth." The comedian looked shocked in the immediate aftermath of the incident, telling the audience: "That was the greatest night in the history of television." Will then later apologised for his outburst in his tearful Best Actor acceptance speech. He said: "I want to apologise to the Academy. I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees. "Art imitates life. I look like the crazy father, just like they said about Richard Williams. "But love will make you do crazy things." Will won the first Oscar of his career for playing the father of tennis legends Venus and Serena Williams in King Richard.