Liverpool's Carabao Cup triumph on Sunday has given the club extended reason to believe that they truly sit at the top table with the world's elite clubs once again. However, that may change if they do not resolve the contract situations of Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah, with reports claiming talks have yet to progress for the pair. The Reds took on Chelsea at Wembley, with an enthralling encounter ending 0-0 after a spate of missed chances and tight VAR calls. The game went to penalties and Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga fired over the bar as Jurgen Klopp's men won 11-10. Whilst the victory was rightly celebrated, attention now turns to the rest of the campaign which could see the Reds win the quadruple. And that includes club operations such as renewing expiring contracts - specifically Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane's - which have yet to be resolved according to Fabrizio Romano. Romano, as per Anfield Watch, states that whilst negotiations with Salah and his agent are still ongoing, there is a more pressing issue to commence with Mane. The Senegalese star last signed a deal in November 2018 to run until the summer of 2023, although there has yet to be any improvement on this. And with Salah suffering a similar fate with his contract also set to expire in 15 months, Liverpool chiefs will be scrambling to secure their signatures for longer in one of the world's most star-studded squads. But Romano states that talks have yet to commence for the duo. "While the negotiations with Mohamed Salah and his agent are still underway with Liverpool, who have more and more urgency in wanting to reach a definitive agreement, concrete negotiations with Sadio Mane have not yet started," Romano said.  "The forward has just one year left to run on his current deal come the end of the season and Liverpool will have to carefully evaluate the management of the budget on the contracts for both him and Salah - and not forgetting Roberto Firmino too. "The priority within the club is to resolve Salah's situation as soon as possible, but Mane and Firmino are also awaiting the final proposals from Liverpool. There is no need to specify it, but Jurgen Klopp's opinion is very clear on the topic of Salah: he is a world-class player, a star that Liverpool must try in every way to keep even for the future of the club. "Klopp is in no way involved in the negotiation of contracts and in the wages of the players, he observes situations with the utmost respect, but his opinion is always important and there is no doubt that Salah remains a decisive player in the strategies of the German manager and the Liverpool board. The question is purely economic."  DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  Liverpool currently sit second in the Premier League, just six points behind Manchester City with a game in hand. They have a superior goal difference due to their goalscoring prowess, having scored 70 goals in just 26 league games. They face Norwich in the FA Cup on Wednesday evening in a bid to further their hopes of winning a quadruple. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.