Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey officials made special arrangements to make sure the Queen would be able to attend the memorial service in memory of her husband Prince Philip on Tuesday. And the successful outcome of her attendance, which marked the first engagement outside palace walls she undertook since mid-October last year, provides an encouraging precedent in the run-up to the long bank holiday weekend in June dedicated to the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. The Sun's Matt Wilkinson wrote: "Aides will be confident similar plans can be used for these events." On Tuesday, the Queen departed from Windsor aboard a Land Rover, which she shared with her second son Prince Andrew. The pair arrived at Buckingham Palace, where they were transferred into the Queen's Bentley State limousine. Together, they were driven to the abbey in Central London. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here However, the monarch did not enter Westminster Abbey through the main Great West Door, arriving via the entrance at Poet's Corner. The monarch was helped by her son to walk through the abbey's nave to the Henry VII Lady Chapel, but walked alone, using a light walking stick, to her seat next to Prince Charles. Throughout the ceremony, Her Majesty stood firmly on her feet to sing the hymns. As the emotional service ended, the Queen was once again accompanied by Prince Andrew towards the exit. READ MORE: Prince Charles will need to 'slam the door in Andrew's face' But she did find the time to exchange a few words with the Dean of Windsor and some of the other clergymen. The Queen and Andrew travelled back together to Windsor in the same way they had arrived in Central London. The Queen is widely expected to attend some of the events planned between June 2 and June 5 to celebrate her 70th year on the throne. Among those already announced, there is the return of Trooping the Colour to London, after being held in a streamlined manner for two years in the Quadrangle at Windsor Castle due to the pandemic.    The Queen will surely like to attend the Epsom Derby - the only main race in which her horses still have to triumph - falling in the midst of the celebratory weekend. Moreover, a service of thanksgiving will take place at St Paul's Cathedral to mark her record-breaking reign. Her Majesty's attendance at any of these events is unlikely to be confirmed by Buckingham Palace in advance, as officials may want to give her the wiggle room to be able to pull out of any engagement last minute if she doesn't feel up for it. Her Majesty is believed to be experiencing mobility issues. The Queen was first spotted using a light walking stick during an engagement at Westminster Abbey in early October last year. At the time, Buckingham Palace said the use of the stick was due to her comfort rather than to any specific ailment. She has since been seen using it on and off during public appearances. On October 20, the monarch sparked health concerns among royal fans as the palace announced she was cancelling a planned two-day visit to Northern Ireland after her doctors had advised her to rest for a few days. It later emerged the monarch had been taken to hospital on that day to run some "preliminary" tests, the nature of which had never been revealed. Prior to yesterday, the Queen had not carried out any official visit outside her residences since then. On March 14, the monarch was due to attend the Commonwealth Day service at the abbey - but a few days prior the palace announced she would not head to central London. Rather, she was represented at the gathering by her son and heir, Prince Charles.