The world of entertainment is full of cheeky moments where an artist has snuck a very adult reference into their work. From the Beatles' Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds (supposed LSD reference) to Disney animators hiding rude shapes in beloved films or notorious children's show Captain Pugwash (with his trusty sidekick Master Bates), countless juicy urban legends have sprung up. However, Adams himself is the one who originally ignited the blaze around one of his most enduring and singalong songs - with a very saucy chorus. Adams was being interviewed for Aussie show Today Extra by hosts David Campbell and Belinda Russell, when she asked him about his huge 1984 hit Summer of 69. She said: "1969 was a pretty big year in history.. The Moon Landings, Woodstock.. but you were just a kid back then. So what is the story behind Summer of 69?" Adams bluntly shot back: "I don't want to talk about that. I want to talk about the new album, that's why I'm here," to which David replied, "Wow, OK." That sounds fair enough, except Belinda was actually disingenuously trawling for a far juicier reply – and Adams knew it and refused to play ball. The rock star actually started the whole furore when he decided to reveal that everyone had been wrong about his 1984 hit. He has previously joked about it on stage during shows but this time he decided to be upfront in an interview. The title and chorus can certainly be interpreted in a straightforward celebration of a memorable year in a man's life. Adams himself was only nine years old in 1969. The song emerged from intense recording sessions with the legendary Mutt Lange. Although now rightly regarded as a classic, it was not a major success on release. It charted in the US but made no impact across Europe. It wasn't until it surged to number one in Holland ten years later that it began a bumper second life and is now the star's most-streamed song. The line "Jimmy quit and Jodie got married", however, references Adams' former drummer Jimmy while Jody Perpik is still his soundman all these years later. BRYAN ADAMS' NEW ALBUM SO HAPPY IT HURTS IS OUT NOW BRYAN ADAMS INTERVIEW ABOUT SUMMER OF 69 WITH LOUDER