Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, and John Travolta, 68, starred together in the 1985 movie Perfect, a film famous for its high power workout scenes. The Hollywood stars shared their equally "perfect" reunion, while John and his young son also adopted a dog Jamie brought on stage with her in tribute to the late Betty White. Jamie stunned at the Academy Awards in an elegant bejewelled dark blue gown. John also looked very smart in a maroon suit, accompanied with a black T-shirt underneath. Jamie took to Instagram to share the pair's reunion, while reflecting on their time on the set of Perfect. She penned in view of her four million Instagram followers: "Although I loved connecting with old friends like my PERFECT mate @johntravolta I also made new friends like Chad Atkins who is the founder and executive director of @pawworks where the sweet, beautiful little rescue pup I brought with me to make the OSCAR tribute to Betty White came from." READ MORE: Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis When Jamie took to the stage, she was accompanied by Mac and Cheese, a little rescue dog, as she paid tribute to Golden Girls actress Betty White, who was famous for her love of animals. She then shared a picture of John with the dog backstage with the comment: "Look who grabbed a hold of sweet mac & cheese to hold backstage after I had left. "Thrilled to see my friend John @johntravolta my PAWFECT co-star and our shared passions! @pawworks." To the surprise of many, Jamie then shared a picture of John and his son with Mac and Cheese in the early hours of this morning. The caption read: "A MAGICAL ending to the story from last night. At the Oscars I reconnected with my friend, John Travolta. @johntravolta "We starred together in the movie PERFECT back in 1984. "I had already left the Dolby theater last night after honoring Betty White and was on my way home when someone texted me a photo of John holding little mac & cheese in the green room before his presentation of the best actor Oscar. "I thought it was so beautiful to see him with her and then today I found out that he and his son, Ben have adopted beautiful little mac & cheese and are taking her home today." DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [PICTURES] Salma Hayek angers fans by supporting Will Smith after Oscars slap [OSCARS] Bond girl Jane Seymour says she's never had plastic surgery [COMMENT] She continued: "It is an emotional end and a perfect tribute to Betty White and it shines a light and AMPLIFIES the message that heroes who, like Betty, and Chad from @pawworks and Nancy from @perfect_pet_rescue and the team at @maedayrescue and the hundreds of thousands of other rescues, who love and support ANIMALS, that rescuing animals and offering them shelter from the storm of life and a warm and loving home is one of life's most important actions we humans can take! #adoptdontshop." (sic) Many took to the post's comments to credit John on his good deed and comment on the actors' reunion. Aliadler said: "You could also say it was a PERFECT end." Hartlapoint added: "How beautiful! Thank you for reminding me that the stars we see on the big screen have big beautiful hearts and are more human than we realise! "Love me some Curtis and Travolta!" John Stamos commented: "LOVE JOHN LOVE YOU. You continue to be the classiest person in any joint you walk into!" Perfect was a 1985 American romantic drama film directed by James Bridges and distributed by Columbia Pictures. Journalist Adam Laurence (John Travolta) is assigned to cover a second story and decides to do an exposé on fitness clubs, where he meets an aerobics instructor named Jessie Wilson (Jamie Lee Curtis).