Many British people dream of moving abroad as expats. Where better than the happiest country in the world? Next Vacay used data from the 2021 World Happiness Report to rank the 10 happiest countries in the world. The happiest country in the world was named as the beautiful Scandinavian nation of Denmark. A Next Vacay spokesperson said: “With a peaceful and tranquil atmosphere, it comes as no surprise that Denmark is one of the happiest places on earth. “From tuition-free universities to free public healthcare, there are plenty of benefits for Denmark citizens. READ MORE: Chaos ensues for tourists at Tenerife South airport “Tourists are mesmerised by the gorgeous cultural scene and strong community spirit.” The second happiest country in the world was stunning Switzerland. The country was also named as the best destination for expats by the HSBC Expat Explorer survey. Next Vacay said: “Switzerland is beautiful all year round. It is known for its natural landscapes and tantalising alpine scenery, but it is also one of the happiest destinations on earth. “With a big focus on freedom and excellent healthcare, no wonder travellers are eager to explore and immerse themselves in the culture.” The third happiest nation in the world was also located in Scandinavia. Finland was ranked in third place. Next Vacay said: “Finland is the ideal destination for escaping your Monday blues. “While the factors causing such happiness range from a high standard of living to enjoying an alcoholic beverage, it is clear Finland follows a free and relaxed way of life compared to other destinations.” While many Britons might think of Lapland when they picture Finland, the country is also a beautiful summer destination with plenty of water to relax next to. Iceland was ranked as the fourth happiest country in the world. British expats who aren’t afraid of the cold could be tempted by the Land of Fire and Ice. Next Vacay said: “Another destination famous for visiting the Northern Lights, Iceland is everything you could wish for if you’re searching for an exciting winter vacation. “From the Blue Lagoon to whale-watching, there are plenty of once-in-a-lifetime activities that will bring joy to this vacation.” It said that searches for holidays in Iceland have increased by 144 percent this year as travellers are eager to get away. Sweden was ranked as the fifth happiest country in the world. The gorgeous country is the third Scandinavian nation to make the list. Next Vacay said: “Boasting thousands of forests and inland lakes, this stunning destination joins the growing list of Scandinavian countries rooted in happiness. “Known for having a blend of interesting culture and history, it also boasts urban sophistication.” 