Samsung first announced its new range of shiny 4K and 8K TVs back in January with fans getting their first glimpse of these new screens at the CES technology show in Las Vegas. Now after months of waiting, the Korean technology firm has finally made their range of tellies available to pre-order and they are more affordable than you might think. As a quick reminder, Samsung is promising that its latest and greatest Neo QLED displays will offer its best ever viewing experience. That's all thanks to new technologies including Shape Adaptive Light which is able to monitor exactly what is being shown on the screen and change things such as brightness and contrast to offer the perfect picture. There's also Eye Comfort mode which does exactly what it says on the tin and helps reduce strain when watching endless boxsets. Sound is boosted thanks to improvements to Samsung's OTS (Object Tracking Sound) with a new Pro option now incorporates powerful up-firing speakers to create overhead surround sound. Other extras include an improved user interface and there's a remote control that's not only able to get a boost from solar energy but can also harvest energy from your Wi-Fi to make sure it never runs low on power. READ MORE: Samsung's new £179 Android smartphone has to be seen to be believed Sound exciting? Well, you can now pre-order the 2022 range of TVs with Samsung even throwing in pair of earbuds for those that add one to their shopping basket ahead of the April release date. Of course, you're probably wondering how much one of these new screens is going to set you back and they are certainly not cheap with things starting from around £1,399 for the 43-inch model. Luckily, Samsung is helping to make things a little more affordable thanks to zero percent interest which means you can spread the cost over 36 months without paying anything extra for the privilege. For example, you can take delivery of the 43" QN90B Neo QLED 4K HDR Smart TV and pay just £38.87 per month. You can check out that deal here Or there's the 50" QN90B Neo QLED 4K for £41.64 per month. See that deal here If you want a bigger screen then the 55” QN700B Neo QLED 8K HDR Smart TV is £77.75 per month. Sadly, things do then start to get pretty pricey the larger you go with Samsung's 75-inch range starting from around £100 per month. Those needing the ultimate 85-inch experience can expect to see a rather hefty £200 removed from their bank account each month - ouch! Along with these standard TVs going on sale, Samsung has also given its lifestyle tellies an upgrade with The Frame and Sero now getting improved features such as a more seamless design and unique Matte Display that reduces annoying glare.