EastEnders has seen Zaraah at the centre of some big storylines lately after her character Chelsea married abusive lawyer Gray Atkins (played by Toby-Alexander Smith). Tuesday's episode saw a huge cliffhanger regarding their relationship after Gray realised Chelsea had been recording his murder confession. Chelsea's character was originally on the BBC soap from 2006 to 2010, where she was depicted by Tiana Benjamin. Zaraah was recast as Chelsea when she returned to the soap in 2020, but who is her real-life husband? Who is Zaraah Abrahams married to? Zaraah grew up in south London as the youngest of three siblings. Before being cast on EastEnders, the 35-year-old was known for her roles in Waterloo Road, where she played schoolgirl Michaela White. She also starred in Coronation Street as Joanne Jackson from 2005 to 2007.  The actress competed in ITV's Dancing on Ice in 2014, where she came in third place. READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? In 2021, she appeared in ITV drama The Bay as DS Emma Ryan for two instalments. She trained at the Italia Conti School for Performing Arts and first landed a role in children's author Jacqueline Wilson's Girls In Love TV adaptation while she was still in school. In 2015, she joined the cast of the Cinemax series The Knick. A medical drama, the series was set around a New York hospital in the early 20th century and she took on the role of Opal. In October 2020, it was announced she would be taking over the role of Chelsea Fox. Her first episode was Christmas Day of 2020. There are mixed reports on whether or not Zaraah is single, married or in a relationship, but she is believed to be single. As well as her main roles, Zaraah has landed smaller acting gigs in the film Payback Season, ITV drama Scott and Bailey and Holby City. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise’s Marlon Pryce star on challenges of filming [LATEST]EastEnders twist as Jean Salter outcast from family? [SPOILER]Prince William snubs BAFTAs in major blow for BBC [LATEST] Fans of EastEnders have taken to her portrayal of Chelsea, with many concerned for the Walford resident's fate. Wednesday's episode sent viewers into meltdown as it seemed Chelsea would be in danger. Twitter use Chlo wrote: "If they bump Chelsea off, I’m not watching no more. #EastEnders." (sic) Fatimah penned: "If Gray kills Chelsea omgggg #EastEnders." "I just hope Chelsea gets away and he gets locked up and the key thrown away, he better not die that’s the easy way out #EastEnders," Lousie Wilson shared. @Scottish_Suzi added: "Chelsea seriously took one for the team, so worried about the aftermath today!! @bbceastenders." Josh tweeted: "The 999 call from Chelsea last night was so smart just hope she doesn’t end up getting killed before he gets caught! Get the b******!! #Eastenders." EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One