Bryan Adams appeared virtually Down Under as he joined Australian chat show hosts David Campbell and Belinda Russell on Thursday's Today Extra. The star looked calm and collected as he joined in from Vancouver, Canada and was there to promote his new album So Happy it Hurts. It was clear early on in the interview that he only wanted to talk about his new album and not his extensive back catalogue. So Happy It Hurts marks the Everything I Do singer's 15th studio album and 16th studio release. Hitting the charts on March 11 the 62-year-old is doing the rounds on his press tour. Hoping to impress Australian listeners, the star snapped at morning host Belinda for asking the wrong question. She said: "1969 though, was a pretty big year in history; The Moon Landings, Woodstock, but you were just a kid back then. Read More: Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk 'leave village' in April Windsor twist "So what is the story behind Summer of 69?" The pop star clapped back without skipping a beat: "I don't want to talk about that. I want to talk about the new album. That's why I'm here." Belinda sensed the tone and professionally moved on, but her co-host David was taken back and let out a surprised "Wow, OK." The question came shortly into the interview after David spoke fondly about the singer's fanbase in Australia. Belinda glossed over the awkward altercation, and she continued: "Sure, let's talk about it. "So Happy It Hurts is officially out. We were listening to it before, it's a great song." Bryan went on to mention how his mother, who is 94, appears in one of the music videos for the new album. The news channel tweeted out the interview with the comment: "He's the man who needs no introduction, Grammy-award winning, platinum-selling recording artist, @bryanadams and his six-string have been rocking us for nearly five decades! DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? [LATEST]How to watch Yellowstone for free in the UK [LATEST] "Adams is showing no signs of stopping, releasing his fifteenth studio album, So Happy it Hurts #TodayExtra." Viewer of the show @Wyckerman replied: "That's the way all TV show hosts should be dealt with [laughing emoji]." @Pilky999 added: "Pretentious fool!!" In 1969 Bryan would have only been nine-years-old which means the song is unlikely based on any life events that happened to him at that time. However, he has spoken in-depth about the chart-topping song in other interviews, which might explain his short fuse when it came to what he may consider a repetitive question. "I only ever wrote that title because it made me laugh," he told the Independent. Back in 2020 he told the publication Louder: "There is a huge misconception that this song is about 1969, but it's not. "The reason I chose 69 is because of the sexual position." BRYAN ADAMS' NEW ALBUM SO HAPPY IT HURTS IS OUT NOW