Inheritance tax is chargeable on the value of a person’s estate above a certain threshold - usually at 40 percent. The tax is generally loathed by Britons, and thus it is bad news as more people are getting pulled over the threshold. New HMRC data released today has shown IHT receipts for April 2021 to February 2022 were £5.5billion - some £0.7billion higher than the same period a year earlier. There are a number of reasons as to why the inheritance tax take for the Treasury is continuing to soar. Particularly, inflation means the value of assets are increasing, dragging more into the tax net. Julia Rosenbloom, tax partner at Tilney, Smith and Williamson, said: “IHT tax receipts are the gift that keeps on giving for the Treasury as they show yet another year-on-year rise. READ MORE: ‘How will they survive?!’ Pensioners may be £1,000 ‘in the red’ “This latest update from HMRC should be a wake-up call for families to think carefully about their tax planning. “The outlook for personal taxes for the coming years is far from certain. However, even without any changes to the way IHT is taxed, many people can still expect to see increased IHT bills given both the nil rate band and residence nil rate band have been frozen until at least April 2026. “This is bringing more estates into scope, not least because of rising property values.” Strong rises in house prices have also been attributed as one of the reasons why more households are becoming subject to income tax. DON'T MISSVirgin Money offers 2.02% interest rate and £100 gift [INSIGHT]PIP payment dates will change next month - when will you be paid? [ANALYSIS]State pension warning as sum may be affected by other pensions [EXPLAINED] The average house in the UK is now worth more than £350,000 in a dizzying rise for homeowners. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, said: “IHT receipts rose in 2021, partly due to higher death rates during the pandemic but gains in house prices approaching 10 percent a year will also push more estates above the exempt thresholds. “Across the country, IHT is paid on about one in 25 estates but the numbers of estates paying the tax is higher where home prices are higher, most obviously in London and the South East. “Although property sales numbers have fallen overall, the number of properties selling for more than £500,000 has increased and now makes up 17 percent of all sales in England and Wales in 2021 compared to 11 percent just two years earlier.” As a result of inheritance tax receipts rising, experts have urged Britons to plan ahead with their tax. Mr Lowe has said property can be difficult to take into account when it comes to estate planning as it is a fairly illiquid asset. As such, individuals have been urged to take regulated advice to see how their property may impact their estate. When it comes to the rest of the estate, there may be more actions Britons can take. Ms Rosenbloom pointed towards the idea of regular gifts out of income as an important IHT exemption. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She added: “Where an individual has more income than they need to maintain their standard of living, and they make regular gifts to someone out of that excess income, the seven year survival requirement does not apply; the gifts are just immediately exempt. “With inflation and the rise in the cost of living, people should review any arrangements they have in this respect as they may have less excess income. “If they are giving away more than their excess income, the gift is actually a potentially exempt transfer (PET) and there could be an IHT charge in the event of death within seven years. Plus, it can be an administrative nightmare for the executors as people rarely keep good records.” The exemption, Ms Rosenbloom acknowledged, may not be widely known or understood. However, individuals could be benefitting from it without their knowledge. For example, if grandparents pay private school fees, they could be using gifts out of income.