Speaking in Warsaw, Poland, the Prime Minister vowed to continue to work with Western nations to ramp up sanctions on Moscow and leave Russia's economy in tatters as punishment for its war on Kyiv. Mr Johnson warned Putin was using "barbaric and indiscriminate tactics against innocent civilians" and was prepared to "bomb tower blocks, to send missiles into tower blocks, to kill children, as we are seeing in increasing numbers". Lashing out at the Kremlin, the Prime Minister praised Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky's "leadership and courage" saying his country's plight had united the West in tackling Russia. "I think he has inspired and mobilised not only his own people, he is inspiring and mobilising the world in outrage at what is happening in Ukraine," he said. "Putin has stubbed his toe and tripped on a giant and immovable fact, which is no matter how many troops and tanks he sends, the Ukrainians' desire to live in a free and independent country is something that holds. And in this desire, the UK will always give them our wholehearted support. "In the face of this gathering tragedy, I say to Vladimir Putin and his regime: There is only one way out of this morass, and that is to stop the tanks, to turn back the tanks on their way to Kyiv. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "Turn them round and take the path to peace." Western allies have imposed crippling sanctions on Moscow over the past week as it punished Putin for his war on Ukraine. The Russian economy has suffered devastating consequences from the strict measures imposed so far. The rouble - Russia's national currency - dropped as much as 40 percent against the dollar yesterday, although the currency clawed back a bit of ground this morning. Sanctions have also severely hit the stock market, with $250billion wiped off. The Central Bank of the Russian Federation was forced to hike up interest rates from 9.5 percent to 20 percent to try and stabilise the economy amid the sudden collapse. The Prime Minister is visiting Poland and Estonia to help show the UK's support for its eastern NATO allies. Speaking alongside Mr Johnson, Polish prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki called on even more sanctions to be imposed on Moscow to keep tip the pressure on Putin. "The sanctions package and strengthening of the eastern flank of NATO is what we need today and what we are focusing on," he said. DON'T MISS:EU fights back! Putin's plot foiled as Ukraine deepens energy ties [UPDATE]Falklands row explodes as UK accused of 'warmongering' like Putin [REACTION]Panicked Russians queue for cash as ruble plummets [INSIGHT] NATO countries on the eastern front, including Poland, fear Putin could launch an attack on them next if Russia is successful in his invasion of Ukraine. Echoing the fears, Mr Johnson said today: "We know if Putin succeeds in trampling Ukraine his imperial ambitions will not stop at their borders. It would be a world where might is right. "Putin’s aim is to overthrow the post-Cold War era." Conflict in Ukraine has now entered its sixth day, with Putin ramping up its attack on the European democracy in the face of staunch resistance. On Sunday the Russian dictator suggested he has placed the country's nuclear deterrent on high alert. Overnight it also feared Moscow used chemical weapons on civilians in Ukraine in a desperate bid to gain the upper hand in the war. Western officials believe that so far around half of the Russian forces that had been ringed around Ukraine's borders have been committed to the assault on the country. "We must accept the grim reality that Putin will continue to tighten the vice and, if you go by the size and firepower of Vladimir Putin's war machine, the odds have always been heavily against Ukrainian armed forces," Mr Johnson said. "He has hurled his war machine on the people of Ukraine, a fellow Slavic country. 