Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta might be in for a busy summer as he looks to land fourth spot in the Premier League ahead of Manchester United. Gunners great Alan Smith exclusively spoke to Express Sport about his former club. Arsenal boss Arteta has been told he has three advantages over United going into the business end of the season. And the Spaniard might be in for a busy summer as well, according to Gunners legend Smith. The north London side are in pole position to land fourth spot in the Premier League ahead of the Red Devils and Tottenham. After beating Watford 3-2 at the weekend, it has put them in a Champions League position and a point ahead of United - with three games in hand over them. Despite Ralf Rangnick having a side that has had the most money spent on it, they look miles off the pace. And Smith reckons Arsenal will triumph over them for three reasons, telling Express Sport at the London Football Awards: “When you look at the resources and the money that Manchester United have spent, you expect them to breeze into that top-four position. “They continue be go up and down, you don’t know what you are going to get. So that is encouragement for the likes of Arsenal and Spurs, though it has been a bit turbulent there lately. “The thing about Arsenal is they are very together, there are not many dramas coming out of there. Arteta seems to have a firm hold over that team. “They have three games in hand over Manchester United and West Ham. If they were to win them, they would be in a great position.” Arsenal have already appeared to outline their plans for the transfer window at the end of the season. Arteta is desperate to sign a striker after missing out on Dusan Vlahovic in the January market, while Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are out of contract in the summer. Whatever the Gunners coach does, there is plenty on his to-do list but Smith believes his old club are in a better place than before. He added: “It will be interesting to see what they do this summer but obviously they need a striker or two. But I do think that the recruitment side of the club are in much better order. “You saw that with the signings of [Takehiro] Tomiyasu, Ben White, Aaron Ramsdale, that they have got their act together so hopefully that bodes well for this summer. “Arteta has got rid of the ones that he did not want, whether that is on loan or sold. “Obviously the big one is Aubameyang, I never thought they would be able to find a club for him. So that has been a big gamble on Arteta’s part, considering what he has left behind. “But as a manager you have to make big decisions and that was one of those but he must be hoping for no injuries to [Alexandre] Lacazette and [Eddie] Nketiah. “But yeah, there is a lot of work for Arteta in the summer.”