  ITV talk show host Lorraine Kelly has shared her dramatic weight loss transformation with her 476,000 Instagram followers. The journalist has teamed up with WW (formerly known as Weight Watchers) in hopes of getting her “va va voom back”, after forming unhealthy lifestyle habits over lockdown.      Lorraine, 62, took to Instagram last night to share an update on her weight loss journey. The star posted a picture of herself holding a WW pamphlet reading “congratulations” on her recent milestone next to another snap with Celebrity Ambassador Coach Suzy Stirling. Lorraine captioned the photos: “FIVE weeks in and feeling happier and healthier which is what it’s all about ! Thanks @wwsuzystirfry and @ww.uk. She then repeated the words from Suzy’s own identical post about the presenter’s progress. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award       “This is what success looks like!!!” Suzy penned proudly. “Massive well done to @lorrainekellysmith not only have you achieved your half stone but you’ve lost a whopping ELEVEN pounds!!! “Three pounds for a stone! FANTASTIC!!! @ww.uk and I are SUPER proud. “What a fantastic journey you’re having,” she added, with hug and fist-bump emojis.      Lorraine recently spoke to Express.co.uk about how she was dismayed to find that she had gone from a size 10 to a size 14 due to a lack of exercise and indulging in more junk food during lockdown. The star agreed that, while the perfect size is different for every person, she wanted to get back to feeling like herself again with the help of WW. “It’s not about how much space you take up in the world,” Lorraine explained. “It’s about what’s right for you. It all comes down to confidence, doesn’t it?” “I think the main thing for me is that I just want to get my va va voom back ,” she continued. “Just to get me back from before the pandemic.” READ MORE... Emmerdale's Emma Atkins issues warning to Lucy Pargeter over soap [NEWS] Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [NEWS] Holly Willoughby sparks concern over Stacey Solomon's absence [NEWS]      “And I know I can do that because I’ve done it before, but this time I just wanted a helping hand. “It’s not about weight anymore, we’ve advanced, we’ve moved on. That’s really what I want to get across - and avoiding stupid dieting because it doesn’t work!” When asked if she still felt that diet culture was still prevalent today, Lorraine replied: “I really, really hope not, because diets don’t work, I've said that for years, and that’s why it’s so important not to be fixated on weight or anything like that. “It's all about how you feel inside. I’ve got friends that are size six; they're teeny-tiny, and that's the way they're supposed to be and they’re dead healthy.       “On the other side of that, I’ve got really good friends who are 16 to 18 and they’re happy and healthy. “It’s all about acceptance and feeling good in yourself,” she concluded. Lorraine Kelly has joined WW as a new ambassador. #joinLorraine on her weight loss and wellness journey with WW, where you can enjoy the foods you love with no restrictions. To be your best self whilst still losing weight, visit ww.com/uk/ambassadors/lorraine-kelly and get 50% off today. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.   