Just two of the couples from the second season of Love Is Blind have confirmed they’re still together after their whirlwind romances in the pods. However, rumours are flying now the latest instalment of the Netflix reality series has come to an end, and fan-favourite Deepti Vempati has put the speculation about herself and co-star Kyle Abrams to bed. Deepti has confirmed she is not dating her Love Is Blind co-star Kyle, despite persistent rumours. Couples Jarrette Jones and Iyanna McNeely and Nick Thompson and Danielle Ruhl have reportedly stuck it out after the chaotic match-making show. Unfortunately, the other romances didn’t quite pan out thanks to some rocky moments during the Mexico retreat. Despite making a connection in the pods, Deepti and Shake’s fling soon fell apart. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one Shake was even held accountable during the second season’s reunion episode for comments he had made about Deepti’s physical appearance. Their co-star Kyle leaping to Deepti’s defence caused some viewers to jump to the conclusion they had started seeing each other behind the scenes. Kyle said: "I should have tried harder for you. I mean, I love her so much. She's the best. “And I wish I saw what was right in front of me. That's my biggest regret. I'm sorry... I love her. She's the best.” However, Deepti has now stepped in to put an end to the speculation and confirmed she and Kyle have not started dating. “A lot of people don't know that Kyle was my number two person in the pods,” she revealed to MailOnline. “We did connect a lot, we spent hours and hours talking and after filming wrapped, we started talking again.” Although they became close during their time on and after the series, their relationship has not been taken to the next level. DON'T MISS:Drive to Survive viewers outraged as Verstappen missing in season 4 [REACTION]Tales of the Walking Dead: Tyreese star teases reunion in AMC spin-off [EXCLUSIVE]Vikings' original cast member teases return in Netflix Valhalla sequel [INTERVIEW] She continued: “He's my best friend, biggest support system, and I am grateful for him and the rest of the cast for supporting me. “I don't know about anything more at this stage because we're just good friends.” Fans felt Deepti’s initial match Shake made several faux pas during their time in the pods. Although he proposed to her after they left the pods, Shake was caught on camera numerous times admitting he wasn’t sexually attracted to her. After cutting off the engagement at their wedding ceremony, Deepti told him: “I hope how much you mean to me, and the impact you've made on my life. “But no, I cannot marry you. I deserve somebody that knows for sure. So I'm choosing myself, and I'm going to say no.” Shake later publicly apologised for the comments he made about Deepti’s appearance behind her back. “Deepti, I am truly sorry for some of the things I said,” he said in a recent Instagram video. “Things that, honestly, just could’ve been left unsaid, or could have been said differently. Things that never should have been said on national television.” Shake also confirmed he had reached out to his co-star privately, while Deepti confirmed to Page Six she doesn’t regret turning him down at the altar. Love Is Blind season 2 is available to stream on Netflix.