Dr Michael Mosley is a firm believer in intermittent fasting techniques to achieve rapid weight loss and has shared an "easy" method one can do every day in order to see results. He calls it "exercise snacking", and it's something most people can fit into their busy work and life schedules. Speaking on his podcast Just One Thing, Dr Mosley revealed that by doing multiple short bursts of exercise during the day, it's more effective than trying to fit it all into a full workout. He explained: "Doing exercise in short chunks really can help you burn more calories, lose more weight, and help improve your blood glucose and blood pressure to a greater degree than doing it in larger chunks." The nutritionist stated the method is ideal for those who struggle to fit exercise into their everyday lives as it can only take "a minute". "Stairs are a particularly good way of getting in a few exercise snacks," he added. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure "The surprising thing about exercise snacking is that although each session is short, it gives you the same – possibly even greater – fitness and health benefits than doing a full 30-minute workout." Dr Mosley revealed that if paired with other lifestyles changes, this simple weight loss hack "can really" help people wanting to shed some poundage. Another important tip is to increase the intake of protein, according to the nutrition expert. He explained: "It’s really important to have a decent amount of protein, which is 50 to 70 grams a day DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "You can mainly get protein from meat or from fish, and you can also get it from legumes. "But you have to eat rather more, which is why following the Fast 800 on a vegetarian diet is more challenging." “We do have meal replacement shakes which are very rich in protein, and we’re also aiming to produce protein boosters, to help people who might otherwise struggle with it." He went on to explain that the reason protein has such great health benefits, is that it promotes muscle growth. "You need it for all sorts of essential metabolic processes," he added. "And, also, because when you consume it, it’s digested slower by your body so you don't get the same sort of peaks." Foods that are high in protein include: Chicken Turkey White fish Lean beef and pork Tofu Beans Lentils Eggs