With the fourth season of Virgin River in the final stages of its production, fans are on tenterhooks to see Mel Monroe (played by Alexandra Breckenridge) and Jack Sheridan back on Netflix to see the next steps in their whirlwind romance. With a pregnancy and unanswered proposal lingering, season four promises to be one of the most dramatic yet. In the meantime, however, some of the cast and crew have been working on other projects - including one Breckenridge was keen to shed light on for touching reasons. Breckenridge had shared a couple of Instagram stories which included links to songs made by her friend and Virgin River hairstylist, Calvyn Cass. Cass has worked alongside Breckenridge for the past few years on Virgin River with the actor revealing he helped style her hair. Showing her support, she explained on Instagram: “Hey there! So I’m going to explain the last two links that I posted. “A friend of mine, Calvyn Cass, who happened to do my hair colour for Virgin River for the last two years, he’s a phenomenal artist and amazing singer.” READ MORE: Virgin River season 4 release: Mel star drops huge update She delved further about his new role and project: “He is doing a reality TV show where the voting has just started. “The great thing about this is that they partnered with the Jed Foundation to raise money for suicide prevention programs in schools. “It’s a great cause with a very important message. So the song he posted about, it’s his own experience with getting close to those suicidal thoughts. “It was the first song he wrote when he got back into music and he wasn’t gonna release it but… Point is, send him a vote,” Breckenridge encouraged. She signed off: “Follow the links that I put in the last couple of pages of this story. It’s for a good cause and he really is a lovely person.” The reality TV project in question is called Influence Me which, according to the channel’s Instagram page, is on the search for the next big digital star. Putting forward his own song, Lifeline, Cass echoed Breckenridge’s words as he said: “Lifeline is my journey through the darkness. Being a part of a project supporting people finding their way through their own would be an honor. “Please support me by voting for me March 8th to appear on @influencemetv #influencemetv.” DON'T MISS:Virgin River's Martin Henderson supported by co-stars on his new roleVirgin River’s Charmaine star sparks concern after sharing bloody snapVirgin River creator sparks frenzy with major update amid season 4 lag Meanwhile, Martin Henderson was also on the receiving end of kind words of support from his co-stars recently after unveiling his participation in a big-screen project away from the show. Alongside the likes of Mia Goth and Jenna Ortega, Henderson will soon star in nail-biting horror X. Taking to Instagram last month, Henderson shared the poster for the movie alongside the caption: “Putting the X in #SXSW, World Premiere March 13.” In response, Preacher star Colin Lawrence replied with a series of applaud emojis. Brady star Benjamin Hollingsworth also took to the comments section to praise: “Looks good buddy.” Brie’s Zibby Allen, Christopher actor Chase Petriw and Mike star Marco Grazzini all liked Henderson’s post to show their support. While members of the cast and crew embark on new opportunities away from Virgin River, fans are still none the wiser as to when season four will arrive. However, filming has indeed wrapped with Breckenridge confirming last month the finishing touches were being added to the audio before the series can be complete. Virgin River seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix now.