Posting on Twitter, the DVSA urged drivers to “download” a replacement MOT certificate if they have lost their own. Drivers who do not have a valid MOT certificate will not be able to tax their cars and could be faced with massive punishments. The DVSA said: “You can get a replacement MOT certificate online if you’ve lost or damaged the original. This service is free." To apply for a replacement MOT certificate drivers will need to provide their vehicle registration number. Motorists will also need to give their 11-digit number from their 5C vehicle logbook. The DVSA adds: “You can also ask for a replacement certificate in person from any MOT centre. READ MORE: ‘Don’t risk it, tax it now’: DVLA target drivers without car tax  “It does not have to be the centre that did the original MOT. “The centre can charge you up to £10.” KwikFit has warned drivers will “need a valid MOT certificate” in order to “renew your annual road tax”. DON'T MISSPay per mile car tax could hit rural drivers in road pricing changes [INSIGHT]Petrol and diesel drivers face £120 car tax rise  [ANALYSIS]Car tax changes are an ‘attack on the poor and disabled’  [COMMENT] They warn: “Vehicle tax is applied to all vehicles that use public roads (either for driving or parking) and damage the environment – namely, petrol and diesel vehicles. “As of April 2017, however, new all-electric vehicles are exempt from vehicle tax because the tax is now essentially a ‘hydrocarbon’ tax. “If you don’t have a valid MOT certificate, you’re not legally allowed to drive on public roads.” The Post Office has also warned drivers will need to bring a valid MOT certificate along with the vehicle documents when applying for car tax through them The MOT certificate must be valid from the date your vehicle tax starts or the date your vehicle tax is issued. Driving without car tax is against the law and will see drivers hit with punishments. The RAC warns it is “virtually impossible” to get away with not paying car tax as the DVLA computer automatically checks for evaders. If the system flags a car as being untaxed, an automatic letter and £80 fine will be sent to the keeper. Drivers who pay the penalty within 28 days will receive a 50 percent discount. However, drivers who fail to pay the fine could be prosecuted and hit with higher penalties. This could see costs rise to £1,000 if the case is taken to court. The DVLA also has the power to clamp your vehicle until the correct amount of tax is paid.