Alisson's goal was partially occupied midway through the second half by a protestor who attemped to handcuff himself to the goalposts. Arsenal's game against Liverpool was briefly halted in the second period after a fan made his way past security onto the pitch. Alisson was waving to try and grab referee Andre Marriner's attention to stop the game. Fans behind the goal were also perplexed as they tried to make the players aware. The fan managed to race onto the pitch where he seemingly tried to handcuff himself to the goalpost. Stewards quickly rushed to drag the protestor away, but he didn't leave without a fight. One steward wasn't enough to take the man away, with a second needed to unlock his hands from the goalpost. Sky Sports commentary duo Martin Tyler and Gary Neville were both mystified at what was unfolding behind Alisson's goal. He was eventually pulled off the pitch as play got back underway with Liverpool having only just taken a 1-0 lead. Diogo Jota had fired Liverpool in front moments before the bizarre incident on Alisson's goal. Arsenal had matched Liverpool on the pitch for most of the match up until Jota's opener, and should have even taken the lead moments before. Martin Odegaard had a golden chance to score the opener after a mistake from Thiago. But Alisson heroically recovered to stand firm and parry Odegaard's effort away with the goal gaping. That proved to be the turning point for Liverpool as Jota squeezed his effort past Aaron Ramsdale.  The Portuguese forward was then immediately brought off with Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah coming on for the visitors. Both attackers were involved as soon as they came on with Salah doing everything to get on the scoresheet. But it was Firmino who found Liverpool's second to kill the game off after some brilliant play from Andy Robertson down the left. The Reds now move to within just point of leaders Manchester City. Liverpool have won nine league games in a row and all eyes will be on their fixture against City on April 10. Before that, Liverpool take on Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup quarter-finals on Sunday. 