Prince William, 39, and Kate Middleton, 40, travelled to the Caribbean on Saturday, March 19. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Belize, where they stayed for three days before going to Jamaica. They concluded their tour in the Bahamas after arriving home on Sunday, March 27.  The couple stayed in a £19,000-a-night suite in the Bahamas, known as the Atlantis Paradise Resort. It is a lush oceanside resort which would have made a change from the normal weather conditions in the UK at this time of year. Whilst in the Bahamas, the royal couple chose to stay at the resort's more intimate setting, The Cove.  READ MORE: Prince William 'riddled with anxiety gestures' during royal tour The idyllic Atlantis is famed for hosting some of the world's biggest A-listers, including the likes of Kim Kardashian, Drake and Oprah Winfrey. However, there are some surprisingly affordable rooms available at the celebrity-favourite resort. William and Kate's experience at The Cove was nothing short of luxury, having enjoyed their stay in the 4,830 square feet Penthouse Suite. At £19,000 per night, the royals stayed in The Cove's most refined lodging offering on-site.  The suite is touted as being "immaculately designed to provide guests with luxury, sensuality, and white-glove Bahamian service". The Cambridges' suite could easily rival their Kensington Palace home in size and luxury. It had floor-to-ceiling window walls, 360 degrees ocean views, three bedrooms, two free-standing baths, separate dining rooms, full-service kitchens, guest powder rooms, executive offices and a plush private balcony. Styled with a contemporary interior, The Cove's Penthouse Suite is a sublime oasis suitable for the most sophisticated people on holiday.  Though the Penthouse Suites are reserved for the island's most prestigious guests, standard rooms at the oceanside paradise are available for much cheaper at £471 per night. The Duke and Duchess most likely did not get a chance to fully enjoy the jaw-dropping features Atlantis has to offer. With their packed tour schedule, the royals' missed out on sampling 21 restaurants, a 30,000 square feet Mandara Spa, five miles of stunning white sand beaches, 11 swimming pools and Aquaventure. This is a 141-acre waterscape of thrilling slides and river rides.  The Duchess vowed to return to the Caribbean with Prince George, eight Princess Charlotte, six and Prince Louis, three. The royal tots will most definitely love the ultra-luxe hotel. Kate revealed whilst on tour her wish to return to the country. She said: "It was great, I wish I could stay longer." Kate added: "We were tempted by the beaches. Amazing scenery. Next time we have to come back with the children." 