Manchester United target Erik ten Hag apparently wants to keep Ralf Rangnick in the Red Devils dugout if he takes over at Old Trafford this summer. United are set to appoint a permanent manager at the end of the season and have been heavily linked with the Ajax boss. United enjoyed an auspicious start to the current campaign as they won four of their opening five Premier League matches. But they suffered a downturn in fortunes over the autumn, which resulted in ex-boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer being axed. Rangnick took charge in Manchester on an interim basis – but the German is set to step aside and take on a behind-the-scenes consultancy role in the summer. Ten Hag is a leading contender to take the helm after building a stellar reputation during his time in the Netherlands. And, according to the Daily Mirror, the Dutchman could be keen to have Rangnick alongside him on matchdays to take advantage of his tactical experience. MUST READ: Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumours Ten Hag previously worked closely with Marc Overmars at Ajax before the former Arsenal winger was forced to step down. And he is clearly a manager who feels comfortable having another senior figure alongside him to bounce ideas off. “I started to believe in that construction when I was working in Germany,” the 52-year-old previously revealed. “My education as a manager in top-level football I had at Bayern Munich. There is hardly a better education for a coach or a manager. DON'T MISSPSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interestLiverpool star Luis Diaz 'being eaten by anxiety' despite superb startChelsea's XI next season if Blues blocked from new signings or selling  “I love the German model. In Germany it is a common thing that sporting directors sit right next to you on the bench there. “If you have a good sporting director, you know he takes a lot of the noise away around the manager - both internally and to the outside world. “He will back you up and will also take away all the hassle with football agents. That way I can fully concentrate on the team and the development of the players. “I can only see the advantages of a sporting director close to you on the bench. I want a sporting director who can be honest and straight.  “If something is not right, you know quickly and can be told to your face because you work with each other every day.” Rangnick has endured an indifferent spell as United manager as he desperately attempts to secure a top-four finish this season. On Saturday, he led the Red Devils to a 3-2 victory over Tottenham as Cristiano Ronaldo struck a hat-trick. The German is said to be a big fan of Ten Hag – so the duo would likely be more than happy to work together if the Ajax boss takes the reins in the north west. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 