After a gripping episode last week, fans were looking forward to tuning into NBC’s long-running series, Law and Order: SVU. However after the team of detectives solved another case, viewers revealed they were left unsatisfied with the episode.  The episode titled ‘Sorry If It Got Weird for You’ took a different approach than fans were used to. Rather than being on the ground, the beloved detectives were based in court for a trial for the majority of the episode. Captain Oliva Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay) and her team were investigating Jackson Wright (Jon Glaser), the creator of a popular dating app. He had been forced to face a jury and judge after being accused of multiple sexual assaults and rape. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Although the episode provided an insight into general court proceedings, fans were left yawning at the lack of excitement. Many of those who were disappointed took to social media to share their feelings about the episode. @__shaikhaxx tweeted: “Did the last episodes of [Law and Order SVU] and [Law and Order OC] sound boring or just me.” @anin_lat tagged a popular TV writer in her tweet and proceeded to ask: “Can you please write SVU too?! It’s getting so boring. I’d love to See Carissi slappin Rollins’ a**.” TheMeIsHereNow shared: “That was kind of anticlimactic but it was sooo nice to have a more trial based episode of [Law and Order SVU]. Despite the backlash, a number of other viewers agreed to have enjoyed the episode. @MrYawTheOGMan praised: “This episode got me on the edge of my seat! WOW!” @EGMike84 stated: “Wow That Benson, Carisi and Fin scene was amazing!” DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [REACTION]Law and Order fans beg NBC for guest star to be made permanent [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU: Viewers hail 'powerful' statement about assault  [REACTION] While @TheMeIsHereNow added: “Oh wow we actually got some courtroom scenes this episode.” The detectives were able to enlist the trusted Dominick Carisi (Peter Scanvino) who took on the case as the Assistant District Attorney for the Special Victims Unit. During the trial, he was able to use his skills and tactics to unveil Jackson’s true character. While the jury was convinced he had been wrongly accused, Carisi brought up his divorce from his ex-wife which made him snap. This touched a nerve with Jackson as he had an outburst in court and exclaimed his ex-wife was jealous because he: “bang her and tossed her back then banged her goddaughter.” Then when the verdict was finally delivered, the jury had found him guilty of rape. With no signs of slowing down even after 23 seasons, fans will have to tune into the next episode to see what Benson and her team will take on next. Law and Order: Special Victims Unit is available in the US on CBS. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 