Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich is ready to end his tenure at the club in the wake of Russia's war on Ukraine with the club now up for sale. Finding a buyer capable of stumping up the cash to take on the Blues may prove difficult but Abramovich has supposedly written off the £1.5billion debt owed to him. Abramovich said: "I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interest at heart. "In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the club … I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid." Discussions have already taken place with prospective buyers such as Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss. The years under Abramovich have seen Chelsea managers time and time again given bags of money to spend on new recruits. JUST IN: Chelsea's incoming owner sent message over first task to catch City  He rewarded Thomas Tuchel's Champions League triumph by backing him in spending a club-record £97.5million fee to re-sign Romelu Lukaku. No new recruits were forthcoming in January, although Tuchel accepted that finding what they needed in the mid-season market was proving difficult. However, there will be certain expectations this summer for Chelsea to bolster their squad. Cesar Azpilicueta, Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen are all expected to leave as free agents. DON'T MISS  That leaves Tuchel extremely light of defensive options with no money coming in to fund replacements. While Chelsea have spent big money during Abramovich's tenure, recent years have seen them adopt an approach to only spend what they recoup in the market. And given the uncertainty on the ownership of the club with the summer transfer window just months away, that is likely to stay the same this time around. The reported main target for Chelsea this summer is Sevilla's Jules Kounde, who the Blues failed to sign last year. The Frenchman was said to be frustrated that Sevilla stood in his way of a move to Stamford Bridge, with the La Liga outfit standing firm on their £68million asking price. Chelsea have notoriously got their top targets under Abramovich, and Tuchel will be hoping that remains the same for whoever comes in. But there will be an air of uncertainty around all of Chelsea's transfer business this summer with reports also suggesting transfer chief Marina Granovskaia could follow Abramovich out the door. Chelsea's new owners will have to deal with a host of questions about their plans for the club, but Tuchel's main concern will likely rest with whether a deal for Kounde can be done.