Reported Manchester United managerial target Mauricio Pochettino has dropped a hint over his future after suggesting he has unfinished business with PSG and wants to win the Champions League. The Argentine, 50, joined the Parc des Princes in 2021 after an eighteen-month spell out of the game following his sacking by Tottenham in November 2019. Prior to his move to the French capital, the former Southampton boss had been linked with the managerial task at United, although the club decided against sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at the time. When the Norwegian departed in November, reports linked Pochettino to United once again before the Red Devils decided on Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis. And with the club likely to appoint a new manager again in the summer, questions are being asked of Pochettino's future - although he believes it is in the hands of his current club and not himself.  "We are competitive by nature," Pochettino said. "This kind of challenge is an exciting one to take on. To give the possibility to fight again for this [Champions League] title, it's exciting. "Beyond the sadness, to give PSG the possibility to fight to fulfil their objectives is always a great challenge. And yes, we feel capable of it. Afterwards, it's a question of exchanges. We will have to sit down with the club to exchange. To find the best formula. To see the vision, the future, the ideas, the project. "We will analyse everything at the end of the season. We will see at the end of the season [if I stay]. It will be the club's decision." Pochettino's reputation was given a massive boost in 2019. He took Spurs to their first ever Champions League final, defeating Borussia Dortmund, Manchester City and Ajax along the way. Although they lost to Liverpool in the final, the work already done had given him an increased standing within elite level football. He has yet to reach that stage with PSG, although he did make the semi-final last year before being dumped out by City. Reports claim it is a straight race between Pochettino and Erik ten Hag for the United job. But with Pochettino's job security looking much weaker than Ten Hag's, he is considered the slightly bigger favourite. 