Manchester United’s failure to agree the appointment of Erik ten Hag is why two rivals are eyeing a hijack, it has been claimed. The Ajax boss is one of the frontrunners to take over at Old Trafford, having worked wonders in the Netherlands over the last five years. However, while the 52-year-old dreams of managing in the Premier League, any move to England is still up in the air. Manchester United recently interviewed Ten Hag as they examine their managerial options. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked earlier in the campaign, less than 24 hours after a chastening 4-1 defeat to Watford, with Ralf Rangnick then installed as his successor. Rangnick isn’t under consideration to secure the position permanently, however, with United going from bad to worse since he took the reins. United have been linked with Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique as well as Ten Hag despite their current commitments to Paris Saint-Germain, Sevilla and Spain respectively. And Fabrizio Romano has claimed United’s failure to reach an agreement with Ten Hag, despite admiring the Ajax boss, is why two rivals are eyeing the 52-year-old as well. “They have the list, Manchester United,” he said on his YouTube channel. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “For sure, top of the list is Ten Hag and Pochettino, who has been admired for a long time. “The meeting with Ten Hag was a positive one, Pochettino is waiting to understand Manchester United’s position and Ten Hag is waiting to see what Manchester United want to do. “He wanted, during the interview, to talk about the budget, about signings, about the idea of the club. “So both parties are waiting to arrive at a final decision.” He added: “It’s true that Erik ten Hag has two more clubs interested in him for next season. It is not just Manchester United. “Nothing has been agreed yet, nothing has been completed yet, so that’s why the other two clubs are keeping an eye on Erik ten Hag. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “However, it is also true Erik ten Hag dreams of a possibility in the Premier League. “So let’s see what will be the next step in talks and what Manchester United decide.” Borussia Dortmund have been linked with Ten Hag, having endured an underwhelming campaign so far. And Real Madrid have emerged as potential suitors, too, though club president Florentino Perez is known to be a big Ten Hag admirer. United know they need to get this appointment right. They’ve fallen increasingly down the Premier League standings ever since the departure of Sir Alex Ferguson in 2013, with performances and results over the past nine years nowhere near good enough. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz David Moyes was their ‘Chosen One’ when Ferguson stepped down but ended up lasting just 10 months, despite being given a six-year contract. Louis van Gaal won the FA Cup in 2016 yet was relieved of his duties due to a failure to secure Champions League qualification. United won two trophies under Jose Mourinho before the Portuguese was sacked in December 2018, having fallen out with key members in his squad. And though United did well enough under Solskjaer prior to this season, their dire results saw the 48-year-old axed. Meanwhile, though the Red Devils are interested in Ten Hag, Pochettino, Enrique and Lopetegui, Darren Bent thinks Italy boss Roberto Mancini should be on their shortlist as well. Mancini previously managed Manchester City, winning the FA Cup in 2011 before guiding his side to Premier League glory 12 months later. The Italian’s future is currently up in the air after his country failed to qualify for the World Cup. And Bent said: “He has proved he can do it in this country and I think it is vital that he has that Premier League experience. “He has gone on to win a massive trophy with Italy in the Euros, so you can’t question his pedigree in terms of winning things. “If you’re looking for a winner, I suppose the counter argument is that people will say Jose [Mourinho] was a winner and it ended quite badly. “He did win trophies for United, but people would say he left the club in a worse state.”