National Highways said a large section of crash barrier was badly damaged after the HGV hit the central reservation and a nearside barrier between junctions 13 and 14. Emergency services have been attending the incident which was first reported at 3.53am on Thursday.   Traffic has been diverted via the A419 northbound, the A38 southbound to the B4509, to leave at J13 and return at J14. National Highways said in a statement: "A lorry has struck the central reserve and then the nearside barrier, resulting in barrier damage and a significant spill of diesel and hydraulic fluid. "Emergency services, including Gloucestershire Police have attended. "Delays are likely on the approach to this closure, with additional journey times also expected on the diversion route."    Motorists on the M5 have been urged to follow the solid circle symbol. Traffic was also building on the A38 with long delays expected, according to GloucestershireLive. Gloucestershire Police tweeted at 4.18am: "Due to a traffic incident and consequent fuel spillage, M5 Junction 13 to 14 southbound is currently closed and road users are advised to seek alternative routes. "We will update when the road is back open. Thank you for your patience."  READ MORE ABOUT KEIR STARMER DEMANDING THE PM RESIGN  Photos taken at the scene show a large section of crash barrier was badly damaged in the crash. Gloucestershire Police said the driver of the lorry was uninjured. Meanwhile, a crash caused two lanes out of four on the M1 southbound carriageway after J11 to close until 7.40am on Thursday. Traffic was queueing for around eight miles after the incident believed to have involved a car and lorry.  DON'T MISS: Russia details chilling plan for ‘new world order’ with China [LATEST] Vladimir Putin leaves Russians livid: 'We are so depressed' [REVEALED] Huge explosion rocks Russia as sparks fly on border with Ukraine [REPORT] Travel update service Inrix reported one lane closed and queueing traffic for seven miles due to the accident involving a car on the M1 Southbound after J11 A505 Dunstable Road (Dunstable South/Luton). There was congestion up to J11A (Dunstable/Luton North). National Highways confirmed that two lanes were closed but have since reopened, although delays remain. A Bedfordshire Police spokeswoman said: "We were called at around 6am following reports of a collision involving a lorry and a car. "This was just before junction 11 of the M1. There were no injuries reported."