Talking to Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield earlier today, the Lancashire-based entrepreneur shared how saving just £13.75 per day could mean Britons amass a house deposit in a few short years. Mr Fishwicks’ rags to riches story is being taken to the big screen with a Netflix movie starring Rory Kinnear.  Mr Fishwick shared his savings challenge on ITV this morning, saying: “I put a goal to you and to everybody watching today. “I’d like you to save £13.75 per day.” A seemingly insignificant amount of daily savings, Mr Fishwick suggested Britons could work this up with coffees and subscriptions. He said: “I want you to look at  how many coffees you’re buying per day, from Costa or wherever, £2, £3 each? How many subscriptions can you save?   “Can you get your credit card down a little bit? Can you get your mortgage down a bit? Can you get your telephone bills down a bit?" He emphasised: “Can you get that £13.75? Mr Fishwick explained the significance of this peculiar daily savings goal to Ms Willoughby, saying: “365 days in a year is over £5,000. “If you did that for four or five years you have £25,000. That’s a deposit on a house. Up in Burnley that’s 50 percent of the price of the house.”     The self-made millionaire built a business empire that has led him from a working class background to driving his £255,000 Ferrari to watch filming on his own Netflix biopic. Mr Fishwick started his claim to fame 11 years ago by setting up Burnley Savings and Loans, also known as the Bank of Dave. The business started out of Mr Fishwicks’ frustrations at how businesses received financial help during the 2008 crisis, determined to provide a straightforward and humanistic lending model. Mr Fishwick aimed to help the local businesses in Burnley, taking on elitist financial institutions as he did so.  Burnley Savings and Loans was issued the first new banking licence in Britain in over 100 years. Before the Bank of Dave, Mr Fishwick sold minibuses and says this business is still thriving today. Now, the Bank of Dave has lent out nearly £30million and has a three year waiting list for Britons wanting to open a savings account. The entrepreneur now stays just six miles away from his hometown of Burnley, with speculation on his net worth reaching half a billion.  Mr Fishwick now also owns a helicopter that reportedly once belonged to the Duke of Westminster. The Bank of Dave then led to a successful Channel Four programme as well as a best-selling book and now a Netflix film in the making. The star-studded film will see James Bond actor Rory Kinnear starring as Mr Fishwick, while Bridgerton’s Phoebe Dynevor will play the local doctor. This Morning is live every weekday from 10am on ITV.