Nutritionist Lowri Turner and journalist Phil Jones appeared on Tuesday's instalment of Jeremy Vine to debate whether the world would be safer if Trump was still in power. Their debate on the Channel 5 show soon turned heated and Lowri sparked uproar after suggesting Russia would not have attacked Ukraine if Trump was the president. She went on to accuse President Joe Biden of being "useless at everything" as the conflict in Ukraine continues. With the Ukraine crisis continuing to dominate the headlines, Jeremy asked his guests whether they thought the world "would be safer" if Trump was the President. Phil, who was the first guest to respond, disagreed and explained he thought Trump was "completely deluded" because he thought he should have won the US election despite losing by "millions" of votes. Biden won 51.3 per cent of the votes cast and was the first US presidential candidate to win more than 80 million votes. The journalist added: "We have a mad man in charge of Russia, do we really want a crazy man, and he is probably just going to get crazier and crazier if he wins a second time, just like Putin?" READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles?  However, Lowri's opinion differed dramatically from Phil's and she explained her reasoning for it on the Channel 5 show. Lowri said: "I'd kind of forgotten how bonkers he looks, but I think he has got a very good point as I don't think Russia would have gone into Ukraine if he'd been there because he is regarded as slightly unhinged and volatile and you don't mess with him. "There is no doubt for example that he also forced European countries to start paying out more for NATO for example." She added: "There are good things that he did but there is always a concern with Trump that he has that nuclear button and that was always a concern to think, 'My goodness, would he actually push it?'"   Vine interjected: "So from what I understand if you get a very dangerous dog two things can happen, it will keep you safe but the danger is you can get attacked by it yourself." Lowri agreed with Jeremy's analogy, but the Channel 5 host reminded her Trump said "Putin's moves were the work of a genius" before the former leader had to backtrack on the remark. Phil added: "Don't we deserve better? Can't we just be a little more hopeful the world deserves better than Trump or Biden?" Lowri then unleashed her frustrations about Biden, adding: "We were told that Biden was going to be this marvellous person who was going to spread peace across the world." DON'T MISS...Iain Dale slaps down Jeremy Vine over calls to drop partygate probe in [MUST SEE] 'It's because of Brexit!' Vine shares stunning reason behind lack of  [LATEST]‘Haven’t we learnt our lesson!?’ Vine callers rage over UK in Ukraine [VIDEO] However, she raged: "Actually none of that has happened. "They also talked about how they believed he was a person of consensus and he was a great diplomat. "But he has just proved to be useless at everything." Jeremy, who tried to mitigate the situation, added: "It's very difficult to find someone who disagrees with that but he is a very old man."   Many Jeremy Vine viewers hit out over Lowri's comments, with many calling her to "stick to talking about nutrition". 