The actress and activist was the guest on a recent episode of the popular podcast Table Manners, which is hosted by singer-songwriter Jessie Ware and her mother Lennie Ware. As they tucked into some vegetable pie and poached pairs for the foodie podcast, the duo asked Joanna about being appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours. However, a frank Joanna admitted she would have refused damehood under different circumstances.  Absolutely Fabulous star Joanna visited Jessie and her mother in Clapham, London, to enjoy a hearty meal and talk about growing up in India, her penchant for the British Royal Family and her thoughts on becoming a Dame. The 75-year-old actress and presenter, whose acting career started in 1969 as a Bond Girl in On Her Majesty's Secret Service, was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1995. Joanna, who has thrown herself into human rights activism over the past few decades, was appointed DBE in the 2022 New Years' Honours. Candidly opening up about becoming a Dame earlier this year, Joanna told Jessie the recognition was "the most unexpected thing in the world". READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role   “I always forgot that. Honestly, I’m so excited, I can’t tell you," she exclaimed. "I was the proud owner of an OBE, which we call an Obi Wan Kenobi, but I had an OBE and I thought, ‘This is just magic, nothing can be finer than this’ and OBE doesn’t usually lead, a CBE, which is a step up from that, usually leads to being a Dame." Joanna received her damehood for services to drama, entertainment and charitable causes, which she described as a "fabulous" and "incredibly charming" moment in her life. Joanna said: "When this letter arrived on December 4 so it was quite late, my husband wasn’t there because he was in Birmingham and I opened this letter which looked a little bit formal and I thought, ‘Oh God, this will be something else I’ve left out, another ticket or something’ and anyway, it said 'your name has been put forward for a DBE' and I burst into tears."   She told the hosts of the podcast she broke down as it was "such a shock" to receive the letter. “You get a letter from the honours committee… They said it was for drama, entertainment and charity, so that was the kindest little trio," Joanna exclaimed. However, the actress revealed she would have refused the appointment if it was for charity alone. Joanna explained: "I never would have accepted it for charity because I think if you do good things, it’s up to you whether you want to honour it, do you know what I mean? DON'T MISS...Joanna Lumley hits out at 'made up' stories of the Royal Family [MUST SEE]Joanna Lumley 'burst into tears' over huge news [LATEST]Royal: Joanna Lumley slams The Crown – ‘Agonising’ [INTERVIEW] "And my OBE was given to me to services to drama or entertainment or whatever it was. "When they put drama and entertainment, I thought that was the kindest thing because it involves this and it involves my documentaries and my writing and stuff like that." Since 1997, Joanna has presented a host of documentaries including, Joanna Lumley: The Search for Noah's Ark, Joanna Lumley's Trans-Siberian Adventure and, more recently, Joanna Lumley's Great Cities of the World. She has also written several books including, A Queen for All Seasons: A Celebration of Our One and Only Queen Elizabeth II on Her Platinum Jubilee.   During their conversation about food, wine and careers, royalist Joanna also spoke about Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. She said: "I love the Queen. I think this country is a monarchy and until it isn’t, it is, if you know what I mean. "So what we’ve got to do is to make it work and if it doesn’t work then we become a republic, but we’re not at the republic yet, so it’s no use just whining and carping. "And in the middle of it is this extraordinary woman who knew she was going to be Queen when she was 10 and that hung over her, and it is still her duty and her faith and what she believes in, and now she’s 95 doing the boxes every day. It’s extraordinary." Table Manners is available to stream on Spotify or Apple Podcasts.  