A Ryanair customer has shared a genius hack to save money on luggage. The tip could help passengers save £50 each time they book. While Ryanair offers amazingly cheap seats, passengers will often find they have to pay for extras including hold luggage. Ryanair passengers will also have to pay if they want to put a cabin bag in an overhead locker. TikTok user Cloda Scanlon (@orangeobviously) shared a smart tip to save money while booking a flight. If passengers are travelling with Ryanair for a weekend trip, they might not need a 20kg bag in the hold. READ MORE: Ryanair hand luggage policy - cabin bags  However, they might want more luggage than one small bag that fits under the seat in front which is all that’s included with a Ryanair ticket. On Ryanair, there’s an option that allows passengers to choose seats and bag requirements when they book. However, if passengers wait and select ‘value fare’ there’s an option to add luggage later on. Scanlon said: “If you want a 10kg bag, it’s a further 21 euros (£17.60) per person per journey. “If you want to save between 40 euros (£33) and 60 euros (£50) on your next Ryanair flight plus that 10kg bag, then keep listening. “So I almost paid 192 euros (£160) for my flights and instead for the exact same flight with the exact same amount of luggage I’m only going to pay 133 euros (£111). “So go into the Ryanair app and do your usual - picking your flights, picking your dates. “Instead go back to the booking page and choose the value fare.” A Ryanair value fare does not include a 10kg bag. Passengers can then add a 10kg bag to their booking for just 13 euros (£10.90). Scanlon said: “That’s instead of what was 22 euros (£18.50) per person per journey so go with a small bag and the value fare, then go through to the end of the booking page.” At the end of the booking page, passengers will be able to add a 10kg bag for a lower price than before. Passengers could save a lot on their Ryanair booking with the sneaky hack and bring more luggage for a weekend break. Ryanair passengers on a value fare can bring one personal item onboard which must fit under the seat in front of them. Passengers who pay for a 10kg bag of hand luggage will be allowed to put it in the plane’s overhead lockers. In some circumstances, passengers may still be required to put their bag in the hold but will not have to pay to do so. Passengers who haven’t booked extra luggage and bring an overweight bag will have to pay a fee at the airport.