Barcelona star Gerard Pique has fired an ominous warning to his side's rivals just minutes after they thrashed Real Madrid. Barca won their first El Clasico in La Liga for three years by claiming a shock 4-0 win at the Bernabeu on Sunday. Goals from Ronald Araujo and Ferran Torres, as well as a brace from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang ensured the visitors claimed their biggest league win in Madrid since 2015. Aubameyang opened the scoring just before the half-hour mark when he headed in at the near post after Ousmane Dembele beat Nacho on the right wing. Araujo doubled his side's lead soon after with a towering header from Dembele's corner, before Torres fired into the top corner having been played in by Aubameyang's back heel. The former Arsenal star doubled his own tally for the night six minutes after the break when he chipped over Thibaut Courtois to complete a famous win. The win means Barca are now unbeaten in their last 12 matches in all competitions and have given themselves a chance of making an unlikely title challenge. They are only 12 points off La Liga leaders Madrid, having played a game less than Los Blancos. READ MORE: Barcelona reignite Pogba transfer hope but Zidane could provide twist It marks a remarkable turnaround from the start of the season, when despair gripped the Nou Camp during the end of Ronald Koeman's reign as manager. But with Xavi having successfully got the Catalan giants back on track, Pique delivered an ominous warning to his side's rivals. The Spanish international started at the Bernabeu on Sunday, having been a key part of the team since 2008. And he stated his belief that Barca are once again ready to challenge for trophies by tweeting: "We are back." DON'T MISS: Real Madrid can ruin Barcelona plans by triggering Tottenham clause (TRANSFERS)Europa League draw: West Ham set up potential Barcelona semi-final (NEWS)Barcelona boss Xavi reacts to Real Madrid links to Mbappe and Haaland (INSIGHT) Pique's sentiment was echoed by boss Xavi, who hailed his side for their "spectacular" performance against Carlo Ancelotti's men. He said: "It's a day to enjoy and celebrate. It's a show of strength. We are on our way back with this style of play and with this project we can compete. We put in a spectacular performance and we could have scored more. "We played good football and I hope the fans can celebrate. This is a very big win for us. We were much better than Real Madrid. We played almost as a home team in the the ground. It's a day to enjoy, not only as a Barca manager but also a fan. We could easily have scored five or six."