As the cost of living crisis continues to cripple Britons’ purse-strings, campaigners are reminding people that they could be missing out on vital financial support. When it comes to the TV licence, there are four reasons why people might be able to get it for free - or at a discount. TV licences are needed to watch or record live programming as it is being broadcast. It is also a legal requirement for Britons who stream live programming on services, such as BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. However, too many pensioners are still missing out on a free TV licence enabling them to better spend their money elsewhere. Nearly one million (850,000) older people receive the state pension yet don’t claim Pension Credit from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) which would also make them eligible for a free TV licence. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: Britons could be due £75 - have you checked? To qualify for Pension Credit someone needs to have reached state pension age and be earning less than £177.10 per week. Not only would this top up their income, but it would also lead to a council tax reduction and help towards energy bills. But it’s not just pensioners who are losing out on these additional benefits. Thousands of people who only watch Netflix could be forking out for a TV licence unnecessarily. DON'T MISS:Inflation to hit 40-yr high with incomes plummeting [WARNING]State pension payments to increase in April [UPDATE]Fury as over 60s to lose free prescriptions due to state pension rule [WARNING] As long as they don’t watch live programmes or record TV to watch later, they don’t need to pay the BBC licence fee. The cost is currently £159 for a colour licence and £53.50 for black and white. People who have sight difficulties are also eligible for a 50 percent reduction. Anyone who lives in the same household as a qualifying person will also be exempt from paying. Who can get a free or discounted TV licence? What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People might be able to get a refund if they fall into these categories but have been paying the full price. Refunds are also available to Britons who no longer watch TV if they have already paid for a licence. In order to get their money back, licence holders must fill in a refund form which is available online. Completed forms should be sent to: The Refund Centre, TV Licensing, Darlington DL98 1TL.