Retirement savings cannot be accessed at any time, with people having to wait until a certain age to draw money from their pension. Changes to the Normal Minimum Pension Age (NMPA) are coming which could alter people’s retirement plans. Just like the state pension age restricts when people can begin receiving their state pension entitlement, the NMPA works similarly for personal pensions. The NMPA is the earliest point at which Britons are permitted to access their private pension funds. Currently, the NMPA is set at age 55. READ MORE: April's 13.25% National Insurance hike faces axe - 'Sunak must act NOW' The logic behind the NMPA is to prevent people from drawing their retirement income too early. If someone does this, it could mean they run out of income towards the end of their life. Financial penalties can be imposed on people who breach the NMPA. Anyone who accesses their savings before they have reached their NMPA could be subject to an unauthorised payment charge. DON'T MISSPIP claimants 'could lose Warm Home Discount in change to DWP rules' - 200,000 affected [ALERT]‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 [WARNING]Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [TAX] As life expectancy rises in the UK over time, the NMPA is reconsidered in order to ensure it is still set at an appropriate level. With this in mind, an increase to the NMPA is set to be introduced in the coming years. The NMPA will rise to age 57 from April 6, 2028. From this date onwards, Britons will have to wait an extra two years to draw from their pension. It is worth noting that for many people, accessing their retirement fund when they reach their NMPA would not be advisable. It is not the recommended age to start drawing money, only the earliest age someone is allowed to. People who had planned to retire earlier than their state pension age could be affected by these changes, as they will now not be able to access their savings as early. But for those who could not afford to retire early in any case, the changes may not have much of an impact. Of course, if someone reaches age 55 before April 6, 2028, they will still be able to draw from their pension at that age. Members of certain professions could be shielded from the changes, as they have a protected pension age. The following professions are protected: