Paul Herman has died at the age of 76, on what is believed to have been his birthday. The actor was a stalwart of gangster films and shows, appearing in roles in Goodfellas, The Irishman and The Sopranos. His death was shared by actor Tony Danza, who posted a tribute to him on Instagram. He wrote: "Paul (Paulie) Herman was one of the greatest guys of all time. "A great actor and a great friend. "If you visited NYC from LA, he was the entertainment director. We will all miss you so much, Paulie." READ MORE: Michael Bublé says he and wife spoke about annulment on honeymoon No cause of death has been confirmed currently. Born in Brooklyn, New York in 1946, Paul enjoyed a successful career in front of the camera. Many fans may recognise him as The Pittsburgh Connection in Goodfellas, as well as a gambler in Casino. However, his largest role was as Peter "Beansie" Gaeta in The Sopranos, which he starred in on and off for seven years. Another of his notable roles was as Marvin in ongoing series Entourage from 2004 until 2010. He played Randy in David O Russell's Oscar-nominated Silver Linings Playbook back in 2012. He also worked again with Martin Scorsese's epic The Irishman in 2019, where he played Whispers DiTullio. Other films included Once Upon a Time in America, Crazy Heart and American Hustle. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty reacts to 'brilliant news' producer joined The One Show [INSIGHT]‘Broke my heart’ Claire Sweeney forced to sell Mallorca villa [INTERVIEW]Ricky Gervais makes dig at Oscar gift bags degrading 'poor people' [PICTURES] As well as a successful acting career, he also ran a restaurant in New York called the Columbus Cafe. Working with his brother, the pair were in charge of the popular spot frequented by actors and gangsters in the 1990s. Following news of his death, tributes have been pouring in for the star.  His Sopranos co-star Michael Imperioli wrote on Instagram: “Our friend and colleague Paul Herman has passed away. Paulie was just a great dude. “A first-class storyteller and raconteur and one hell of an actor. Goodfellas, Once Upon a Time in America, The Irishman, and of course The Sopranos are some highlights. “Paulie lived around the corner from me the last few years and I am glad we got to spend some time together before he left us. “I’ll miss him. Lots of love to his family, friends, and community of actors and filmmakers.”  Actress Frances Fisher wrote of the news: "Paulie Herman - Beloved by All. From the old NYC days at Cafe Central & Columbus to the West Coast nights at Ago, Paulie always had a smile and a table. "Decades of memories in every conceivable haunt and hamlet. An actor, a horseman, a man about town, a bit of a health nut, a bottom line trusted friend."