During Wednesday's instalment of The Chase, ITV host Bradley Walsh welcomed four new contestants onto the show to compete against Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan. Players Colin, Tom, Ria and Margot had to strategically work together answering a number of general knowledge questions in a bid to make it to the Final Chase. Colin was the first player to take on Jenny and the carer managed to answer an impressive eight questions correctly in the cash-builder. The Vixen gave Colin the option to win a low offer of £2,000 or a high offer of £28,000. The carer explained he was feeling brave so he decided to play for the £28,000. After a tense first round, Colin impressed Jenny as he managed to win the high offer for his team. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series Tom was up next and he didn't get off to the best of starts during the cash-builder round. He decided to try and bag the £3,000 he'd built in the quickfire question round. After admitting to guessing most of the questions against Jenny, Tom sailed through and also landed himself a place in the final. Bradley went on to point out the contestants had gotten off to a great start by winning £31,000 in their prize fund. Social media managed Ria was the next player to take on Jenny after she managed to answer four questions correct in the cash-builder. Jenny gave Ria a low offer of minus £6,000 and a high offer of £44,000. However, the social media manager quickly shut down the Chaser's minus offer as she said: "I refuse to take a minus offer." "I hope you don't live to regret that," Jenny replied. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [SPOILERS]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [VIDEO] The duo seemed to clash after Ria got through the round, despite not knowing the answers to most of the questions. Jenny went on to criticise her tactic, branding it "weird". She also went on to tell Ria she was lucky to get through to the final. "That was a very weird technique, Ria," Jenny began. "I would not recommend that for anyone else. "You have five seconds after I press to put your guess in, it didn't make any sense if you were just guessing to press that soon." Ria hit back: "If I know it, I know it, but I didn't so." "You've got about half a second to figure out whether I know it right away or not," Jenny criticised. "I knew it right away and so I pressed it at exactly the same time." "You were lucky," The Vixen teased before Ria added: "Who cares?"   Viewers were quick to pick up on Jenny's response to Ria and many called out the quizzer for being "catty". Will commented: "Jenny really playing on her 'character' this episode." Imogen penned: "I’m starting to dislike Jenny just as much as Mark lol #thechase." (sic) While Julia raged: "Jenny is such a sore loser always talking down to people, really dislike her." (sic) "Do I sense a little b****ing from Jenny tonight?" user @Eightball tweeted. As Louise said: "Alright Jenny, pipe down. She's a sore loser, isn't she?" Margot was the last player to take on Jenny and with a stroke of luck, she landed a place in the final. The four players managed to answer 22 questions correctly in two minutes, although, it wasn't enough to beat The Vixen. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.