Since rising to fame on ITV's popular quiz show The Chase, the six brainiacs have become internet sensations. Fans have fallen in love with Mark Labbett, Shaun Wallace, Anne Hegerty, Paul Sinha, Jenny Ryan, and newbie Darragh Ennis, and are not only fascinated by their incredible minds on-screen, but about their personal lives too. And their weight loss transformations over the years have continued to catch the eye of viewers. Three of the most prominent stars to stand out are Mark, Anne and Paul. Mark, also known as The Beast on the show, has lost a phenomenal amount of weight over the last few years. He announced he has lost whopping 10 stone, but it doesn't look like he's done there. The quizzer has been keeping fans up to date with his journey on Instagram, where he posts updates as he continued to shed the pounds. But how did he do it? Mark previously revealed he cut out certain things from his diet that helped with his dramatic transformation. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure He told ITV’s Loose Women last year, that he dropped a few clothes sizes by eating a protein-rich diet and ditching carbohydrates, sugar and by cutting back on alcohol. He said: "I am gradually dropping Xs off my size. "I've gone from 5XL to 4XL and it looks like the next time I go shopping I'll be able to squeeze into XL underpants. "I've lost 10 stone, I was 29 stone when I was a full-time teacher in 2003 and I was in danger of high blood pressure. "I've been around 26 stone up until lockdown, and then a few things happened quite nicely and came together and I started losing weight." He went on: "I’m on a high protein diet with the good people at Muscle Food so eating an awful lot of lean meat and as much as I love chips and other carbs, I am having quite a bit less than I used to." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Anne, who is known as The Governess, also told of how she's struggled with her weight over the years. The fan-favourite lost a huge amount of weight when she entered I’m A Celebrity back in 2015. She apparently lost a stone in just three weeks during her time in the Australian camp, which offers a limited diet, which contains foods such as rice, beans and meat. This, incorporated with the amount of movement and exercise she did every day, contributed to her body's change in appearance. And she was pleased to reveal that she managed to keep the weight off in the months that followed. She told Jeremy Vine in 2019: "The thing is my health is fine. "Before I went into the jungle I had to have a load of tests and they all came back saying, 'Your blood sugar is perfectly normal, if anything lower than perhaps it might need to be. "'We’ve spent an hour staring at scans of your heart, you don’t have any clogged-up arteries.'" Anne added: "I’m not a fit fat person and I would like to be fitter, but I am not unhealthy." The Sinnerman - Paul Sinha - has also lost a stone, all while taking part in ITV’s documentary, Diabetes: The Fast Fix. He was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes back in 2018 and changed his mindset around losing weight. He said: "I’ve lost a stone in weight. If I lose another I have a shot of getting an invite to a gay awards night." He lived on a diet of just 800 calories per day for four weeks in order to see if he could lose weight quickly. Paul also opened up on how he's struggled to shed the pounds in the past. He said: "Every year I go on diets, I go on binges, I go on diets, I go on binges. But January 1, it's a constant in my life, [I'm always] 13 stone 11 or 13 stone 12. "I’m grateful that my body's always behaved itself. When I've misbehaved, the weight's always gone up, when I've behaved well, the weight goes down. "I know it's up to me, I've got no excuses, I've not got a fast metabolism or slow metabolism or weak bones or anything like that. My body responds to the respect that I give it."