Should Erik ten Hag land the Manchester United hot-seat after reportedly being interviewed for the job on Monday, there are two Ajax players that would immediately improve the underwhelming and underperforming side he inherits from Ralf Rangnick. The highly-rated 52-year-old Dutch tactician, who has built his name on merit in Amsterdam, has become renowned for his belief in young players and his ability to develop them into stars.  That is something United have desperately been lacking in recent times, particularly for a club with such a prestigious and well-respected academy system. Of course, there have been success stories like Marcus Rashford, Scott McTominay and even Mason Greenwood - to an extent - but young players have struggled to fulfil their potential under previous managers post-Sir Alex Ferguson. Under Ten Hag, there is scope to develop without a ceiling. His swashbuckling possession-based attacking style, centred around improving from within, would enable United to reach new heights - however long it may take. The luxury of spending power - something that has not always been available with Ajax - will help fast-track United's route back to the top, providing the board invest smartly, something that hasn't always been the case. READ MORE: Man Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger But there are no doubts that should Ten Hag be successful in his pursuit of the hot-seat, he will want to oversee wholesale changes to the club's infrastructure. He will look to eradicate wasting bundles of cash and instead promote signing the right profile following extensive scouting. And what better place to start than two of his Ajax disciples, who have become household names in the Eredivisie under his management. Antony and Ryan Gravenberch represent instant upgrades on United's current options. Not only are they young (22 and 19) but they have already shown they're capable of stepping up on the big stage in the Champions League. DON'T MISSPaul Pogba reveals battle with depression after World Cup medal stolen during Man Utd gameMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held United need to move away from signing the big names - as they did last summer with Cristiano Ronaldo, Raphael Varane (Jadon Sancho fits the bill) - and instead invest their time in stars of the future, who are ready to perform now. Antony and Gravenberch are already well-established stars and a whole host of top European clubs are seemingly ready to pounce. United can beat the rush providing they secure the services of Ten Hag, who could give them the added edge in any transfer battle. With Greenwood's future unclear and Rashford struggling for form, Antony would be the perfect buy. He has already shown glimpses of exploding having scored 12 and assisted 10 in all competitions this season. The Brazilian has already outlined his ambition to play in England one day... "Ajax is the place where I feel happy. But of course, I do think about a move in the future sometimes,” Antony told De Telegraaf. "Premier League and La Liga are the leagues I find beautiful. When the time is right, I hope to play there." As for Gravenberch, United are desperate for some extra quality in midfield. The impressive Dutchman is mature beyond his years and has the ability to dictate matches, despite only being a teenager. Bayern Munich have already made an offer for his services now he is approaching the final year of his contract but once again, Ten Hag could prove to be a decisive factor in his next move. There are no guarantees Ten Hag will be the next United boss but if you were to embark on a new challenge, staying with a manager you love to play under makes any transition far easier. These are the players United need to be targeting. That's why Ten Hag represents a refreshing option that can prompt the Red Devils to totally change their approach to the transfer market.