 Will will be hoping to win Best Actor for his role in King Richard at tonight’s BAFTAs, which will be aired on BBC One at 7pm. Rebel Wilson hosts as stars of the silver screen gather at the Royal Albert Hall for the coveted award ceremony. Dune, starring Timothée Chalamet and Zendaya, tops the list of nominees and is up for an award in 11 categories.   The evening will also include a celebration of James Bond’s 60th birthday with an exclusive performance from Dame Shirley Bassey and her orchestra. Will, the star of King Richard, is up for best actor alongside the likes of Benedict Cumberbatch, Stephen Graham and Leonardo DiCaprio. Then, on BBC Two, Ali airs at 10pm, a biopic of the legendary heavyweight boxer Muhammad Ali staring Will as Ali himself, a perfomance he was nominated for an Oscar for. Michael Mann’s film covers ten turbulent years in the boxers’s life, from his first victory over Sonny Liston, through to his conversion to Islam, his refusal to fight in Vietnam, and his ‘Rumble in the Jungle’ bout with George Foreman. Read More: Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown  Will propelled himself to international recognition as the MC of hip-hop duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince, alongside his childhood friend Jeffrey ‘DJ Jazzy Jeff’ Townes. He then went on to find acting success in the Nineties for his fictionalised self-portrayal on the much-loved The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. Despite having since been nominated for an Oscar for his performance in Ali, Will is still frequently referred to as ‘the Fresh Prince’ due to the show’s iconic status. Naturally, when Meghan and Harry gave birth to their first child, Archie, in May 2019, royal fans were quick to photoshop a photo of the royal couple into a Fresh Prince of Bel-Air meme.  The meme found its way to the Hollywood star, who appreciated the humour and shared it to his 59 million Instagram followers. In his caption, Will noted that his name also had a royal connection. The actor said: “The internet is on time out for this one! “Harry and Meghan ‒ Big congrats! (Oh trivia P.S. My name is Will and my brother’s name is Harry)”. Don't Miss:Prince Edward stormed out after 'toe-curling' TV disaster[OPINION]Prince Edward heartbreak after Queen forgot his birthday[INSIGHT]Queen made 'rare exception’ for Meghan at start of Harry relationship[ANALYSIS]  The Instagram post had over 19,000 comments, almost all of which were laughter emojis. Archie was born on May 6, 2019 at the Portland Hospital in London, but unlike previous royal births there was no immediate photocall at the hospital steps. To mark the occasion, several landmarks were illuminated in different colours including Niagara Falls and the London Eye. Last year, the Sussexes welcomed their second child, Lilibet, who was born in California, where the family now live.  The Duke of Sussex appeared to be one of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air’s many fans, when he rapped the theme tune of the sit-com while on an LA sight-seeing tour. Harry joined James Corden for a Late Late Show segment in which the pair went on a double-decker bus tour around LA together. James served Harry afternoon tea while pointing out celebrity homes, including what he claimed were those of Die Hard star Bruce Wilis, and Friends actor David Schwimmer. Then, during a visit to the iconic house featured in The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Harry rapped the show’s theme song, which was originally performed by Will.  James tried to convince the Duke of Sussex to buy the mansion, before Harry said that he needed “to pee” and entered the home to use the toilet. When the pair Facetimed Meghan, James once again insisted that the couple should buy the house, to which Meghan quipped: “I think we’ve done enough moving.” Watch the BAFTAs on BBC One at 7pm. Watch Ali on BBC Two at 10pm.