The UK recorded music industry saw revenue surge 12.8 percent to £1.36billion following Covid pandemic slump seen in 2020, according to data from the BPI, the association of independent and major record labels. This welcome boost marked the key sector's seventh consecutive year of revenue growth. Streaming, which has grown substantially over recent years in line with technology trends, was a key revenue driver - skyrocketing 13.7 percent to £837.2million. But elsewhere, physical formats on CD and vinyl - often now thought as outdated - continued to grow at steady rates throughout the industry. Vinyl was the standout performer, with revenue surging 34 percent year-on-year, as more youngsters turn to the turntables. CD sales still managed to contribute £117.2million in revenue - up 1.4 percent from 2020 and the first increase since 2017 - driven by superstar releases from the likes of Adele, Ed Sheeran and ABBA. In total, physical sales jumped by a massive 14.6 percent to £241million. This coincided with a slight increase in the number of independent record shops, which grew from 390 to 407 in 2021, according to a recent report from the Entertainment Retailers Association (ERA). Geoff Taylor, Chief Executive BPI, BRIT Awards & Mercury Prize, said: “After a tough few years, we are also pleased to see growth across the sector, including in physical formats, sync, performance rights and beyond. "This growth yields important benefits for the broader music community, including greater remuneration to a wider base of artists and additional investment by labels in new talent.” “It is important to remember that even today we still have yet to fully recover from years of decline and that, in real terms, we remain a much smaller industry than 15 years ago. READ MORE: French Fishermen accuse UK of ‘not respecting’ Brexit agreement "We urge the music community to join together to continue growing the market, for example by helping British music secure the largest possible share of streaming growth abroad. "That will be an effective way to maximise the success of British music creators and the ecosystem that supports them.” On Tuesday, March 15, UK Music chief executive Jamie Njoku-Goodwin wrote to Chancellor Rishi Sunak to press him over possibly reconsidering the hotly-disputed rise in VAT coming into force on April 1, warning this could blow a huge hole in the industry. UK Music, the body representing the collective interests of the production side of UK’s commercial music industry, has instead suggested a six-point plan. DON'T MISSUkraine war: Britons issued new advice for travel to Europe [ADVICE]Truss proves she is not a one-trick pony -she's the UK's secret weapon [ANALYSIS]John Bercow: Five times former Commons Speaker frustrated Brexit [REPORT] This included extending the current 50 per cent discount on business rates on music venues, and more funding to help British performers touring the European Union. Mr Njoku-Goodwin wrote in his letter to the Chancellor: “The planned hike in VAT could not come at a worse time for millions of music fans and the live music industry, which was shut down for almost two years due to the pandemic. “We saw during those grim periods of lockdown just how important music was to people’s mental health and how it helped us get through some really tough times. “Pushing up VAT to 20 percent would be hugely damaging for the music industry and leave music fans facing a cost of gigging crisis. The rise would come at a time when we are rebuilding post-COVID-19, with hundreds of concerts planned over the next few months. He added: “We would urge the Chancellor to give people who already face rising prices and grim headlines every day a little lift by ditching the ticket tax and abandoning the VAT hike. “Dumping the planned VAT hike would help keep ticket prices down for fans and help music businesses pay down debts they built up during the pandemic, generate thousands of new jobs and nurture new talent. “It would help the music industry continue to recover and rebuild after the COVID-19 pandemic, which wiped out around one in three jobs in our sector.”