Former footballer Jamie Redknapp, 48, introduced his four-month-old son Raphael to Dutch football legend and family friend, Ruud Gullit, 59. Jamie shared the adorable meeting on his Instagram story in view of his 1.4million followers. In a post shared on Friday, little Raphael could be seen sitting on Ruud’s lap wearing an adorable white baby grow and his hair fluffed up into a Mohican. Alongside the cute snap, Jamie joked: “Hoping some [football] magic rubs off from the great man @ruudgullit.” Ruud played professionally in the 1980s and 1990s. He was named World Soccer Player of the Year in 1987 and 1989 respectively, and won the Ballon d’Or in 1987. He captained the Netherlands’ national team when the squad was victorious at UEFA Euro 1988. READ MORE:'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase He went on to be named one of FIFA’s top 100 greatest living footballers in 2004. Jamie and his wife Frida, 38, welcomed Raphael in November. Last month, Jamie joked about claims the tot looks just like his father, Harry Redknapp’s twin. A video showed Harry holding his grandson at Rick Stein’s restaurant in Sandbanks, Dorset. The football pundit captioned the clip: “What do you mean everyone says we look like twins?! “I look nothing like you Pop.” Raphael is Jamie’s third child. He shares two older sons, Charlie, 17, and Beau, 13, with his ex-wife Louise Redknapp. DON'T MISSAlex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White[LATEST]Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat[INSIGHT]'It's sad' Karren Brady on Oprah Winfrey being hailed as a role model[NEWS] Jamie and Louise split after 20 years of marriage back in 2017 and their divorce was finalised a year later. Meanwhile, Jamie’s new wife Frida has three sons and a daughter from her previous marriage to American hedge fund manager, Jonathan Lourie. Jamie and Frida wed in a secret ceremony in October after dating since the beginning of 2019. The A League of Their Own star gave fans an insight into their “intimate” day in a series of unseen pictures on social media. The black and white snaps show the newlyweds beaming for the camera after just exchanging their vows. One saw Frida giving a speech which left guests in hysterics and a third saw the couple hugging each other as the congregation applauded. Jamie captioned the adorable pictures: “We wanted to share some moments from our special day. “It was a very small intimate wedding with friends and family. Thanks so much for all the kind messages.”