The Conservative MP insisted Boris Johnson needs to intervene to ensure one of the key benefits of Brexit is delivered. He said the UK must resume its reform scheme to remove outdated regulation to ensure British businesses become more nimble and more competitive. He denounced the current Government's strategy as threatening to leave business owners getting lost in a "blob" of European Union-inspired bureaucracy. Mr Penrose told the Prime Minister: "In addition to the tragedy in Ukraine, I know the Prime Minister also wants to slash red tape to make Britain more internationally competitive. "David Cameron succeeded but after he left, we abandoned his programmed one in, two-out regime and added billions in red tape costs instead. "Last month's Benefits of Brexit document repeats the mistake, vetoing one in, two out for another toothless regime. "Can I urge the Prime Minister to step in before it's too late?" READ MORE ABOUT THE LATEST BREXIT NEWS IN OUR LIVE BLOG He added: "Otherwise the blob will win and we will fail to deliver a key benefit of Brexit." Mr Johnson insisted colleague Jacob Rees-Mogg, who was appointed as Minister of Brexit Opportunities last month, was already working on removing old EU-influenced regulations to help free businesses from added bureaucratic burdens. The Prime Minister said: "I'm delighted to say that we have a new Secretary of State for post-Brexit freedoms and that he's driving a campaign to reform, repeal and replace outdated legislation and regulation across the board. "I don't know about the blob, I can think of no more fearsome antagonist for the blob than my right honorable friend." READ MORE: ‘Tedious!’ Alastair Stewart sparks Remain fury -rubbishes claims Brexit caused Ukraine war The one in, two out approach was first adopted under David Cameron and meant ministers seeking to introduce a new regulation that would leave businesses facing added implementation costs need to remove or modify previous rules with double the cost to business. Brexit has remained a hot topic in British politics despite the British Government striking a deal on future trading relations with the European Union in December 2020. The Protocol relating to Northern Ireland is still a key point of contention between the bloc and the UK, with the DUP lamenting the impact the agreement has had on the nation's role within the union. DON'T MISS:Lord Frost in stunning admission as he outlines plan to battle Putin [INSIGHT]Lord Frost 'very glad' if resignation stopped another lockdown [WATCH]Boris lambasted as Frost plots Tory rebellion over return to fracking [REACTION] /news/uk/1573738/alastair-stewart-gb-news-ukraine-crisis-brexit-remainer-fury Northern Ireland's powersharing Executive collapsed earlier this month when the DUP's Paul Givan resigned as first minister in protest at the protocol. His party leader told the Bipa meeting: "Those who claim that the Northern Ireland Protocol is designed to protect the Good Friday Agreement and the political institutions that were created by it surely must now recognise that the three sets of relationships covered by the agreement have been damaged since the protocol was implemented. "The continued imposition of the protocol upon Northern Ireland has cast its long shadow over our political arrangements at Stormont, as well as on a north-south and east-west basis and the everyday lives of our people. "The genuine objections to it cannot be wished away, nor simply ignored."