Martin Lewis, 49, has announced he is taking some time away from social media as he battles to cope with the harrowing news cycle. Amid the cost of living crisis, pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Martin revealed he desperately needs to spend the weekend offline. In view of his 1.3million Twitter followers, Martin wrote: “What a horrible, tragic, week it has been. “I'm signing off social media for the weekend. I wish everyone as safe and as happy a weekend as you can have. “Let's hope and pray there's some light soon. “See you Monday,” he concluded the message. After Martin worked tirelessly recently to help out members of the public, particularly when the rise in energy bills was announced, his fans hoped he could now take some time for himself. Isabel replied: “You have a peaceful weekend too with your love ones.Thank you for all you do to help us x”. Aworkinprogress added: “Sending love and thanks for the support you offer us. Hold your loved one close. X”. Karen penned: “Thankyou for all your info for us all- have a nice weekend”. “Try to get some rest and family time x,” added Dot. Before he departed, Martin also shared a stark warning for his followers. “We're rightly being told there will be a cost to all of us of the necessary sanctions on Russia & it'll exacerbate the cost of living crisis,” he wrote. “Yet lets be watchful that the narrative doesn't change so the whole cost of living crisis is due to it. It was in place long before this.” DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSIGHT]Gethin Jones posts update from hospital after ankle surgery [VIDEO] Martin shares a nine-year-old daughter named Sapphire Susan with his wife Lara Lewington, 42. Last October, he accidentally sparked a light-hearted disagreement with Lara online over their differences in opinion when it came to parenting. Martin asked: “How old were you when you first started drinking coffee (if you do). “Mini MSE [Martin’s daughter] was asking what age people do - I know I drank it in my teens, but not sure when I had my first. “Do you remember?” Martin’s other half Lara was one of the first to take to the comments section to warn him that their daughter is “not allowed any” coffee. She wrote back alongside a crying with laughter emoji: “I was 22, she's not allowed any!” Martin followed up later with another tweet, writing: “Really interesting many much older than I thought - seems to be around the cusp of people's 20s on average (sic)”.