Tottenham have been put on high alert by Paulo Dybala's latest contract development as reports suggest that the Argentine is prepared to quit Juventus this summer when his contract expires. The Lilywhites are among a host of teams linked with the forward's signature as his entourage get to work on securing a free exit. Having underwhelmed last campaign, Dybala is producing impressive numbers this time out with eight goals and five assists in 21 Serie A matches. Despite his on-pitch success, tension behind the scenes has occasionally spilled over onto the pitch as player and club remain deadlocked on the issue of a new deal. Back in January, Dybala scored the opener in a 2-0 win over Udinese before staring down vice president Pavel Nedved in the stands. The clear friction left interested parties awaiting further updates on his future. A big one came on Monday after the player's entourage met with Juve officials to work out the next best move. After two hours, they went their separate ways and transfer insider Fabrizio Romano claims that Dybala will not sign a new deal and tie down his future in Turin. JUST IN: Man Utd face more Mino Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern Munich 'bid' jeopardises plans The Bianconeri reportedly lowered their initial contract offer which was verbally accepted by the star in October, prompting him to change his mind. As a result, Dybala and his camp are reportedly preparing to 'open talks with other clubs'. SPORT claim that Tottenham presented Dybala with a contract offer earlier this year in an attempt to pip their rivals to a summer move. Manager Antonio Conte and sporting director Fabio Paratici both have strong links to Juventus and are expected to play a vital role if they manage to thrash out a deal. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Arsenal boss Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing vs Aston Villa [COMMENT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES] Manchester United and Liverpool have also been linked to the 28-year-old, while Barcelona could pose a threat from elsewhere in Europe. The Catalan club are seemingly sniffing out the continent's finest free transfer opportunities, and it has been claimed that the Camp Nou is Dybala's preferred destination. With such intense transfer competition on the horizon, qualifying for next season's Champions League could be crucial if Spurs are to present a convincing argument. Currently, they sit three points behind fourth-place Arsenal having built up solid momentum with four wins from their last five league games. On Sunday, Conte oversaw an impressive 3-1 home victory over fellow European rivals West Ham. Two goals from Heung-min Son and three assists from Harry Kane showed that Spurs are not ready to lie down, and could instead be hitting top form at the perfect time. Over the coming two-week break from domestic action, the Italian boss can take a step back and formulate a plan of action between now and the end of the season. The Spurs hierarchy can also begin to put plans in place if they are indeed serious about signing Dybala in a few months' time.