Erik ten Hag will look to appoint a Dutch former Manchester United player to his backroom staff if he becomes the next Red Devils boss, according to reports. Ten Hag is the favourite to replace Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford after being interviewed at the beginning of the international break. Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino also remains a target for United. However, it appears Ten Hag would be easier and cheaper to get. The 52-year-old has impressed in his role as Ajax boss and is well placed to win the Dutch Eredivisie again this season. His talks with United are claimed to have gone well. However, it appears he will want some help from a compatriot if he does indeed take the job. The Times claims he will look to bring in a Dutch former United player onto his staff. READ MORE: Roy Keane blamed for Harry Maguire booing as Man Utd legend labelled 'vicious'  Jaap Stam, who played for United for three years between 1998 and 2001, wouldn't say no if offered a role. Stam said: “If they would ask me, I would do it straight away without a doubt." One person who also fits the bill, and Ten Hag knows well, is Edwin van der Sar. The former goalkeeper has been the chief executive at Ajax since 2016. Ruud van Nistelrooy won't be the chosen one, however. The former striker will become the new manager of PSV Eindhoven from the start of next season. United are not the only team interested in appointing Ten Hag this summer. The same report says there is strong interest from a number of clubs, including one in Germany. DON'T MISSO'Hara names five reasons why players would rather sign for Tottenham than Arsenal [QUOTES]Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee [REPORT]Bayern told to take 'revenge' on Granovskaia by 'helping themselves' to Havertz [TRANSFERS]  United may have to move fast if they believe Ten Hag is the manager for them. But Ajax are still keen to keep him until his contract expires in the summer of 2023. Former United manager Louis van Gaal gave his opinion on a potential appointment of Ten Hag earlier this week. And the Holland boss warned his compatriot it would be the wrong decision to move to Old Trafford. Van Gaal said: “Erik ten Hag is a great coach and that is always good for Manchester United. But Manchester United are a commercial club, so it’s a difficult choice for a coach. "He would be better going to a football club. I’m not going to advise him, he’ll call me himself. But he must choose a football club and not a commercial club.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here