His new 20-minute springtime routine created in partnership with SmileDirectClub, consists of a number of exercises designed specifically to target your whole body. "Benefits of fully body is it’s more efficient especially when you’re limited with time," he said, "and you work more muscles, so you use more energy which means you burn more calories in less time. "Focus on compound movements rather than isolated ones." An advocate for morning training, he explained: "It’s simple! Get up at 6.30am but don’t think too much about the time or you’ll start to talk yourself out of the workout. "Remember - comfortable people achieve nothing and by 7am, it’ll be over. You’ll have showered off and be ready for the day ahead full of endorphins." And it might be a little easier now that the mornings are getting lighter: "Think about exercising outside which is a great way to feel revitalised," he smiled. "Working out is key to looking and feeling better as well as boosting confidence. "My new routine can even be done in a pair of pyjamas, so there’s no excuses for not getting started now." PMac's programme, which is suitable for beginners and advanced fitness lovers, comprises 16 different exercises and should be completed in 20 minutes with as many rounds as possible. 1. Jumping squats - 12 reps: These improve upper and lower body strength and burn calories faster than regular squats. It’s a powerful move to get your glutes, quads, hips and hamstrings working as well as raising your heart rate. 2. Plank twists - 12 reps: For targeting the obliques (sides of the abdominals) and to a lesser degree, the abs and lower back. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure 3. Ab walkouts - 12 reps: An excellent way to work out your core and hit your abs hard. Shoulders and the upper torso will also feel the impact. The reps will stretch your legs, glutes and lower back. 4. Prisoner get up - 12 reps: Targets the glutes, quads and hamstrings. Positioning the hands behind the head will help stabilise the core as well as your shoulders and back. One min rest 5. Jumping jacks - 12 reps: This exercise is a great all-rounder. It works all the major muscles in the lower body, strengthening your glutes, hamstrings, quads, hips, calves, and shins. The higher and faster you jump, the more power and strength you'll develop. 6. Lateral lunge - 12 reps: A lower body exercise to primarily target large muscle groups in the legs, such as the hamstrings and quads. Lateral lunges also work the inner thigh muscles such as adductors and the outer glutes. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] 7. Reverse lunge knee raise - 12 reps each side: Ideal for those with knee problems or less hip mobility. The lunge will activate your core, glutes and hamstrings but puts less stress on your joints. 8. Plank up down - 12 reps: For toning the core, glutes, arms, wrists and shoulders. One min rest 9. Skater jumps - 12 reps: An effective cardio exercise which also aids balance and coordination. 10. Crunches - 12 reps: Improves posture and strengthens core muscles. 11. Toe touches - 12 reps: Stretches the hamstrings and the lower back.  12. Flutter kicks - 12 reps: Works the thigh muscles and the hip flexors. One min rest 13. Mountain climbers - 12 reps: An intense exercise to work the abdominals, legs, triceps, chest and shoulders. 14. Press ups - 12 reps: Builds upper body strength. 15. Plank shoulder taps - 12 reps: Strength’s core, glutes, arms and shoulders and can reduce lower back pain, tighten the mid-section and improve posture. 16. Burpees - 12 reps: A whole body workout to build strength and endurance in your lower and upper body. Burpees should work the muscles in the legs, hips, abdomen, arms, chest, buttocks and shoulders.  On rising early, the highly-sought after PT suggests planning your workout schedule on a Sunday so it's all there for the week ahead. He also noted that by getting a workout in first thing, it's then out of the way and no longer on the to-do list. But there are instances where a person isn't able to squeeze in a calorie burner in the AM. "It doesn’t matter the time of day you do your workout as long as you do it," he said. "If the morning doesn’t work for you, do when fits your routine best."