Nick Ferrari launched into a scathing attack on Sadiq Khan's record as Mayor of London after the capital suffered a second 24-hour Tube strike in a week. Mr Khan was booed on Thursday after he decided to attend a glitzy awards ceremony instead of dealing with the transport crisis. Speaking on LBC, Mr Ferrari tore into Mr Khan's record in power and compared it to his predecessors. The radio show host pointed out that Sadiq Khan has presided over more walkouts on the Tube than the past two London mayors combined. He said: "The post was created in the year 2000. You had two double-terms from Livingstone and Johnson - 16 years - and there were 51 strikes. "We have had six years of Sadiq Khan with more strikes, there have been 52 strikes! "Now that takes some doing." JUST IN: British citizens told how to prepare for 'no deal Brexit' Mr Ferrari continued: "And then you factor in that he said there would be no strikes because he would roll his sleeves up, and he has uniquely managed to bring out more disruption. "It's extraordinary. If only he were running the Russian Army we'd have a chance." When Mr Khan first ran for mayoral office, he promised "zero strikes". During his 2016 campaign for City Hall, the Labour mayor said: “Strikes are ultimately a sign of failure. "Every day there’s a strike, it causes huge misery and inconvenience to Londoners. “As mayor, what I’d do is roll up my sleeves and make sure that I’m talking to everyone who runs public transport to make sure there are zero days of strikes.” On Thursday he was booed at the NME awards after the RMT union staged a second 24-hour walkout of Underground staff, bringing the capital to a near-total standstill again. About 10,000 RMT union members walked out on Thursday, as they did on Tuesday, in an ongoing dispute over job losses and pensions. The strikes come after ministers have repeatedly bailed out TfL, most recently on Friday, when it was granted a further £200million to keep services running until June. DON'T MISS: Reporter pushed out of White House meeting after shaming Biden [VIDEO]Boris urged to 'get tough' with Macron after French election [INTERVIEW]Putin must lose, but only Russia can dethrone him [COMMENT] Mr Khan again sparked outrage on Friday after announcing an expansion of the ultra-low emission zone (ULEZ), effectively meaning only “clean” vehicles can drive within the M25 without paying a charge. Grant Davies, Chairman of the London Cab Drivers Club, said that Mr Khan was presiding over the "the demise of London as one of the greatest cities". He told GB News: "When he’s finished as mayor, well probably be a shell of the city we once was and it's dying." Earlier this week, Conservative MP Bob Blackman MP blasted the Mayor, calling him a “do-nothing”. Mr Blackman said: "The Government has very generously supplied £4.5billion to cover the loss of income to Transport for London. “The trade unions this week, for the second day this week, have brought London literally to a halt. "At this time of course, there is one person that's completely silent about that, the do-nothing Mayor of London."