The long-running BBC sitcom has found a new home on Channel 5, and the Last of the Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughter documentary takes viewers on a nostalgic view down memory lane. The one-off special speaks to cast and family members and has revealed that the much-loved actor Peter Sallis who played Clegg in the show, wore his own clothes. Peter Sallis' son Crispian Sallis sat down with Channel 5 to reminisce about his father's TV appearance. While talking candidly about Peter, he let slip that he used to wear his own clothes for filming. The plastic mac coat that Peter wore for the pilot episode was "costume" but the rest of his outfit was made up from his wardrobe. Crispian said: "He wore his own clothes. Read More:  Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby? "To all intents and purposes, he wore all his own clothes. Certainly in the pilot, and I'm guessing the first year or so. "He just wore his own gardening clothes. You know they were from Jermyn Street and Harrods and Savile Road, but they all played their part in the garden for years." The show first premiered in January 1973, with the star appearing in it until it finished broadcasting in 2010. Reruns of the show are still seen on primetime TV, with the new documentary introducing the comedy stylings of the cast to a new generation. Crispian shared with the other fun stories and divulged that lifelong friendships were formed on the show. He pointed out that his father quickly began to get on well with Compo actor Bill Owen. "Bill Owen and my father formed a friendship straight away. They absolutely instantly hit it off," he said. However, Bill's son Tom Owen divulged that not every actor got on well off-screen. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Paula Wilcox’s blunt response to taxi drivers who ‘fell in love’ with her [LATEST]'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera [LATEST]  Tom said: "Bill got on much better with Peter than he did with Michael Bates, who was very right wing. My dad was very left wing." Their political alliances seemed to be the cause of many spats, with Crispian adding that his dad had to pull the two apart: "If not Jimmy, Gilbert the director, Pa was like, 'Will you two just pack it in?'" Since the documentary aired fans have shared their love of the show online @BigJungus97 tweeted: "Saw that Channel 5 Last of the Summer wine documentary. It was a nice light entertainment look over the run of the show."   @MattAlexBestfan commented not long after it aired live on Channel 5: "Loved watching Last of the Summer Wine 30 years of laughs documentary shown last weekend on Channel 5. "Remember being tearful when the scene of Compo playing the last post on his bugle from the millennium special came on." "Watching Channel 5's tribute documentary to Last Of The Summer Wine! Absolute genius! The classic episodes are still gold standard!" @jonnylonglegs80 added. Last of the Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughter is available to stream on My5. 