Kate and Camilla have made headlines recently as both prepare to take on more important roles within the Firm. According to one body language expert, both women’s status has already been elevated, especially as they today attended an important service without Her Majesty the Queen. Without the presence of the Queen, Camilla and Kate were forced to take more central roles in today’s Commonwealth Day celebrations in London. Body language expert Judi James said: “Camilla took a much more central role in the royal line-up today, though she did still appear slightly nervous, even standing right in front of a very frail but jolly-looking Princess Alexandra at one point as the royals gathered together to walk down the aisle. “Since the last appearance here she has been confirmed as next Queen and, with the Queen herself sadly missing, her profile and visual rank became raised. “There is still an air of caution and humility about her body language, though. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps “The very warm greeting rituals with William and Kate looked led and enhanced by the younger royals and although William and Camilla stood chatting together, it was Kate that Charles moved close to for some more animated-looking conversation and laughter. “He used eye contact and emphatic gesticulation as though genuinely enjoying the meeting with his daughter-in-law.” Judi went on to describe Camilla’s body language, saying it suggested “she is and will step up to the plate but without employing any air of assumption or raised status”. The body language expert added: “She still looks primarily her husband’s consort first and foremost and a future Queen second.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] However, it seemed the public were today given an insight into what awaits once Charles inevitably becomes King. Judi continued: “The status signals had changed, illustrating how Camilla has now been officially elevated to the role of future Queen. “Charles arrived ahead of her, eclipsing his wife as usual, but also looking a little frailer and with an unsteady gait that might be a result of Covid.” Judi claimed that, like Camilla, Kate Middleton’s status has also elevated. She said: “William crooked his inner arm as though silently offering it to Kate as they arrived, but Kate’s status has also been raised since the last outing here and she showed supreme levels of inner confidence by walking with her arms hanging down at her sides. “It was Kate chatting to William here and it was Kate looking relaxed and animated as she chatted to her hosts. “Without the burden of all the suppressed bitterness from 2020, Kate’s dimpled smile returned and she looked relaxed and comfortable with her own elevated role with the Queen sadly absent.” The body language expert added that “Kate’s greeting ritual for Camilla was signature current Kate”. She said: “We saw at Philip’s funeral how Kate now steps up in terms of royal signaling and cohesion in public, meaning the add-ons or tie-signs she used with Camilla were probably not accidental. “With Camilla now confirmed as future Queen we saw Kate touch her arm in an act of intimacy and affection as she kissed her. “She also crouched extremely low to plant the kisses and after her hand dropped from Camilla’s arm, she replaced it to add an extra squeeze of what seemed to signal affection.” Kate and Camilla both looked ravishing at the service today. The Duchess of Cambridge opted for a royal blue coat dress with a matching hat, as well as matching sapphire jewellery. Meanwhile, Camilla donned a purple coat dress from London couture designer Fiona Clare.