Arsenal vs Liverpool live stream TEAM NEWS Arsenal XI: Ramsdale, Cedric, White, Gabriel, Tierney, Partey, Xhaka, Saka, Odegaard, Martinelli, Lacazette Liverpool XI: Alisson, Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson, Henderson, Fabinho, Thiago, Jota, Mane, Diaz Arsenal are taking on Liverpool in a blockbuster Premier League game this evening. Mikel Arteta's side will be looking to continue their good run of form against a Reds team that are right back in the title hunt following Manchester City's 0-0 draw with Crystal Palace this week. If you want to tune in to all the action you'll need access to Sky Sports who are broadcasting the game from the Emirates exclusively live. You can find out details on the best Sky Sports deals below... Liverpool XI: Alisson, Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson, Henderson, Fabinho, Thiago, Jota, Mane, Diaz  Going into this game Liverpool have the chance to move within touching distance of league leaders Manchester City. Jurgen Klopp's side are just four points behind City with a game in hand, meaning a win tonight will move them to within just a point. Arsenal, meanwhile, are on a rich run of form and are currently in the Champions League positions. After a number of years out of Europe's top club competition the Gunners will be looking to soldify their position in fourth spot (and close in on third-placed Chelsea) seeing as they have a number of games in hand over the sides above and below them in the table. You can tune in and watch coverage of Arsenal vs Liverpool on Sky Sports Premier League and Sky Sports Main Event from 7.30pm, with kick-off at 8.15pm. If you've got Sky Glass or Sky Q then a Sky Sports membership will usually cost £32 a month. But Sky is currently running a deal that drops that price to £20 a month. This can be paired with the standard Sky TV bundle, which unlocks access to exclusive channels like Sky Atlantic, as well as Comedy Central, MTV, and more, coupled with a Netflix subscription.   If you're not home, everything from Sky Sports is also beamed to tablets and smartphones via the Sky Go app, which is available for both Android and iOS devices. You can also sign in to Sky Go on an Xbox or PlayStation to watch in another room if someone else is using the Sky Q box. Sky-owned NOW, formerly NOW TV, offers limited-time access to Sky Sports. One month usually costs £33.99, but for a limited time only this price has dropped to £20 a month (but you'll need to sign up for nine months). While a single 24-hour period of Sky Sports will cost a one-off payment of £11.98 with NOW. NOW is also available on a NOW TV Box, Chromecast, PS5, PS4, PS3, Xbox Series X, Xbox One, Xbox 360, Roku, LG Smart TV, PC or Mac, and selected mobile and tablet devices. Unfortunately, if you're outside of the UK right now, your Sky Go and NOW subscriptions might not work as you'd expect. Sky – just like Netflix, BBC iPlayer, Prime Video and a number of other services – places restrictions based on your current location, which is determined by the IP address that your device was assigned when you connected to the internet. It's possible to bypass these geo-restrictions by employing a Virtual Private Network, or VPN, service. You can find some of the best options below... 