For the British Royal Family, which is reportedly worth an extravagant $28billion (£21.1billion), money is no object. When it comes to engagement rings, they boast some of the most beautiful in the world. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to diamond expert Maxwell Stone about Princess Anne and Zara Tindall’s engagement rings. As the only daughter of Queen Elizabeth II, it is no surprise that Princess Anne has a stunning engagement ring. Interestingly, Princess Anne received a sapphire engagement ring from both Timothy Lawrence and her previous husband, Mark Phillips, stated Maxwell. This suggests that she has an affiliation with the stone, which represents “protection and good fortune”, according to jeweller Ingle & Rhode. Mike Tindall, on the other hand, “proposed to Zara with a four-claw split shoulder design with several pavé set diamonds, complete with a single solitaire diamond”. READ MORE: Horoscopes: Gemini has 'useful' trait in love but must 'stop worrying' Jewellery maker Ingle & Rhode revealed that the “beautiful” and “classical” white diamond is “the most popular gem within ring designs”. In terms of structure, Princess Anne and Zara Tindall’s rings are “completely different” in both design and stone. Maxwell explained: “Princess Anne's rings have a vintage, Art-Deco style, while Zara's is much more modern.” However, the mother-daughter duo’s rings do have “one thing in common”. Maxwell stated: “Both Princess Anne's and Zara's rings are notably understated in comparison to other royal engagement rings. “They contain much smaller stones; Princess Anne's latest ring has a 3ct sapphire, while Zara's has a 1.5ct diamond.” In contrast, Princess Diana’s Ceylon sapphire engagement ring, which now belongs to the Duchess of Cambridge, boasts a whopping 12ct stone. Princess Beatrice’s engagement ring features a 3.5ct diamond, while Meghan Markle’s is a 3.8ct. As for the head of the family, Maxwell added: “Queen Elizabeth's ring is breath-taking. “It features 11 white diamonds of the highest quality, a 3ct round solitaire and five smaller stones set on each shoulder.” As well as sharing a similarity in engagement rings, Princess Anne and Zara Tindall both have an outdoorsy nature, and love horses. Both mother and daughter are seasoned equestrians, with their passion for horse riding taking the duo to the Olympics. The design of their rings may be just as much about function as it is about style. Lorna Haddon, head of diamonds and jewellery at Beaverbrooks stated: “As Zara is an Olympic equestrian rider and big sports fan, Mike’s choice was practical as well as beautiful, with a low-sitting diamond.” Maxwell concluded: "Princess Anne's ring is likely to be worth around £25,000, while I would value Zara Tindall's ring at around £15,000." Although they are by no means inexpensive, they are relatively modest compared to Kate Middleton’s engagement ring (£300,000) or Queen Elizabeth II’s (£207,000).