Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel has spoken out on what he would like to see from the club's new owners with Roman Abramovich poised to end his reign. Blues fans have been forced to wait in suspense as a supposed bidding war takes place behind the scenes which, once concluded, would allow them to resume normal service. Chelsea have scrambled to resolve their ownership situation behind the scenes after Abramovich's assets were frozen by the UK government in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. That includes the football club, leaving the Blues cut off from the 55-year-old billionaire's money and preventing him from receiving a penny if he steps aside. Friday marks the deadline for Abramovich to sell the club he took over in 2003, signalling the end of a 19-year stint that has seen Chelsea rake in silverware. Some interested parties are set to request that the deadline be extended, however. BBC Sport claim that seven serious bidders remain in contention to take over. A consortium including London 2012 chief Lord Coe is among them, alongside The Ricketts family, another consortium involving Todd Boehly, British billionare Nick Candy and a Saudi-based consortium. JUST IN: Man Utd 'very hot' on signing £63m-rated star who is Ralf Rangnick favourite  Amid the hustle and bustle, Tuchel has done his best to remain positive throughout a rocky and uncertain period. When asked what he would like to see from the club's prospective new ownership, he responded: "Hopefully they like winning." "I am not involved, zero," he added, "I am informed from time to time, but as you know we have a tight schedule so I'm happy not to be informed of every step and change in the process. That gives me the advantage to focus on the football and things I can infulence." DON'T MISSRonaldo 'makes final decision on Man Utd future'Man Utd have private 'motive' in wanting to steal RudigerMan Utd and Arsenal target Tielemans 'amazed' by speculation   Since the chaos began to unfold earlier this month, Tuchel has overseen three consecutive victories over Norwich City, Newcastle United and Lille. Those results have left the Blues in the driving seat regarding Champions League qualification for next season, while thrusting them into the quarter-finals of this campaign's competition. Such is the job Tuchel is doing, and indeed has done since his appointment at Stamford Bridge just over a year ago, the former PSG boss has also been drafted into talk of the Manchester United job. The Daily Mail claim that he is on a five-man shortlist including Mauricio Pochettino, Erik ten Hag, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique.  Gary Neville is among the former Man Utd stars to back Tuchel for the Old Trafford hotseat. When quizzed on the rumours on Friday, however, Tuchel delivered a message that Chelsea fans will be delighted to hear. "Do you feel me less committed or involved with this club? Absolutely not," stated the German, "I love to work for Chelsea and this club has everything it needs to make me happy." 