Chelsea could be handed a lifeline by one of three tussling American bidders after current owner Roman Abramovich was hit with crippling sanctions by the UK government. The Blues' short-term future is shrouded in uncertainty as fans and players are both set to be severely affected by decisions taken against their Russian owner. Spillover from Vladimir Putin's widely-condemned invasion of Ukraine has become commonplace in the sporting world, and Chelsea are the latest to be impacted. Abramovich's assets have been frozen, including Chelsea Football Club, as the government's crackdown against wealthy Russians continues. As it stands, the club are unable to sell match tickets, offer new contracts or buy players in the transfer market. The action was taken to ensure that Abramovich, who had already announced his intention to sell the west London club, would not profit from the sale. JUST IN: Mauricio Pochettino 'faces PSG sack' and knows next project amid Man Utd links  If the Russian billionaire is still keen to part ways for the good of the club, as would be permitted if a license to do so was accepted by the UK government, The Telegraph claim that a trio of interested parties are ready to engage in a tug-of-war to acquire the Champions League holders. There have reportedly been well over 100 enquiries but three serious United States-based buyers remain at the forefront. Todd Boehly and Hansjorg Wyss, in tandem with another businessman, have already submitted a joint offer of between £2billion and £2.5bn. The Ricketts family, who own the Chicago Cubs baseball team, are also believed to be in the mix.  And the tussling trio is supposedly completed by Woody Johnson, who owns the New York Jets. Chelsea's shirt sponsors, Three, have already suspended their partnership with the Blues over concerns relating to their ownership fiasco. As such, when they take to the field against Norwich City on Thursday evening, Three have requested that their brand logo be removed from shirts. The Times claim that Chelsea are set to engage in crunch talks with the government amid fears that restrictions on ticket sales could set the club on a path to financial catastrophe.  Manager Thomas Tuchel, meanwhile, reportedly has no intentions of jumping ship at Stamford Bridge despite the adverse circumstances. It remains to be seen for how long that adversity takes hold in north London, as fans will undoubtedly hope that restrictions are lifted by the time the transfer window opens in June. Time is of the essence, though, as stars like Cesar Azpilicueta, Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen continue to run down their contracts. If unable to slap new deals on the table, all three will leave on free transfers at the end of the season.  