The former Prime Minister says he is “ready to put my arguments” forward in a second Scottish independence referendum, which the current Tory government has so far dismissed. Scottish Tories accused Mr Brown of “caving” to pressure from the SNP. The New Labour leader fought for the “No” campaign during the 2014 independence referendum. Mr Johnson has previously rebuffed calls for a second vote, citing the “once in a generation” claim made during the 2014 campaign. Alister Jack, the Scottish Secretary, has indicated that the Government would not consider allowing another referendum unless polling suggested a ‘yes’ vote of 60 percent or higher and was sustained for a year. He added: “The SNP would only have to win once if we just keep asking the question.” READ MORE: Ian Blackford insists Scottish independence vote will still go ahead However, Mr Brown suggested that “the Government thinks that they can’t afford to have a referendum”. He told the Sunday Times: “I've got no doubt we can win a referendum if there is one, and I'm not afraid of a referendum and don't spend my time thinking about how we can avoid one. “But there's no doubt that's what the Government thinks that they can't afford to have a referendum. “I'm not afraid of fighting a referendum or arguing the case in a referendum. I'm ready any time to put my arguments.” Responding to the former Prime Minister’s remarks, Donald Cameron, shadow constitution secretary for the Scottish Tories, told the Telegraph that the comments “are deeply reckless coming from a former Labour leader – and are just the latest example of Labour caving in to the SNP on independence.” Mr Cameron told the Sunday Times: “Gordon Brown is wrong in both his analysis and his strategy for tackling the SNP. “The UK Government do not oppose another divisive independence referendum because they are scared, but because it’s the last thing Scotland needs right now and most people don’t want one.” He added: “On top of the nation being preoccupied with the horrific events in Ukraine, the Scottish people want the SNP government to concentrate on our post-pandemic economic recovery and sorting out the public services that have deteriorated on Nicola Sturgeon’s watch. DON'T MISS RAF Emergency: High alert as plane sounds 7700 ‘Squawk’ code [INSIGHT] UK heading for famine and civil war ‘disaster beyond imagination’ [EXCLUSIVE] Ex-CIA chief explains why six Russian generals have been killed [REPORT] “We know that if the SNP lost a second referendum, they would immediately start campaigning for a third one. Gordon Brown should know better than trying to appease them.” Ms Sturgeon, the SNP leader, is expected to soon be unveiling legislation for another Scottish independence vote next year, against the wishes of Westminster. Ian Blackford, the SNP’s Westminster leader, told BBC Scotland that there was a majority in favour of independence at Holyrood when Greens were included. However, Kevin Pringle, former SNP leader Alex Salmond’s chief spin doctor, said Scots were “uncomfortable” with the idea of another referendum at the moment. A recent Savanta ComRes poll showed a stalemate between nationalist and unionist camps, with very few undecideds left to tip the balance towards independence. Mr Pringle also said Ms Sturgeon’s timetabled was unrealistic “given the hurdles to be overcome and extensive preparations required”. Douglas Ross, the Scottish Tory leader, told the Conservative spring conference that a silent majority should use the council elections in May to take Scotland back from the SNP, so the country could move on from a “toxic” independence debate. He said: “Scotland has been gripped by the dead hand of nationalism for years. We can be so much more if we put the referendum obsession behind and come together. “There are opportunities but we cannot have those opportunities with the threat of independence hanging over us.” Ridiculing the SNP’s ardent independence bid, Mr Brown said: “It’s almost like if you say something long enough and passionately enough, enough people will believe it, even if it’s not the truth.”