The Prince of Wales on Tuesday labelled Russia’s invasion of Ukraine a “brutal aggression”. Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall were visiting Southend-on-Sea to formally grant city status to the home of the late Sir David Amess, the murdered MP who had spent much of his life campaigning for such recognition. In a statement to ITV News during the visit, Charles said: “The values of democracy and freedom are under attack today in the most unconscionable way. We are in solidarity with all those who are resisting brutal aggression." It is not the only time Charles has commented on the Russian regime, in 2014 having drawn comparisons between Putin and Hitler in an apparent reference to the Russian annexation of Crimea. In a private conversation, Jewish refugee Marienne Ferguson told him how her family had fled from the Nazis during World War 2. Afterwards, Marienne told a journalist: “The Prince said: ‘And now Putin is doing just the same as Hitler’. “I must say that I agree with him, and am sure a lot of people do. But I was very surprised he made the comment, as I know they [members of the Royal Family] aren’t meant to say these things.” Kremlin-funded media hit back at Charles, as Russia Today (RT) produced a ‘Takes one to know one’ video poking fun at the Windsors’ German heritage. READ MORE: Historian ‘surprised’ by Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn discovery The channel’s In the Now programme showed an image of Edward VIII — Charles’ great uncle — and Wallis Simpson with Hitler in 1937. Alongside the image, it showed the Windsor family tree, declaring: “If anyone knows real Nazis it’s the Royal Family.” Anissa Naouai, RT’s senior political correspondent and the programme’s presenter, then referred to a picture of Prince Harry dressed in a Nazi costume at a party. She said: “He likes to dress up as a Nazi, even if it’s just for Halloween.” She added that “perhaps the royals are better seen not heard” and “Prince Charles should put his money where his mouth is”. Another Russian state-owned news agency, RIA Novosti, also alleged that the Windsors had historic ties to the Nazis. RIA Novosti said Prince Christop of Hesse — Prince Philip’s brother-in-law and Charles’ uncle — was a “senior SS officer in the Third Reich” and accused Edward VIII of being a “personal friend of Hitler”. Putin personally intervened, sending a direct message to the Prince of Wales. He said: “Give my words to Prince Charles. “He has been to our country more than once, if he made such a comparison, it is unacceptable and I am sure he understands that as a man of manners. DON'T MISS:Princess Olga Romanov's blunt take on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry [QUOTES]Prince George’s rumoured new school [REVEALED]Prince William's friends didn't approve of Kate: ‘Social divide' [EXPERT] “I met him personally, as well as other members of the Royal Family. This is not what monarchs do. “But over the past few years we have seen so much, nothing surprises me any longer.” Clarence House sought to defuse the row surrounding Prince Charles, as a spokeswoman said: “The Prince of Wales would not seek to make a political statement during a private conversation.” Despite the Russian outrage, Charles received support from those back home. Alec Shelbrooke, Conservative MP and member of the Monarchist Society, said Moscow’s reaction was “outrageous”. He said: “I think it is an absolute insult of the highest order to be throwing around accusations about our Royal Family. “Charles has rightly pointed out that Putin is acting exactly like Hitler did in the Sudetenland. I think he’s spot on. “A pattern is emerging here — whenever anybody stands up to Putin, he turns around and calls them fascists. It’s a bit rich.” Both terms ‘Nazi’ and ‘fascist’ are considered the most derogatory of all in Russia, since they evoke memories of the enormous Soviet losses suffered in World War 2. They are often used to categorise opponents, similar to branding someone a communist in the West. This week, Ukraine's ambassador to the United Nations compared the Russian leader to Hitler during an emergency UN session as members of the Security Council gathered to discuss latest developments. Reacting to Putin ordering Russia's nuclear weapons forces to be placed on high alert, ambassador Sergiy Kyslytsya said: “What a madness. If [Putin] wants to kill himself, he doesn’t need to use [a] nuclear arsenal. “He has to do what the guy in Berlin did in a bunker in May 1945”, referring to Hitler committing suicide as allied forces closed in on Berlin at the end of World War 2. Meanwhile, EU leaders met in Brussels on Tuesday to debate the unfolding crisis in Ukraine on the sixth day of conflict between it and Russia. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, appearing via a videolink, urged the bloc to “prove that you are with us” in a passionate address.