The Reform UK part leader is heading a campaign for a referendum on the Government’s plans for hitting carbon net zero by 2050. Its commitments have been made not just in speeches – such as in those at COP26 – but have been written and signed into international treaties, such as the post-Brexit EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement. But campaigners argue Britain should be more comfortable with making use of its own resources rather than being scared away from doing so by climate targets. Mr Tice argued in a post on Twitter this country has a great deal of resources it could be putting to good use. He was responding to Bob Ward, Policy and Communications Director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at LSE, who told the Reform leader to “imagine how much more gas we would need to import now if we did not have wind farms”. To this, Mr Tice said: “We should not be importing any gas as we have 50 years+ of our own shale and North Sea gas owned by us all. “Wind is massively subsidised by taxpayers, totalling 25 percent of all our electricity bills – £12billion per annum.” He added: “US gas prices are way below all our prices as [they are] self reliant, using… shale gas.” One Twitter user suggested the 50 year+ figure appeared “dodgy”. Mr Tice suggested numerous reports, including some by the British Geological Survey, actually backed his statement up. But, he added, this could in fact be an understatement. READ MORE: Richard Tice answers YOUR burning questions HERE He wrote: “[The true figure is] maybe even more. “We won’t truly know until [we] properly test the shale. “Exciting, isn’t it…” Another user responded that Britain should instead move even further towards reliance on wind energy. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Here again, Mr Tice was not convinced, asking: “What happens when wind doesn’t blow? Candles?” He added that renewable subsidies is akin to ministers “taking money from poor and giving it to rich, often foreign wind farm investors”. Net imports of gas increased las year as production at home fell. Gas exports were also down 40 percent on the year before. The main source of imports was Norway, as it has been in years gone by. Mr Tice will hope to replicate the result of a climate change referendum held in Switzerland last year. Voters rejected their Government’s plans for a car fuel levy and a tax on air tickets in a 51-49 percent split – not too dissimilar from split in Britain’s 2016 Brexit referendum.