The rules of the Highway Code were updated in January amid initially chaotic scenes, as cyclists rode three abreast in the middle of the road and motorists admitted they were confused as to what the new rules entailed. However cyclists have now reported they are pleased with how drivers are behaving six weeks later. Users of cyclists’ forum Road.cc were asked if they had seen increased aggression from drivers since the changes came in. But surprisingly the majority said that they had seen more considerate behaviour on the roads. ‘Rendel Harris’ said: "In my experience (50 km+ per day in London) there has been a definite improvement in driver behaviour in terms of close passing. “As an estimate I would say around 30 per cent more are really thinking about their passing distance and waiting longer for passing opportunities.” READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered They added: "I haven't noticed any increase in aggression, either. “The only real downside is that not every driver thinks about what is in the oncoming lane, several times I've had to move over and hug the gutter because a driver is making a textbook move-into-the-other-lane pass on a cyclist but hasn't checked carefully enough what's coming. "There are some of life's little ironies that can be relished, but being taken out by a driver who was actually trying to do their best for cyclists would not be one of them…" Another user agreed, saying even as a pedestrian they had noted positive changes. DON'T MISSAndy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [SHOCKING]Drivers could save £40 per month on petrol and diesel - 'brake less' [WARNING] ‘Mdavidford’ said: "As a pedestrian, I've had a number of occasions where a driver has waited patiently for me to cross a side road, where previously daring to set foot on the road would have been met with at least an angry stare and possibly a blast on the horn as they brushed past my nose. “It was quite disconcerting the first couple of times." ‘Hirsute’ added: “More drivers are waiting and not overtaking and overtakes are also better. “The alleged rear-ending at junctions has not materialised." The main change to the Highway Code was the introduction of a ‘hierarchy of road users’ that placed pedestrians and cyclists at the top. There were also changes to the amount of space cyclists should be given when a car passes and right of way at junctions for pedestrians. Cyclists were also given right of way over traffic when going straight on at a junction. However not all the feedback on the cycling forum was positive. ‘Hoarseman’ said: "The cautious majority have become even more careful, but the reckless idiots seem to be emboldened to drive closer and faster than before. "In the last month, I've had two drivers angrily beep at me for absolutely no reason other than I was on the road ahead of them. One then swerved to side-swipe me whilst holding down the horn." And ‘PorkyPT’ said: "Last week a bloke in a pick-up drove past me at a slow-ish rate observing the 1.5m rule (and maybe a bit more), while at the same time shouting through the lowered passenger window: 'that alright mate?!' in what sounded like a sarcastic manner. “He didn't wait for a response. Make of that what you will."