William was caught on camera joking about photographers battling it out a bit for pictures during the couple's visit to Mayan ruins at Caracol in Belize. With snappers in front and behind as the Duke and Duchess took in the view from the top of a ruin, William can be heard joking: "One side's getting cross with the other side. You're in each other's photos." William and Kate were touring the ancient site, taking in Caana, or sky palace, which is the tallest man-made structure in Belize. The duke visited Belize as a teenager in 2000 when he reportedly learned jungle survival skills with Welsh Guards who were receiving training from the British Army Training Support Unit as part of Exercise Native Trail. William was beginning a gap year before university at the time when the then 18-year-old duke learned his A level results. The current tour started in controversial circumstances with opposition from villagers in Belize who raised a range of issues, including objections to the Cambridges' helicopter landing site. It forced a royal trip to a farm on Sunday to be scrapped.     It was replaced with a visit to a chocolate producer before the royals travelled to the cultural centre of the Garifuna community in Hopkins. The tour faces further protests with Jamaican campaigners accusing the Queen and her predecessors of perpetuating slavery. A coalition of Jamaican politicians, business leaders, doctors and musicians have called in an open letter for the British monarchy to pay slavery reparations. Part of the letter states: "We note with great concern your visit to our country Jamaica, during a period when we are still in the throes of a global pandemic and bracing for the full impact of another global crisis associated with the Russian/Ukraine war."  READ MORE ABOUT THE UK HEADING FOR A 'DISASTER BEYOND IMAGINATION'   "We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, has perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind." It is believed the group will stage a protest outside the British High Commission in Kingston on Tuesday with the royals due to arrive that day in Jamaica where they will stay until Thursday when they depart for the Bahamas. William and Kate's last engagement on Monday saw the couple attend a reception hosted by the Governor General of Belize at the Maya ruins at Cahal Pech, near San Ignacio. The special reception was held in celebration of the Queen's Platinum.   DON'T MISS: Queen fights ‘haunting image’ to attend Phillip’s memorial [REVEALED] Putin humiliated as hardman Chechen special forces go home [LATEST] Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' [REPORT]