Holding was originally a book by the 58-year-old BBC host, published in 2019. ITV bosses soon picked it up, bringing the story to life from the pages to the small screen. While Norton hasn't been an executive producer on Holding, he hasn't been afraid to share his views on the show either. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Holding.Holding is set in the fictional village of Duneen in West Cork, Ireland, which has remained a quiet town for many years. Sergeant PJ Collins (played by Conleth Hill) has been used to dealing with neighbours' squabbling and minor crimes for years. This all changes though when the remains of a body are found and the town looks to him for reassurance and answers. With help from his new boss DI Linus Dunne (Clinton Liberty), PJ is tasked with tracking down the town's mystery killer. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales While speaking to press, including Express.co.uk, co-writer Karen Cogan said that a lot of how the show was filmed came from Norton's book. She said: "I think a huge amount is Graham [Norton], that sort of warmth and not being afraid of the dark, it felt like it was there in the book, in the tone. "We talked a lot about the tone and hitting the right one but I think Graham had done a huge amount of the work for us." Norton then went on to explain a critique he had given to the show's creators during the process. "In terms of the Irishness, I think that's the only note I've ever given you guys", Norton said. "Whenever I felt it was too Irish, when the Irishness was overt on the page, I was going, 'No. You've got Irish actors, you're filming in West Cork. It's Irish enough! We get it.'" Holding has been airing every Monday night since March 14 on ITV. But the story of the murder in Duneen is nearing its end with the finale in sight. DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield weighs in on Will Smith's slapping Chris Rock  [CAST]Holding: How is the ITV drama different from Graham Norton's book? [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street's Sarah Platt star speaks out on leaving ITV soap [EXIT] Holding season one is made up of four episodes in total with the penultimate instalment airing on Monday, March 28. This means the last episode will come out the following week on Monday, April 4, on ITV. If you're not keen on waiting this long to watch the entire series then Holding is also available on the streaming service ITV Hub. With the mystery yet to be solved, PJ is feeling the pressure from the rest of the town who are demanding answers. The synopsis for season one, episode three reads: "A month has passed and with no new leads the case has fallen dormant. "As the village tries to put the events behind it, PJ is left harbouring doubts about what happened." But are PJ and Linus going to be able to crack the case of Duneen after all? Holding season 1 concludes on Monday, April 4, at 9pm on ITV.