Ella Purnell starred as high school student and soccer captain Jackie in the new drama Yellowjackets, which drew a huge cult following the debut of its first season last year. After leaving Showtime and Sky viewers with several burning questions in the finale, the series regular spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about when fans can expect to get their hands on the next instalment. The Yellowjackets star confirmed the next slot of episodes will begin filming later this year. Showtime’s thrilling new drama was renewed for a second season in December last year shortly after the first episodes took a growing fanbase by storm. English actress Ella stars as just one of a group of high school girls who are stranded in the Canadian wilderness in the 1990s after their soccer trip is cut short by a devastating train crash. In present day, screen legends such as Juliette Lewis and Christina Ricci portray their older counterparts when their past comes back to haunt them. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? Currently starring in the animated spin-off Star Trek: Prodigy, Ella was able to share a quick update. “Season two shoots this year,” she confirmed when asked about the highly-anticipated follow-up. It didn’t take long for Showtime to realise they had a major hit on their hands, though it was unclear how soon the series would return to production. Co-creator Ashley Lyle previously told ET they hoped to start filming soon, but an official date has yet to be announced. Thankfully, Ella has now confirmed shooting is getting underway this year, potentially with an aim to premiere in early 2023. Knowing what happens to Jackie in season one, could her update mean Ella will be coming back to the series in some way? Of course, the actress wouldn’t let any details slip, as she warned: “No spoilers!” Yellowjacket’s audience ratings grew steadily over the weeks following the gripping series premiere, with the twists and turns of each episode becoming huge talking points on social media. DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Lauren Lyle thanks fans for support after Fergus scenes [COMMENT]NCIS LA season 13: Callen’s undercover mission ‘blown’ [VIDEO]Bridgerton season 2: Simone Ashley recalls co-star ‘passed out’ [INSIGHT] However, Ella and the cast never expected the series to blow up in the way it did. “We didn’t think it would do very well at all, let alone just well,” she admitted. “There’s no way you can ever predict that kind of thing. It did really well. It felt very organic and very word of mouth. “Obviously social media had a large amount to do with it as well. Word of mouth is now just Twitter, that’s what I mean by word of mouth. “But it did feel like a very organic, slow blow-up rather than just a TikTok sensation or something. None of us predicted it, we were all very tired and stressed and confused.” While their older selves investigate a chilling conspiracy in the modern day, Ella and the rest of the younger cast are still struggling to survive in a vast and sinister woodland. Now Jackie’s potentially precognitive classmate Lottie (played by Courtney Eaton) is developing a cult following of her own, season two is building up to be just as dark, cryptic and thrilling as the first. Yellowjackets season 1 is available to stream on Showtime in the USA and Sky Go and NOW in the UK.