Paul Rudd, 52, was voted the 'Sexiest Man Alive' last year by PEOPLE, replacing Michael B. Jordan. Fellow Hollywood star Thomas Lennon, 51, recalled his "long make out" session with Paul in 2009's I Love You, Man exclusively to Express.co.uk. I Love You, Man follows Paul's character Peter as a friendless man looking for a best man for his wedding. His mother set him up for a meal with Thomas Lennon's character Doug, which ended with him getting the wrong idea. Thomas recalled to Express.co.uk: "There is a hilarious moment when I was in I Love You, Man with Paul Rudd. "It ends with me kissing Paul for a long time on the mouth. READ MORE: Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks "We actually filmed that scene in a restaurant in Los Angeles called Jar which is not too far from where I live in Los Angeles. "My wife took the dog for a walk to come and see us." He continued: "We were filming on the street and I hadn’t told her about the kissing scene with Paul. "I don’t know why I didn’t mention it. "Now I look back on it, it must have been weird that I didn’t mention something I should have just mentioned. "So my wife came up the street walking the dog and I was in front of Jaw restaurant just making out with Paul Rudd for a long time! "I do remember that was funny and she had some questions later on. He is the sexiest man alive so it's okay!" Paul spoke to PEOPLE in November when he found out he was the sexiest man alive. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT] Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES] BBC Radio 2's Jo Whiley issues apology for 'emotional breakdown' [COMMENT] He said: "I'm going to own this. I'm not going to try to be like 'Oh, I'm so modest.' "I'm getting business cards made. But all of my friends will destroy me and I expect them to. "And that's why they're my friends." Thomas is currently promoting the new series of Reno 911! where he plays Lieutenant Jim Dangle. The show is a parody of US law enforcement shows, with comical actors playing the police officers. Speaking about the series, Thomas said: "I think with the show we’ve gotten to a place where we just don’t have to operate in a place of fear anymore. "Like the new Roku channel episodes, some people might get shocked by things but because we have sort of constantly grown the show, we don’t ask for feedback. "I think we take on things that no other show has accomplished or even other comedy shows." The latest series features Jamie Lee Curtis, who texted Thomas to ask to be on the show. Season two, titled “Reno 911! Defunded”, will debut with eleven 30-min episodes, featuring special guests including Jamie Lee Curtis, Weird Al Yankovic and George Lopez. With crime on the rise, the original cast members, Thomas Lennon, Robert Ben Garant and Kerri Kenny-Silver, will be back solving felonies on your screens. You can watch the series on The Roku Channel.