Denise van Outen, 47, was pursued by Friends actor Matthew Perry in the late 1990s, at the same time she was dating Jamiroquai lead singer, Jay Kay. The blonde beauty revealed all in her explosive new autobiography, A Bit Of Me: From Basildon To Broadway And Back. Denise explained that after her relationship with Jay began in 1998, she caught the attention of Matthew after he saw her on the television. Having taken a shine to her, Matthew got Denise’s phone number from her agent and left her a very upfront voicemail, which she accidentally played in front of Jay. According to Denise, Matthew gushed: “I think you’re gorgeous, and I’d love to take you out on a date.” Although Matthew’s advances did not progress into a romance, Denise was quite flattered by the proposition and admitted it came in handy during her relationship with Jay. READ MORE:'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star She wrote: “Knowing I was being chased by a prominent American TV star was bound to keep my new rock star boyfriend on his toes.” Denise and Jay dated until 2001 and were even planning to marry before they split. At the time, Denise was focusing on her acting career and landed a role in Chicago in the West End. Following the breakdown of her relationship, The Big Breakfast host said at the time: “When I'm in a relationship I tend to put the needs of the other person before my own," as reported by The Mirror. She also insisted that they remained good friends, and that their split was due to their struggle to balance their romance with work commitments. “Jay and I are still really good friends and people are speculating so much about why we broke up," said Denise. "The reason was work-related but we're still both happy and still speaking to each other." The separation coincided with the release of Jamiroquai’s single, Little L, which some believed was about Denise. DON'T MISS'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation[LATEST]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness[INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma[NEWS] Lyrics include: “There you were freaking out, trying to get your head around the fact that me and you and love is dead. "We're finished now because you can't decide what you really want from me. "Why does it have to be like this? I can never tell. You make me love you, love you baby with a little L." However, following speculation, a representative for Jay denied that the song was about Denise because it had been written while they were still together. The statement said, according to MailOnline: “It's a song about the ups and downs of a relationship, so you can read into that what you will. “I think he is probably aware of how some people might interpret it. “It's not about the break-up. It's about a day in the life of a relationship which is falling apart.” Denise's book, A Bit Of Me: From Basildon To Broadway And Back, is out now.