Debates are raging in Britain and across much of the West over such matters as the introduction of gender-neutral toilets. Now it appears pub-goers may have to begin accustoming ourselves to general-neutral meals too. As fears grow at home over the rising cost of living and, in Ukraine, homes are battered by shelling, certain activists have taken to squabbling over the name of a classic pub lunch. A ploughman’s lunch is, unsurprisingly, understood to represent what a farmer would eat during his – and those using the plough would not always but typically be men – midday break. But reckoning the name did not quite fit in the modern age, a pub in Devon decided to rename the dish. And so the ploughman’s became – the ‘ploughperson’s’. The move met with fury on social media as people took to Twitter to slam the new name. Twitter user Racing BDG wrote: “The snowflake generation strikes again! People need to grow a pair! Wait, I can’t say that…” Tom wrote: “It’s like Groundhog Day: every day I wake up to find it’s April 1! Stop this nonsense.” CB added: “As a woman, I can categorically say I've never been offended by the term ploughman's and this is absolute world-gone-mad nonsense.” ‘Guy Fawkes’ suggested a possible solution, writing: “Avoid businesses like this. There are people, who don't share our traditional values, READ MORE: Putin admits West’s attempt to isolate Russia ‘partially effective’ “Attempting to change our country around us and using the manipulation of the media to trick us into thinking it's what everyone else wants.” Dicky Harrison, the innkeeper of the pub in question – The Tors Inn in Belstone, Dartmoor, Devon – suggested the matter had got a little out of hand. He told the SWOC news agency the name had actually been changed two years ago “as a bit of fun” and was surprised it later caused a “Twitter storm”. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Mr Harrison said: "It was just meant to be tongue in cheek and didn’t expect such a reaction. "However we do also live in an active farming community and we re-named the plate in a nod to the amazing ladies who work the land here. "In reality – women plough too. We’re not trying to make a statement, just having a bit of fun.”