Fans were devastated when Netflix announced the fifth season would be the final instalment of the highly acclaimed historical series The Last Kingdom. Despite the show coming to an end, it looks as though it could make a comeback.  The Last Kingdom was the onscreen adaptation of Bernard Cornwell's novel series The Saxon Stories, with the final season based on his books Warriors of the Storm and The Flame Bearer. The series told the tale of the feuds between Saxons and Danes in 9th and 10th century England, with Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) on a mission to reclaim his throne. After tons of gripping battles and war, Uhtred was able to do just that and by season five he was a fully-fledged leader. Although his story seemingly reached an end, The Last Kingdom's official Twitter posted a photo of Father Benedict (Patrick Robinson) with a cryptic caption. READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? It read: "Time to pray we get more [The Last Kingdom] content." Fans who had finished the show and were still reeling from the finale took the post as a sign and begged for another instalment. @Davidbakerjr12 responded by saying: "Please pretty please more seasons!! I beg you." While the final season was based on Cornwell's ninth and tenth book, the author proceeded to write three more novels which continued Uhtred's story.  Executive producer Nigel Marchant opened up on the decision to end the TV show after five seasons despite three additional novels. Merchant stated: "Fairly early on when we spoke to Netflix about the fifth season, obviously season four had done really well and we were really pleased it was in the top 10. "In terms of season five, we felt these two central strands of the story were coming together and it was the natural point to finish the TV series. "Over the five seasons there was a very definite beginning, middle and end, so it was a group decision that we came to." DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly red-faced as Mr Motivator demands apology [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom's Uthred star addresses 'uncomfortable' part of role [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom: Will Osbert fight for Northumbria in Netflix film? [INSIGHT] Speaking on the additional books, War of the Wolf, Swords of Kings and War Lord, Merchant admitted: "However, we did know there were a few more books (not to spoil anything!) following on from where we get to at the end of season five." Thankfully for fans, they will get to see those final three novels adapted for screens as the sequel film Seven Kings Must Die was announced. Merchant continued: "So we did start to talk to Netflix fairly early about whether we could tell that end piece of the jigsaw so that it would feel complete. "And it was felt that the movie version was the right format to do that."  However, fans have been advised not to expect the sequel to be anything like a potential sixth season as it would be more of an epilogue to complete the storyline. While there is no confirmed release date yet, filming is currently underway as confirmed by Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon's Instagram account. As a result, it's safe to predict Seven Kings Must Die will likely land on screen in early 2023. The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix.  