Experts have warned climbing obesity rates could fuel the diabetes crisis in years to come, making diet a key player in tackling the disease. In the initial stages, high blood sugar levels can be difficult to spot. As the condition progresses, however, symptoms are bound to manifest. Yellow deposits beneath the skin could be a warning sign that blood sugar is out of control. Diabetes occurs when the hormone insulin is unable to move glucose out of the blood and into cells. This process is critical for the conversion of blood sugar into energy, but without insulin, glucose remains in the blood. Untreated high blood sugar levels have a cumulative effect on the body, which becomes deadlier over time. Fortunately, however, many of the warning signs of high blood sugar are concentrated in the skin, making them visible to the eye. READ MORE: Diabetes: Do you experience polyphagia? The warning sign that strikes throughout the day High blood sugar is usually detected with an AC1 test, which indicates your average sugar levels of the previous months. In the initial stages, symptoms include vomiting, excessive hunger and thirst, rapid heartbeat and vision problems. As the condition advances, however, symptoms may include Xanthelasma. Xanthelasma is widely associated with high cholesterol, which is characterised by abnormally high levels of lipids in the blood. But there is evidence that the condition can also reflect high blood sugar levels in the blood. The skin condition refers to clearly demarcated growth of yellowish deposits under the epidermis, which are neither harmful nor painful. The growths can, however, be disfiguring. According to WebMD: “[Xanthelasma] happens when your body collects extra cholesterol around your eyes. “You might notice flat or slightly raised yellowish growths on or around the eyes. “The deposits aren’t harmful or painful, but they could signal uncontrolled diabetes, high cholesterol or other health problems.” Blood sugar control is the backbone of diabetes treatment, but it is equally important for individuals without the condition. Dietary management coupled with regular exercise offers strong chances of reducing high blood sugar levels. Numerous studies have suggested that healthy eating could help keep weight in check and stave off glucose intolerance. But eating meals at regular times may be equally important to regulate blood sugar. In fact, some studies have shown that men at risk of diabetes could benefit from eating all their meals within a restricted nine-hour time frame.