Manchester United hero Gary Neville has been dressed down by his former England team-mate, Danny Mills, after directing a social media rant towards a host of Red Devils stars who were spotted out and about after a poor run of results. The issue has divided opinion on how high-profile footballers should conduct themselves when form is not going their way. United's Champions League hopes were crushed last time out when Atletico Madrid claimed a surprise 1-0 victory at Old Trafford which was enough to see them through to the quarter-finals. Ralf Rangnick has overseen a troubling recent run of results with just one win in their last five games. Those struggles have been left to fester over a two-week international break, and the Red Devils enjoyed an extra few days off as they were not involved in last weekend's action. Days after being dumped out by Atleti, Marcus Rashford was among those spotted enjoying themselves as he took a trip to watch boxing in Dubai having missed out on the England squad. Neville was quick to criticise United's 'tone deaf' contingent on social media in the days following. "I remember a time when United players, managers, executives wouldn't be seen in their local Italian after a draw at home let alone getting knocked out of Europe," he vented. JUST IN: Premier League 'block' Victor Moses transfer deal after Russian invasion of Ukraine The hard line taken by Neville, who won 12 Premier League titles while at Old Trafford, raised more than a few eyebrows. Former Manchester City, Leeds United and England defender Mills was one of those to provide an opposing view. "There’s a huge difference between going to a nightclub at a VIP table with bottles of champagne and sparklers where it looks like you are celebrating than going out for a meal with family or friends or going to a sporting event," he told Football Insider. "What are you supposed to do? You need some time to decompress, some time to clear your head. Why shouldn’t you go out for a meal? DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt "I’ve got two sportsmen as sons and if they have a bad day am I going to say 'Go to your room, you’re not coming out to dinner with us tonight'? It’s a bit childish. Does Gary Neville say to his kids after they’ve had a bad day at school 'Go to your room, you’re not having any dinner'? "You say 'Ok, it hasn’t worked. Let’s do what we normally do and talk about it tomorrow'. It doesn’t mean you don’t care and it hasn’t affected you. It’s a cheap shot from Gary Neville. Those players all went out and got hammered. It just wasn’t on social media and there weren’t loads of pictures being taken."  England hero Gary Lineker was also critical of Neville's stance, claiming that he had never changed his plans after a disappointing result. Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher did, however, jump to his former foe's defence in an entertaining Twitter exchange. With United players facing backlash for their actions on and off the pitch, all eyes will be on their performance level next time they turn out. Once international duties are done and dusted, Rangnick and co will welcome Leicester City to Old Trafford for the start of an enticing three-game run which could see their top-four bid revived. 