WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Bridgerton season two. Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) was on the hunt for a wife but he was not bothered about finding someone he could love. Instead, he simply wanted someone who could give him children and look pretty beside him. He set his sights on Diamond of the Season, Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran), but he had the obstacle of charming her sister Kate (Simone Ashley). Kate knew the fate of the Sharma family rested on a good match as they need money but she also wanted Edwina’s husband to respect and love her. Unfortunately, it was never meant to be for Edwina and Anthony as he ended up falling for Kate, who was also in love with the Viscount. Much of the second season focussed on Anthony trying to secure Edwina as a wife as he charmed the youngest Sharma sister. However, Kate disapproved of the match and initially did not trust Anthony. But over time, she began to fall for the Viscount’s charm and the chemistry between them boiled over. It seemed almost everyone around them - with the exception of Edwina - could see they were a suitable match. But both insisted they could not be together and Anthony went ahead with his engagement to Edwina, until the youngest Sharma sister realised how he really felt. READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? She called off their wedding and raged over her sister Kate’s betrayal, feeling like a fool. It wasn’t until Kate fell off her horse in a tragic accident that Antony could admit his true feelings. In the final instalment, the youngsters gave in to their feelings and they were married. However, fans of the Netflix series have shared their disappointment at not being able to see how Kate and Anthony deal with married life. Many were frustrated a whole episode so late in the season was dedicated to Edwina and her wedding, which never went ahead. Taking to Reddit to vent their frustration, user DoubleEdd5075 posted: “This season was supposed to be about Kate and Anthony, and I feel we got a bit robbed. The actors were fantastic and sold the tension and feelings. However, we didn't really hear them interact with each other. “They didn't have a genuine conversation other than bickering before they fell for each other.” They added: “The failed wedding was so long we didn't get a actual Kathoney wedding.” Others agreed as user Cat_Biscuit penned: “I just made another comment about this in the episode thread, but “The Choice” (episode 6) was a prime example of a waste of screen time. DON'T MISS....Bridgerton fans 'disappointed' over lack of racy scenes in season 2 [REACTION]How did Edmund Bridgerton die? [EXPLAINER]'Quite isolating' Bridgerton's Jonathan Bailey shares filming struggle [INSIGHT] “We really needed a whole episode devoted primarily to Edwina deciding if she would marry Anthony? It really took away from time that should have been spent on Kate and Anthony. Focusing SO much attention and time on her made Kanthony feel like an after thought. “And spending SO much time on her anger and resentment and disappointment and feelings of betrayal and etc etc etc, made Kate and Anthony finally coming together very bittersweet.” Ermer87 posted of the wedding episode: “That episode dragged and there were so many scenes that just didn't feel needed and I spent the whole time waiting to see Kate and Anthony deal with everything going on. The side plots took away from that.” AlaerysTargaryen continued: “The writers forgot that Bridgerton was successful because it finally adapted a romance novel with all its tropes and that's what we wanted. “The lack of romance and bonding conversations between the leads was disheartening. As you say there were more emotional bonding moments between family members than Kathony's. “And that was a big mistake when you're adapting a love story of a man and a woman who forswore love out of fear and a misguided sense of familial duty.” Bisou13 shared: “They did not make Edwina love Anthony, nooooo. I just started, they should’ve stuck with the book version. Everyone but Kate and Anthony knowing they were meant to be together was the best part of the book! Damn.” Bridgerton season 2 is available to stream on Netflix now.