Manifest first premiered on NBC with it finding a second life on the streaming platform Netflix. With season three of the show wrapping in June of last year, fans were left wanting more, and Netflix heard their prayers and decided to pick up the show for one final instalment. However, viewers may have to wait some time to determine when the supernatural thriller will land on their screens. The show follows a commercial airliner full of passengers who suddenly disappear and reappear five years later. Life had moved on, but they hadn't, and they now have to somehow slot back into society, but where did they go? Viewers already know that the new season is currently filming, but new information suggests that the next season will be delivered in multiple parts. Fans will have to wait to find out how many episodes will fall into each part. Read More: Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow’s new love interest unveiled as newcomer joins? As reported by TV Line, the show is: "Due to be delivered in multiple parts (of a quantity and frequency TBD), the supernatural drama's farewell flight is on track to take off late this year." The news of the fourth outing was released last year at 8.28 a.m. on 8/28/2021 [America date system], which is linked to the mysterious vanishing Flight 828 that the series focuses on. Season three ended dramatically with storylines such as Angela Meye (Played by Holly Taylor) being brainwashed by a cult of doomsday preppers and Grace Stone (Athena Karkanis) being killed, and her son kidnapped. With many unanswered questions, creator Jeff Rake has also teased that the concluding chapter will also not be for the faint-hearted.  He recently tweeted an image of a coffin on set with the cast around and simply said: "Brace yourselves." The post received over 400 hundred comments full of excitement and theories over whose funeral it was. With Grace already dying at the end of the third cycle, many fans believe it to be her funeral, while others theorise that it is another prominent character. Manifest's official Instagram account has not posted since February 14 this year. DON’T MISS… Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show 'Should've done earlier' [LATEST]Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST]Moon Knight's Oscar Isaac details why he couldn't refuse Marvel role  [LATEST] They shared an image of cast members Melissa Roxburgh and Matt Long with their 346,000 followers and said: "Valentine's Day treat from us to you. Check out this behind-the-scenes pic from the new season of Manifest, coming to Netflix!" Onlookers can expect the final 20 episodes to be packed full of suspense, drama and hopefully answers. What fans will be happy to hear is that series regulars Josh Dallas, Melissa Roxburgh, and JR Ramirez will all be returning. Matt Long will be back reprising his role as Zeke Landon despite initial schedule conflict concerns.  It isn't just fans who want to know when the show is coming back; author Stephen King has also shared his interest in the show. In February, he tweeted: "Two questions (and a codicil) about MANIFEST: One. When does it come back? Two. How many times will a character say "Trust me"? Two-A. How many times will a character say, 'It's complicated?'" Creator Jeff replied: "Thank you for your inquiry, @StephenKing. Re: #Onee, I'm hearing November. [2022] Re: #Two and #Three, if you're proposing a drinking game, I'm in. #Manifest #Netflix." (sic) Manifest season 4 is to be released in late 2022 