 ITV soap fans will see Mandy Dingle (played by Lisa Riley) uncover an enormous secret on Emmerdale. Her adopted son Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) recently married Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) in an intimate ceremony. The young couple have so far kept their wedding a secret from their families, but the truth is soon set to come out. How will Mandy react when she discovers Vinny got married without her there?    In upcoming scenes on the soap, Mandy will come across a mysterious envelope addressed to “Mr & Mrs V Dingle”. Mandy's shocked to discover the envelope contains Liv and Vinny’s marriage certificate and comes to the devastating realisation that her adopted son has kept his marriage a secret from her. Later on, when Vinny arrives, Mandy confronts him over the certificate and demands an explanation. Heartbroken by his deceit, Mandy tells Vinny she sees his secret wedding as a betrayal of their relationship. Will Mandy ever be able to forgive Vinny for his actions? READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant?    Lisa Riley, who plays Mandy in the soap, recently spoke out about her character’s future in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press. The actress opened up about Mandy’s relationship with Vinny and hinted his lies could have a devastating impact. Detailing how her character will react to uncovering the truth, Lisa said: “Mandy is broken to the core. “I mean, there's deception of what we've gone through over the past year with the lies, the addiction, Paul’s death, but this is deception from Vinny.    “She now really can't forgive him. She can't and we play it out and we have these amazing scenes,” the soap star revealed. Lisa said fans can expect to see some intense scenes between Vinny and Mandy as his lies are unveiled. Explaining how the pair will interact, she confessed: “It’s just heartbreaking. "It is Mandy and Vinny at their best when they play the ultimate comedy and then they'll tear you apart because she can't believe it,” she said. DON'T MISS...EastEnders horror as Gray Atkins’ final victim sealed? [SPOILERS]‘Younger generation wouldn’t fight for country’ blasts GB News host [MUST SEE]EastEnders’ Keegan Baker goes on the run after killing Gray? [THEORY]   Lisa revealed Mandy will have a hard time coming to terms with the truth as she’s shocked by how her adopted son could keep such an enormous secret from her. She noted: “You know, as a Dingle, she's been lied to, she's been cheated, she's been a doormat to everyone. “The one person she never ever for one second believed would deceive her would be Vinny and he's done the worst. "He's done the worst and it's truly, truly heartbreaking,” the actress added.    As Mandy struggles to forgive Vinny for his deception, she may decide to no longer be a part of his life. Devastated by the web of lies, Mandy may choose to leave her life with Vinny in the past and move away from the village. Could Mandy’s heartbreak push her to leave Emmerdale for good? Viewers will have to tune in to find out her fate. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV. 