James Jordan, 43, has faced backlash after sharing on Twitter a joke about International Women’s Day. The quip, which was posted in view of the Strictly Come Dancing dancer’s 307,000 followers, was branded “idiotic”. James uploaded a picture that showed a woman putting eyeshadow on, with the caption written over it: “Today is International Women’s Day. “It was supposed to be yesterday but they all took longer than expected to get ready.” James added in the tweet: “The old ones are the best.” However, the controversial image got mixed reactions from other social media users. AndrewOldSod wrote: “Unnecessary! It a day to help, not perpetuate idiotic beliefs.” (sic) James replied: “Bore off.” CFernandes1983 laughed: “Ha ha Love it!!!! This is exactly me!!!!” Jackthezakman added: “The older you get , it takes less time! Xxx” RobocapFriend typed: “You think. Not funny at all.” James was recently at the centre of a controversial social media row after he called out his Strictly Come Dancing co-stars for not speaking out about Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The outspoken television personality butted heads with Strictly head judge Shirley Ballas, 61, over his views. He had hit out on Twitter at some of his Russian colleagues for not highlighting the devastation of the war but continuing to “promote themselves” instead. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen [LATEST]Eddie Boxshall pens emotional post to ex-fiancee Denise Van Outen [UPDATE]'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan stands by Meghan Markle row [INSIGHT] James wrote: “I don’t see many of the Russian dancers I know and have even shared the Strictly dance floor with them openly speaking out about the war against Ukraine. “But are still promoting themselves on social media - very disappointed. “They know who they are - not one post about it.” (sic) In a separate tweet, James added: “If they are too scared to speak out against wrong then stay the f*** off social media for a while and stop with the self-promotion during this horrific time. “Have some respect. Or... maybe they are not speaking out because they are brainwashed too.” Shirley responded: “Dear James, not sure who you follow and who follows you. “Many dancers I know have retweeted in support of Ukraine and have felt shame at their own government. “Lots of help for their fellow dancers Lots have spoken out and retweeted.” (sic)