The Last Kingdom season five is on Netflix now and it marked the end of the road for the Anglo-Saxon TV series. While Uhtred's (played by Alexander Dreymon) story will continue in a follow-up film, many other characters' storylines came to an end. His former love interest, Aethelflaed (Millie Brady), tragically died in his arms. The Last Kingdom season five is set at least 10 years after the Winchester siege in season four. The previous season saw Uhtred and Aethelflaed realise their true feelings for one another. They were unable to hide their relationship for long, and sadly it could not last. As Aethelflaed felt it was her duty to take on the role of Lady of Mercia, she vowed to remain chaste. Although she and Uhtred stayed friends, their love for one another had to end. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: What happened to Uhtred's third son? At the start of the final season, Aethelflaed was hiding the fact she was ill from her family. She appeared weak and would only confide in Eadith (Stefanie Martini), now a healer, about her condition. Aethelflaed was seen showing Eadith a growth under her arm, near her breast. Although her condition was not mentioned out loud, it appears she had breast cancer. Sadly it was at too late a stage for Eadith to find a cure. Over the course of the episodes, Aethelflaed grew weaker and her family remained in denial. She had begged Eadith not to tell Uhtred, but the news eventually reached him and he was heartbroken. He travelled back to visit Aethelflaed and they took a walk around the grounds together. However, unable to maintain her strength any longer, she died in Uhtred's arms. Moments before her tragic death, the pair shared one last kiss. DON'T MISS... Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Finan's wife? [EXPLAINER] Why is The Last Kingdom ending after season 5? Boss speaks out [INSIGHT] The real-life Aethelflaed of Mercia died from an illness in 918, but no exact cause was known. The first mention of cancer of any kind was a case of breast cancer documented in Egypt around 1600 BC But in the series, Eadith said she had only seen conditions as bad as Aethelflaed's on those who were already dead. The Lady of Mercia had explained how the growth had continued to get bigger over time. Aethelflaed's mother Aelswith (Eliza Butterworth) blamed Eadith for being incompetent. She felt her daughter had been cursed or punished as her death was untimely and she was unable to accept the fact she would outlive her child. Aethelflaed actress Brady paid tribute to her co-stars on Instagram ahead of her character's death. She said: "Ain’t no better bunch than this lovely bunch. @thelastkingdom final season is out today. "I love these people with all my heart and it’s been the greatest gift being in this show. #destinyisall."  The Last Kingdom season 5 is on Netflix now. The follow-up film titled Seven Kings Must Die is in the making.