Let us accept that the Moscow/Kyiv relationship is not as simple as some make out. For centuries Ukraine was part of Russia and only acquired independence about 25 years ago. The result is a country to some extent divided by language - Ukrainian in the West and Russian in the East. But that is no excuse for Vladimir Putin’s invasion - and still less the savagery of the onslaught, even though civil wars, as Putin may see it, are notorious for their brutality. Yet if all you hear as a rank and file Russian is the overriding need to protect your country from the belligerent West and to remove the fascist threat from Kyiv, then no wonder Putin can stage a rally reminiscent of Nuremberg. It is already clear that a lot of Russians are no longer duped and an anti-war front is there in the making. But so far Putin probably has the majority behind him. The question is how long that can last, given that even the most fearsome dictatorship cannot entirely seal itself off from modern communications. This suggests to me, as an ex-No 10 press secretary, that the West needs to step up its information war - what some would describe as a propaganda war, though propaganda in this situation could be counter-productive. Give the Russians the facts. First, the West does not covet an inch of Russian territory. NATO is entirely a defence organisation that would carry no threat to a peaceful Russia, even if Ukraine were a member, which it isn’t and is unlikely to become one. As Margaret Thatcher told Mikhail Gorbachev in 1984: “If you Russians want Communism, you are entitled to have it secure within your own borders”. Nothing has changed in the last 40 years. Whatever the Russian/Ukrainian history and the language divide in Ukraine, the fact is that Ukraine chose to be independent. Yet that independence has been bitten away with the annexation of the Crimea and in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. It is also clear that the now independent nations on Russia’s Western border (and members of NATO) fear they may be next in line for attack. What therefore the West is trying to do in supporting the Ukraine is not just to uphold its sovereignty but to demonstrate that any wider incursion would meet the all-out resistance of the West. We are seeking - as the UK did in the Falklands - to uphold the right of individual countries to retain their chosen democratic way of life and governance. The issue is now how to secure peace in Ukraine and a rebuilding of its society and wrecked cities. What the West seeks urgently are realistic talks that end the carnage. To repeat: the West did not start this conflict. It now wants to see an honourable and sustainable end to it. This brings us to the sort of future facing the ordinary Russian as a result of the invasion. So long as Putin and his ilk remain in charge Russia will be a pariah state cut off from normal relations and commerce. That in turn will impoverish the average Russian. It may well be that, for their own reasons, China, North Korea, Iran, the more backward of Middle East nations and, to their eternal shame, India and Pakistan, are more or less behind Russia. But the fact is that by far the majority of the world’s nations have condemned the invasion. There is only one way out of this mess resulting from Putin’s miscalculations.