Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) has been trying to persuade her mum Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) to see a doctor for weeks to no avail. The EastEnders stalwart and her mum have battled mental health problems their entire lives but Stacey believed the only way to get through to Jean this time was to stop her from seeing her grandchildren. However, a new theory foreshadows a heartbreaking twist for the mum-of-three. In Tuesday’s EastEnders Jean became enraged with her daughter for not letting her spend time alone with her grandchildren. Jean said to Stacey: “I think you need to apologise. I’m not you I am a good mother and grandmother and I do not need to see a doctor.” “Well mum you do,” Stacey hit back before referencing Jean’s idea to inflate a bouncy castle in the square. “I think yesterday proved that.” “My gift made people laugh and smile,” Jean reasoned and Stacey remarked: “Mum, they were laughing at you not with you.” Read more: EastEnders recasts pivotal character in the middle of storyline “I know why you’re really doing this,” Jean quipped. “You’re jealous. I’ve got a lovely life and I wonderful man and apart from your beautiful kids what have you got? Absolutely nothing. “I always knew you would amount to nothing. You honestly think that it’s me that will mess up your kids. “They don’t know whether they’re coming or going. They don’t know who to call dad or mum from one week to the next. “You think it’s okay to lie to them continually, that’s where the damage is coming from.” Later, Jean persuaded Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) to leave her alone with the Slater children. The grandmother wasted no time in taking Arthur Fowler (Rocco Brenner) out for dinner before bringing him to the site of his father Kush Kazemi’s (Davood Ghadami) death. Stacey and Martin had agreed to keep Gray Atkins’ (Toby-Alexander Smith) involvement in Kush’s murder a secret from their son. However, Jean betrayed their trust and told her grandson exactly what had happened to his dad. Stacey erupted at her mum but Jean didn’t seem to care. “Is it any wonder the way I am with a mother like you?” Stacey swiped before her mum hit back: “Don’t blame me for your failings Stacey. DON'T MISSEastEnders twist as Chelsea Fox 'given heartbreaking health diagnosis' [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Stacey heartbreak as Harvey urges Jean to leave? [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow’s new love interest unveiled? [INSIGHT] “You could have had it all if you weren’t such a self-centred b***h.” “My mum, my amazing mum who would do anything for anyone wouldn’t dream of being so cruel if she was well,” the mum-of-three remarked. Stacey tried to make her mum realise she needed help but instead Jean announced she would be moving out. The Slater grandmother decided to join a bemused Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) at his apartment. EastEnders fans will know Jean hasn’t been acting her usual self in recent weeks and Stacey has been concerned for sometime. Jean and Stacey’s bond is one of the strongest in the square but the grandmother may continue to punish her daughter rather than seek a doctor’s help. Stacey has been lying to her probation officer and claiming to be in a loving marriage with Eve Unwin (Heather Pearce) but viewers will know this relationship is a sham to keep Even on the straight and narrow. If Jean informed her daughter’s probation officer of the true nature of this marriage, Stacey would be in serious trouble and could be punished for breaking her parole conditions. Will Jean have her daughter sent back to prison or even worse suggest Stacey isn’t a fit mother leading to social services taking her children away? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.