Arsenal have launched a 'charm offensive' to entice Benfica frontman Darwin Nunez to join the club this summer, reports in Portugal claim. The development comes in light of Express Sport's report on Tuesday detailing that initial background conversations had been held between the Gunners and the Uruguayan's reps. Mikel Arteta and Edu are preparing for a big summer in which a new No 9 will be top of the agenda as they bid to close the gap on the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea. The club are actively seeking to find a replacement for former captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, while Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah could also be off due to their expiring contracts. It means Arsenal will need to be busy when it comes to recruiting forwards and it's clear plans are already beginning to take shape. Express Sport understands Nunez, Victor Osimhen and Armando Broja are also set to be considered alongside previous targets Alexander Isak, Jonathan David and Dominic Calvert-Lewin. READ MORE: Arsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held Dusan Vlahovic was top of Arsenal's wish-list but the Serbian eventually chose to join Juventus from Fiorentina in January. Now reports in Portugal from Record are also detailing Arsenal's interest in Benfica's Nunez, who is high in demand. The 22-year-old has 20 goals in 22 Primeira Liga outings for Benfica so far this season and is quickly emerging as one of the finest young strikers in Europe. Arsenal are seemingly aware of that and are reportedly trying to entice the player's reps by talking up a move to north London. DON'T MISSPaulo Dybala has already made feelings clear on Arsenal move with free transfer availableArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldAntonio Conte can finally land dream Tottenham signing after Barcelona 'bid for Raphinha' The idea is to try and beat the race for Nunez with several other clubs expected to enter the running. That includes both Newcastle and West Ham, who have already made a play for the prolific goalscorer, who is valued at around £67million by his club. West Ham bid as high as £47m in January but their offer was rebuffed. David Moyes' side do have plenty of cash to spend and could return to the table at the end of the season. Meanwhile, Newcastle are set to try and sign a new marquee name in attack. Chris Wood simply has not got going since joining from Burnley in January and Newcastle will need more firepower if they're to kick on into the top half. However, Arsenal could have the upper hand on both clubs if they secure Champions League football for next season. The Gunners are currently fourth and Nunez wants to play in Europe's elite club competition after heading Benfica into the quarter-finals against Ajax in the last 16.