The Duke of York was front and centre of the high-profile occasion at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. Andrew escorted the 95-year-old old monarch and had a front row seat. Royal commentator Dan Wootton claimed the Queen was sending a "very clear message" with her second son's appearance. The GB News presenter tweeted: "The Queen (God bless her) does things her way. Always. "Today be in no doubt that she sent a very clear message: Prince Andrew remains my favourite son and I back him all the way. "An utterly fascinating insight into her loyalty and faith. And how great was it to see her again. "But you can understand the abject horror of the courtiers and indeed some members of her family at what will be widely considered to be awful PR following Andrew's settlement with Virginia Giuffre." It comes after Andrew paid millions out of court earlier this month to settle a civil sexual assault case. Although the royal and his accuser Virginia Giuffre settled the lawsuit, the agreement is not an admission of guilt from the Duke and he has always strenuously denied the allegations against him. Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt said Andrew's appearance at the event was the Queen's way of showing that he still has a role to play at family occasions. Mr Hunt said: "It didn't happen by chance. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward put on brave face at Philip event "He could have sat in the congregation with others, with his relatives, but they actively decided that he would have this role of supporting her. "So she has chosen, in essence, to remind people that he hasn't admitted any wrongdoing, he's not guilty of anything, he's innocent. "And she's very clearly stating that he has a role at family occasions." Mr Hunt raised the question of whether Prince Charles or Prince William would have been supportive of Andrew having a key role at the service. DON'T MISSKate and Wills’s show of support for Queen on emotional day [INSIGHT]Prince Philip memorial LIVE: 'Sour' BBC blasted for Philip coverage [LIVE BLOG]Royal Family LIVE: William 'snubs' Harry ahead of Philip memorial [UPDATES] He said: "It's one thing to accept that he should attend his father's memorial service, it's quite another thing to then give him quite a prominent role, so it was an active choice to give him such a prominent role." Mr Hunt said he found it "fascinating", adding: "Did William and Charles try to intervene? And clearly if they did then they failed." He continued: "I think you have to start from the basis that Charles and William will have been in the driving seat with the Queen of removing Andrew from public life. "Both of them will have been very aware of the risks of Andrew having this role, so either they decided that they could justify it on the basis that it was an event for his father, or they did try to suggest this wasn't a good idea and the Queen chose not to listen to them." Mr Hunt said he expects Andrew will have been "very keen" to escort his mother, adding: "It would be for others to dissuade him." However, royal expert Joe Little said Andrew's role of escorting the Queen may have been a matter of "practicality" as much as anything else. The managing editor of Majesty Magazine said: "It's hard to interpret how it came about. "I'm not sure that the Queen would necessarily regard it in that way." He said it might have just been "a practicality as much as anything" and a plan that "fitted the purposes of the occasion". Mr Little added: "I mean, clearly with him by her side, then the support is there physically and in every other way, really." He noted Andrew has not been found guilty of anything, adding: "It's a complicated situation on a very personal level for the Queen as his mother." Royal historian Hugo Vickers said Andrew's role at the service was "entirely correct and appropriate", describing it as a "nice gesture". He said the Queen "needs an arm" and asked: "Who better than her son?" Mr Vickers said if she took the arm of an official it would look "rather sad". 