Electric car conversions have taken off in recent years as car enthusiasts look to continue the legacy of their piece of history. A growing number of UK startups and specialists are taking classic cars and replacing their traditional powertrains with battery packs and electric motors. New research has found that by converting their EV, drivers could see its value increase by more than 2,000 percent or a staggering £100,000. Despite having the joint-cheapest standard cost at £5,000, the MG MGB Roadster has the highest value change of more than 2,000 percent, which is the equivalent of 20 times more than the original. RBW, the bespoke EV builders behind the battery-powered MGB, value it at £108,000. Other less valuable classics, such as the Nissan Bluebird and Rover Mini, also witness a staggering increase in value when converted to an EV. READ MORE: Car tax changes will make working ‘pointless’ Despite standard pricing averaging £5,000 and £10,000, respectively, models converted to electric are showing jumps in value of 700 percent. However, Vanarama’s findings have also revealed that higher EV prices don’t necessarily indicate a higher value increase. An electric version of the Aston Martin DB6 costs £732,000, but has a smaller value increase on the original of only 129 percent. That’s explained by the DB6 already being a highly sought-after classic, especially in standard form, with non-electric prices averaging £320,000 – making it the most expensive car analysed in Vanarama’s research. DON'T MISSNumber plate changes hit the UK this week [INSIGHT]Petrol prices smash all-time highs as drivers queue [SHOCKING]Boris Johnson slams 'thoughtless' car tax proposals during PMQs [COMMENT] Jon Peck, Customer Liaison at Electric Classic Cars, the world’s largest converter of classic to electric, spoke about the industry. He said: “Although there’s scope for making profit, for most customers we speak to it’s a labour of love. “With some examples, such as a 1970s Porsche 911 or Mercedes-Benz SL 190, the cost of conversion can come close to or even exceed the value of a standard model in good condition. “An ongoing SL 190 project we have is currently looking like £180,000 all in. “But that’s irrelevant for most of our clients, as they’d never even entertain the idea of selling their prized cars. “They just want to enjoy it in a more sustainable way, without the time-consuming maintenance of a decades-old vehicle.” Many may also be concerned about potential issues with handling and performance with a classic car after the conversion. When it is converted, the electric battery adds a large weight to the car. Despite this, Jon Peck says the procedure can have the opposite effect in some instances. He added: “We often find that our conversions leave the workshop lighter than they arrived, making for improved use of power and handling. “We also keep a close eye on weight distribution, and through the careful placing of batteries and motors we can get closer to 50:50 than the manufacturer managed. “Especially with the sports cars we work on, maintaining an engaging drive is crucial.”