On Saturday, Japanese prime minister Fumio Kishida welcomed the US ambassador to Hiroshima. The Japanese city of Hiroshima was the site of the first-ever use of a nuclear weapon in open warfare when an atomic bomb was dropped by the US in 1945. And, the Japanese prime minister took US envoy Rahm Emanuel to Hiroshima's peace memorial and museum on Saturday.  The Japanese prime minister said: "When the possible use of nuclear weapons by Russia is increasingly real, I believe ambassador Emanuel's visit to Hiroshima and his experience of seeing the nuclear reality will become a strong message to the international society,"Speaking to the public broadcaster NHK, Mr Kishida added: "I believe our visit was meaningful." He said Russia's war in Ukraine shows the difficulties of creating a world without nuclear weapons. The Russian president warned in late February that if he encountered any offensive actions from other nations then those states would receive "such consequences that you have never encountered in your history". Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday that Moscow would use nuclear weapons only to counter "an existential threat for our country". READ MORE: Putin's Achilles' heel exposed as Russian despot facing REVOLT   Senior Russian politician Dmitry Medvedev on Saturday said that the Kremlin's nuclear doctrine does not require an enemy state to use nuclear weapons first. The comments from Mr Medvedev prompted Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelensky to warn that Moscow was a direct threat to the world. Speaking by video link at Qatar’s Doha Forum Mr Zelensky said: “Russia is deliberating bragging they can destroy with nuclear weapons, not only a certain country but the entire planet." Russia has approximately 6,000 nuclear warheads. DON'T MISS 'Evil monster is capable of anything' - chilling warning about Putin [INSIGHT] Ukraine MP laughs off Russian hit squad threat 'An honour!' [ANALYSIS] 'Butcher of Mariupol' demands own soldiers' EARS cut off [INSIGHT]   The nation has the largest stockpile of nuclear weapons in the world.In his televised interview Mr Medvedev said: “We have a special document on nuclear deterrence. "This document clearly indicates the grounds on which the Russian Federation is entitled to use nuclear weapons. "There are a few of them, let me remind them to you: number one is the situation when Russia is struck by a nuclear missile. "The second case is any use of other nuclear weapons against Russia or its allies. “The third is an attack on a critical infrastructure that will have paralysed our nuclear deterrent forces. "And the fourth case is when an act of aggression is committed against Russia and its allies, which jeopardised the existence of the country itself, even without the use of nuclear weapons, that is, with the use of conventional weapons." 