F1 has made a range of new changes to ensure fairer races ahead of the 2022 season but is yet to release a full report into what happened on the closing laps of last season. Brundle has warned the sport “needs to move on” and stressed the FIA should still not be dealing with the ramifications days before the new season. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “Unfortunately we were in the middle of a transient phase with the FIA, who control the sporting element of Formula 1 and the policing and refereeing. We had Jean Todt moving out of President and Bin Sulayem coming in. "In the middle of all of that, we just lost time. We needed to have closed this down in January with a full public report as to what happened. "And much more importantly for me, how it can’t happen again, that we can confuse and upset fans. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton must make one change to beat Max Verstappen “We can have such a controversial end to a World Championship or indeed just a Grand Prix. You can't unravel as I said at the time, there’s no remedy for what happened that night, the results stand.“But we do need to move on and we shouldn’t be knocking on the eve of the new season before we’re addressing that.”Max Verstappen won the Championship after a controversial safety car restart saw the Dutchman behind Lewis Hamilton on fresh tyres. It took just half a lap for the Red Bull driver to pass Hamilton and clinch the race win and titleIn the aftermath, the FIA agreed it would conduct a “detailed analysis” of the incident as a “clarification exercise”. This was presented to the teams but the FIA chose to not disclose the findings to the general public. DON'T MISSSergio Perez fires ambitious warning to Red Bull team-mate Verstappen [INSIGHT]Mercedes ‘have not been able to control’ Red Bull [COMMENT]F1 chief promises 'nose to tail' racing in 2022 [ANALYSIS] Days later the FIA announced a sweep of changes including the sacking of Race Director Michael Masi. Lewis Hamilton said he hoped the report did get released to help him “move forwards” from the situation.He said: “I think hopefully everyone will get to see it, and to have perhaps a better understanding of everything. And I think ultimately, like everything, it's down to understanding where we've been, so we can move forwards and in a positive light."