Christian Horner and his Red Bull colleagues are preparing for the Saudi Arabia Grand Prix this weekend. His team suffered disappointment last week, with both drivers failing to finish the race. Horner also warned Mercedes will find their pace once again, after Lewis Hamilton and George Russell struggled to match the Ferraris. He said: "Of course a team like Mercedes – with the strength and depth that they have – will bounce back very, very quickly if they are on the back foot.” Horner has enjoyed great success since becoming Red Bull Team Principal back in 2005, and he has been helped by former racing driver Helmut Marko, who is an adviser to the team. However, Horner once revealed that he met Marko in bizarre circumstances. Speaking on the High Performance podcast in June last year, he said: “When I first started this team, I needed to buy a trailer. “And it turned out that this Austrian fella was selling a trailer, so I went to Graz, saw this trailer, met Helmut – I didn’t have a clue who he was, he seemed like a pretty straightforward kind of guy – agreed a price, and he said he’d deliver it in a weeks’ time but it had to be money upfront. “So I went home and I borrowed the money from the bank. My father was away at the time, and I sent all the money I could conjure up to pay for this trailer. "My father came back from wherever he’d been and I said ‘I’ve bought a trailer’ and he said ‘great, where is it?’ I said ‘well it’s in Austria’. “‘Okay, well when are you going to pay for it?’ I said ‘well I’ve already paid for it.’ [He said] ‘so you’ve bought a trailer from some bloke in Austria you’ve just met?… Are you stupid?’ and suddenly I then thought oh my God, but he seemed like a straight guy. “The trailer, sure enough, it arrived, but that was my first interaction with Helmut." They then stayed in touch, with Vitantonio Liuzzi, Marko’s driver, driving for Horner’s team soon afterwards. Eventually, Marko recommended him to Red Bull founder Dietrich Mateschitz, who took a chance on him. Horner added: “Dietrich has always been tremendously good at giving youth an opportunity. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Alex Albon narrowly avoid scary Saudi GP crash “You’ve seen it with the junior programme, across the football academies and all the sports that they’re in. “He was prepared to take a risk. I was 31 years of age and they gave me the keys and said ‘get on with it.'” Horner has developed a tense rivalry with Mercedes and its Team Principal Toto Wolff. Last season, the pair came to blows on numerous occasions, with the rivalry culminating in Max Verstappen's controversial championship win. Vice-chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Formula 1, Lord Peter Hain, told Express.co.uk recently that the feud has been damaging for the sport. He said: "I used to have a lot of respect for Christian, who is obviously a top F1 leader. DON'T MISS Max Verstappen makes Kardashians reference in dig at Drive to Survive [INSIGHT] Max Verstappen sticks to his guns in brutal Red Bull assessment [ANALYSIS] Hamilton handed Verstappen blow as Red Bull ‘make several changes' [INSIGHT] "But I thought he was totally out of order at Silverstone and he never repeated that, I think he probably realised. "I think he would have gained more respect if he apologised, but he never did. We don't want to see anything like that ever again. "I think that damaged him and Red Bull, and it didn't do Formula 1 any good either. "Competitive tension and rivalry is the meat and drink of Formula 1."