Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Astrology experts have predicted what’s in store for Libra – the seventh sign in the zodiac – when it comes to love. Today, March 2, astrologists have urged Libra to get in touch with their creative side. Horoscope.com said: “Today’s aspects indicate that you may have been intending to inscribe some deep and meaningful piece of poetry for your beloved, something that would perhaps bring a little tear to their eye. “But sadly, as far as subtlety and refinement go, you were last in the queue when it was handed out.” As for the rest of the week, the experts said Libras are “on a quest for people who can take you to the next level of your romantic goals”. READ MORE: Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ Horoscope.com continued: “Midweek reveals a focused Mercury-Saturn meetup that emphasises your goals and encourages you to broadcast them to the masses. “Posting on social media about the kind of person you’re looking for will help potential matchmakers do their job better. “The end of the week brings a motivational Venus-Mars conjunction in clever Aquarius that works to your advantage in a lot of different ways. “If physical satisfaction is your objective, Libra, you shouldn’t have any problem finding someone to accommodate you.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [TIPS]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them [COMMENT] March is the ideal month for Libras to think about “what you’d like to accomplish in your love life in the future”. But the astrologists warned: “Don’t put too much pressure on yourself to do so. “The feelings that come up during this regenerative aspect can be eye opening and life changing but also a bit emotionally intimidating.” So, what are Libras like generally? An air sign, Libra is intelligent, kind, and always willing to put others before themselves, according to Horsocope.com. The astrology experts said: “As the master of compromise and diplomacy, Libra is adept at seeing all points of view, and excels at crafting compromises and effecting mediation between others. “This sign has a rich inner life yet loves other people, and they’re always happiest with a large group of friends, family, and co-workers on whom they can count.” When it comes to love, a Libra “falls hard” but also “recognises there’s room for more than one grand love in his or her life”. Horoscope.com said: “The Scales are pragmatic about love, realising that different relationships often have different seasons. “Librans can sometimes be accused of being too pragmatic, and they’ve been known to call off a relationship pre-emptively if they feel it may not work due to distance, age difference, or another external conflict.” Incredibly attracted to intelligence, Libras are most compatible with Geminis. This is perhaps because people who belong to the twins sign are also clever, and extremely sociable, like Libras. As well as Gemini, Libra is attracted to Leo, Aquarius, and Sagittarius. All these signs are adventurous, similarly to Libra.