Caleb Castille joined the main cast of the popular CBS spin-off for season 12, having made recurring appearances as Devin Roundtree throughout NCIS: Los Angeles’ 11th outing. Having proved himself as a crucial member of the NCIS team, his confidence could be shaken when he experiences a violent encounter with the LA police in the next episode. Roundtree appears to be racially profiled in the preview for the next episode of NCIS: LA, Perception. The official synopsis reads: “Roundtree and his younger sister are pulled over by police and treated harshly in a clear case of racial profiling. “Also, NCIS investigates the death of a Navy photographer who was assigned to document the building of a new weapons station.” The short yet brutal clip has given NCIS fans a tense snapshot of what’s to come when the series returns on Sunday, April 10. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Fatima Namazi (Medalion Rahimi) informs the team: “LAPD pulled over Roundtree.” The promo cuts to a white police officer forcing both Roundtree and his sister out of the car. The Special Agent clearly complies with the orders, as he exits the vehicle with his hands in the air. However, his efforts to cooperate go unsuccessful as his sister is apprehended by another officer. Fellow agent Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) says: “Unless Roundtree murdered somebody, there’s no explanation for this.” The incident intensifies even further when Roundtree is pepper-sprayed and shoved against his car’s bonnet. Racial profiling by police in the United States and other parts of the world puts those from ethnic minority backgrounds in danger. As an agent of the NCIS, it’s highly unlikely Roundtree will have committed a crime to warrant being pulled over by the LAPD. DON'T MISS:Power Book 4 fans ‘distraught’ as major character killed off [REACTION]Gordon Ramsay: Contestant ‘nearly injured’ in daring challenge [INSIGHT]The Gilded Age star shares fears for George Russell [INTERVIEW] NCIS and its spin-offs have frequently tackled similarly tough subject matter in the past, and Perception is building up to be one of the show’s hardest-hitting instalments yet. In fact, fans of the LA-based spin-off are already reacting with shock to the short preview of what’s to come in two weeks. Kate Garrow exclaimed: “ROUNDTREE!!!! He would never murder someone; he is a federal agent. “Unless it was necessary to keep his cover. The next two weeks need to hurry up, I can’t be kept in suspense.” The operative was initially introduced as an undercover FBI agent who leaves the Bureau when he discovers many of his colleagues are corrupt, so he could be going back into deep cover again. However, this scenario is incredibly unlikely as LAPD officers should be aware of federal agents to avoid pulling them over as suspects. Roundtree appears to be in very real danger from a case of police profiling, and it seems like it will be up to the team to step in and ensure this incident doesn’t happen again. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sunday, April 10 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.