Juventus forward Paulo Dybala has previously snubbed interest from England, with Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur reported suitors in recent years. However, his stance could change this summer after Juventus announced they wouldn't be renewing his contract. The Old Lady have refused to meet Dybala's hefty demands and, after signing Dusan Vlahovic in January, are willing to let him leave on a free transfer in July. On Monday, club CEO Maurizio Arrivabene confirmed Vlahovic's arrival was a primary reason for the decision. He said: "The most important change is that Juventus have not renewed Paulo Dybala's contract. With the market I reiterated this, the approach was sincere. With the purchases made in January, with the arrival of [Dusan] Vlahovic, Paulo's position was no longer at the centre of the project. That's why this kind of decision was preferred." Dybala joins a stellar pool of players set to be available for free during the summer transfer window, including Chelsea's Antonio Rudiger, United's Paul Pogba and Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe. And the 29-year-old will likely once again be heavily linked with a Premier League switch. JUST IN: Barcelona boss Xavi 'green lights' move for Leeds star Raphinha In 2019, United agreed a swap deal with Juventus - seeing Romelu Lukaku head in the other direction - for Dybala's services. However, the Argentine rejected a transfer because he wanted to stay in Turin and work under Maurizio Sarri. Tottenham shook hands with the Serie A giants on a £64million deal to sign Dybala during the same summer window. But once again, personal terms were too high a hurdle, and he ultimately stayed in Italy, where he has spent the last 10 years of his career at Palmero and Juventus. And in 2020, reports linking Dybala with United and Spurs reemerged after he was pushed out of the limelight again by Cristiano Ronaldo. But his agent, Jorge Antun, firmly shut down suggestions he was interested in a move to either club. READ MORE: Jamie Carragher weighs in on Gary Neville's scathing Man Utd attack "I have read the rumours in the newspapers through the last few days, and they're completely false," Antun explained. "Paulo Dybala is a Juventus player and is happy to be one. We'll work with the club to renew the contract with our usual attitude as always." But now Dybala will be on the market for certain, a long-speculated move to Old Trafford or the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium could come to fruition. United, in particular, will be looking to sign a striker ahead of the 2022/23 campaign, with Edinson Cavani's contract also expiring this year. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.