British pensioners could get financial support through Pension Credit, which is paid by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) to people who are of state pension age and on lower incomes. Experts have estimated that the average Pension Credit claimant could get £3,000 of support each year. There are two elements to Pension Credit, which are known as Guarantee Credit and Savings Credit. Guarantee Credit provides the greatest amount of support. People who get Guarantee Credit could see their weekly income topped up to: READ MORE: Couple loses £77,000 in ‘devastating’ scam - Lloyds Bank issues warning Savings Credit pays out a lower amount to people who have more income but still need some support. It can only be claimed by those who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. Savings Credit recipients could get up to: DON'T MISSPOLL: Are you more or less likely to vote for Boris after Sunak's Spring Statement? VOTE [POLL]National Insurance: The exact age you can stop paying National Insurance [INSIGHT]New savings account offering 'highly competitive interest rate' launches this week [SAVINGS] People who have other responsibilities and costs may be able to get more Pension Credit. For example, those with a severe disability could be entitled to an extra £67.30 a week. Pension Credit claimants who are responsible for caring for another adult may get an additional £37.70. Pensioners who are responsible for a child or young person could get £65.10 in additional Pension Credit for the first child they care for, and an extra £54.60 for any further children. It may also be possible for Pension Credit claimants to get extra amounts to help with their housing costs. In addition to the weekly income boost Pension Credit can provide, recipients may also become automatically eligible for various other benefits. Pension Credit claimants may be able to get: Britons can apply for Pension Credit online through the Government website. They will have their income assessed when applying to calculate whether they are eligible and how much they could get. It is also possible to apply by phone on 0800 99 1234 or by sending a completed claim form by post to the Pension Service. Couples must apply for Pension Credit together.