It's unusual for the James Bond legend to post a personal shot featuring himself with his family, but he made an exception after announcing his son's 21st birthday. Taking to Instagram yesterday to share the image with his 1.7 million followers, Pierce Brosnan interrupted his busy social media stream of movie promotions and art gallery footage to display a more personal moment. "Happy 21st birthday dear Paris," he wished his son on the app. "May the year ahead be all you could wish for!" He signed off affectionately: "All our love Mamma and Papa." A grinning Paris was pictured with his mother's arm around him, while the entire family enjoyed their celebratory moment, with drinks scattered around their table. READ NOW: Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks The post received over 83,000 likes in less than 24 hours - more than double the amount of support that some of his recent posts have attracted - and well-wishers flocked to the post to urge young Paris to enjoy his special day. One Instagrammer pointed out that he shared the date with stars such as Harry Belefonte and Justin Bieber. Meanwhile others admiringly commented that he'd grown into a "handsome young man". "Great photo! Can’t believe he’s already 21! Happy birthday Paris!" @available.light.photography praised. @pet_r_ad added: "Super lovely photo thanks for sharing. Proud parents for a nice young Man." Meanwhile @veromastey addressed Pierce to add: "Happy Birthday to your handsome Paris. Its very touching how much of a family man you are regardless of what you do which can make anyone's head bigger than their hat. God bless. (sic)" Paris rarely posts on social media and remained silent over his birthday, but did upload photos of himself attending the GQ Awards in previous months for his 213,000 followers. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT] Holly Willoughby sparks concern over Stacey Solomon's absence [LATEST] James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [DEBATE]  Though not all his fans know it, the Die Another Day star is in fact father to five children. They include Sean, the product of his first marriage with fellow acting star Cassandra Harris, plus Chris and Charlotte, her children from a previous relationship whom Pierce formally adopted following the marriage. Heartbreakingly, his love affair with Cassandra failed to last after they were torn apart by tragedy - she died from ovarian cancer 11 years after they tied the knot, in 1991. Sean, 38, went on to follow in his father's footsteps, directing and acting in a variety of films including Acts Of Violence, Don Peyote, Face of C and The Kid. Tragically, Charlotte met the same fate as her mother after also passing away of ovarian cancer in 2013, aged 42. Adopted son Christopher has joined Pierce as an assistant director on Bond movies including Goldeneye, Tomorrow Never Dies and The World Is Not Enough. Younger kids Dylan - and of course Paris - are the product of Pierce's marriage with Keely Shaye Smith. Both have tried their hand at modelling. Paris, the youngest member of the Brosnan family, is also carving out a career as a philanthropist and filmmaker. Pre-pandemic, he documented a trip he'd taken to Sri Lanka, featuring the work the UN World Food Programme was doing to raise awareness of childhood hunger. "Being a father is a huge responsibility," Pierce told Closer of life with his brood, "but it’s a satisfying one."