Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp will be hoping to delve into the transfer market this summer to bolster his squad. The Reds’ transfer policy has seen them opt for quality over quantity in recent times, with Ibrahima Konate and Luis Diaz the only two players moving to Anfield during the last two windows. Klopp could face an anxious summer on Merseyside as Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane will be entering the final year of their contracts at the club. The duo are yet to put pen-to-paper on new deals and Klopp will surely have one eye on the future when the window opens. But the German could be forced to sell players to raise funds for new faces. And Express Sport takes a look at four stars Klopp could offload to get his hands on the cash needed for a spending spree. Roberto Firmino Roberto Firmino’s stock at Anfield has fallen in recent years and he is no longer a guaranteed starter. The Brazil international has enjoyed a stellar career on Merseyside since joining from Hoffenheim in 2015 and will enjoy iconic status long after he leaves. But the 30-year-old has started just eight Premier League matches this campaign amid the rise of Diogo Jota and has only scored four top-flight goals. Firmino, like his attacking team-mates, is also out of contract in 2023 and Klopp could acquiesce to selling the star. MUST READ: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected   Joe Gomez Joe Gomez was once a rock at the back for Liverpool and was Virgil van Dijk’s preferred centre-back partner for much of the Reds’ 2019/20 Premier League-winning campaign. But he was struck by injury in November 2020 during an England training camp and was forced to sit out the majority of last season. And he hasn’t looked like the same player since he returned. Aston Villa were linked with the 24-year-old during the January transfer window – and Klopp could decide to send the player packing. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s Liverpool career has never really hit the heights he would have been hoping for when he turned his back on Arsenal to sign for the club in 2017. The midfielder has suffered his fair share of injury problems and is a squad player these days, although he has managed to rack up 132 appearances for the Reds. DON'T MISSFour managers Chelsea could turn to if Tuchel leaves after Abramovich crisis Arsenal can't afford to make Dusan Vlahovic mistake with Mikel Arteta targetLiverpool's XI next season if Mohamed Salah leaves and Reds sign £67m replacement     The 28-year-old is another player whose current deal comes to an end in 2023, so Klopp could try to cash in on him while he still has the chance. Naby Keita Naby Keita temporarily became Liverpool’s record signing after the Reds shelled out £48million to prise him away from RB Leipzig in 2017. But the midfielder has struggled to consistently hold down a regular starting spot and often has to settle for a place on the bench. The 27-year-old has less than 18 months remaining on his contract and could be allowed to leave in the summer to help Klopp get some cash for his transfer chest. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 