Our House will premiere on Monday, March 7, at 9pm on ITV, starring Line of Duty actor Martin Compston and Whitechapel star Rupert Penry Jones. Already fans are intrigued by the plot and are excited to see how it plays out but was the thriller born out of a true story? Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the origins of Our House. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Our House. Our House focuses on the story of estranged married couple Fi (played by Tuppence Middleton) and Bram (Martin Compston) who still live together. However, when Fi returns to their home, another family informs her that the property has been sold to them. What makes it even more stressful is that all of Fi's belongings are gone and she cannot get hold of her husband for help. As the series goes on, Fi begins to discover a complex web of lies and secrets. READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 Our House is not a true story as it is based on the Sunday Times bestseller book of the same name by Louise Candlish. The book came out in 2019 and the following year claimed the prize for Book of the Year in the crime and thriller category at the British Book Awards. Speaking to press, including Express.co.uk, executive producer Belinda Campbell explained why she was interested in transforming the story for the small screen. "I just think the premise is so completely brilliant, clear, undeniable, topical", she said. "It just ticks so many boxes and I saw it in a book shop, took it home, read it very very quickly and knew immediately it would make a great television programme. "It's incredibly compelling and brilliantly told, the twists and turns keep coming. "I read an awful lot of books for work and very often a brilliant idea runs out of steam but this has you until the very end." While it may be a fictional story, it was inspired by an element of truth DON'T MISS...Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [CANCELLED]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene  [CAST]Coronation Street troublemaker Curtis Delamere returns in Emma exit? [THEORY] According to The Washington Post, Candlish was inspired to write Our House after reading about a case of property fraud in a newspaper. She told Criminal Element: “Properties have become overvalued, and people have become these accidental millionaires living in fairly average houses. “At the same time, a whole terrible industry of property fraud has grown up. "I really wanted to write about a crime that I hadn’t read about before in fiction.” Leading the cast will be actor Compston, best known for Line of Duty and The Nest, as husband Bram. He will be joined by actress Middleton who has been in Black Mirror, Sense8 and will be in the upcoming film Downton Abbey: A New Era. Their co-stars are Spooks' Penry Jones and Honour actress Buket Komur. Our House premieres on Monday, March 7, at 9pm on ITV.