Speaking on the BBC chat show on Wednesday evening, Denise Van Outen, 47, reflected on her break up from Eddie after seven years in a relationship with her former fiancé. Talking about the launch of her autobiography, A Bit of Me, the actress and presenter recalled having to make changes and pull the book from being published late last year in light of her split from Eddie. She explained how she'd done her "crying at home" out of the spotlight but that the process had been "hard". "You do revisit lots of painful things during the book," The One Show host Alex Jones commented. "And of course, we know that your relationship with Eddie has sadly broken down, and we are so sorry. "So, you've had to rewrite, haven't you? The end of the book." The presenter added: "Now this must have been a messy, messy process because you'd already written the book." READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role "Yeah," Denise replied. "I think it was the toughest thing for me. I mean, the book is very upbeat, because I've had a lot of incredible work experiences. "And I cover a lot of the 90s - you know, all the hedonistic days, it's all in there. "But the book was supposed to come out last November and actually just as it was about to come out I found out everything that had been going on [with Eddie]. "And I had to make a decision, and we had to pull the book - it's unheard of." The former West End star continued: "We had to get rid of it, all of the book had to be rewritten and I had to sit down and do a rewrite. "So at that particular time, can you imagine how raw it was?" Shaking her head at the question, presenter Alex replied: "No." Denise went on: "You know, to put your heart and your feelings on paper -" DON'T MISS... ITV viewers outrage as Tiger Roll farewell cut off for Tipping Point [LATEST]EastEnders exit for Zack Hudson as he betrays Sharon? [SPOILER] Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp brands co-star a ‘beast’ [VIDEO]  "And we feel that when you read that last chapter," Alex observed. "Yeah, and for it to be so public," the dancer replied. She admitted: "Listen, there are highs and lows in this career and I take them all because I have good times and bad times. "And you have to accept the good with the bad and it's just... I kind of felt like I couldn't write an autobiography without being really honest and truthful about my feelings. "And also, the fact we had shared the sofa before on television, people got to know us as a couple, it felt only fitting that I needed to sort of explain just a few things." She concluded: "So, it's been hard, but I'm in a really good place at the moment. "And I've done a lot of my crying at home, and I've got through that part of it." The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.