Back in 2019, the James Cameron produced and Robert Rodriguez directed Alita: Battle Angel hit cinemas. The $200 million sci-fi based on a cyberpunk manga made over double that at the box office and set up a sequel with Edward Norton playing Desty Nova after his brief cameo. However, since Disney bought Fox, the follow up is yet to be greenlit, so what’s the latest and what’s the plan for the villain? The white-haired genius Nova was seen at the end of the original movie watching Alita compete in Motorball via his binocular goggles. On his plans for the character, he told Digital Spy back around the release: “I tried to find somebody who had a real intelligence to them. We went through a list of people that we could find who were worth bothering to do this, because there's no dialogue or anything. It's really for the setup of, if there was a sequel. We want to put someone here who we would want in a sequel. So it's kind of tough casting to do.”We both knew Ed. neither of us had worked with Ed. But Ed's really smart. Like Jim [Cameron], he's very, very smart. I've known him for a number of years. I always thought of him as being similar – not looking so much like Jim, but similar. I can see why they were friends. I can just see them geeking out. So when you put the white hair on, it was like, 'Yeah, he kind of looks like Jim. I think that looks good'. That was pretty funny.” Given that Nova lives on Zalem/Tiphares, the great aerial city above the Scrapyard, perhaps Alita: Fallen Angel (the rumoured sequel title) would see much of the action up there. Of course, it’s all well and good speculating a sequel, but what are the chances of it actually happening? Given that Disney own the property now, is the studio interested in one, or perhaps a follow-up series on Disney+? Certainly, both Cameron and Rodriguez are keen and it sounds like they have a plan. Speaking with The Nerdy Basement last year, the director shared: “I’m trying to see what happens with [The Book of] Boba Fett. I think that’s going to knock people’s socks off so when that happens I will go in and say: ‘OK, I’ve been here for a while, let’s figure out how we can do Alita whether it’s for streaming or theatrical because it’s such a great property, people love it.’ I love it and Jim [Cameron, co-producer] loves it.” DON'T MISSHarry Potter: Daniel Radcliffe open to Cursed Child movie after all [HARRY POTTER]John Wayne shocked by Maureen O'Hara's improvised The Quiet Man line [JOHN WAYNE]George Clooney's cancelled Batman movie: Huge Scarecrow star and more [BATMAN] Rodriguez directed episodes of Star Wars spin-off The Book of Boba Fett for Disney+, although the show hasn’t had the warmest reception compared to The Mandalorian, so who knows what the studio will make of his Alita 2 pitch. Meanwhile, Cameron is busy with Avatar 2 which is set for release this Christmas. On top of that, he has three more sequels for release every two years until December 2028. Alita: Battle Angel is streaming on Disney+. SOURCE SOURCE