Con artists are sadly targeting increasing numbers of people, and it is vital to remain alert. This was the case for one man, living in Lancashire, who recently received a call from out of the blue. The caller claimed to be from a bank’s fraud investigation team, and they needed the man’s help. He was told to transfer £10,000 into one of their bank accounts, and then to withdraw an additional £8,000 from his own account. The caller then told the man they were going to send an individual over to his address to collect the money. They even described what the person would be wearing, to assist the man in supposedly verifying the individual’s identity. DON'T MISSBritons drawn into HIGHER taxes in Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth’ move [EXCLUSIVE]Barclays issues warning as man loses £3,000 forever to vicious fraud [INSIGHT]Pension Credit: DWP urged to pay out £3,000 payment ‘automatically’ [UPDATE] However, this was all part of an elaborate scam which is becoming increasingly common. Unscrupulous fraudsters are becoming even more persistent in their efforts to target unsuspecting members of the public. They are preying on the good nature and innate helpfulness of many people to directly attack them. Individuals could end up losing significant amounts of money if they do not stay alert to a fraudster’s tricks. A police spokesperson said: “The victim was willing to make the bank transfer and withdraw the cash because he thought he was helping the bank and the police. “Thankfully, he became suspicious and called the police to inform us what had gone on. No money was exchanged. “We would just ask you to be aware of this scam and check in on your elderly and vulnerable relatives and neighbours. “The bank and police will never ask for your bank details or ask you to transfer or withdraw money." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As scammers are on the prowl, Britons should always remain vigilant. They should treat their personal information, especially bank details, extremely carefully. People should also remain wary as scammers can manipulate technology to make it appear as if they are calling directly from a person’s bank. As such, if Britons are unsure, they should put the phone down and call back using the number on the back of their card. If a person feels they have fallen victim to a scam, they will need to take action. Individuals are encouraged to speak to their bank directly as soon as possible to see if a stop can be put on any payments. People can also contact Action Fraud to report the matter and potentially protect others from being targeted.