Three-time Premier League winner Paul Parker has urged his former club, Manchester United, to make room for Donny van de Beek in the first team next season. There was no space for three other loan stars who left in January, however, as the Red Devils face the prospect of streamlining their squad to compete with the divison's high-flyers. United held fire on signings in January, but they had enough numbers in reserve to dish out four players on loan. Van de Beek headed to Goodison Park, Anthony Martial joined Sevilla, Amad Diallo went north of the border with Rangers and Axel Tuanzebe signed for Napoli. There could have been one more if Jesse Lingard was granted his reported wish, but the United board supposedly vetoed his exit. A quartet of January loanees will have already sparked curiosity about which of the four will be eventually phased back into the side, and who may have played their last game in red. JUST IN: Chelsea outcast Loftus-Cheek delivers verdict on new position after FA Cup experiment Having racked up more than 100 league appearances in a five-year stint at Old Trafford, Parker gave his view exclusively to Express Sport, in conjunction with bettingexpert. "I'd look more at Van de Beek, to be perfectly honest, because him and Anthony Martial are the two most experienced players," he said. "Van de beek has got that edge because he looks like a player who wants to do well. Everytime he'd come off the bench he showed the enthusiasm, he wanted to prove a point, rather than sulk. "He's going out there [at Everton] and trying to give 100 per cent. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has decisions to make on four playersRodriguez alerts Everton boss Lampard with second hint on returnChelsea's Werner offered exit route with Blues 'ready to discuss' sale "I just think at this moment in time if United were gonna bring someone back, you bring back someone who actually wants to play there, play football, and go out and prove a point really, because I think he's been let down, maybe by the club [or] by the previous manager. "So, it'll be interesting to see what happens next season with another manager coming up, I presume, about him getting an opportunity. But I'm quite sure he's not going to put himself through what he went through before. "I mean, he himself, or his agent, will get sorted out exactly what is going to happen, how much game time, what are his opportunities going to be like and more importantly, if he does well, is he going to get regular football." While Martial is believed to be keen on a new challenge anyway, and Tuanzebe has struggled to emerge from the fringes at Old Trafford, £37million-signing Diallo may end up disappointed if he fails to bed down in Manchester. As it stands, however, Parker seemingly stands with a host of other United fans who see Van de Beek as a genuine option from the start of next season. The Dutchman has already racked up more Premier League minutes for Everton than he managed for the Red Devils all season. Manager Frank Lampard has shown faith in the 24-year-old, and it will have to be repaid if the Toffees are to avoid slipping further into relegation trouble. Paul Pogba's impending exit from United, combined with a bank of solid performances on Merseyside, could see Van de Beek landed with a starting spot in 2022/23. The Red Devils were reportedly dead against including a release clause in his loan move after all.