Tokyo authorities have reported immediate effects from the 7.3 magnitude earthquake shaking the seafloor.  The city's electric power provider announced that approximately two million households have been left without power.  They have also turned their attention to the once ill-fated nuclear plant. Toyko Electric Power is checking for "irregularities" at the Fukushima Daiichi Number one and two plants. And TEPCO, the firm responsible for operating Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, said its staff were checking for damage. So far, they have not reported any abnormal radiation readings from the site. But today's tremors will have triggered bad memories for those who lived through the 2011 disaster. READ MORE: Fukushima on red alert for 1m tsunami wave after huge earthquake The Fukushima plant was rocked by a similar earthquake in 2011 that caused one of the worst nuclear disasters of the 21st century. Following the magnitude 9 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami of March 11, the facility took on flooding over its sea wall. Three nuclear meltdowns and hydrogen explosions followed, ejecting radiation that killed one person and contaminated areas in the eastern Pacific. People living near the earthquake epicentre have revealed the severity of today's tremors. Posting on the European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre (ESMC) website, one witness said two severe earthquakes had rocked the area. The second, they said, was the strongest of the two, and seemed to go "go on for a couple minutes" in northern Tokyo. Another said they had felt the tremors "very strongly" in Kashima, on the coast to Tokyo's east. Local authorities have issued warnings for people within range of the tsunami that followed to take quick action. In a tweet, the US Embassy at Tokyo said a tsunami advisory was in effect for the Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures. Staffers advised people to stay away from water and continue to monitor the news. With the advisory, there are several steps people could follow to ensure they are safe. Official US advice provides six steps people should take if they are in an area covered by these warnings.  Ready.org states people should: