Manchester United have reportedly pinpointed Ajax boss Erik ten Hag as their preferred managerial appointment this summer. The Red Devils currently favour Ten Hag over Mauricio Pochettino and other options as their manager hunt looks set to accelerate in the coming weeks. Manchester Evening News reporter Samuel Luckhurst claims United have identified the 52-year-old Dutchman as their number one candidate to enter the dugout in July, though a final decision has not yet been made. Mauricio Pochettino remains under 'serious consideration', whilst Thomas Tuchel, Luis Enrique, Julen Lopetegui are also in the running. But Ten Hag has caught United's eye through his ability to rebuild and assemble two impressive teams before and after the sales of big players like Matthijs de Ligt and Frenkie de Jong in 2019. His potential for longevity also appeals, and Ajax would demand a low compensation fee. United plan to decide on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's permanent successor before the end of the season to ensure they're ready to start as early as possible this summer. Developments are expected during the current two-week period before the next game against Leicester City on April 2. JUST IN: Alan Shearer and six other pundits humiliated over Chelsea predictions  The Manchester Evening News' report follows an interesting tidbit from The Athletic on Thursday morning. They report that United have scouted Ajax midfielder Ryan Gravenberch and view him as a potential signing in midfield, a 'priority' position to bolster this summer. Ten Hag handed Gravenberch his debut in September 2018 and the 19-year-old has made 97 club appearances since. Ralf Rangnick, John Murtough, Darren Fletcher and other figures involved in recruitment will want to base their summer activity on the next manager's preferences. And the Ajax boss would undoubtedly want to bring Gravenberch to Old Trafford with him. READ MORE: Tuchel would be 'open' to talking with Man Utd over manager's job  Negotiations for both Ten Hag and Pochettino would likely be more straightforward after they joined United in exiting the Champions League last 16 this month. But whilst the latter is coasting towards the Ligue 1 title with PSG, Ajax face a battle to retain the Dutch Eredivisie, leading PSV Eindhoven by just two points at the league summit. PSG are expected to sack Pochettino at the end of the season due to his failures in Europe and the Argentine is said to have wanted to manage United 'for years'. The Red Devils even made a ploy to appoint him after sacking Solskjaer in November, an offer which he was open to accepting. But PSG said no, and despite the former Spurs' head coach's potential upcoming availability, Ten Hag could be United's man. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.