Claimants could get an extra £231 a week thanks to the recommended replacement, Adult Disability Payment (ADP). The recommendation comes from a report by the Scottish Commission for Social Security.  In the latest edition of its Touchbase bulletin, the DWP wrote: “ADP will then be launched nationally, across Scotland, from August, 29, 2022. “From August 29 2022 customers living in Scotland should no longer claim PIP but instead claim ADP.” It has called for a replacement to PIP which would see the amount claimants receive in the payment increased substantially. The Scottish Government confirmed that those people already receiving disability benefits through DWP will have their awards transferred to Social Security Scotland from August - without any interruptions to their award and will not have to apply for Adult Disability payment. Social Security Scotland started a phased launch of the new benefit on March 21. Residents in Dundee City, Perth and Kinross and Western Isles council areas will now be able to apply for the new benefit. ADP will replace PIP for more than 305,000 existing Scottish claimants. READ MORE: Britons on low incomes can get a cash boost worth £1,200 - are you eligible? Social Security Scotland will make decisions about entitlement for ADP using the applicant’s account of their circumstances and existing supporting information, where possible. The number of face-to-face assessments will be significantly reduced and will only be necessary when it is the only practicable way to make a decision. Claimants will no longer be asked to carry out tasks to demonstrate how their disability, long-term illness or mental health condition affects them as part of the application process. Social Security Scotland will make decisions about entitlement for ADP using the applicant’s account of their circumstances and existing supporting information, where possible. The number of face-to-face assessments will be significantly reduced and will only be necessary when it is the only practicable way to make a decision. Claimants will no longer be asked to carry out tasks to demonstrate how their disability, long-term illness or mental health condition affects them as part of the application process. Who is eligible?This benefit is for people who meet the following criteria: Social Security Scotland will provide the same rate of all forms of Disability Assistance as the current rate of the equivalent UK disability benefit (PIP) and will increase in line with inflation each year Based on current rates the weekly amounts of Adult Disability Payment are:Daily living Mobility The minister for Social Security in Scotland, Ben Macpherson, said they aim to develop a system “rooted in trust” that can “make sure people can access the support that they are entitled to”. He commented: "Social security is a human right and none of us know when we might need it. "Launching this first Adult Disability Payment pilot is a significant milestone, as we start to deliver our biggest and most complex benefit. “We are taking a positive and compassionate approach to delivering disability assistance, centred around our principles of dignity, fairness and respect.”