In the poll, which ran from 11am on Saturday, March 5 to 3pm on Sunday, March 6, Express.co.uk asked its readers: “Are you willing to pay higher gas bills to cut Russia off from the UK market?” A total of 4,344 people voted, with hundreds of comments added showing solidarity with the people of Ukraine. An overwhelming majority – 80 percent (3,480 people) – said “yes”, they’d be willing to pay more and sacrifice their own cost of living to cut off Putin. A further 19 percent (807 people) voted “no”, while one percent (57 people) they didn’t know either way. In the comments section, Express.co.uk readers said they were willing to make the sacrifice if it helped ease the suffering in Ukraine and remove the threat posed by Russia. Username Jockie1 wrote: “We bought oil for our boiler about four months ago at a good price of 42 pence a litre. It is now hitting over 90 pence a litre. “This is the sacrifice we make in solidarity with the people of Ukraine.” READ MORE: Russian losses: The REAL stats as Ukraine figures show heavy damage  And username MountErebus wrote: “If the choice is between funding Putin’s aggression or paying more for energy…I vote for the latter.” Username ChwaraeTeg didn’t mince words: “Russia should be cancelled from everything until they can show that they can be reasonable members of an international society.” Others, however, expressed concern about the already sky-high cost of living. Username ViralHog wrote: “My gas contract ends on March 10. EON already want me to pay DOUBLE the rate which I have enjoyed for the last two years.  “Food has gone up. The whole Ukraine issue will push up a lot of other commodities. It's not a question of would I pay more. More like how on earth can I?” And Workingclass12345 agreed: “It's easy for the rich and middle class to say yes what about the pensioners and people on low wages?” Others, however, were keen to point out that fracking in the UK could allow the UK to become independent with its energy supply, as a group MPs urge the Prime MInister to reverse a fracking ban which they argue would be playing into Putin’s hands. Username SanjayP wrote: “There is no need to be dependent on Russian energy. The UK only imports [four percent] of its need from Russia, unlike the EU which imports 40 percent. DON'T MISS:Do you think the UK should go to war if Putin invades NATO? [POLL]China economy in freefall as policymakers 'fake' stability [INSIGHT]'They'd blame Brexit if two planets collided!' HILARIOUS shut-down [POLL]  “The UK needs to restart fracking and use coal for the interim until new technologies progress sufficiently to replace hydro carbons and fossil fuels. Why are we hell-bent on impoverishing ourselves?” Username Daryle9052 said: “I am prepared for our Government to open up our gas/oil fields and to get fracking!” And username Virago edded: “Get fracking now. We are sitting on billions. It should be used not imported. Complete madness to leave it in the ground leaking out while we buy it in at costs well above and let vulnerable people freeze.” Almost 40 Conservative MPs have signed a letter to the Prime Minister, which claims that pressing ahead with the fracking ban would play into the hands of the Kremlin, which they say wants to “stop us following this path to energy independence”.  Cuadrilla, the energy company, is due to concrete over its two wells in Lancashire on March 15, having been ordered to do so by the Oil and Gas Authority (OGA). In their letter to Mr Johnson, sent to Downing Street on Saturday night, the MPs state: “We urge you to pause and conduct a review of this decision. “At a time of such geopolitical strife, we cannot refrain from actions that would improve the position of the UK and its allies. “We have seen how a reliance on imported gas affects the responses of other countries during the initial stages of Russian aggression.” 