Holly Willougby has shared a horrifying household fail on Instagram as she admitted her beloved dog had actually eaten her brand new Dyson vacuum cleaner. The ITV presenter posted a photo of the carnage alongside her guilty-looking pup. The mum-of-three had only just shared how excited she was to be opening up her brand new device when it arrived. Tagging Dyson, Holly laid all the parts out before assembling them, joking: “High glamour Saturday”. But hours later, it was a totally different story. She snapped a photo of her sheepish-looking Golden Retriever, Bailey. In front of him were the remnants of the pricey hoover, chewed to pieces. “Dyson update… my dog ate my hoover…” wrote Holly, alongside an awkward face emoji. Kicks Count replied: “OMG … good way to get out of hoovering”. Paul Wilson joked: “That sucks.....well, it used to”. This Morning’s Dr Scott Miller wrote: “Yet a face that says ‘wasn’t me’”. Beauty Wills added: “Look at her gorgeous face.. You can't be mad at her”. Holly, who shares children Belle, ten, Harry, twelve, and Chester, 7, with her husband Dan Baldwin, introduced Bailey to the family last year. She previously opened up on Jonathan Ross about the stink emanating from the puppy in her crate on their first morning together. READ MORE... Phil Collins, 71, sits during Genesis gig amid 'frail' appearance  [NEWS]Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [LATEST]Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [NEWS] “Before I saw her, I could smell her,” Holly laughed. “I lifted the flap and I swear to god it was like something out of a horror movie. She was covered in her own s**t. She'd gone from white and perfect to just stinky and smelly. “I looked and thought, ‘If I let you out you're going to run through and cover the whole house in this.'” Holly added: “'She is pretty perfect actually, apart from that first night. I think she did it on purpose. I think she’s quite a clever girl.” Holly had a worrying incident at work earlier this week when Television Centre in London was evacuated, meaning her show This Morning was pulled off air midway through the programme. A suspicious-looking package had been sent to Lorraine Kelly, sparking security concerns. This Morning and Loose Women were taken off air, with pre-recorded segments playing instead, while two nearby tube stations were closed while the police investigated. They later confirmed the issue had been resolved.