Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Your partner or a close friend will hint they would like to see more of you. Since you don't want to lose people who mean a lot to you, for now at least, their wish will be your command. Your determination to please people will do your relationships the world of good. Taurus (Apr21/May21) A get rich quick scheme will have flaws. Although you sense others are aware of it and trying to ignore the warning signals, you will worry about a friend who is dazzled by an online guru who is promising the earth. Gemini (May22/June21) You're tired of having to drop everything as a friend expects you to do every time they need a helping hand. You would be better off channelling your energy into things you can change such as areas of your life that could do with some improvement. Cancer (June22/July23) A partner or close friend needs more space. You may feel they have plenty of freedom but listen to them when they say you're clinging to them like glue and it makes them feel stifled. A sports team or creative group is looking for members. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Gemini to ‘deepen bond’ with loved one Leo (July24/Aug23) With those close to you content to cope with their own affairs, this will give you some well-deserved time to yourself. Rather than doing as much as possible you will choose the opposite. You intend to make the most of this chance to relax and you will be enjoying every minute of it. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) You hadn't realised how much someone has been influencing you until you start looking at the facts. You might feel annoyed with yourself for having allowed an older friend or colleague's beliefs and opinions to colour your own decisions.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) If your best friend or partner is going through a tough time and you know they need you, making time just for them will help lift their spirits. Arrange a trip together, suggest a mini break or take them to their favourite restaurant. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) You might get the impression a close friend is keeping something to themselves. Despite their reluctance to share, your curiosity will be roused. At the same time, it is completely up to them whether or not they reveal all to you. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) This may not be such a good time for professional relationships. Someone who is a stickler for rules and regulations will find your independent spirit too disturbing. No matter how difficult it might be, you may have to listen to a senior colleague's suggestions. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) A recent worry will be sorted out just as you were about to give up on this matter. Being able to put this behind you will put everyone in exceptionally high spirits. Your working life is taking a turn for the better. An important meeting or interview will go a lot better than expected. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) If you're trying to economise it would make sense to steer clear of friends who have expensive tastes. They may have cash to spare to spend on here today and gone tomorrow pleasures but you will prefer to be more careful. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Listening to gossip could have unfortunate consequences. It isn't wise to take everything everyone tells you as the truth. Yes, some rumours will provide you with useful information once you have checked the facts.