New Leeds boss Jesse Marsch has given his first press conference since replacing Marcelo Bielsa with a clear target on fixing one area which was proving troublesome under the iconic Argentine coach. Bielsa's time at Elland Road came to an abrupt end last weekend following their dismal 4-0 defeat to Tottenham. That defeat saw Leeds slip even closer to the relegation zone with Burnley just two points behind them. More worryingly for Leeds though was how leaky the defensive unit had become in recent weeks. Before Bielsa was sacked, Leeds had conceded 20 goals in just five league games. They've picked up just seven points in the top flight since the end of November with the club acting now to try and starve off the threat of relegation. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp offers Thiago injury update and return date  Marsch now takes over with Leicester up next before a home game against Aston Villa. Games against Norwich and Wolves follow before the international break at which point their position in the table will be much clearer. For Marsch, his task is clear. The Americah coach is fully aware of Leeds' defensive frailties at the moment. And he admits that shutting up shop in front of goal is one of the first things he will be looking to fix between now and the end of the season. "A lot of teams had developed match plans against the way the team had played here which were becoming easier to implement," he said. "We have to find the tactics that manage the situation effectively. "We need to make sure, in all moments, we are using the group. Set-pieces and dead-ball situations. "A million things on my mind I want to implement, but important to make the simple things the clearest and then add complexities." DON'T MISS  Marsch also admits that he knows there will be some players who may take some time warming up to him. When asked whether confidence was low in the group, he said: "I did not feel it because they are so positive and energetic. United. Been through a lot. "My focus is how to channel those energies to make them better. "I know there are factions who may not accept me quickly because of Marcelo, but I just want the team to show how good they are."