Members of the transport and business select committees unleashed a scathing assassination of the behaviour of the ferry operator after nearly 800 employees were sacked last week. The company, which took millions of pounds from the taxpayer in furlough money during the pandemic, admitted to the MPs it had broken the law by terminating contracts of hard-working Britons overnight with no consultation. Summoned to give evidence in Parliament today, P&O's chief executive Peter Hebblethwaite was left wriggling in his seat as he was lambasted by MPs for the company's actions. Earning a basic salary of £325,000 a year, the company boss received multiple tongue-lashings as the politicians lined up to attack the actions of his company. Opening proceedings, Labour's Darren Jones asked: "Are you in this mess because you don't know what you're doing, or are you just a shameless criminal?" Offering a mealy-mouthed apology for P&O's actions, Mr Hebblethwaite replied: "Can I start this with an apology? READ MORE: Sturgeon blasted over £240m ferries that may never sail  "An apology to seafarers that were affected on Thursday of last week, an apology to their families, an apology to the 2,200 of our employees who have had to face very difficult questions over the last week or so. "You may see this as a late apology and I just want to reassure you the reason that you're hearing this for the first time today is because I've spent the last week in the business, talking to our people one to one." Questioned on whether he would accept a performance-related bonus if his employers were "mad enough" to offer one, Mr Hebblethwaite did not rule out accepting the extra cash. He said: "I can't tell you how far that is from my thoughts. "I don't know the answer to that. I've got to be honest I'm not focussed on that, I'm focussed on saving the business and getting the 800 seafarers new jobs." Last Thursday P&O announced it was sacking its 800 seafarers with immediate effect in order to employ cheaper agency workers. DON'T MISS:P&O savaged as TUC chief warns 'reinstate workers or pay high price' [WATCH]P&O suffering seven million pound loss [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid rips apart P&O over ‘double standard’ furlough payments [REACTION]  The Government was provided notice of the move just hours before it was announced, despite suggestions the law required the company to provide 45 days notice. Giving evidence to MPs today, Mr Hebblethwaite also accepted he failed to honour legal obligations that require him to consult with union representatives, saying: "There is absolutely no doubt we were required to consult with the unions, we chose not to do that." He further admitted most seafarers replacing the sacked workers will be paid below the UK's national minimum wage.  The company executive said the average hourly pay of the new crew is just £5.50 per hour.  The minimum wage in the UK for people aged 23 and above is £8.91 per hour, with the crew who lost their jobs last week earning an average of £36,000 per year. Workers at sea are able to be paid a lower rate than the UK law requires due to being international territory. Accused of providing "farcical answers", Mr Hebblethwaite was forced to listen as Middlesbrough MP Andy McDonald asked Jesper Kristensen, a representative of the company that owns the ferry company if he would sack the chief executive of P&O Ferries for gross misconduct. "I couldn't imagine that we would do that, no," he replied.  Ministers have reacted with anger at the actions of P&O and vowed to consider legal action. Speaking in the Commons today, Solicitor General Alex Chalk said the company will face legal proceedings "if the law allows for a prosecution". "This Government absolutely deprecates and abhors the actions that have been taken by P&O and the Prime Minister was very, very clear about that," he said. "If the law allows for a prosecution, I can tell you this Government will not hesitate to take every action necessary."