Meghan Markle announced the launch of her new podcast, Archetypes, this week. The Duchess of Sussex plans to talk to experts, historians and women who have experienced being typecast. In a trailer released for the Archewell Audio project released on Thursday, the Duchess said: ““This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us… but where do these stereotypes come from? And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?” Meghan and her husband Prince Harry have not released any content on Spotify since their Christmas special two years ago.The episode welcomed guests like Stacey Abrams, José Andrés, James Corden, Elton John, Naomi Osaka and Tyler Perry.  It is expected that Archetypes, which is set to be released this summer, will host other high profile guests.However, according to one royal commentator, the Sussexes’ connection with certain political figures has polarised the couple’s fan base in the US. Founder and creator of the LA based royal site ToDiForDaily.com, Kinsey Schofield, has claimed that the couple made a “major misstep” in aligning themselves with a political party.Ms Schofield told Express.co.uk: “Meghan started doing all of these virtual events with Kamala Harris, Hilary Clinton, Stacey Abrams… these very Democratic personalities.“They do the Time special where they are clearly endorsing Joe Biden without blatantly saying his name.“You really saw the split in the States, people just — royalists — were like: they are so breaking the rules and we don’t like this. “And then anybody who wasn’t on the Democratic side of things, also thought: 'Why are these two telling us who to vote for? And hanging out with Hilary Clinton and Kamala Harris?'“So I feel like they made a major misstep there in immediately aligning themselves with a certain political party.“I think that was a huge mistake.”Last year, Meghan penned a passionate open letter to Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer to advocate for paid family leave. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan Markle mocked after Oscars claim [INSIGHT]Queen releases new £14.99 botanical kitchen product [REVEAL]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [REPORT] Soon after, it was reported that she had cold-called at least two Republican senators — Shelley Capito and Susan Collins — about the issue. More recently, Meghan and Harry published a statement on their Archewell website, saying they "stand with the people of Ukraine" after Russian forces invaded the country. However, their comments on the Ukraine-Russia crisis came under fire from some fans, as traditionally members of the Royal Family remain politically neutral and do not provide a public opinion on contentious issues. Protocol prevents reigning monarchs and successors to the throne from addressing contentious affairs due to a requirement of being politically neutral.  “You would imagine that she will have lots of very powerful, famous women and women who have overcome adversity to rise up through the ranks in whatever industry and field that they have become successful in.”Kamala Harris was tipped to be a guest on the Archewell podcast last year, due to a “feeling of solidarity" between her and the Duchess.Rosa Silverman wrote in the Telegraph in November 2020 that plans for a collaboration could have been in the works.One source told her: “I think there’s a real feeling of solidarity between the two women.”The source said they don’t think Ms Harris is "interested in popular game-playing,” but added that the opportunity to work with Meghan might be too good to pass up.