Some 800 staff on board docked ships were told their redundancy is effective immediately, and today will be their last day on the job. Defiant unions have instructed their members not to leave P&O ships, describing the job losses as a betrayal. In the video, obtained by Hull Live, a company boss claims the job losses are required to keep the company afloat after losses of £100 million a year for the past two years. He tells staff their Dubai-based parent company, DP World, could no longer sustainably cover their losses and that, instead, a new external agency workforce will take over their jobs. P&O suspended all services today, cancelling all sailings and offloading passengers and cargo. The company executive said: "The company has been struggling financially for the past few years and has lost about £100m each year for the last two years," the senor executive says in the clip. "Whilst these losses have been covered by P&O’s parent company DP World it’s clearly not sustainable for the future. The business cannot continue to operate like this so it has had to consider a range of different options to drastically reduce costs. "These circumstances have resulted in a very difficult but necessary decision to restructure P&O’s workforce and operations in order to protect the future of the business. "This was only taken after seriously considering all of the available options. "The company has made the decision that its vessel going forward will be primarily crewed by a third party crew provider. "Therefore I am sorry to inform you that this means your employment is terminated with immediate effect on the grounds of redundancy. Your final day of employment is today."  The crew have been offered a severance package that P&O claims goes "well beyond the statutory requirements". The executive continues: "P&O Ferries is offering you an enhanced severance package which is well beyond the statutory requirements and the redundancy terms within your collective bargaining agreement. "The enhanced severance payment will be made to you in April this year subject to you signing a settlement agreement by March 31 and complying in full with its terms and conditions." P&O is one of the world’s leading ferry companies, carrying more than 10 million passengers a year before the pandemic and roughly 15 percent of all freight cargo in and out of the UK. The Dubai-owned ferry company has said that its services will not operate for the “next few days” and advised passengers to use other companies.   "The business has been struggling financially for the last few years and has lost around 100m each year for the last two years. "Whilst these losses have been covered by P&O Ferries' parent company, DP World, it's clearly not sustainable in the future. "The business cannot continue to operate like this so it has had to consider a range of different options in order to drastically reduce costs. "These circumstances have resulted in a very difficult but necessary decision to restructure P&O Ferries workforce and operations in order to protect the future of the business. "This was only taken after seriously considering all the available options. "The company has made the decision that its vessels, going forward, will be primarily crewed by a third party crew provider. "Therefore, I am sorry to inform you that this means your employment is terminated with immediate effect on the grounds of redundancy. "Your final day of employment is today. "P&O Ferries is offering you an enhanced severance package which is well beyond the statutory requirements and the redundancy terms within your collective bargaining agreement. "Details of this package are within a document pack which you will receive by email today. "The enhanced severance payment will be made to you in April this year subject to you signing a settlement agreement by March 31 and complying in full with its terms and conditions. "I do accept that there are no words which can make the situation any better today. "I realise that this will have come as a shock to you and P&O Ferries will provide you with all the ongoing support possible. "Specifically, P&O Ferries will provide you with support to get a new job at sea or ashore whether with another part of DP World with a crewing company or in another area of work. "Confidential support including counselling through our employ assistant programme is available to you until June. "The document park you will receive today contains additional information including questions and answers so I would advise you to read over those carefully. "There are details in the written pack for where you can go if you have any other questions and please appreciate that I can't take questions and answers on this call, given its format, for obvious reasons. "We will also be calling each and everyone of you individually who are not onboard the vessels today in case you have further questions. "In the meantime, can I thank you for your time today and, in particular, thank you for your service to P&O Ferries."