Arsenal have a couple of regrets over Matteo Guendouzi's exit from the club, reports say. Guendouzi is set to join Marseille on a permanent deal this summer following his loan spell with the French club. Arsenal included an obligatory purchase option when sending the midfielder to Ligue 1 last summer if certain conditions were met. Those criteria have been struck and Guendouzi will become a Marseille player on a full-time basis. The 22-year-old fell out with Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta during his time in north London. A mid-season trip to Dubai in early 2020 was the first occurrence of Guendouzi getting on the wrong side of the Spaniard. Guendouzi played in the first match of Project Restart later that year but was involved in a heated exchange with Brighton striker Neal Maupay. He has not been included in an Arsenal match day squad since that game at the Amex. READ MORE: Man Utd have new manager announcement timeline despite new option available  That game will turn out to be his last in the famous red and white shirt. But The Athletic claims there is regret on Arsenal's side for how the situation has panned out. Guendouzi earned his first cap for France earlier this season and is in the latest Les Bleus squad. A fee of around £9.2million, which both clubs agreed on last summer, looks extremely cheap for a 22-year-old who is establishing himself in the squad of one of the favourites for this year's World Cup. But it's not just the fee that Arsenal regret. The report claims there is a feeling of disappointment among those at the club that Guendouzi has not been able to work things out with Arteta. He became a favourite with fans during his first season at Arsenal under Unai Emery. There is huge promise there but there is no way back now. DON'T MISSMbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt [GOSSIP]Barcelona's revival: Xavi's potentially unstoppable XI if new transfer policy works [OPINION]Achraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' [GOSSIP]  Arteta has made it clear there are several "non-negotiables" that all players must abide by. The likes of Mesut Ozil and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang have suffered similar fate to Guendouzi. However, the case of the midfielder is different to that of his two more senior peers. Ozil and Aubameyang were not performing on the pitch, had both past 30 and were the highest earners at the club. Guendouzi is an up-and-coming talent who has had a fine season with Marseille. Arsenal are set to be in the market for a midfielder this summer and he could have fit the bill perfectly.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here