Shanghai has become the latest major city to experience new lockdown restrictions - with the city divided in half as part of a new experimental test regime. Under the measures, one half of the city will enter lockdown from March 28, followed by the other from April 1, resulting in major disruption to the economy as factories and businesses are forced to close. Shanghai follows Shenzhen, a key location for China's tech industry, which went into lockdown earlier this month. As a major economic hub and home to 25 million people, the lockdown of Shanghai has left markets reeling at a time fears had already grown over China's zero Covid policies.  Oil prices have fallen around four percent on the prospect of lower demand from Chinese industry, though a major fall is still being prevented due to the squeeze in supply from sanctions on Russia. Meanwhile, Asian shares saw a volatile trading session, though Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index eventually ended the session up. Shanghai's Pudong district, home to the city's financial district, will be the first side of Shanghai to close. The area is also home to a Tesla plant which announced it would be temporarily closing.  Some factories, including a supplier to Apple, have been allowed to continue operations provided employees are kept in workplace bubbles. China has so far been cautious about a complete lockdown of Shanghai - with the split strategy aimed at easing disruption. Speaking at a press briefing Wu Fan, a member of the city's Covid taskforce, said: “If Shanghai, this city of ours, came to a complete halt, there would be many international cargo ships floating in the East China Sea. “This would impact the entire national economy and the global economy.”  Even a partial lockdown is likely to cause significant disruption to China's economy and global supply chains. Victoria Scholar, head of investment at Interactive Investor, said: "Given the importance of Shanghai as China’s financial hub, with public transport suspended and factories and firms shut down, this city-wide lockdown, which is the biggest since the start of COVID in 2020, is expected to weigh on China’s already fragile economic outlook and it has the potential to cause volatility and uncertainty for its financial markets too.” The latest lockdown comes as China already faces economic challenges with industrial profits showing disappointing growth. Craig Botham, chief China+ Economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, warned the "immediate outlook is negative". In a research note, he said: "Energy costs are still elevated, and Covid suppression policies are intensifying, putting pressure on the bottom line even as global demand appears to be stalling."   DON'T MISS: China haemorrhaging billions of dollars as investors panic [ANALYSIS] Putin's panic as UK looks to break Russia's iron energy grip [INSIGHT] Historic change as NatWest returns to majority private control [LATEST] Despite the challenges presented by the zero Covid policy, President Xi Jinping has recently insisted China would "stick with" it, insisting China would "put people and life at the forefront". Another factor continuing to weigh on China is the debt crisis in its property sector which has seen defaults from major companies such as Evergrande, leaving authorities with the challenge of overseeing restructuring as part of a managed implosion. George Lagarias, chief economist at Mazars, said: "China spent the last year trying to burst a Real Estate Bubble, both commercial and residential. "The US (1996-2006), Spain (1985-2008), Japan (1985-1991) all experienced deep recessions immediately following the bursting of real estate bubbles. "To the real estate pressures one must add higher energy costs, a clampdown on tech and other sectors, high municipal debt, wild demand fluctuations and a fresh Covid outbreak."  China's regulatory crackdown on the tech sector in particular has had a noticeable affect on markets with companies such as Alibaba and Tencent seeing their share prices slashed more than half since the start of 2021.