Arsenal have been told to bring former boss Arsene Wenger back to the club by former Gunners full-back Bacary Sagna. The Frenchman believes Wenger could provide support to young boss Mikel Arteta and ‘achieve something amazing’.   Wenger spent 22 years at Arsenal before departing at the end of the 2017-18 campaign. He won 10 major honours, including three Premier League titles. The 72-year-old has apparently not been back to the Emirates Stadium since being replaced by Unai Emery. Arteta was appointed following Emery’s sacking in November 2018.  And Sagna thinks it is a ‘shame’ that Wenger has not been able to enjoy Arsenal’s recent success at their north London home. Wenger is now FIFA’s head of global development and is a leading voice for a bi-yearly World Cup.    JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp steps up pursuit of Barcelona ace The former right-back, who also featured for Manchester City, believes Wenger should play a supporting role to Arteta at Arsenal. “I would love to see Wenger coming back to the club. I think combined with Mikel, Arsenal could achieve something amazing,” the 39-year-old told Genting Casino. “It is a shame that Wenger hasn’t been back yet to the Emirates but I can understand after 22 years it might be difficult for him to go back home – to go back home but not own the place. We need to remember that he played a big part in the build-up of the team so it will probably be difficult for him emotionally to go back because he has so many memories.    DON'T MISS...Diego Simeone aims dig at Man Utd as Atletico boss responds to victoryTottenham boss Antonio Conte 'in discussions' with PSGKlopp tipped to replace Salah with two Premier League stars “In time, eventually it will happen. I hope that it can happen soon so he can go back and support the team.” Last year, Arteta revealed he would entertain a return for Wenger. The 39-year-old was signed by the former Gunners boss and went on to play 150 times for the club before his retirement in 2016. The Arsenal head coach agrees with Sagna that the iconic figure could have a role to play at the club. Arteta would surely benefit from having Wenger around as he attempts to catch up with the likes of Man City, Liverpool and Chelsea.    “It was incredibly pleasant to see him and chat to him and hopefully we can bring him close,” he explained in November after meeting Wenger at the latter’s film premiere. “I think he would have a great time just seeing the environment that he can create around him when he is around this place because of the respect, admiration and the love that everybody at the club has for what he has done and as well for what he represents as a person in this club.”   