 Nicola Coughlan plays Penelope Featherington in Netflix’s smash hit period drama, Bridgerton. The Irish actress is soon set to return to the role for the second season as it launches on the streaming service later this month. However, she’s confessed that while filming the show she had a hard time getting along with some of the costumes.   Earlier this week, Nicola was welcomed onto BBC’s The One Show to chat about the upcoming second season of Bridgerton. She spoke to hosts Jermaine Jenas and Lauren Laverne about her excitement for the next batch of episodes to be released. While chatting to Nicola about her role in the drama, Jermaine confessed he’s a “big fan”. “I’m excited as well, Nicola. I can’t wait for the new series,” the presenter remarked. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby?    However, while on the show, Nicola admitted to struggling with one element of her Bridgerton costumes. Commenting on the period outfits featured in the Netflix drama, Jermaine insisted they were “incredible”. The presenter asked: “Is it right that you had a little problem putting the heels on for the show? An incident?” “Oh, just a tad, just a tad,” Nicola swiftly confessed.    The actress explained: “Ellen Mirojnick, who was the show’s costume designer on season one, saw me and was like, ‘You’re tiny, you’re too small, we’re going to have to put you in heels.’ “I was just terrified to get fired because I couldn't believe my luck at getting the job." “So I said, 'Yes, absolutely.’ If they were like, ‘You have to wear a giant clown suit’ I’d be like, ‘I would love that, yes please,'" Nicola joked. The actress admitted the heels quickly proved to be a problem for her when filming began. DON'T MISS...The Queen unveiled to be ‘a big fan’ of Last of the Summer Wine [INSIGHT]When is Starstruck back on TV? [MUST SEE]Emmerdale heartbreak for Manpreet Sharma as Charles breaks things off? [THEORY]  She continued: “I agreed to wear these crazy heels and then on my first day on set we were walking around and I toppled over not once, not twice, but three times.” Stunned by the star’s unlucky mishaps, Jermaine exclaimed: “Three?” Nicola confirmed: “Three times and I thought they’re going to think I’m drunk, they’re going to think I’m crazy, and I was holding a dog one of the times. “The dog was fine, just for anyone who’s worried, he was absolutely fine."    “But yes, they very quickly realised that was a no-go. So no more heels for Penelope, sadly,” she added. “It’s probably just as well. You can’t see them under the frocks anyway,” Lauren remarked. “Yes, it was a stroke of luck in a way,” Nicola agreed. Bridgerton season two launches on Netflix on Friday, March 25. 