The sanctioned Russian was spotted sitting at Israel's Ben Gurion airport shortly before jetting off to Turkey. Images show the owner of Chelsea sitting in the airport's VIP lounge with a face mask pulled down over his chin while he waited for his flight to Istanbul.  In one snap, Mr Abramovich is sitting down with his phone in hand while glancing overhead. While another shows him on his feet and wearing his face mask. The Sun reports that the football boss drove from his £65million mansion to the airport earlier in the day. According to Flightradar24, his jet left Moscow's Knukovo International Airport on Sunday at 4.43pm local time and flew through Kazakhstan, the Caspian Sea, Azerbaijan and Turkey.   Mr Abramovich's luxury private jet then landed in Tel Aviv just after 9pm local time (3pm GMT on Monday afternoon). It comes as the UK impounded a private jet connected to the Russian oligarch at Farnborough Airport, according to CNBC. The 55-year-old, who also holds Israeli and Portuguese citizenship, was recently sanctioned by the UK Government and as a result, his assets in the country have been frozen. He was one of seven Russian billionaires who were added to the British sanctions list on Thursday. READ MORE: Chelsea 'receive £2.7bn offer from Saudi Media Group' to take over Mr Abramovich has denied having close ties to Putin. Mr Abramovich has UK assets worth £3.2billion which were frozen by the British Government, which did initially stop him from selling his share of Chelsea Football Club. The sale of the club was initially put on hold and they had to be granted a special licence to allow matches to continue. However, he will now be allowed to offload his prized asset, with the government set to change the terms of the licence, as the funds from the sale will be going to a charitable organisation. The deadline for bids has been extended until Friday and according to the BBC, there are 20 interested parties who want to get their hands on the club. DON'T MISS EU misses 'perfect time' to crush Putin [INSIGHT] NASA emergency: Russia shares horrifying map of where ISS crash zone [REVEAL] 'Tell Oligarchs to f*** off!' Squatters invade £25m mansion in protest [REPORT] According to Forbes, Mr Abramovich is worth £10.4billion and owns two properties – a £150million mansion in Kensington and a £33milliion West London penthouse. He also owns an array of yachts, private jets, helicopters and high-performance sports cars worth more than £1.2billion. Mr Abramovich gained Israeli citizenship in 2018, a feat which then resulted in him being in the top three of wealthiest men in Israel. His appearance at the airport comes as the US warned Israel not to become a safe haven for Russian money. 