In a poll that ran from 9am on Tuesday, March 8, to 7am on Wednesday March 9, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the UK issue a total ban on Russian crude oil?” A total of 2,642 people responded, and dozens left comments below the poll sharing their thoughts on the matter. Overwhelmingly, voters said “yes”, they think the UK should issue a total ban on Russian crude oil, with 90 percent (2,366 voters) choosing this option. A further 10 percent of voters (260) said “no”, while just 16 people said they didn’t know. In the comments section, readers made clear they were willing to make sacrifices if it means bringing the suffering in Ukraine to an end. Username TROUT_TICKLER said: “We should be boycotting everything that comes from Russia, regardless of the effect it may have on our lives.” And username KatMoi wrote: “Russia cannot and should not be paid for anything from any country. Boycott Russia.” Username SanjayP agreed: “The UK should stop buying anything from Russia. Defending freedom comes at a cost. We should be prepared to make sacrifices.” Meanwhile, others shared their concerns over the UK’s energy sources. Username John 57 wrote: “I can't understand why we import oil in the first place whilst cutting our own production from the North Sea.” And username FlameStrike said: “Since oil and gas are so very important for the UK it might pay to ensure that the new North Sea oil and gas reserves and exploration are fully explored and utilised and to accelerate that process.” Some chose to highlight the importance of the UK being self-sufficient in their arguments. Username lla ma dos said: “We have an abundance of wave, solar and wind energy. The technology is there. “We just need to create battery storage on a large scale within the UK to harvest this renewable energy source. The tech is available we just need to invest in it.” While username Konami123 said: “I have been stating for a long time that we have to be self-sufficient in key resources and services and not allow it to be foreign-owned. “Our energy, water, infrastructure, telecommunications, health care, basic staple, insurance, education, media, banking etc.” On Tuesday, March 8, the UK Government said it would phase out the imports of Russia oil by the end of 2022. Business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said on Twitter: "The UK will phase out the import of Russian oil and oil products by the end of 2022. "This transition will give the market, businesses and supply chains more than enough time to replace Russian imports – which make up eight percent of UK demand." He added: "The market has already begun to ostracise Russian oil, with nearly 70 percent of it currently unable to find a buyer. "Finally, while the UK is not dependent on Russian natural gas – four percent of our supply – I am exploring options to end this altogether." Meanwhile US President Joe Biden introduced a total ban on Russian oil immediately. He said: "That means Russian oil will no longer be acceptable at US ports and the American people will deal another powerful blow to Putin’s war machine."