With demand for properties so high right now, Britons are paying higher prices than ever for their dream home. The UK’s average property price has reached a new record high of £278,123, according to Halifax. Those renovating their home can include these “vital” features to increase their property value further. Property experts at Property workshop shared several ways to maximise house value, which includes what features to add to any home. The experts shared that having a bath and shower is “vital” for homeowners wanting to boost their house value. They said: “Making sure your property has both a shower and a bath means in the long term it will appeal to everyone. “Families in particular always need a bath for small children, yet the convenience and speed of a shower are also vital.” For those on a budget, a shower and bath can be installed as a single unit to save money. READ MORE: Property: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house The experts added: “Installing both a shower and a bath doesn’t necessarily mean you need to add a whole separate shower unit. “Simply ensuring your bath area is fully tiled (or has a shower curtain) with a properly fixed shower head will solve this issue. “Although if you can add a separate enclosure, this will certainly be more desirable.” The elements of a bath and shower that add the most value are glass screens and having a separate enclosure, according the experts. DON'T MISS: How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ tip to remove yellow pillow stains [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing technique to avoid lawns diseases [EXPERT] They said: “Choosing a glass screen around your bath rather than a shower curtain looks more modern, is easier to clean and generally does a better job at preventing water from escaping. “It will add a more luxury vibe and is definitely worth the extra spent. “A separate enclosure may not be vital, but if you have space and you can install one, it will definitely add more and be worthwhile doing.” The property experts also explained that adding new flooring can also bump up a house value. Flooring trends are constantly changing and homeowners need to stay up-to-date of they want to add value to their property. They said: “There are very few floors that will truly last a lifetime. “Even if your floor hasn’t worn out, it may be outdated in style. “The days when carpets in bathrooms were desirable are long gone and likewise, patterned carpets and lino tiles aren’t sought after anymore either.” Updating a floor can entirely transform the look of a room. It doesn’t have to be expensive, and there are so many easy DIY options out there for those on a budget. The experts noted that wooden floorboards and natural stone add the most value. They said: “Bringing floorboards back to life in an older period property is a great way to add value without spending a fortune. “Natural stone, like limestone, is the only type of flooring that gets better as it ages. “It can truly last a lifetime and adds a pinch of character at the same time.”