Conleth Hill will portray Sgt PJ Collins in ITV's new adaptation of the 2016 novel Holding. A police officer in a fictional village in West Cork, Ireland, PJ suddenly has his work cut out for him when a body is discovered. It is up to him and his new boss DI Linus Dunne (played by Clinton Liberty) to find out who is responsible for the murder. Set in the village of Duneen, Holding sees how a tight-knit Irish community reacts to a murder investigation where all of their neighbours are potential suspects. Sgt PJ Collins (Conleth Hill) is the police officer who knows everyone in the town which is a plus when it comes to searching for information. But it is a blessing and a curse as it is the residents of Duneen's view that it is up to PJ alone to catch the killer. With new officer DI Linus Dunne now employed as PJ's boss, it is bound to be an interesting dynamic as the pair have to bring both of their skills to the table in order to crack the case. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview Actor Conleth Hill is one of the main stars in Graham Norton's Holding on ITV. He has featured in a number of popular series including Magpie Murders, Vienna Blood, Dublin Murders, Hang Ups and Suits. His biggest role to date though was in HBO's Game of Thrones as Lord Varys. He isn't the only star in his family though as Hill has a well-known brother. Hill is related to award-winning sound engineer Ronan Hill who has worked on some of the best-loved shows on television. Some of these include Line of Duty, Struck, The Fall, The Woman in White, Hidden and Privates. Hill also worked extensively with his brother Conleth on the fantasy series Game of Thrones. For his sound mixing work on the HBO drama, Hill won four Emmy Awards. DON'T MISS...NCIS Hawaii's Alex exit 'sealed' as Jane makes surprise discovery? [THEORY]Graham Norton: I loved watching my novel become a TV drama [INTERVIEW]Vera's Brenda Blethyn shares huge update on new series [UPDATE] Few details are known about Hill's personal life, including whether or not he is married or has children. He does come from a family that are all involved in the entertainment industry in some way. While Conleth is an actor, Hill has a sister who works as a film producer and another brother who is a cameraman. Conleth and Ronan are both very private, rarely talking about their family in interviews. Holding premieres on Monday, March 14, at 9pm on ITV. The description for episode one reads: “When human remains are found in a sleepy Irish village, Sergeant PJ Collins finally has a genuine mystery to solve. "As the discovery ripples through the community, it threatens to expose decades of secrets.” Holding will be available to watch on ITV Hub.