This morning, thousands of customers of these banks have been left unable to access vital financial services either online or via apps. Those who have attempted to log onto their accounts have been met with a “N/A” displayed on their screen, where it should show their available funds. This issue appears to be affecting customers of Lloyds Bank, Halifax and the Bank of Scotland, which are all part of the Lloyds Banking Group, according to Downdetector.  The online banking error is believed to have started at around 10:30am today when multiple people began to share their experiences of attempting to log on. On Twitter, multiple customers of Lloyds, Halifax and Bank of Scotland voiced their anger and frustration at having to deal with this online banking issue. One Lloyds customer said: “Are there any issues with accessing online banking? “Every time I try getting in, I'm greeted with either we don't have a record of an account (website login page) or we are unable to show some of your accounts (on the app).” READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim  In response, Lloyds said: “I'm sorry to hear of the issues you're having. Can you try logging off and on again and let us know if this helps?” Another customer added: “Hi. Logged in to the app and it says ‘Something went wrong’ and it's not showing my account balance.” The bank replied: “I’m sorry you’ve had trouble accessing your accounts. We’re aware some customers have had issues with online banking and our app. “This should now be resolved if you try to log on now.” DON'T MISS Similar issues with accessing the bank’s online services have arisen in the past and have been known to have been swiftly dealt with. In November 2021, Halifax, Bank of Scotland and Lloyds customers were left unable to get into their accounts via online banking. There is evidence this was a similar error to the one affecting customer’s today as those affected in November received a similar ‘N/A’ response when logging on. According to Lloyds, today’s online banking error issue should be resolved for customers and they should try logging on again.  Despite this issue being apparently resolved, many customers shared their disappointment that this mistake has happened once again. A Lloyds customer named Paul Andrews said: “Annoying to find out the LloydsBank online platform is down and account balances are not available and showing as N/A. “Called helpline to confirm who suggested calling back later but money is in the account, you just cannot see it. Not exactly helpful.” Another named Sean said: “I am trying to send my mom some money for mothers day but your app is not showing my account! What is going on with your app?” While online banking error errors are a massive annoyance to customers, those affected are encouraged to contact Lloyds and its sister banks of the issue as soon as possible. This can be done by messaging Lloyds Banking directly over Twitter, however no personal details should be shared. Those with accounts with the Bank of Scotland or Halifax can reach out to their respective banks’ customer service Twitter accounts for assistance. A Lloyds spokesperson said: "We know some of our customers had issues accessing mobile and online banking for a short time this morning. We're sorry about this and both our website and app are now back to normal. "The issue lasted for around 20 minutes and was resolved before 11am."