In what appears to be an awkward encounter between the two leaders, the Canadian PM can be seen wearing a mask in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Both Mr Johnson and Mr Trudeau also appear to be uneasy in their approach to each other, with both appearing to shuffle with their jackets as they greet. Mr Trudeau is in Europe on a four-stop tour of the continent to discuss the Russian invasion of Ukraine.  Also attending the meeting is Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte. In what appears to be another uncomfortable photo for Mr Johnson, both Mr Trudeau and Mr Rutte appear to be smiling as a reserved Mr Johnson looks on from the middle. Mr Trudeau has said repeatedly that sanctions are the biggest weapon the West can deploy against Moscow, but international pressure on NATO is increasing after the western military alliance turned down a direct plea from Ukrainian President Volodomyr Zelensky to establish a no-fly zone to protect civilians. A senior Canadian official speaking before Mr Trudeau's trip said: "It's less a question of if Canada and its allies will provide more support for Ukraine and more a question of what, and that's part of next week's meetings." Over the last two weeks, Canada has sent Ukraine automatic guns, carbines and handguns, along with 15 million rounds of ammunition. It has promised 4,500 M72 rocket launchers, up to 7,500 hand grenades and 100 Carl-Gustaf M2 anti-tank weapons, along with 2,000 rounds of ammunition. Canada also has sent non-lethal equipment — fragmentation vests, helmets, metal detectors and night vision goggles. It has promised to spend an additional $25 million on helmets, body armour, gas masks and other gear. READ MORE:'Lift fracking ban to boost UK's security over energy' Officials said the meeting of the three prime ministers is an opportunity to take stock of what each country can do. A spokesperson said: "It's a really important opportunity for us as close partners to coordinate." The chaotic seizure by Russian troops on Thursday of Ukraine's Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant — the biggest in Europe — and the possibility of a chilling catastrophe there is expected to shape the discussion among the leaders, particularly within Europe. An official was quoted as saying: "It does make the situation more urgent than it already is." DON'T MISS:30 Putin helicopters blown to smithereens [REVEAL]Xi affirms 'rock solid' friendship with Putin [REPORT]Mothers of Russian soldiers rage at Putin [INSIGHT]  The Canadian PM will also travel to Poland where the majority of Ukrainians fleeing the invasion have arrived. Reports by the UN suggest over 1.5 million Ukrainians have now left the country. The prime minister is also due to visit Germany, where he intends to reinforce trade ties and the shared agenda on climate change. Later in the trip, Trudeau will visit Latvia, where Canada has 500 troops on NATO duty helping to reassure eastern European allies. Also, during that visit, the prime minister is expected to meet with not only his Latvian counterpart but also the prime ministers of Lithuania and Estonia.