Will Kirk, who many fans will recognise from The Repair Shop, has teamed up with his BBC co-star for some exciting news. The restoration expert took to Instagram last night to tease the news in a picture with Bargain Hunt star Christina Trevanion. Will posted this in view of his 160,000 followers as he explained the show will be out later this year. Alongside the snap, Will wrote: “We can't wait for you all to see the exciting new show we've been filming! “Coming to @bbc later this year.” He also teased what will be coming with the hashtags: “#thetravellingauctioneers #antiques #auctions #antiquefurniture” READ MORE: Rylan told to 'grow up' and stop ‘mincing about' amid Ukraine crisis  Christina also teased the upcoming show as well with a similar snap on her Instagram page. She penned: “A beautiful sunny Sussex morning with the supremely talented @williamkirkrestoration filming our new show with @wearestv1.” She added: “#livingthedream #sunnydays #springsunshine.” Last year, it was announced that the pair would be starring in a new 15-part BBC series.   Called The Travelling Auctioneers, this is set to see the pair travelling around the UK. They’ll be turning unwanted items into winners at auctions in the new daytime show. The synopsis for the show teases how they’ll be working with families to find hidden treasures. This reads: "Sifting through one family home at a time, Will and Christina first need to identify the items that will sell best at a bespoke auction. DON'T MISS... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [INSIGHT]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [PICTURES]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT]   "Christina will call on her auctioneer contacts and expertise, whilst Will uses his incredible craft and restoration skills to bring new life to neglected treasures – ready for a thrilling on-site auction. "Throughout the series, the dynamic duo will arm the British public with all the tricks of the trade, to help viewers across the UK cash in on their unwanted belongings." At the time, Will said: "I’m thrilled to be part of such an exciting new project. "Hopefully, between Christina and I, we can open up the worlds of restoration and auctions to a wider audience and show people some simple tips to get their prized possessions in pristine condition."  While Christina said: “It’s really exciting to be a part of such an innovative new series and working alongside Will. "Whether it’s a cellar, a barn, a loft, or the back of a cupboard, I’m really looking forward to uncovering the hidden treasures so many of us have in our homes, and giving them a new lease of life. “While making the world of auctions and restoration accessible to as many people as possible.” Elsewhere, Will be appearing on screens tonight in the latest episode of The Repair Shop before their Comic Relief special later this week. 