Cobra Kai season five is due to air on Netflix and the comedy-drama TV series welcomed back a notorious antagonist. Terry Silver (played by Thomas Ian Griffith) returned to join John Kreese (Martin Kove) but he turned against his partner in the finale. Some stars of the show discussed a potential fight between Terry and the youngsters of the series. The fourth season of Cobra Kai left fans on the edge of their seats as Terry Silver proved himself to be trouble. He had seemingly changed his ways, having settled down and turned his back on Karate. Yet John Kreese encouraged him to return to Cobra Kai and fight against their old enemies. In a shocking twist of events, fans came to learn how Terry had been playing John all along. He set John up to make him seem like the one guilty of assaulting Stingray (Paul Walter Hauser). READ MORE: Cobra Kai’s Miguel star lands huge new superhero role John ended up getting arrested for something Terry did, but this was not the only trouble Terry caused. He had also paid off the umpire at the championships so Cobra Kai unlawfully won, something Tory Nichols (Peyton List) later discovered. Leo Birenberg and Zach Robinson both work as composers on the show and they spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about what they would love to see happen next. Leo said: "I am waiting for all the kids to team up and fight the adults. "Like I want to see Terry take on Miguel, Robby, Hawk, Sam, and Tory all at once." Zach added: "I have so many dream fight scenarios but I really would love a Terry vs Johnny AND Daniel fight." At least one of these scenarios is likely to play out in the fifth season as Terry continues to step up his game. The pair discussed the most intense moments of the previous series. Zach shared: "After we watched the last two episodes of the season, not going to lie, it was pretty intimidating. "It’s essentially a movie’s worth of music and is laid wall to wall with high intensity, highly cinematic score. DON'T MISS...Cobra Kai season 5: Terry Silver enlists another Karate Kid villain [THEORY] Cobra Kai season 5: Miguel set for tough time in Mexico [INSIGHT] Cobra Kai's star addresses future of series beyond season 5 [INTERVIEW] "Once we were able to break down the sequences one by one, it started to feel more manageable. "You work on a little piece of the puzzle and eventually just put it all together. "It was a beast, but we’re very proud of it all." Leo said the latest season was a completely different ballgame as the fighting became much more serious. He said: "It was an interesting and important shift because we usually try to infuse the music in the show with an element of fun. "But here for the first time karate wasn’t fun anymore, it was violent and extremely high stakes. "It was, however, very fun for us (in a different sense) because it gave us an opportunity to develop our themes in ways and sonic zones we hadn’t explored yet." The pair agreed working with actor Griffith was a dream and they are excited for what is to come. Zach commented: "I loved scoring basically anything with Terry. Thomas Ian Griffith’s presence is electrifying!" Leo added: "Yes, we always seem to relish whenever we get to develop someone more on the evil side of the spectrum. "Last season it was Kreese and this season Terry."  Cobra Kai seasons 1-4 are on Netflix now, with season 5 in the making.