The DVLA has blacklisted hundreds of rude number plates in its bi-annual crackdown on registration plates. Each March, the Government department unveils its latest list of banned plates, with a total of 343 having already been banned. Some of the plates included in the banned list are x rated and crude, while others could be deemed as racist or sexist. Express.co.uk has opted to only publish a small selection of edited banned plates. Among them are F22 K*R, BA22 T*D, A22 H*E, and TU22 U*D. Covid related number plates have also been banned, including CO22 RNA, CO22 ONA and CO22 VD. READ MORE: Drivers will face a 'sharper sting' when paying car tax this year The banned list isn't always able to capture every dodgy plate, with some occasionally slipping through the net and finding their way into circulation. The DVLA also removes certain plates that might prove popular among collectors, and save them for auction. A spokesperson for the DVLA outlined why some plates may be banned. They said: “The vast majority of registration numbers are made available but the agency holds back any combinations that may cause offence, embarrassment, or are in poor taste. DON'T MISSBritons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs [INSIGHT]Thirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Major driving law will see people fined £200 for using phone tomorrow [WARNING] “Many people enjoy displaying a personalised registration number and there are over 50 million registrations available on our website with almost endless possibilities of combinations to suit a person’s taste, interests and budget.” Following March 1, all new cars were registered with a new number plate featuring a “22” registration tag, alongside a number of other changes announced last year. The new “BS AU 145e” plates meet the new British Standard for Retroreflective Number Plates and replaced the old “BS AU 145d” licence plates. The older plates have been in use since September 2001. The plates are made from a tougher material which makes them more resistant to abrasion and other damage. Number plates can now only display solid black lettering as two tone plates that used different shades to create a 3D or 4D effect have been banned. The lettering can still be Perspex or acrylic lettering, provided it meets all other requirements. This change was made to make it easier for Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras to read the plate. The new number plates will also have to include the supplier’s business name and postcode, along with the name of the number plate manufacturer and the new standard. The DVLA are holding an auction at the end of March where a number of licence plates with unique features will be up for sale. The licence plate LDY 805S has a starting price of £250, alongside the plate MA22 CUS and DE51 NGH. Other popular plates include a dateless registration plate IKXJ which has a staggering starting price of £2,400. Another timeless plate, ILUL, also has a starting price of £2,400, and is set to be sold on March 30.