Tommy (played by Sonny Kendall) pulled a knife on his bullies in a bid to scare them away for good on Thursday's instalment of EastEnders. However, the situation ended in horror when he accidentally stabbed one of his tormentors and fled the scene. His mother Kat (Jessie Wallace) is aware her son has been tormented at school, but what will she do if she finds out he's behind the stabbing which could prove fatal?  In the latest episode of the BBC soap, the bullies continued to taunt Tommy, but teacher Isaac Baptiste (Stevie Basaula) noticed the commotion and broke it up. Concerned about Tommy, Isaac later interrupted Kat at her home to tell her about the extent of her son's bullying issues. He explained: "Tommy is lucky to have you and I know things have been difficult since Phil, but Tommy's not said anything." Kat replied: "Tommy was a bit off this morning but I thought that was just him trying to skive off again." READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star?  However, Isaac said: "When kids start missing school it is usually something else is going on, he could be trying to avoid a problem?" He told Kat hiding will not make Tommy's problems disappear and explained he would be keeping a close eye on her son at school. "Tommy is a good kid, we just need to keep him focused on what's important, it's easy to make mistakes," Isaac added. Later on in the episode, Tommy was once again tormented by his bullies after school, but he decided to stand up for himself.  The youngster fumed: "Can't you just leave me alone?" However, the yobs had no intention of backing down and one started shoving Tommy who then flipped in a rage. "Back off," Tommy yelled as he pulled a knife out of his rucksack and pointed it at one of the bullies. "I'm not scared of you anymore," he shouted while edging towards one of his tormentors. DON'T MISS... Letitia Dean weight loss: How actress dropped 4 dress sizes  [LATEST]EastEnders' Cheryl Fergison 'shocks' onlookers as she's seen busking [UPDATE]EastEnders theory: Walford business bankrupt as family divided? [THEORY]  As he put the knife back in his bag and started walking home one of the bullies pulled him to the ground. Tommy held his bag over his face to protect himself and then hit the bully with it, but he accidentally stabbed him in the shoulder as the knife penetrated through the material. Horrified at what just happened as the bully started bleeding, Tommy fled the scene in shock. The schoolboy was left lying on the floor alone in pain with no one to help him or call an ambulance on his behalf.   A tearful Tommy apologised to Kat when he returned home in a panic, but he did not explain he'd accidentally stabbed another student. If he decides to tell Kat the truth, will they pack their bags and go on the run from the police? Kat is fiercely protective of her son and would be heartbroken if he was put behind bars in a juvenile detention centre. EastEnders airs Mondays to Thursdays on BBC One at 7.30pm. 