ITV weather presenter Ruth Dodsworth, 46, has taken to Twitter to share her concerns ahead of the imminent release of her ex-husband Jonathan Wignall, 55. Ruth has admitted she has fitted her house with security alarms, as Jonathan may be released early, serving only half of his three-year sentence. Jonathan subjected his ex-partner to a nine-year campaign of controlling abuse. The pair were married for 18 years, with Jonathan pleading guilty to coercive behaviour and stalking last year, which resulted in him being handed a lifetime restraining order. He was given a three-year sentence, and is suspected to only serve half. Ruth took to Twitter to express her concern over her ex-husband's release. READ MORE: Rylan told to 'grow up' and stop ‘mincing about' amid Ukraine crisis She said in view of her 36,300 followers: "Exactly 1 year ago today my ex husband pleaded guilty to stalking and #coercivecontrol. "I've spent this aft with @swpolice learning how to protect my home/family ahead of his possible imminent release. (sic) "That's our reality. Alarms everywhere!! It's all good but it's not over." She continued: "He was sentenced to 3yrs and 9mths to run concurrently. Told to severe half minimum. (sic) "Can apply for early release 4.5 mths before the halfway point. This is standard apparently. (sic) "Lifetime restraining order... yes. But that's basically just a piece of paper. He's a dangerous man." Many social media users took to the comments to offer support to the weather presenter. Wikie_harry said: "I hope you can be safe and in time live your new life without having to constantly worry about him, Ruth. DON'T MISS... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [TWITTER] Meryl Streep's daughter admits 'rebelling' against her career [COMMENT] Lorraine Kelly forced to put a stop to nighttime habit with husband [INSIGHT] "After all you've already been through, you more than deserve a life where you can relax and enjoy the company of a family that truly loves you. Take care lovely lady.xxx." Jemsport added: "Really sorry to hear that Ruth. Your honesty and openness about this situation is to be commended and shines a light on how this impacts lives. "I'm really sad to read that you have to take these precautions. It should not be like this." ChelleMayhew commented: "I hope you can go on to live a happy life without constantly feeling like you have to look over your shoulder. "No one should have to live in that way." The former couple met in 2001, a year after Ruth became a weather presenter, and married in 2002. Jonathan's controlling behaviour began around 2010 when the couple moved from Swansea to Cowbridge and she became their main breadwinner when his nightclub business started to fail. But rather than celebrate her success, he grew envious and obsessive, setting alarms to check Ruth's nightly forecasts on TV and calling her dozens of times a day demanding to know where she was and who she was with. He would also turn up to her broadcast locations and demand they eat lunch together, rather than sit in the studio canteen. Jonathan also held control over her phone and would delete contacts he did not like and watch her shower to make sure she wasn't on her phone. He even placed a tracking device under the steering wheel of her car and would slap her if she fell asleep before him at night. After Jonathan, the father of her two children, was sentenced, she appeared on ITV show This Morning to tell her story and to urge other victims to report their own abusers.