Volodymyr Zelensky renewed his appeal to Western forces to provide his country with military support to counter attacks from Russia. President Zelensky accused Moscow of seeking to "erase our country" with its ongoing invasion. He urged his compatriots to speak out against Vladimir Putin's violence as he condemned attacks on the Holocaust memorial of Babi Yar on Tuesday. Footage shared on Sky News showed Mr Zelensky talking with his aides and being informed a precision strike targeting Kyiv's TV tower had also hit the Babi Yar memorial. The Ukrainian president appeared clearly distraught as he listened to the report, saying: "Now Babi Yar? That is Russia. My congratulations." Babi Yar, a ravine on the outskirt of Kyiv, was used during Nazi Germany's campaign against the Soviet Union as an execution and burial site for over 150,000 Jews, Russian prisoners of war, Romanis, and Ukrainian nationalists between 1941 and 1942. He said: "This strike proves that for many people in Russia our Kyiv is absolutely foreign. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "They don't know a thing about Kyiv, about our history. But they all have orders to erase our history, erase our country, erase us all. "We all died again by Babi Yar. Although the world has promised again and again that it will never happen again. "Don't you see what is happening? That's why it is very important now that you, millions of Jews around the world, do not stay silent. Because Nazism is born in silence. Scream about murdering of civilians, scream about murdering of Ukrainians." As he spoke to reporters he also admitted he had been unable to be with his family for days amid reports Russia hired mercenaries in a bid to remove him from power. READ MORE: Russian soldiers heading home ON FOOT en masse as troops desert Putin's invasion   Asked about whether he could meet his wife and two children, he said: "I can't." President Zelensky said he last saw them "before this war" before one of his aides pushed him to correct himself. He said: "No, not before this war, three days ago. In the middle of the war." The Ukrainian leader has won accolades from across the world for his refusal to leave Ukraine despite being offered to evacuate by the United States over the weekend. DON'T MISS:  Putin crumbling as troops reject war and oligarchs seek 'revenge' [REVEAL] 'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship  [INSIGHT] Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [SPOTLIGHT] Ukraine has mounted a fierce resistance against Russia, with suggestions Putin is growing frustrated after expecting a quick take over of his neighbour. A Russian-language account on the Telegram messaging app identified what open-source analysts said appeared to be a Russian TOS-1A thermobaric multiple launch rocket system on a road between Kyiv and the town of Sumy. CNN also reported that a similar weapons system had been identified in Belarus, close to the border with Ukraine. Thermobaric weapons, or vacuum bombs, suck in oxygen from the surrounding air to generate a high-temperature explosion, typically producing a blast wave of a significantly longer duration than that of a conventional explosive. The reports about thermobaric weapons have heightened Western concerns that Putin is steppIng up Russia's military onslaught and could deploy some of the most powerful weapons in Moscow's conventional arsenal to target urban areas, with potentially devastating consequences.