Perri Kiely, who recently announced a partnership with Naked Smoothies in a bid to boost the nation's creativity despite some yawn-inducing early starts, is loving his KISS breakfast show. Since he, Jordan and the pair's dance troupe mates were launched to fame 13 years ago as Diversity, they have been inseparable - and their radio programme is no exception. Following their 2009 win on Britain's Got Talent, the cute curly-haired kid with an impressive mane and a whole host of dance moves captured the hearts of the nation. He also had the opportunity to meet the Queen at the Royal Variety Show, alongside other musical stars such as Lady Gaga, who Perri was captured on camera eyeballing as she arrived in her bright red latex costume. Much has changed since his early rise to fame - but the one thing that has remained constant is his close friendship with Jordan. "I've known Jord for years and years and years now and honestly it's so cool because we spend every day together as it is," he enthused. READ MORE: Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion "Whether we're dancing or we have a day off, I'll be at his or he'll come to mine. "Literally every single second of every single day is spent together so to find another job that allows us to do that is so cool." He added: "[When] we turn up, we're listening to music, we make pranks, we get told off together..."  Though Perri admits he has felt the pressure to mature earlier than an average person of his age, due to the constant work commitments required by fame, the fun and whimsical side to his job makes up for it. He's also been able to fulfil a long-time ambition - interviewing his idol Tom Holland. "Until recently [he was] my dream guest because I'm a big Spiderman fan," Perri explained. "He's been on the show like twice now, so I feel like I need a new one! "I don't even know who that needs to be because that was like my absolute golden ticket and it's happened. I was buzzing!" DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [LATEST] Britney Spears hits back at critics of nude snaps by baring all again [UPDATE] Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks [DEBATE]  However, when probed further, he did admit to relishing the idea of Beyonce performing 'Bootylicious' on his show. "Everyone wants the Queen B," he enthused. "Number one guest, that'd be so sick!" "I'm [also] a big Bruno Mars fan, which means I'm obviously a big Silk Sonic fan," he added. "Bruno Mars and Hans Patrick make this great duo, so if I could get Silk Sonic on the show - job done!" Through it all, he has maintained the importance of companions like Jordan, who make his work life so rewarding. "I guess I'm just really lucky that I've got my close friends around me," he mused. "I can't imagine doing all of this on my own. The fact that I've had all these amazing life experiences and I've been able to share them with these people - I think that's the absolute key of this." Meanwhile early mornings don't deter Perri, even if the job involves 4:30am starts, as he preps the night before - perhaps helped by smoothie snacks from his latest collaboration. Naked Smoothies has partnered with Perri Kiely to empower the nation to boost their mornings and get the best out of every day with the help of Naked Strawberry Zing, a new strawberry and banana smoothie with a zingy twist of raspberry. For more information on the campaign visit their Instagram account.