Manchester United could make as many as five changes for tonight’s Champions League showdown with Atletico Madrid. The Red Devils go into the game looking to book their place in the quarter-finals of the competition. So Express Sport will now take a look at how Ralf Rangnick’s team are expected to line up. United suffered a Covid scare over the weekend when David De Gea appeared to test positive. However, in the end, it was ultimately a false positive with the Spain international then starting their 3-2 win over Tottenham. With De Gea fit and healthy, he’ll be starting between the sticks at Old Trafford. That means Dean Henderson, who had been hoping to start against Spurs, having to make do with a place on the bench. It’s been a rough campaign for the England international, with both Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer reluctant to give him much game time. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Diogo Dalot didn’t do a lot wrong against Tottenham and, therefore, should retain his place in the side at right-back. Likewise Raphael Varane, who continues to be a calming presence at centre-back. For the match with Spurs, United went with Alex Telles at left-back. However, with Luke Shaw now fit and training again, the England international will likely come into the team. Harry Maguire toiled against Spurs and, on a night where the Red Devils desperately need to win, it’s feasible Victor Lindelof will come into the side to partner Varane instead. That would be a gamble but Rangnick has shown he’s got the strong-mindedness to make changes of such magnitude throughout his brief spell in the dugout so far. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United went with a midfield trident of Fred, Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba for the game against Tottenham. However, while Fred impressed, Matic and Pogba failed to catch the eye. United were without Bruno Fernandes but he’s now training again, suggesting there’s a chance he’ll play against Atletico. Likewise Scott McTominay, who was snapped being put through his paces at Carrington on Monday. Fernandes, McTominay and Fred may be the way for Rangnick to go as he looks to steer his side into the last eight. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Marcus Rashford was given the chance to silence his critics when Rangnick picked him on Saturday night. But it was another flat display from the England international, who continues to look a shadow of his usual self. Therefore, Anthony Elanga may come into the team. That would mean Cristiano Ronaldo playing through the middle, having notched 25 times against Diego Simeone’s team in the past. And, on the left wing, Jadon Sancho is primed to be unleashed with the former Borussia Dortmund star currently back in form. United’s Champions League campaign got off to a poor start with a 2-1 defeat to Young Boys. However, they then proceeded to beat Villarreal and Atalanta with Ronaldo scoring dramatic late winners in both matches. United also beat Villarreal on the road, while drawing with Atalanta and Young Boys to top the group. Then, against Atletico Madrid last time out, they weren’t at their swashbuckling best. Yet they were able to earn a draw with Elanga cancelling out Joao Felix’s thunderbolt header.