Former newsreader Louise Minchin has taken to Instagram to tease fans with a new career move, six months following her exit from BBC Breakfast. The star, 53, shared the exciting news with her fans, just days after her first Push Your Peak podcast aired. In view of her 128,000 followers, the former newsreader told how she is planning to reveal all in the next few days. Louise wrote in her stories: "And final stop of the day, a voiceover, for a documentary I have been making, I will tell you more about it later this week." (sic) Louise's post comes weeks after she congratulated a former colleague after her move away from one of the BBC's flagship shows. At the end of last month, Newsnight host Emily Maitlis announced that she was stepping away from the BBC after 20 years with the broadcaster. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen admits ‘feeling of helplessness’ The Newsnight presenter and the BBC’s former North America editor Jon Sopel announced their decision to quit in order to join the media group Global, which owns LBC. Louise took to Twitter last night where she gave her thoughts on Emily’s choice to leave the broadcaster after two decades. It came as the latter announced her news in a series of tweets to her 456,600 followers. Tagging Jon, 62, and Dino Sofos, who is the founder of audio production company Persephonica, she expressed her excitement at starting a new chapter of her career. “Some work news,” Emily wrote, “@BBCJonSopel and I are going to launch a brand new podcast with @Global, exec produced by @dinosofos. “It’s an amazing opportunity to do something we all love, and we are so thrilled Global is giving us this opportunity to be big and ambitious with this project. “@dinosofos has been the powerhouse behind Brexitcast, Newscast and Americast, and we are delighted his new company @persephonica will be producing this major new podcast with Global. “Nevertheless, it will be a wrench to leave the BBC after 20 phenomenal years. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams 'monster' Putin for 'attacking women and children' [ANALYSIS]Chemmy Alcott on family 'nightmare' behind-the-scenes of Ski Sunday [UPDATE] “I am so grateful for the opportunities I’ve had there. “More than anything I’m grateful to have worked with the most incredible people - many of whom are dear friends. “I owe my BBC colleagues everything,” Emily concluded. In response to Emily’s first tweet about joining Global, Louise sent her former colleague her best wishes. “Congratulations,” Louise tweeted out, with three clapping emojis. Louise waved goodbye to her colleagues on BBC Breakfast on September 15 last year after almost 20 years of working on the show. Since then, the presenter has gone on to appear in I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! and has also joined the world of podcasting with a new series called Push Your Peak. She also announced she will be releasing a brand new book based on women's challenges in sport after stepping down from BBC Breakfast.