In a poll that ran from midday on Wednesday, March 16 to midday on Thursday, March 17, Express.co.uk asked its readers: “Should the UK just refuse to pay any more to the EU for Brexit bills?” A whopping 12,019 people voted, with more than 1,000 comments left below the accompanying article in a lively debate about the relationship between the UK and EU in a post-Brexit world. Overwhelmingly, readers said “yes”, it’s time the UK stopped making payments to the EU, with 89 percent (10,678) choosing that option. A further 11 percent (1,297 people) said “no”, the tap shouldn’t just be turned off, while 44 people said they didn’t know. In the comments, it was clear that Britons feel concerned about their own financial wellbeing. On Wednesday, Express.co.uk revealed that billions of pounds will be paid to EU civil servants until 2064. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Truss 'ready' to torpedo hated deal from NEXT WEEK  This, coupled with the fact that Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak is set to break a Tory manifesto and suspend the ‘triple lock’ protecting pensions, hit a nerve with readers. Username Shotorod said: “Britain can't even afford to pay its own pensioners after we have paid in for all of our lives!” And username Ross36 wrote: “We find our state pension triple lock has been 'temporarily' suspended and although inflation is set to hit 7.5 percent… “Meanwhile you ask if we should keep funding the EU for another 42 years – while a lot of that expense is billions and billions of pounds to fund the pensions of the pen pushers in Brussels, it won't even benefit EU member states. “Of course we should stop paying. What kind of deal is this?”  Others simply said it was time to stop paying the EU now the UK is no longer a member, regardless of the situation at home. Username Positivity simply said: “No more gravy train - we are no longer members of the EU.” And username Imppy55 agreed: “That's a no brainer, of course we should stop paying money to the EU.” Username Proudtobebritish offered a solution: “Use the money on the UK, not the EU." DON'T MISS: Brexit POLL: Has Ukraine crisis proven Brexit success? [VOTE]Ask Ben Habib YOUR burning Brexit questions HERE [Q&A]Nancy Pelosi issues direct threat to Brexit Britain [REPORT]  They went on: “This should have happened as soon as we had left, no excuses. “Just poor negotiating skills from those who were bent on keeping the UK shackled forever!” While Londonlady1965 wrote: “I thought the whole point of leaving was to stop our money going to the EU and building up Britain?” And username theoldone added, with a touch of sarcasm: “We believe that Brexit meant that the UK leaving the EU.   Instead it has ended like a bad divorce where your partner demands the house, the car – and they want maintenance as well!” Others offered another plan: withholding payments until the situation in Northern Ireland – beset by problems from being the only part of the UK still subject to rules of the single market – is resolved. Username BobPage wrote: “UK should withhold all payments until the Act of Union and the Good Friday Agreement are re-instated and Northern Ireland is a full member of the UK again.” And username Brian at home added: “We should hold all payments until Northern Ireland is sorted out.” 