The property market has enjoyed a bumper two years - but as the cost of living crisis threatens UK households with heinous bills and skyrocketing inflation, it’s predicted the booming housing market will take a hit sooner or later. Jonathan Rolande, from the National Association of Property Buyers, said surging costs meant the continued growth many were expecting will no longer happen. He predicted average house prices will now dip under the rate of inflation – effectively meaning a real-terms reduction. He said: “Had it not been for the cost-of-living crisis and the impact of world events, 2022 would have been a bumper year for the property market with cheap, easily accessible mortgages and no let-up in buyer demand. “However, 2022 isn’t shaping up as many had hoped and instead of a potential four percent to six percent rise this year, we will likely see much reduced growth, nationally of around two percent to three percent. “This is lower in fact than general inflation will be, so in real terms, this a reduction. London prime residential will take a near instant hit thanks to sanctions on wealthy Russians.”  READ MORE: Why now is the ‘best ever’ time to sell your property However, what has been a sellers dream is certainly not going to turn into a buyers market anytime soon. House prices have still been rising in recent months, despite plateaued growth being predicted for the new year. A mass shortage of supplies needed to build new homes, as well as the Stamp Duty holiday brought in during the pandemic, have all caused house prices to inflate astronomically. The full brunt of the cost of living crisis is also yet to be felt, with the National Insurance tax rise and new energy price cap taking effect from April.  Further dismay is expected in October, when some experts predict the price cap will rise to £3,000 per year - potentially leading to many prospective buyers hunkering down and waiting for the crisis to end. Becky O’Connor, Head of Pensions and Savings, interactive investor, told Express.co.uk: “The spike in rises is sharp and steep – it’s almost vertical. “A generation has grown up having never experienced price rises like this and the pain is far from over. “Lifestyle changes alone aren’t going to cut it when it comes to minimising the pain: going out has become more expensive, staying in has become more expensive, basic foods even in the value ranges, are pricier.  DON'T MISSWhat does Rishi Sunak's Spring Statement mean for your mortgage? [EXPLAINER]How can I get a mortgage with bad credit? [INSIGHT]Property: The ‘overlooked’ house features that homeowners need [ANALYSIS] “At least people can turn the heating off, giving some respite from energy bill rises – until winter hits, when energy bills look set to be astronomical. “Anyone on low, fixed incomes, such as pensioners, will be flung into poverty and debt struggles without further immediate help from the Government. “They can expect some help – whether it is enough remains to be seen. Mr Rolande said: “As for buyers, owning is a long-term commitment and house-hunters must be willing to take downs as well as ups. “There are still very cheap mortgages available so whatever happens to prices, the per month cost will still be lower than usual. “The good news for sellers is that all the signs are there are plenty of buyers for every property and prices holding firm for now so it is still a great time to sell. “But there’s no doubt that mortgages will become more expensive and harder to obtain in the coming months as interest rates look set to rise and the cost of living crisis forces lenders to look more closely at personal outgoings when calculating affordability. “The majority of homeowners are already at a fixed rate so the immediate effects will be felt by new buyers.”