Aries is the first of twelve zodiac signs and encompasses those born between March 21 and April 19. Astrology experts divulge what Aries, also known as the Ram, can expect for their romantic path, and what to do if you love an Aries. If you’re expecting a quiet and calm love life with Aries, you have another thing coming. “Hot and stormy” by nature, this sign gravitates towards tempestuous relationships. According to horoscope.com: “They're a combination of confidence and passion combined with temper and petulance. Aries loves a “whirlwind romance”, and while many try their best to “tame” them, only one will be successful. READ MORE: Full Moon rituals: The 3 ways to celebrate tonight’s Full Moon Indeed, the “wildly flirtatious fire sign” will probably play the field, but when love sets in, “it's generally for life” and they will be loyal to a fault throughout the relationship. When Aries meets that special someone, they will show “three subtle signs” to show that they’re playing for keeps. Aries, if you find yourself wanting to introduce your partner to your family and inner circle, you are probably in love. “When they let you in, it's a sign that they see you as someone they could settle down with.” If Aries is anything, it’s “ultra-ambitious”, and this sign won’t let anyone get in the way of their dreams. So, when Aries starts asking for career advice, what they’re truly asking is how your five-year-plan will factor into theirs. Adventurous Aries enjoys a holiday where they can explore their inner adrenaline junkie, and they “never need a plus one”, so if Aries starts booking two plane tickets rather than one, things are getting serious. Horoscope.com stated: “It's a sign that they're sussing out whether you can keep up.” Aries’ best romantic prospects are Gemini, Libra, Sagittarius and Taurus. “Smart, mysterious, and up for anything, Gemini's deep personality keeps Aries endlessly intrigued, while Gemini loves Aries' no-holds-barred approach to life. “Balanced and low-key, Libra can rein Aries in, encouraging them to reflect on their deeper self, which can sometimes be hard to do on their own.” As for a Sagittarius and Aries pairing, these two are expert debaters and “all about action and honesty”. “Fights will likely be stormy, but since both signs are honest, they'll at least know where the other stands.” Aries may initially be bored or “exasperated” by calm and “rational” Taurus, but if they can get past this, “they may just find a match that will show them how good (and steamy!) slow and steady can be”. Stubborn Aries’ best bet for finding love is to open their mind to alternative viewpoints and be prepared to listen to them. “A Ram's mind goes a million miles a minute, and slowing down for others can be excruciating. But when it comes to maintaining relationships, Aries must learn to adapt and embrace other ways of doing, being, and seeing.”