The Middleton’s Party Pieces have launched a new party collection with an ocean theme, which manages to be both royal and environmentally friendly. The collection partners with Big Ocean Cleanup to create sustainable ocean-themed party supplies decorated with sharks and mermaids, with the rather regal title ‘King and Queen of the Sea’. The collection offers cups, plates, napkins, hats, gift bags and more for children’s parties. Sharing a statement on the Party Pieces Instagram, Ms Middleton said: “I am excited to be supporting the incredible work that Big Blue Ocean Cleanup does to protect our oceans. “At Party Pieces we want to make it easier for people to celebrate consciously - our new sustainably-sourced ranges help to protect the planet without compromising on the magic of parties.”  The Big Ocean Cleanup is a non-profit organisation that aims to rid the oceans of plastic through developing technological clean up systems. Carole Middleton was inspired to start her Party Pieces company after planning for Kate’s fifth birthday party. She previously said to the Daily Mail that she was disappointed in the basic range of children’s party supplies in shops.  READ MORE: Damning royal poll results expose crumbling support base She said: “All I could find were basic clown plates. “I realised there was a gap in the market for partyware that wasn’t too expensive and which looked good, so [I] decided to design my own. “I took some prototypes to various High Street retailers and was turned away.” However she has since managed to make her company a success, with her children Kate, Pippa and James all working for Party Pieces at some point.  DON'T MISS:Highgrove House: Inside Camilla and Charles' royal residence [REVEAL]Queen's engagement cancelled: Liz Truss tells royals to scrap event [ROYAL NEWS]Royal Family: Harry and Meghan told to SUE [SPOTLIGHT] She added: “My children continue to inspire me and, as they have grown up, our brand has evolved. “They say if you do a job you enjoy, you don’t work a day in your life, and I truly feel like that.” Carole and her husband Michael are now grandparents to five children - the three Cambridge children and Pippa Middleton’s son and daughter. Her son James Middleton married financial analyst Alizee Thevenet in 2021. 