Harry Potter author JK Rowling has sparked backlash on social media after hitting out at Chair of the Labour Party, Anneliese Dodds, over her party's definition of a woman on International Women's Day. Taking to Twitter, the best-selling author, 56, claimed that the Labour MP, 43, was delivering mixed messages over the definition following her appearance on BBC's Woman's Hour on the same day. In view of her 13.9 million followers, Rowling fired back at a video Labour MP Anneliese Dodds tweeted on International Women's Day. The author wrote: "This morning you told the British public you literally can't define what a woman is. "What's the plan, lift up random objects until you find one that rattles?" In the clip, the Labour MP "celebrated the victories women have won in the fight for equality" before promising to "lift women up". READ MORE: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star She captioned the post: "Labour will lift women up, not hold them back. "Because we are the party of equality. #IWD2022" Rowling's tweet came as the Chair of the Labour Party appeared on BBC's Women's Hour on Tuesday. The politician spoke to host Emma Barnett about what "Labour's definition of a woman" is. Dodds said: "Well, I have to say that there are different definitions legally around what a woman actually is. "I mean, you look at the definition within the Equality Act, and I think it just says someone who is adult and female, I think, but then doesn’t see how you define either of those things. "I mean, obviously, that’s then you’ve got the biological definition, legal definition." As the BBC host pushed her to provide more clarity on the definition, Doods replied: "Oh, I think with respect, Emma, I think it does depend what the context is surely. I mean surely that is important here. DON'T MISS... BBC Radio 1’s Greg James stunned amid co-star's surprise announcement [UPDATE]Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [ANALYSIS] "You know, there are people who have decided that they have to make that transition. "You know, I’ve spoken with many of them. It’s been a very difficult process for many of those people," she added. "And you know, understandably because they live as a woman, you know, they want to be defined as a woman.’ Earlier in the day, Rowling had also tweeted: "Apparently, under a Labour government, today will become We Who Must Not Be Named Day." Following her reply to the Labour MP, social media users were quick to weigh in on the exchange. Twitter user penned: "@walruslives40 You really want your legacy to die on this hill, @jk_rowling?" Rowling was quick to hit back: "Yes, sweetheart. I'm staying right here on this hill, defending the right of women and girls to talk about themselves, their bodies and their lives in any way they damn well please. "You worry about your legacy, I'll worry about mine," she added, alongside a winking face emoji.