Strictly Come Dancing Russian pros Luba Mushtuk and Katya Jones have stayed silent following the actions of Russian President Vladimir Putin against Ukraine. Their silence has been perceived as "bad taste" amongst others in their circle. Fellow colleagues Nadiya Bychkova and Nikita Kuzmin are both Ukrainian. Since the ongoing war Putin set out against Ukraine, many celebrities have been coming forward and sharing their support to help the people of Ukraine. Many have praised the bravery of those fleeing the horrors taking place in their home country, donated large sums of money in tribute. However, Luba and Katya, who are of Russian descent and appear alongside Nadiya and Nikita on the BBC, have been blasted for their silence during the war. Ex-professional dancer James Jordan recently hit out at his former colleagues on Twitter and revealed he was "disappointed" in their silence. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one He wrote: "I don’t see many of the Russian dancers I know and have even shared the Strictly dance floor with them openly speaking out about the war against Ukraine. "But are still promoting themselves on social media - very disappointed, they know who they are - not one post about it." (sic) A source from Strictly told The Sun: "Tensions are high, and there’s a lot of strong feeling about this. “Some of the dancers would want producers to make a decision and say, ‘You can’t come back for the next series." According to the source, both Luba and Katya are unaware of the feelings their colleagues have towards their silence. "Some of the professionals feel it’s in bad taste to have them on the show, i’s been discussed among a group of them, and they are concerned about it affecting the programme and causing a backlash. "Given they’re on the biggest show on television, they are already open to criticism, and they worry that this would only invite controversy. "Other parts of the industry are shunning Russians, and it’s been suggested that Strictly does the same, there’s a feeling that it would not be appropriate for them to return,” they added. DON'T MISS...Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [INSIGHT]Strictly’s Nikita details ‘heartbreaking’ call with his grandparents [LATEST]Incredible video of President Zelensky on Ukraine's Strictly [WATCH]  Some of the pros feel it isn't Luba and Katya's fault where they were born and had mixed opinions of what show producers should do. Express.co.uk approached BBC, but they declined to comment at this time. Nikita posted an image of the Ukrainian flag on his Instagram and simply captioned it: "Heartbreaking." He also posted an image of himself picking up his grandmother from Poland after escaping Kyiv. He wrote an emotional caption, adding: "She travelled from Kyiv, my mom flew from Rome, and I drove from Frankfurt, and we all reunited in Krakow! Just so happy to be together ps: heart and sunglasses covering the lack of sleep. "Unfortunately still have my aunt, grandma and grandpa in Kyiv." Luba is relatively new to the series, only joining in 2018 and not making it past the second week after being partnered with James Cracknell and Jason Bell. Katya, however, won the 2017 series with Holby City actor Joe McFadden and formed part of the first same-sex female couple with boxer Nicola Adams in 2020. Strictly Come Dancing is set to return later this year.