Snow and hail showers are expected to bring icy surfaces and potential travel chaos as the bitter chill makes its way down the UK. The Met Office extended its yellow ice warning on Thursday.   A spell of unsettled weather is on the way for much of the country this week, with the Met Office forecasting rain showers and a possible mix of sleet and snow mainly on high ground in the north. Forecasters predict parts of eastern England will be affected by icy patches and snowfall with hail showers pushing into East Anglia. This could lead to small amounts of snow to build up in places as well as some icy stretches. The Met Office warning covers the north-east of Essex, including Colchester, Manningtree and Harwich.    Areas in the north of England, including West Yorkshire, have already experienced snowy conditions with people waking up to snow on roofs, trees and the ground. Dry and mild weather associated with the high-pressure system dominating the country last week has shifted as colder Arctic air pushes south across most of the country. Wintry showers are forecast for many areas on Thursday and into Friday, especially in the north and east. The Met Office says snow will eventually become increasingly confined to higher ground, with rain more likely at low levels, although an odd flurry of sleet or snow cannot be ruled out.  READ MORE ABOUT THE HOMES FOR UKRAINE SCHEME  Accompanying the sleet and snow is a drop in temperatures which many places have been experiencing. Isolated rural areas in the north of Scotland could see temperatures as low as –8C later this week with sub-zero temperatures possible overnight for much of the UK. A spokesperson for the Met Office warned that more weather warnings could be issued for Friday morning. Meteorologist Matty Box said there was currently a cold air mass over the UK.  DON'T MISS: Kadyrov brags about Ukraine conflict but online post put him in Russia [REVEALED] Russian conscripts unleash fury at leaders [LATEST] Putin humiliation as Russian troops are ‘switching sides’ to join [REPORT]  He said: "There is an ice warning out at the moment. If there's any melt and it refreezes over night then there's an ice risk. "I suspect there will be a similar risk for Thursday night to Friday morning." He added that there will be a similar chance of snow over Thursday night and Friday morning as well. Mr Box said: "It will be concentrated and there will be snow showers. It will be eastern and northern areas of the UK that are more likely to see any showers of rain, sleet or snow." The weather is then expected to improve over the weekend with some sunny spells.     Temperatures fell below freezing on Wednesday night through to Thursday morning with councils issuing emergency protocols to deal with the sudden change. Local authorities in Newcastle City, North Tyneside and Gateshead all introduced their severe weather measures on Wednesday night, which included services to help rough sleepers. Commercial director at Green Flag, Mark Newberry, urged drivers to take extra care when setting off on their journeys. Roads are blocked and there are reports of major delays on the M62 in West Yorkshire due to snow. Snow has also been falling in some areas of Nottinghamshire as temperatures plummeted following the recent sunny spells.   The Met Office has said the weather will remain unsettled over the Easter period with some speculation among members of the public about thundersnow. This rare phenomenon happens when thunderstorms form in wintry conditions. If the weather is cold, the rain associated with a thunderstorm can fall as snow, giving rise to the term thundersnow. Eleanor Bell, principal meteorologist at The Weather Channel, said: "There needs to be an upward motion for the thunder to develop, warmer air trying to rise under colder air. "It is less common than normal thunderstorms because it occurs in the colder months of the year when the air close to the ground is cold enough to produce snow."