As the hours and minutes tick down before the energy price cap jumps 54 percent at midnight, Eon, EDF, Scottish Power, Shell, British Gas and SSE are all experiencing issues. USwitch has offered advice for anyone worried about this issue. Following Martin Lewis taking to the airwaves today to urge Britons to submit a meter reading, many of the big energy firms have reported website issues. The Money Saving Expert appeared on This Morning earlier and took to Twitter to remind people that today is ‘meter reading day’ as everyone’s energy bills are rising by 54 percent from April 1. Soon after reports started flooding through that people couldn’t update their readings on websites including Eon, EDF, Scottish Power, British Gas and SSE. Justina Miltienyte, head of policy at Uswitch.com, urged people not to panic. READ MORE: Martin Lewis' alert to take meter readings before 'catastrophic' rise She said: “If you do not have a smart meter, it is important to take and submit your meter readings before 1st April to provide a concrete record for you and your provider of how much energy was used prior to the price rise, and to avoid them estimating your usage. “As the hours tick down towards the jump in energy prices, thousands of people have been trying to give their supplier a meter reading to ensure they don’t pay any more than they need to. “Several suppliers seem to be struggling to cope with the deluge of meter readings, and we’ve had reports of some providers’ websites being unable to accept readings or even let customers log in. “If you’re unable to submit your meter reading online right now, don’t panic as website issues are often temporary." She continued: "Try again later today or take a photo of your reading with a date stamp visible in the image as evidence. "Your supplier may offer other ways to submit readings, so have a look at the recent communications they’ve sent you to find further details.” The Octopus Energy CEO Greg Jackson has assured customers that they can backdate meter readings if customers cannot submit them today. He wrote on Twitter: “ To all the conspiracy theorists… No energy companies have taken meter readings offline. Right now, we have 2500 calls waiting. On a normal busy day, it'd be 150. “Yesterday, we increased the number of servers we us by 250 percent to help with the expected load.” The Octopus Energy Twitter page has also posted saying: Chat about #MeterReadingDay means loads of people on our variable tariff Flexible Octopus are trying to add readings via phone & our site right now, so both are slower than usual. There’s no rush to add readings.” DON'T MISS:'Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill [INSIGHT]State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less [WARNING]State pension: Six increases will take place from next month [UPDATE] Britons are being urged to take a reading today as from April 1, Ofgem will increase the price cap by 54 percent which will see the average household’s bill rise by almost £700. Martin Lewis wants to make sure that people aren’t charged the higher rate for their energy used so far this year. Millions of people take heed of his valuable tips which may be why the energy firms' websites have crashed. Earlier on This Morning, the Money Saving Expert suggested there may be a further rise in energy bills, calling the situation ‘catastrophic'. He predicted that in October Britons are likely to see another 25 percent rise in the price cap. Mr Lewis said: “People are going to need more help or there are potentially devastating consequences for many people in this country on the lowest incomes.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea April’s increased energy cap on energy bills is the biggest rise since Ofgem introduced the cap in 2019. Gillian Cooper, head of energy policy at Citizens Advice, urged people not to suffer in silence. She said: “If you’re struggling to pay your bill, speak to your energy provider as they have to help you. “Citizens Advice can also provide you with free, independent support.” Should people find their direct debits are going up by more than 54 percent, Martin Lewis has shed light on the action he suggests people take. It came after he told the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) Committee: “There is no reason to double someone’s direct debit when they’re in credit and the price cap is going up 54 percent."