The fifth and final season of The Last Kingdom landed on Netflix earlier this month and it followed Uhtred of Bebbanburg's (played by Alexander Dreymon) journey to reclaim his throne. Although the series came to an end, the stars of the show took to Instagram to open up about their feelings after wrapping the show’s upcoming movie spin-off, Seven Kings Must Die.  For five seasons, fans watched the brutal, violent and gripping mission Uhtred had to undertake in order to reclaim a throne which was rightfully his. By the finale, he succeeded and, although the series had come to a close, there was more to his story. The Last Kingdom was the onscreen adaptation of Bernard Cornwell's novel series The Saxon Stories, with the final season based on his books Warriors of the Storm and The Flame Bearer. However, while the cast was filming, the author proceeded to write three more novels which continued Uhtred's story.  READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show Executive producer Nigel Marchant decided to end the TV show after five seasons, although he knew about the three additional novels. Merchant revealed: “Fairly early on when we spoke to Netflix about the fifth season, obviously season four had done really well and we were really pleased it was in the top 10. “In terms of season five, we felt these two central strands of the story were coming together and it was the natural point to finish the TV series. “Over the five seasons there was a very definite beginning, middle and end, so it was a group decision that we came to.”  Speaking on the three novels, War of the Wolf, Swords of Kings and War Lord, Merchant continued: “So we did start to talk to Netflix fairly early about whether we could tell that end piece of the jigsaw so that it would feel complete. “And it was felt that the movie version was the right format to do that.” Thankfully for fans, stars of the show Dreymon and Eliza Butterworth who portrayed Queen Aelswith of Wessex revealed to Instagram they had officially wrapped filming for the highly anticipated movie. Butterworth re-shared a cast and crew group photo onto her stories, with a caption which read: “Wooowww it is truly an end of an era!  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? [THEORY]What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom: Why Aelswith was the 'forgotten' lady of Wessex [INSIGHT] “Yesterday was the last ever day of filming on [The Last Kingdom] as they completed the film spin-off Seven Kings Must Die.” Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon posted a video on his Instagram page detailing his emotions on the last day, whilst standing outside his trailer. He took to the caption to thank supporters: “That’s a wrap on [The Last Kingdom], on Seven Kings Must Die, and on Uhtred, son of Uhtred. “As you can tell, I’m slightly out of it, exhausted and overwhelmed.  “Overwhelmed with gratitude for everyone who has gotten us to this point…our cast and crew, [Carnival Films] & [NBC] and, of course, all of you. “Thank you [Netflix] for allowing us to travel all the way to Bebbanburg and beyond.” The actor concluded: “I feel so lucky that I got to live part-time in Uhtred's skin for so many years. From the bottom of my heart, thank you all.” As Seven Kings Must Die has just recently wrapped, a release date has yet to be announced, however, it was revealed the movie special would last two hours. The movie could finally give fans an insight into the whereabouts of Uhtred’s third child Osbert and delve into where he got to in the fourth season. The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix. 