  Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen has shared an emotional post with her 192,000 Twitter followers today about the children of Ukraine. The shepherdess showed videos of her own children happily playing on the farm, saying that this was “how it should be”.      Amanda, 47, shared a sweet video compilation of her children enjoying the outdoors at Ravenseat farm today. The short clip showed them riding ponies, cycling through shallow streams, leaping from small boulders and playing on swings. The proud mum captioned her post: “The runners & riders, jumpers & recyclers.” “What children should be doing, not under attack & fearful for their lives,” she added with a tearful emoji, followed by a Ukrainian flag. READ MORE: Martin Lewis issues warning after addressing 'dangerous' issue      She also added a series of hashtags, which she concluded with “#howitshouldbe”. According to reports, at least 38 Ukrainian children have died as a result of Russia’s ongoing invasion of their homeland. The United Nations has so far been able to confirm the deaths of 406 Ukrainian civilians overall. In the comments section, many people shared Amanda’s heartache over the brutal conflict.      Maria Foster wrote: “You're so right. It breaks my heart to see them in Ukraine. “The video of that young girl singing frozen in the bomb shelter had me in tears. What a cruel world we live in. “Are you coming back to our TV screens this year? Seeing your posts is uplifting in this cruel world.” “Absolutely agree with you. Childhood should all be about having adventures, friendships and being free to explore different things,” Kim Nicholls commented with a tearful emoji. READ MORE... Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [NEWS]      “Everything that those children are being denied, so sad.” (sic) Jill Bastock penned: “It’s a wicked world and breaks my heart that some children do not have the freedom to live life like your lovely children, treasure their moments.” (sic) Referring to Amanda’s daughter Clemmy, who could be seen riding a pony in the clip, Jan Darcy added: “It’s actually so heartbreaking poor children, it is how it should be just look how free she is. “My heart breaks for all those children in Ukraine xx.” (sic)       Amanda’s family star in Our Yorkshire Farm, a popular show on Channel 5. The documentary series follows the lives of Amanda and her husband Clive Owen, 67, as they grapple with the everyday realities of farm living. The couple share nine children in total, including, Raven, 21, Reuben, 18, Miles, 15, Edith, 13, Violet, 11, Sidney, 10, Annas, eight, Clemmy, six, and Nancy, five. The latest season of Our Yorkshire Farm is available to stream on My5 now.   