Adding to the law on helmets, calls are also being made to limit the speed the two-wheeled electric powered mode of transport can travel at. The inquiry suggested capping the maximum speed to 12.5mph in moves designed to reduce accidents and promote the safety of scooter riders, pedestrians and road users alike.  The law also says riding on footpaths or carrying passengers would become a criminal offence. The inquiry follows an investigation by the Parliamentary Advisory Council for Transport Safety (PACTS), which found 15 people, including 11 in 2021 alone, died in incidents involving the illegal use of private e-scooters. In 20 percent of reported accidents, other road users were injured by people riding on e-scooters. Around 40 percent of collisions involved serious injuries to one or more parties, including head injuries and fractures to bones. More than half of the riders involved in accidents were younger people. The report found many were under 29 years old, with nearly 30 percent aged 10 to 19.  David Davies, PACTS’s executive director, said: “The Government should act now to curb dangerous and illegal use. “Even if the Government decides on the way forward soon, legislation will not take effect until sometime next year. “They should take this opportunity to gather evidence and consult widely – something which should have happened before the rental trials started but were curtailed by the pandemic.” Over one million e-scooters have been imported into the United Kingdom.  Opinion on the form of transport is split. Pedestrians and motorists alike have vented frustration at their use on public pavements and roads, in particular in built-up areas where footfall and traffic is high. On the other hand, users of the device argue the eco-friendly form of transport does not cause pollution and is more efficient than running a vehicle. However, the use of scooters is in fact illegal in public places. Private e-scooters can only be used lawfully on private land, with users facing fines, points on their licence and even seizure of their machines if they take them on public roads or pavements. The only scooters allowed on public highways are those available through official rental schemes.  DON'T MISS:Motorists face paying £100 to fill up family car [REVEAL]Free range eggs to be re-labelled from MONDAY [REPORT]David Cameron reveals he's driving to Poland for Red Cross [INSIGHT] Despite this, thousands of private e-scooters were purchased and given as Christmas gifts this year, leading to fears there will be more accidents. Last year, the Metropolitan Police seized more than 3,600 private e-scooters in London. The introduction of helmets on the devices is one of the main changes being demanded. A report found hospitals were treating increasing numbers of casualties with severe head injuries incurred at a very high rate relative to the distance travelled. PACTS said academic studies had shown instabilities caused by an e-scooter’s design posed a risk to riders.  It recommended minimum sizes for wheels, of 12 inches at the front and 10 inches at the back. Lighting and an audible warning device should be mandatory, as should two independently controlled braking devices, one acting on the front wheel and one acting on the rear wheel, said PACTS. The report also suggested using mobile phones while riding e-scooters should come with similar punishments as those using phones while driving. The recommendations have been presented to the Department for Transport (DfT), along with demands for comprehensive Government analysis of e-scooter use, including casualty rates, and an in-depth study of fatal and serious collisions. 