In February, house prices grew by a further 1.7 percent, and the average house price for the typical UK home is now more than £260,000 for the first time. Despite house sales starting to slow, house prices are continuing to rise. Over the last 12 months, the average UK home has gone up in value by £29,162. According to Nationwide, this is the largest ever annual increase in cash terms since the bank started its monthly index 31 years ago in 1991. Robert Gardner, Nationwide’s chief economist, said: “The continued buoyancy of the housing market is a little surprising, given the mounting pressure on household budgets from rising inflation ... the squeeze on household incomes has led to a significant weakening of consumer confidence.” He continued: “Housing affordability has already become more stretched, in part because house price growth has been outstripping earnings growth by a wide margin since the pandemic struck.  READ MORE: Fury at 'faceless' second homeowners 'ruining' UK seaside village “The price of a typical home is now equivalent to 6.7 times average earnings, up from 5.8 in 2019.” Demand for housing grew during the pandemic as borrowing costs remained low and buyers rushed to take advantage of stamp duty tax breaks. But now, the fierce nature of the current market has proved a nightmare for buyers but a paradise for sellers, who are seeing their properties sell for well over asking prices up and down the country. A severe shortage of new homes is also pushing the market upwards, and despite rising interest rates and soaring inflation, many haven’t been put off buying as recent data shows. Experts have been shocked by the buoyancy of the market, with many believing the plateau in prices would have begun by now. Pete Mugleston, MD and Mortgage Expert at www.onlinemortgageadvisor.co.uk, told Express.co.uk: “With the average cost of a UK home topping £260,000 for the first time, rising by nearly £30,000 over the past 12-months, the biggest annual cash increase the monthly index has been recorded in more than 30 years. “The industry continues to break record highs month-on-month, coming as no surprise as we’ve seen the property market consistently skyrocket throughout the pandemic, which hasn’t shown any signs of slowing.  DON'T MISSAverage UK house price exceeds £260k for the first time [REPORT]Energy bills: The flooring that could slash 10 percent off energy bill [INSIGHT]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [EXPLAINER] Mr Mugleston believes the market is unlikely to tip in favour of buyers anytime soon. He told Express.co.uk: “We don’t see this changing for a while either, as mortgage approvals continue to run above pre-pandemic levels and with demand still outstripping supply as it currently is, this is subsequently keeping an upward pressure on prices. “On top of this, the rising activity of both buyers and sellers, especially from first-time buyers who don’t want to miss out on the current competitive market and are taking advantage of the Government schemes while they can. The saying goes whatever goes up must come down, but the shockingly resilient market has had some wannabe buyers questioning whether prices will ever return to pre-pandemic levels. Mr Mugleston said: “The buoyancy of the housing market is a little surprising overall, given the mounting pressure from the increasing costs of living, which has meant that many household budgets are tighter, alongside the end of the stamp duty holiday. “These factors led us to suspect the rate to which people are buying houses might start to slow. However, this hasn’t been the case and the industry continues to break record highs every month.”