Royal expert and former advisor of US/UK relations, Lee Cohen, spoke to Express.co.uk about the benefits of the Platinum Jubilee and how it could help wider international relations. Royal weddings and other major events are broadcast across the world with millions tuning in and celebrating British heritage. But Mr Cohen revealed something "ironic" that there is no holiday celebrating America's history with the UK and believed the Platinum Jubilee could focus US audiences on the issue and bolster the relationship between both countries. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Cohen was asked what benefits could be seen from the Platinum Jubilee. He explained: "The Jubilee is an occasion to celebrate a great person and her achievements. "But it is also a reminder for those who would like to forget, and those who were never taught, that, as Americans our heritage, values, and cherished freedoms were born in England and Britain. "In [the US], we celebrate Irish pride, Puerto Rican pride, and commemorate Black History, LGBT history, and many others. "It is ironic, and perhaps telling, that there are no celebrations of our English and British heritage that gave rise to our truly great and unique nation. "I will take the Jubilee as an opportunity to celebrate all that the USA and the Anglosphere owe to our mother country. "The Queen is the living embodiment, not only of that country, but she represents an era through which all of us alive today have lived and thus we are shared celebrants in her momentous anniversary." Mr Cohen was then asked about the Queen's announcement that Camilla would become Queen Consort and how the news was taken in the US.  He said: "The Queen is one of the world’s most respected public figures. She has mastered the art of diplomacy. "She has, if you will, written the playbook on modern royal service which is to remain relevant and popular through service to others rather than by having the spotlight focused on her. "To their credit, with the exception of the errant couple who fled to Montecito, it seems her extended family have taken their queue from Her Majesty on focusing on others rather than making it all about themselves. "Additionally, the Queen did something rather genius in expressing her hopes for Camilla’s status. DON’T MISS'Always hard to get Mia to go' Mike Tindall opens up on struggle daughter 'doesn't like' [LATEST]Prince William’s friends had ‘a problem’ with Kate: ‘Social divide created tensions’  [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS]  "The Queen is an excellent custodian of the monarchy, she has driven its adaptability and is highly motivated that it endures after her great stewardship concludes. "Her support of the Duchess of Cornwall assuming the Queen Consort title paves the way for continuity and stops short any conjecture over what her wishes might be for her successor’s wife." Several events have been planned to mark the Platinum Jubilee including a national baking competition to introduce a dessert dedicated to the milestone. The event is hosted by Fortnum and Mason with finalists being judged by Dame Mary Berry, Monica Galetti and Buckingham Palace Head Chef Mark Flanagan. Most of the celebrations will be held in June with a birthday parade of 1,400 soldiers attending on June 2. The Queen will attend a derby at Epsom Downs and Brits are encouraged to host a "big lunch" on June 5 with their local communities. 