Russian forces have surrounded the southeastern port city from all sides as the illegal invasion of Ukraine enters its eighth day. Moscow's troops are attacking key infrastructure, cutting water and power supplies to the city. One densely populated residential area on the city's left bank has reportedly been nearly totally destroyed after 15 hours of continuous bombardment. Mariupol deputy mayor Serhiy Orlov described the situation as "near to a humanitarian catastrophe". Speaking to the BBC, he said: “The Russian army is working through all their weapons here — artillery, multiple rocket launch systems, airplanes, tactical rockets. "They are trying to destroy the city. We cannot count the number of victims there, but we believe at least hundreds of people are dead. "We cannot go in to retrieve the bodies. My father lives there, I cannot reach him, I don’t know if he is alive or dead.” Under sustained attack, food shortages are appearing in parts of the city, elevating fears of a humanitarian crisis. The Kyiv Independent’s Illia Ponomarenko reports that Mariupol is “cut off from electricity, heating, mobile and internet communications. "It is very hard to get anyone on the phone now. Russians shell it relentlessly.” Increased aerial bombardment across multiple cities, including Kharkiv and Kherson, suggests Putin has shifted tactics. Mariupol is an important strategic target for President Vladimir Putin because capturing it would allow Russian-backed separatist forces in eastern Ukraine to join forces with troops in Crimea. Mr Orlov added: "The Ukrainian army is very brave and they will continue to defend the city but the style of the Russian army is like pirates - they do not fight with their army, they just destroy entire districts. "We believe in our Ukrainian army, but we are in a terrible situation." On Wednesday, Ukraine's emergency services said more than 2,000 civilians had been killed so far during the Russian invasion.  The United Nations (UN) confirmed that at least one million Ukrainians have fled the country. One official warned the violence could lead to “the biggest refugee crisis this century”. Meanwhile, Russian troops have ramped up attacks on Kharkiv - Ukraine's second-largest city - and the port city Kherson. In Kharkiv, a cruise missile hit a city council meeting, obliterating the top of the building and wounding three people.  At least 18 people have died in the city in the past day, but officials fear the real number is higher. Putin has also sustained significant losses, with Ukrainian officials claiming to have killed around 6,000 Russian soldiers. Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksiy Reznikov also claimed the country has destroyed so much of Russia's equipment, that it could help arm several foreign militaries. Speaking in an address, he said: "Our army has already destroyed... so much enemy equipment that it would be possible to arm the armies of several countries. "The capabilities of our armed forces are growing, help is coming. "Fighters showed themselves brilliantly in many areas. Our air aces have already become legends. Paratroopers, infantry, artillery - all prove that Ukrainians are the best. "Our doctors, rescuers, utilities, railways, journalists, financiers are holding their front. "The country has not stopped and is fighting."