Production on the upcoming instalment of Yellowstone has yet to get started, but fans of Taylor Sheridan’s riveting hit series can’t wait to see what’s next for ranch-owner John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) and his family. As the dust settles on yet another jaw-dropping outing for the Paramount drama, the cast has shared their predictions for how the primetime show could conclude. Wes Bentley, best known as Jamie Dutton, doesn’t think Yellowstone will end well for the Dutton family. The neo-Western drama franchise is set to expand even more soon, with at least two more spin-off shows already in the works. However, the main focus of the show is still John, his children, and keeping his highly coveted ranching land away from his growing list of enemies. After a bloody dispute with Jamie’s biological father, Garrett Randall (Will Patton), Wes has opened up about where the series is headed after nearly five years on screens. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series When asked if the series could have a happy ending, he shot back: “Would it be satisfying if it was? Why would we (do that)?” Wes and the rest of the main cast recently met with Justin Kirkland for a lengthy Q&A for the SAG-AFTRA Foundation. As well as revealing some behind-the-scenes know-how from Yellowstone’s latest season, they were able to share a few hints for what’s in store in the show’s future. “The thing about Taylor is he’s always surprising us with his ideas,” Wes continued. The Yellowstone regular gave his character’s ongoing feud with his sister Beth (Kelly Reilly) as a prime example of the showrunner’s signature twists and turns. He explained: “We had no idea what the actual rift between us was, but he still had the ability to take us there anyway. “Whatever he comes up with is going to be great. But I have no idea. It very well could be a happy ending.” The Duttons’ chances of happiness were made even slimmer by the end of season four, which concluded with Jamie completely under Beth’s control. DON'T MISS:Law and Order SVU star lands huge role after Netflix success [NEWS]Futurama fans voice concerns despite cast member return [REACTION]Vikings Valhalla season 2: Star hints return despite death [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) of Market Equities could be closing in on the ranch after threatening Beth with everything she’s got in the season finale. Wes’ co-star Gil Birmingham, best known as Thomas Rainwater, also wasn’t convinced by the idea of a happy ending to the series. He mused: “I’m reminded of a line in Mr and Mrs Smith, ‘happy endings are endings that haven’t finished yet.’” Giving his own idea for a happy ending, Rip Wheeler star Cole Hauser joked: “I think it’s Rip and Jamie in Bora Bora.” Wes added: “Everyone keeps asking me, ‘when is Rip going to kill Jamie?’ And I say, ‘how do you know we don’t team up?’” The Duttons could finally settle their differences and drive their rivals away from the land in one last triumphant Yellowstone finale. However, the series has proven their situation in Montana is much more complicated than that, and it will be a long time before the Duttons are ever able to rest easy. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-2 are available to purchase on Amazon Prime Video in the UK.