Bridgerton season two has just arrived on Netflix and the historical TV drama appears much tamer than the first season. Instead, fans watched a love triangle ensue between Edwina Sharma (played by Charithra Chandran), her sister Kate (Simone Ashley) and the Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey). One of the figureheads of the ton overseeing everything is Lady Danbury (Adjoa Andoh), but experts at learning platform Quizlet have questioned her authority. The latest season of Bridgerton shows the emotional vulnerability of the characters and is worlds away from the steamy debut season. Anthony Bridgerton was determined not to let love get in the way of his duties and providing for his family. Similarly, Kate Sharma was willing to put her own relationship endeavours to one side in order to prioritise her sister's future. Kate confided in Lady Danbury after the latter discovered why the Sharmas were really in London. The Sharmas, along with the other debutantes and their families, have great respect for Lady Danbury. READ MORE: Bridgerton's Lady Featherington star explains Prudence marriage plans  Yet the Quizlet team explained to Express.co.uk how she may not be worthy of the 'Lady' title. They said: "A general term given to anyone with a parliamentary peerage, the terms lord or lady can confuse those unfamiliar with the Regency time period. "Not necessarily a title of nobility, Lord and Lady are often referred to as courtesy titles and can be used in place of more formal titles, including formal titles such as Marquess, Earl and Viscount. "While Lady Danbury certainly commands respect, she doesn’t necessarily have higher status than the peers around her." Not much is known about how the character earned her title, but she seems to maintain her status as a well-established member of the ton.  Yet for the first time in her life, she failed to have the answer to one of the biggest disasters of the series. When Edwina Sharma found out the truth about her sister's real intentions, she abandoned Anthony at the altar. Even when Kate explained how she only wanted the best for Edwina, she could not look past the lies and deceit. Lady Danbury felt partially responsible for the drama that was unfolding, and she admitted she had no idea what to do. Thankfully, Edwina was able to finally make a decision for herself and she chose to call off the wedding in pursuit of someone who genuinely cared for her. DON'T MISS... Marc Pilcher Bridgerton title card: Who was Marc Pilcher? [INSIGHT] Carole Prentice Bridgerton title card: Who was Carole Prentice? [EXPLAINER] Jonathan Bailey will be 'so sad’ to bid farewell to Bridgerton star [INSIGHT] Formally known amongst high society as the 'social season', the series is set between October and June. 'The season' follows the parliamentary calendar and the sitting of the two houses. Quizlet explained: "It is during this time that the families of the Lords and parliamentary ministers would descend on the capitol to attend lavish balls, theatrical performances, parties, and social gatherings. "It was a time to not only see old friends and be seen on the social circuit but to also further the marriage opportunities of eligible bachelors and bachelorettes." As Daphne (Phoebe Dynevor) was presented at court in season one, the season is also when debutantes entered the social scene. Debutantes are ladies who had come of age and were ready to mix with high society. The grand social gatherings depicted in the series would be the perfect opportunity to introduce the most eligible singletons to one another. Kate and Anthony were an unlikely pairing as they could never see eye to eye, but there was no denying they were deeply attracted to each other. In the end, Kate embraced her true feelings for the Viscount and they were able to marry. Lady Danbury even suggested a different suitor for Edwina, grateful the love triangle had finally been broken. Bridgerton season 2 is on Netflix now. The series has already been renewed for a third season.