State pension payments are important to millions who will want to understand when they will be paid, and indeed how much. In this sense, an important event is looming, which could impact when a person is paid their pension. The Queen is celebrating her Platinum Jubilee - marking the 70th anniversary of her accession to the throne. But Britons are also being provided with the opportunity to celebrate alongside Her Majesty. As such, the UK is being granted a long Bank Holiday to note the occasion. The Platinum Jubilee bank holiday will take place on Thursday, June 2 and Friday, June 3. READ MORE: Inheritance tax receipts soar again - Britons urged to take action But this will have a knock on effect for those who are expecting their state pension. The day on which a person usually receives their state pension depends on their National Insurance number. Looking at the last two digits typically holds the key to understanding one’s payment date. If the digits are between 00 and 19, Monday is the day of payment, and Tuesday is for those with numbers between 20 and 39. DON'T MISS‘How will they survive?!’ Pensioners may be £1,000 ‘in the red’ [INSIGHT]Virgin Money offers 2.02% interest rate and £100 gift [UPDATE]‘It’s a real struggle!’ Widow, 70, fears rising cost of energy bills [EXCLUSIVE] Numbers 40 to 59 mean a Wednesday payment, and 60 to 79 a Thursday payment. Finally, pensioners can expect to be paid on a Friday if their digits fall between 80 and 99. As such, relating to the Bank Holiday, those with the digits 60 to 99 should pay close attention. This is because Bank Holidays typically affect the point at which a person is paid, as the DWP does not process payments on holidays. But pensioners should not worry as they will not be left out of pocket. The Government explains: “You might be paid earlier if your normal payment day is a bank holiday.” Consequently, those expecting payment on Thursday, June 2 or Friday, June 3 will get their state pension a day or two early. The final working day before the bank holiday is Wednesday, June 1, when state pension payments should be issued. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The state pension is also set to increase from next month onwards, by 3.1 percent. The full new state pension is increasing from £179.60 per week to £185.15 per week. While the full basic state pension will see a rise from £137.60 per week to £141.85. The triple lock mechanism has been scrapped for one year due to perceived lack of affordability, but will return next year, according to the Government.