The Duke of Sussex was nowhere to be seen at his grandfather's memorial, which took place earlier today at Westminster Abbey. The lawyer and women's rights activist hit out at people who have been criticising the Duke, saying he has "nothing to regret" as he attended the funeral last year. Prince Philip, who died during lockdown, was forced to have an extremely scaled back funeral as a result of Coronavirus restrictions. Only 30 people, including Prince Harry, attended the service. However, today's memorial saw around 1,800 people attend. Writing on Twitter, Dr Mos-Shogbamimu said: "Prince Harry has NOTHING to regret in missing Prince Philip memorial service. "Remembering his grandfather isn’t a public right! He attended FUNERAL! Stop making up crap about #HarryandMeghan "Be mad at why #RoyalFamily chose dishonourable Prince Andrew as Queen’s companion today". This came after the Queen was pictured arriving at the event on the arm of her son, Prince Andrew. This is his first public appearance since settling his sexual assault case in the US in February. A spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle confirmed that the couple would not be attending the service, but did not give an explanation as to why. Royal commentator Omid Scobie tweeted: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29. READ MORE: Prince Harry will 'rue to regret' skipping Royal Family reunion "He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible." The Prince's decision not to attend comes in the wake of a dispute with the Home Office over his security. Earlier this year, Prince Harry applied for a judicial review of a Home Office decision not to allow him to pay for his own police protection while he and his family are in the UK. A legal representative for Harry said he and his family as "unable to return" to the UK until the security issue was resolved. DON'T MISS: Harry and William's feud 'will not heal' as Duke warned on Kate [INSIGHT] Kate and William plan return trip to the Bahamas with their children [REVEAL] Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash [REACTION] In a statement, they said: "Prince Harry inherited a security risk at birth, for life. "He remains sixth in line to the throne, served two tours of combat duty in Afghanistan, and in recent years his family has been subjected to well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats. "While his role within the Institution has changed, his profile as a member of the Royal Family has not. Nor has the threat to him and his family. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. "In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home."