Actor and filmmaker Troy Kotsur became the first-ever male deaf actor in Oscar’s history to win an award for Best Supporting Actor. During his speech, the 53-year-old opened up about wanting to teach President Joe Biden a new skill.  As well as becoming the first deaf actor to win the award for Best Supporting Actor, Kotsur also became the second deaf actor to ever win an Oscar. This came after Marlee Matlin won the best actress award for Children of a Lesser God in 1987. He took home the trophy for his acclaimed role as fisherman Frank Rossi in the Apple TV+ film CODA. As alluded to in the title CODA was the acronym for ‘Children Of Deaf Adults’ as he portrayed the deaf father of Emilia Jones’ character Ruby Rossi. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn CODA is a Sian Heder film which was also a remake of the 2014 French film ‘La Famille Bélier’ Kotsur received applause and a standing ovation as he collected his Oscar which was presented by Yuh-Jun Youn. Taking to the stage Kotsur shared: “This is amazing to be here on this journey.” Communicating in ASL (American Sign Language) he addressed the crowd: “I cannot believe I’m here.” The actor also acknowledged the global reach the coming of age film had as it gained worldwide fans. The impact of the film even led to an invitation from US President Joe Biden, who praised CODA and gave the cast a tour of the White House. During the meeting, Kotsur almost went ahead with a plan to tease Mr Biden but decided to hold back. Kotsur joked: “I was planning on teaching some dirty sign language but Marlee Matlin told me to behave myself.” In his speech, he also took the time to thank the “wonderful” deaf theatre stages “where I was allowed and given the opportunity to develop my craft as an actor.” DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win [INSIGHT]'Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth' Will Smith hits host [INSIGHT] Kotsur also thanked his dad, who he hailed as his “hero”, his wife and his daughter. He dedicated a special tribute whilst talking about his father, Kotsur shared: “My dad, he was the best signer in our family.” “But he was in a car accident and he became paralyzed from the neck down and he was no longer able to sign.” He continued: “Dad, I learned so much from you. I’ll always love you. You are my hero.” The actor then dedicated the award to the “deaf community, the CODA community, the disabled community,” as he proclaimed: “This is our moment”. Throughout the award season, the film has already gained tons of praise and recognition. This includes a string of awards for him as Best Supporting Actor at the Bafta, Critics Choice and Screen Actors Guild awards. Fans also praised the actor’s speech as @LaurenKMaloney tweeted: “Troy Kotsur has me in tears!”