The state pension age is set to change in the future, with the Government planning to increase the age people can begin receiving their state pension. Britons can check online to see if they are affected by the scheduled rises. The state pension age in the UK is currently set at 66. The threshold applies to both men and women, after the women’s state pension age was increased to bring in line with the men’s retirement age. However, two increases are set to be implemented which will raise the state pension age for Britons. By 2028, the state pension age is scheduled to rise to age 67. READ MORE: Pension death benefits may be at risk in Rishi Sunak’s spring statement - ‘too generous!’ Another increase is set to follow which will hike the state pension age up to age 68. People are free to work past state pension age if they choose, as there is no longer a default retirement age. As the changes to the state pension age will not come into effect for several years, not everyone will be impacted in the same way. Britons can check what their projected state pension age is through the official Government website. DON'T MISS‘Earn £50 an hour!’ Dad shares how Britons can make hundreds of pounds extra per day [INSIGHT]4.6 million households eligible for £144 reduction on their broadband bill - how to claim [ALERT]Pensioners get shock £1,000 pay rise after interest rate hike - ‘better off for life' [ALERT] The ‘Check your state pension age’ tool can be used to find out: When using the tool, people will be given two options to choose from. They can check their state pension age, including their Pension Credit qualifying age, or check their free bus pass age. Regardless of which option someone chooses, they must simply enter their date of birth to get the information they need. By choosing the first option, users will be told what their state pension age is expected to be and the date they will reach it. Their Pension Credit qualifying age should be the same as their state pension age. Pension Credit is a benefit which can be claimed by Britons of state pension age and supports those who are on a lower income. People who live in England will usually get their free bus pass when they reach state pension age. However, those who live in Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland can get free bus travel from age 60. The Government website also offers a tool which allows people to get a forecast of how much state pension they will get.