In February the cost of living soared to a new 30-year-high for British residents, laying bare the challenge for Chancellor Rishi Sunak ahead of his Spring Statement on Wednesday. Mr Sunak is expected to announce plans for how the Government aims to support households who are already struggling to meet rising costs. In the 12 months to February, prices rose by 6.2 percent on average, owing to sharp growth in the value of food, fuel and energy. The Bank of England has predicted that by the end of 2022 inflation could reach double figures. According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), gas prices were almost a third higher last month than compared to a year ago, and electricity prices were up by nearly a fifth. Traditionally, the Bank of England responds to rising inflation by swelling interest rates, which it has already done three times in the past few months.  READ MORE: Millions eligible for free broadband installation When interest rates are increased it means some people who have borrowed money could see their monthly payments go up. Those who have mortgages tied to the Bank of England's rates will particularly feel this squeeze. The idea is that when borrowing is more expensive, people will have less money to spend.  Consequently, they will buy fewer things and prices will stop rising as fast. However, when inflation is triggered by external forces, such as the global squeeze on energy prices, then this might not be the answer. Instead, the Government might choose to cut taxes for consumers on items that are rising quickly. More than 50 Conservative MPs have called for a cut in fuel duty, for example.  DON'T MISS: State pension payment dates to change for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee  [INSIGHT]Santander increases its interest rates and savers can earn up to £100 [EXPLAINED]'Beautiful’ 17-month-old girl mauled to death by family dog pictured [NEWS] Inflation is the rate at which prices rise. If the price of a loaf of bread is £1 and it rises by 5p, then bread inflation is 5 percent. From month to month you may not notice price rises. But right now, prices are rising so quickly that average pay is not keeping up. In essence, when inflation is low consumers have more spending power and the exact opposite is true when inflation rates are high.  The primary reason is the rising global price of energy, which in turn has pushed the energy price cap to grow by 54 percent from the start of April. Gas prices in particular have risen sharply over the past year, but the Resolution Foundation has warned that the Ukraine conflict is making the situation much worse. Their report said: "The crisis in Ukraine has increased both the scale of price rises, but also the degree of uncertainty about their levels and duration.” 