Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster were joined by former MP David Mellor on Wednesday’s edition of their GB News breakfast show to discuss the morning’s headlines. The Queen being accompanied by the Duke of York at Prince Philip’s memorial service was the topic of conversation as David issued a warning to Prince Charles over the decision. The former MP began: “The Queen is 95 and she is entitled to be accompanied by whoever she wants. “She and her late husband, perhaps Andrew was their favourite and it hasn’t been to his benefit that perhaps he was spoilt as a young guy.” Speaking about the Duke of York, he said: “He will think, ‘The door is open for me,’ and the first thing that Charles will have to do when in due course he takes over is slam that door in Andrew’s face.” “Do you think that he’ll be thinking that looking at the papers?” Isabel asked. Read more: Royal expert slams Prince Harry for missing Prince Philip's memorial She read out several negative headlines regarding the Duke of York’s role in the service. However, Eamonn interjected: “They're not what counts, Isabel. “In the street, people looked and they said, ‘Aww that’s nice there he was beside his mum. “He didn’t look out of place unless you read those sort of headlines.” Eamonn continued: “I think there is a big factor of mission creep coming back into it.” David said: “But also Andrew he is not a sensitive guy. “I’m just thinking back to my encounters with Andrew the first time I ever went, this is before the Falklands on a ministerial visit to Egypt. “Andrew had just been there and the ambassador said to me, ‘Have a drink I’ve got to get something off my chest.’” “He then went through the awfulness of having to entertain Andrew who had pushed people fully clothed into swimming pools,” he claimed. “I got on a plane in the Gulf and I was fortunate enough to be travelling first class and in my seat, there was this figure covered up and two [police officers] came over and said Andrew had taken my seat and would I sit somewhere else. “Today, I would have screamed blue murder but then I said, “Oh well,’ but I wish I hadn’t now because everyone who experiences Andrew at his awful worst. “Why should he have the right to sit in someone else’s seat.” Eamonn added: “I tell a story about him in my autobiography which is too long to tell but it’s very funny. “But I also sat at a dinner one night at the Football Association and he sat opposite me all night never said a single word to me all night, didn’t acknowledge my presence.” “Did he recognise you?” David asked and Eamonn joked: “He’s bound to have how could he not?” “You know what I mean these people float in the air above normal folk and you are still a normal person,” the former MP concluded. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs on GB News on weekdays at 6am.