Steven Gerrard has praised Barcelona for the faith they have shown in Xavi - a decision they are now reaping the rewards from. The Aston Villa boss has taken the time to praise the La Liga giants and the Spaniard in a surprise interview with Barca after scoring in a 2-1 defeat for Liverpool legends. The two former midfielders are now beginning to walk a similar path, although Xavi has been thrown straight into the spotlight with his old club following a stint in Qatar with Al Sadd. Gerrard has labelled the appointment "a masterstroke", admitting he's kept a close eye on the impressive work at Barca from a distance. "I think with the appointment of Xavi, I think it was a masterstroke by Barcelona to appoint him," he told Barcelona. "Someone who has got Barcelona in his DNA, someone who has been a world-class player for many years. READ MORE: Leeds 'tell Barcelona how to sign Raphinha' after responding to opening transfer offer "He obviously knows the style that all the Barcelona people want to see and after some challenging times, it looks as if they're getting back to where they need to be. "They got a huge result against Real Madrid and as a Barcelona fan from afar, it's really good to see them back firing well." Gerrard appeared to hint that he will take inspiration from Xavi's work at Barcelona ahead of a potential return to Anfield further down the line. He added: "Well listen, as a coach in my position you are always trying to learn off everyone you can. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt "There's a lot of media around Xavi because obviously, he was a world-class player. "He's somebody who I've got the utmost respect for as a player and I'm obviously watching him as a coach as well. "He's on a similar journey to myself, very young, very new, he's obviously learning a lot every day like myself. "I'd like to give him a personal good luck message and I'd like to see him be a success and be at Barcelona for many years." Xavi has made quite the statement since replacing Ronald Koeman at the helm in early November. The former Barca captain has helped drive his side back up the table and into third place. That was an unthinkable proposition earlier in the campaign when Barcelona were sleepwalking into yet another trophyless season. The 4-0 El Clasico triumph over Real Madrid was a clear statement of intent that Barcelona are now on their way back.