Experts said widespread ignorance over sensible financial education has seen one third of those aged between 35 and 54 with no savings whatsoever. In findings that have horrified analysts 38 percent have not checked their pension in the past year, while 50 percent either do not have a pension, do not know if they have a pension, or do not know how to check their pension. The disturbing data comes from a YouGov poll commissioned by wealth management and investment technology provider, True Potential. Chief executive Daniel Harrison said: “We must turn spenders and hoarders into smarter investors to ensure small savers don’t see their purchasing power eradicated as inflation continues to reach new highs." “This means increasing regulation on products that are fuelling poor spending habits, especially Buy-Now-Pay-Later services." “For too long debt has enjoyed lighter-touch regulation than saving, yet there are millions of people in the UK with thousands of pounds of savings struggling to access advice about what to do with their money to beat inflation. Closing this advice gap, while encouraging those without savings to put away small but frequent sums into an ISA or pension, would go a long way towards improving the financial decision-making of Britons". Experts are worried the crisis is fuelling a midlife savings emergency. The poll found Brits only show scant interest in pension contributions at the age of 45. Compounding the savings among the middle aged is a spending splurge, with results showing this was the most likely age group to use a Buy-Now-Pay-Later service to purchase a gift they could not currently afford. The findings also suggest financial difficulties are particularly acute for single middle-aged people, with 37 percent of divorced Brits having no savings at all. It appears to be driven by a lack of financial education, apparent when Brits are questioned on attitudes to investing. When asked what they would do if given £10,000 to invest, with options to invest in stocks and shares, pension schemes, property and cryptocurrency, almost one third of 2,082 Brits surveyed said they did not know what would provide the best return on investment. The crisis comes as squeezed households were warned to expect a fresh assault on living standards in the coming months after the annual inflation rate climbed for a 13th month to its highest point in almost 30 years. The consumer prices index - currently 5.5 percent - could soar to almost 8 percent in April when household energy bills will rocket for millions. Families are facing a perfect storm after energy regulator Ofgem will raise the price cap on default tariffs by 54 percent, adding more than £600 to average annual bills. And the cap could be raised again in October unless the cost of gas and petrol drops. Colin Dyer, of Abrdn Financial Planning, said: “Households should brace themselves for further acceleration in the cost of living until at least the second half of 2022, particularly when the energy price hike is implemented in April". “The Bank of England could also be justified in raising interest rates more than once over the next few months to defend these soaring prices – meaning even more challenges may lie ahead for households.” And it is not just middle aged who are feeling the pinch. Record inflation means millions of pensioners are also struggling because a 3.1 percent increase in the State Pension is “completely inadequate to protect them”. Former Pensions Minister Baroness Altmann added: “There is no sign of an end to inflation pressures. As energy and raw material prices keep rising, while global supply chain pressures increase, the plight of millions of pensioners who generally have little or no other incomes will keep worsening. “How will pensioners afford to heat their homes when two million are living in poverty and one million are in extreme fuel poverty?” As high inflation is wiping out the real value of their money, many people understandably think it is not worth bothering to save. This poses huge risks for all our futures. Not everyone will be able to work till they drop, but if they have spent all their money when still young, they could face a poverty line existence in later life. Putting money away for the future is so important, but if high inflation undermines savers’ confidence, then they may just live for today and regret it tomorrow.  In fact, the warning signs are clear, as so many more people, not just the young, are using Buy Now Pay Later schemes, to buy things that may be beyond their means. Partly, this may be due to the lack of financial education across society, but it is also a function of Government policy. It is so much easier, quicker and simpler to borrow unaffordable amounts of money, than to pay into pensions or other investments which can both protect and enhance your future living standards. In fact, what many people don’t realise is that pensions offer a great way to beat inflation and grow your money for the future. Each £1 you put into your pension can immediately double in a workplace pension scheme – and for higher rate taxpayers it grows even more – as both the employer contribution and any tax relief are added to the amount deducted from your pay packet. Even with personal pensions, you earn at least 25 percent extra straight away. This certainly beats inflation! And over time, your money can be invested to help companies in Britain and elsewhere to grow, bringing benefits to the wider economy and society, while also adding even more returns to your initial pension contribution. That’s why these survey findings, showing large proportions of the population have no idea about pensions, are so dangerous. For all our sakes, I hope more people will understand the importance of pensions and increase provision for their future, rather than taking on debts.