Former Everton star Lucas Digne has revealed he sought Raphael Varane's support following his fallout with ex-Toffees boss Rafa Benitez. Digne opened up on his Everton exit, citing his damaged relationship with the Spaniard as the reason for his January transfer to Aston Villa.  The French full-back was a firm fan favourite at Goodison Park and was revered as one of Everton's finest assets. However, following a dispute with Benitez amid the Toffees struggles this season, the 28-year-old was axed from the Everton first-team in early December. Digne then departed for Villa during the January transfer window before aiming a thinly-veiled dig at his former manager within an emotional farewell post. The left-back has now revealed that he sought the support of fellow Frenchman and Manchester United centre-back Varane following the deterioration of his relationship with Benitez. Digne told L'Equipe: “I lived three-and-a-half years of happiness and love with the supporters. I had, and still have, a great relationship with them, with people at the club, my former teammates. But I don’t look back. READ MORE: Lampard has family member to blame for Alli deal as Everton ponder axe  "Football is like that. One day everything is fine, the next month it is less so. And you have to make decisions. When you are part of the framework, there are discussions with the coach. "The relationship we had was not good. It was complicated to be excluded from the group for a month. It was an unprecedented situation in my career. But I had my family and my teammates with me. “I also saw Raphaël Varane quite often, as we lived nearby. I took it upon myself. I continued to work on the side, to be behind my friends. I have never refused to play.” DON'T MISSTottenham ace Hugo Lloris explains inspiration and opens up on AlliRicharlison on leaving Everton as Man Utd ramp up transfer interestEverton make Calvert-Lewin transfer call with Arsenal lurking  Five days after Digne was sold to Villa, Benitez was sacked by Everton as the club's continued struggles saw them dragged into a relegation battle. Digne, who also lauded his new club Villa for their "ambitious" project, declared he feels he has been proven right, given Benitez was dismissed shortly after his Toffees exit. He added: “In relation to the style of play, especially. I thought we had a team that could have a lot more possession, which we had the quality for. He asked me the question, I gave him my answer. “I know my place. I felt legitimate to give him my feelings and those of the other players in the locker room. The group was unanimous. The sequel proved me right, since he was fired because of the poor results. I think he also had a bad philosophy. He didn’t fit at Everton.” 