But Sunday night was going to be HIS night and it turned out to be exactly that – but for all the wrong reasons. Because what Smith did in smacking Oscar’s host Chris Rock across the face in front of millions was straight-up assault. And it was an assault which didn’t just overshadow Oscars night it completely detracted from his film, King Richard, and all the hard working, talented people involved in it – people he wept over during his acceptance speech when he talked about how talented they are. So he didn’t  just wreck his own night, he wrecked theirs too. Because no-one  was talking about the film or the actors or their talent. All anyone was talking about was The Slap. And forget all the drivel being spouted about how he had to defend his wife Jada who has alopecia. Jada Pinkett is no shrinking violent. She has been open about her alopecia. She chose not to wear a wig to the Oscars (many black women wear wigs with or without alopecia) knowing she would be on full view to the rest of the world. And presumably she made that choice because she was confident about her look. And who wouldn’t  be. She looked gorgeous! Also this is a woman who has talked openly and publicly about her open marriage. As has her husband. She isn’t a sensitive flower who can’t stick up for herself or say what she thinks. Although, interestingly, she has said nothing about what happened that night. Had Smith had an ounce of  brain power there were many more dignified and powerful ways he could have defended his wife’s honour whilst drawing attention to the condition that blights so many women’s lives. He could have marched on stage and demanded Rock apologise. He could have talked about alopecia.  He could have cracked a smart joke at Rock’s expense. Or he could have dealt with it privately after the ceremony. Instead he took the thug’s way out. And now it could cost him his Oscar. And even if it doesn’t his achievement in winning it will forever be tainted by the fact he slugged a fellow comedian in front of the world. And I simply cannot believe the people now trying to justify his violence claiming any bloke would have done the same. Many of these are the same people forever climbing aboard their soap boxes to espouse various causes. It is almost beyond belief that woke Hollywood stars – those most famous for hijacking the awards to drone on about their particular cause - gave Smith a standing ovation when he went up to collect his award. What bloody hypocrisy!  This was minutes after he’d  committed assault. It’s sickening. As for Smith trying to justify violence over a bad joke -  I’m sorry it can’t be justified. Yes most people feel something visceral when someone insults or belittles someone they love. And I get they feel a primeval need to defend them. But Smith did it the wrong way. And isn’t there an element of racism here. Because I’m pretty sure if it had been a white bloke - say Benedict Cumberbatch - who’d slugged Rock – he’d have been charged with assault (which Smith should have been) and his career would have been over forever! But if Smith genuinely thought Rock had behaved so badly why was he laughing his socks off when he first cracked the G. I Jane joke  because we all saw him laughing. The world saw him. And for the record – G.I. Jane who was played by Demi Moore  in the movie looked absolutely stunning  with her shaven head. As did Jada Pinkett-Smith. She rocked it and in looking like she did she made a bold statement about alopecia. So why get upset when someone cracks (a very gentle ) joke about it. Because it WAS gentle. All Rock said was “Jada, I love you. Can’t wait for G.I. Jane 2.” And let’s face it – that’s exactly what Rock was there for - to crack jokes about the Hollywood stars in the auditorium. Let’s just stay with Rock for a minute because I thought he behaved impeccably. Most blokes' reaction would have been to retaliate, to punch back. He didn’t. Not even when Smith was screaming four letter abuse at him from the audience. He kept calm and then had to carry on and do his job in front of millions which couldn’t have been easy. In his acceptance speech Smith wept and went on about how it was his job to love and protect people and about “ what God is calling me to do and to be.” Well, whatever God is calling him to do I’m pretty sure it wasn’t to slug Chris Rock. Smith didn’t just let himself down on Sunday night. He let everyone on his movie down. And Thanks to him, no-one’s talking about those people. Just The Slap. And Hollywood directors are already talking about having seen “ the real Will Smith.” Hollywood is a now a Woke World  and the people who inhabit it have made it that way. So all those actors now supporting Smith and shouting about how he was just honouring his wife will see the Academy turning on him. We’re already seeing filmmakers and directors turning on him and so, out of self-preservation, they will turn on him too. Smith once said: “ I’m happy all the time and people see me smiling. I don’t think people realise the path I’ve taken to get where I am and the beast that lurks when provoked.” Well now they have – and  it will cost him dear!