An altercation between the hosts left ITV's Loose Women viewers feeling uncomfortable. What started as a simple conversation soon erupted into a heated debate as the panellists shared different views on what was considered successful immigration, with reports of racism at border lines prohibiting some people from travelling. As expected, one of the main topics of conversation on the show was the current war between Russia and Ukraine. Katie Piper and Coleen Nolan joined the pair on the panel to debate this issue. Speaking passionately about it, Charlene shared her concerns about how people were being refused entry to neighbouring countries because of the colour of their skin. During the conversation, she said: "There is one thing that has really shone a light on where I'm concerned, that has really stuck out to me, is that in the midst of all of this, the midst of people trying to flee from their homes, the midst of them trying to dodge bullets and bombs, they still have time for racism." Read More: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plan to destroy the Dingles exposed?  Speaking candidly on the matter, she continued: "Because you've got thousands of Black, Asian, Syrian, Arab students and workers who have also been trying to get out of Ukraine and have been prevented from doing so due to the incessant racism that they have experienced. "They've not been allowed to go through the border into Poland, for example, where they've been pushed back. "There are posters up saying no black ... It really does shine a light on the fact that it doesn't matter how devastated someone is, how scared somebody is, it seems like there's always time for one of the worst traits of society." With the talking point on the table, Janet was keen to contribute, cutting the speaker off with her thoughts on the matter. The broadcaster chimed in with: "I hear what you are saying, and I completely understand it, and on the news last night, they did show some of the students talking about how bad they were treated and the effort it had taken for them to actually get on the train and get across the border. "But I also think Poland, for example, has exceeded all expectations in accepting 150,000 refugees." Although she understood the journalist's point, Charlene was visibly annoyed and momentarily put her head in her hands. Combating what was said with: "Oh my goodness! I understand that, but if you have thousands of refugees, you can't stand there and say, 'oh you 50 people come in, you four people with darker skin, sorry'." DON’T MISS… Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty? [SPOILERS]'Get out!' Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy walk off Sunday Brunch as guest scolds hosts [LATEST]'I love you son' EastEnders' Lorraine Stanley pays tribute to co-star ahead of exit [LATEST] The pair both kept tripping up each other's words as they volleyed to get their point across. With Katie and Coleen remaining silent, Janet continued: "This isn't a surprise for anyone, or any asylum seeker who has moved across Europe who has met this in Hungary and other countries." Presenter Charlene disagreed with this statement: "For a lot of people, it will come as a surprise. It didn't come as a surprise to me because I am a black woman who has travelled through Europe." Trying to put an end to the debate, she concluded with: "I have dealt with a lot of the ups that can come with travelling.  "I love travelling but always have to make a judgment call about how to deal with certain situations as a result of the colour of my skin in a way you won't have to, Janet." The issue gained traction on social media, with fans voicing their opinions. @TalieMushroom tweeted: "I don't take to Twitter often, but bloody hell - well said @CharleneWhite on #LooseWomen. I have been saying this since the war broke, and I'm a white middle class woman. Your words have not been lost on me - it needed saying for sure." Jones_CJ25 showed her support: "I can not believe that I just watched Janet Street-Porter gaslight Charlene White live on TV. And then to see people on Twitter pile on Charlene for discussing the very real racism on display within the reaction & treatment of Ukrainian refugees of colour. #LooseWomen." However @cb_038 wasn't won over by her time on the show: "Charlene is a good newsreader don't get me wrong, but I just find her a bit fake and annoying on #LooseWomen just my opinion." "Charlene speaks down and is patronising to the white panellists on the show #LooseWomen," @harryfreshprinc added. Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30 pm. 