Charles has plans to “slim down” the monarchy when he takes to the throne. The Prince of Wales is keen to relieve the taxpayer of millions of pounds by cutting down the Royal Family to seven key members, known as the 'Magnificent Seven'. Had they not left the Firm, Meghan and Prince Harry would have remained central figures. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from their roles as working royals in a dramatic exit two years ago. They later took part in a bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey during which they aimed several allegations at the Royal Family. One included the suggestion that Meghan had not been treated well during her time as a royal. However, royal commentator Ashley Pearson claimed that the Duchess was “welcomed” into the family and “adored” by the Prince of Wales. Speaking during Channel 5’s recent documentary, ‘Harry & Meghan Vs The Monarchy’. She said: “Charles famously adored Meghan.  JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: 'Disturbing' Meghan Markle fumes at 'absurd' lawsuit from half-sister “She was welcomed as a daughter, even more so than Kate Middleton was at the very beginning.” Meghan and Harry first met in the summer of 2016 and were engaged by November 2017. A month later, she became the first royal fiancée to spend Christmas with the Royal Family at Sandringham. In the documentary, former BBC royal correspondent Jennie Bond discussed Meghan’s first meeting with Charles. She said: “Meeting your in-laws is always a bit of an ordeal, isn’t it? “And meeting your in-laws, when one is going to be a future king, meeting Prince Charles, must have been quite tough for Meghan or a little bit daunting, but she is a strong woman. “She probably marched in there and just got on famously because she’s a woman with lots of opinions, lots of views and a confident woman. “And those are the kind of attributes that Charles likes.”  DON’T MISS'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan reiterates Meghan Markle rant a year to the day [LATEST]Prince Harry warned over Platinum Jubilee celebration decision with Queen: ‘May regret it’ [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] Meghan’s strength and confidence were made clear on her wedding day. When her father, Thomas Markle, was unable to attend, The Prince of Wales offered to walk her down the aisle. In what has been described as a “declaration of independence”, Meghan asked Charles if they could meet halfway. Following Meghan and Harry’s departure from the Firm, reports suggested that a rift had opened between them and senior members of the Royal Family.  However, in January, a source told the Daily Mirror that Charles had invited the Sussexes to come and stay with him and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, the next time they visited in the UK. If Meghan and Harry took up on the offer — made before Christmas last year — it would have been the first time the family had been together since the Sussexes left the Firm.  Charles has enjoyed several “good natured and enjoyable” calls with Harry, Meghan and his grandchildren, but is "desperate" to see them. But there is no certainty over Meghan and Harry’s return. Harry has launched a legal bid against the Government to allow him to pay for the security for himself and his family while in the UK. The Duke has claimed that without such protection, he does not “feel safe” to come back. Meghan and Harry have not visited the UK together since March 2020.