New satellite images overnight showed Vladimir Putin's so-called death convoy was finally on the move and had been redeployed closer to Kyiv. While the capital braces for a possible ground assault, a former US intelligence official and army veteran said that satellite footage actually shows a "tactical retreat" from the Russians. Speaking to Fox News, former House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers said the Russians were "scrambling" to avoid more Ukraine ambushes rather than preparing for an immediate attack. It was suggested that the convoy's redeployment showed the Russians were moving into "firing positions" near the capital. Mr Rogers said: "Some of what you see is going into firing position, but some of it is just that these Ukraine ambushes on this convoy have taken a toll on the Russians. "The dispersing is trying to make it harder for those ambushes to have an impact. "I don't see it necessarily as them getting ready to go all-in on Kyiv." JUST IN: Ukraine city readies thousands of Molotovs - braces for Russian attack The army veteran continued: "I think they are scrambling around trying to figure out how to not have the Ukrainians engage in these ambushes and have a material effect on these military units." Fox host Jesse Watters responded: "So it is a tactical retreat because they are getting roasted by these Javelin missiles." Mr Rogers explained: "Well, I think if you a commander of the Russians, you're saying I gotta go, I can't sit here very long or I won't be here. "They are trying to figure out how to get moving. They are trying not to get whacked." He warned: "But regardless of how successful the Ukrainians are, Putin will inflict pain to get what he wants." The huge 40-mile-long Russian military convoy had been stationed outside Kyiv since last week. Its advance appeared to have stalled amid widespread reports of food and fuel shortages as well as low morale among the Russian troops. Maxar Technologies said satellite images taken on Thursday showed that the convoy of vehicles, tanks, and artillery had broken up and been redeployed. Some of the vehicles have moved into forests, according to Maxar. DON'T MISS: Putin joy as 16,000 Middle Eastern fighters to join Russian invasion [VIDEO]Russia 'doesn't understand trouble it's in' as Ukraine secures weapons [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: New satellite images show Putin's death convoy close in [LIVE BLOG] A senior US defence official said on Thursday that the Russian forces moved three miles closer to Kyiv in the past 24 hours and are just nine miles from the city centre. Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko said that the city "has been transformed into a fortress" and that "one in two Kyiv residents has left the city". The British Ministry of Defence also predicted an imminent Kyiv attack, saying on Friday morning: "Russia is likely to reset and re-posture its forces for renewed offensive activity in the coming days, this will probably include against the capital." The redeployment also comes after dramatic drone footage released by the Ukrainian military on Thursday showed Russian tanks being blown up in an ambush on their way toward Kyiv. Several tanks and other armoured vehicles were seen exploding in the attack by Ukrainians using artillery shells.