Nadia Vargola, 18, has reached the haven of Medyka on the Polish border but is worried for her relatives Dmitry and Victor, who were born and live in Russia and eligible for military service. The family could face each other on the battlefield as Nadia's dad Nicolai is fighting to defend his beloved homeland. However, Dimitry and Victor want to flee Russia and Vladimir Putin's regime. Nadia said: "My cousins will not fight. They want to leave Russia. I understand their fear. But they cannot say their word and opinion. Russian soldiers are sent to certain death. Have you seen the number of Ukrainian people stopping Russian columns with their bare hands?" Nadia arrived in Poland on her own yesterday with the rest of her family scattered across Ukraine and Russia. She said of her aunt - Dimitry and Victor's mother: "She doesn't believe the Russian news. All of my relatives are also in Ukraine. My nephews must hide in the basement. I am very afraid for them. My mum doesn't want to leave. She just wants to send my sister with the kids." Anna Shtukareva, 40, and her daughter Olga, 12, described how they ran for their lives as shells dropped on the outskirts of Kyiv and heard of worse atrocities. Anna said: "My daughter's friend, near us, said Russians came to where she lived and shot people in their houses. They took people out and stood them in a line." Sisters Svetlana, 24 and Yulia Ladzhyn, 22, urged people to make the most of every moment with family and friends. The pair do not know when they will see their parents again and Svetlana said: "You never know when it could be your last communication." Almost 2.2 million people have escaped the warzone, with 1.3 million reaching Poland. Hungary has taken in 203,000 and Slovakia 153,000. Ukraine's ambassador Vadym Prystaiko yesterday hit out at UK bureaucracy after only around 1,000 visas had been issued to those fleeing. He revealed his wife even faced delays after he was appointed in 2020 and said the requirement should be dropped in an emergency. He told MPs on the Home Affairs Committee: "I don't want to see these pictures of people banging at the doors in Calais and scratching the doors which are quite sealed." The Refugee Council said the Government was prioritising "paperwork over people". But Boris Johnson insisted at PMQs checks on refugees must remain to stop Putin sending Russian agents to the UK.