The Russian President already sparked panic after he put his strategic nuclear forces on "high alert", with some fearing he may press the red button. The Kremlin has a terrifying nuclear arsenal to call on, with the largest stockpile in the world, consisting of over 6,000 warheads. This nuclear threat has sent shivers down the spines of international peacekeepers. United Nations Secretary General António Guterres said: “The prospect of nuclear conflict, once unthinkable, is now back within the realm of possibility.”An attack with weapons of these scales would cause catastrophic damage and likely result in millions of deaths.Even at the height of the Cold War, when Russia and the US came close to pulling the trigger during the Cuban Missile Crisis of the 1960s, not a single bomb was dropped.But tensions between East and West look to be returning to those levels as Putin continues to unleash hell on Ukraine. Hamish de Bretton-Gordon, a weapons expert and fellow at Magdalene College, Cambridge, said that if Putin was to follow through with his nuclear threats, all hell would break loose. It comes as Putin raised fears he would carry out a "false flag" operation after Russia claimed it found evidence of a US biological weapons programme in Ukraine.Experts have warned Russia may be using this as a pretext to justify an attack in Ukraine with its own biological or chemical weapons.While this could be devastating for Ukraine, Mr de Bretton-Gordon explained the consequences of a chemical weapons attack for the rest of the world would not be as serious as a nuclear attack.READ MORE: Scientists declare if humanity would survive Russia nuclear war He told Express.co.uk: "I do not think the West would respond militarily for a chemical attack. "We did not when the Obama red line was broken in August 13 when Assad killed over 1,500 civilians with the nerve agent Sarin and we did not respond militarily when Russia attacked Salisbury with a chemical weapon.  "But I think we should enable the Ukrainian military to respond by giving them drones and fighter aircraft."But he warned that biological and nuclear attacks would result in a different story.DON'T MISS UK to avoid Putin's EU energy wrath as huge new gas field found [REPORT] Chernobyl placed on RED ALERT as Putin 'orders attack' on plant [REVEAL]Putin on red alert as Biden deploys terrifying missiles to Poland [INSIGHT] He said: "If Putin uses nuclear weapons that would be different. We probably would not respond if he used a tactical nuclear weapon but if he used a strategic nuke this would lead to World War 3 I expect." He also warned that a nuclear attack, or a biological attack, could create impacts that stretch as far as the UK.He said: "A nuclear or biological attack could affect the UK. Nuclear is fairly obvious but if Russia released a biological weapon in the Ukraine it may well spread across Europe to the UK like COVID."