These pictures are evidence of the appalling medieval conditions in the besieged Ukrainian port city, where starving children are forced to melt snow to drink. The atrocities by Vladimir Putin's terror forces continue, with indiscriminate shelling against civilian targets. Residents are shot at as they try to flee the bombardment. Another picture shows a man pushing his children along in a trolley, the two youngsters balanced precariously on top of their luggage. Some of the remaining 300,000 trapped in the strategic southern target have reached the relative safety of towns in the Donetsk region. The youngest innocents caught up in this war play at a refugee shelter at Nikolske, while their parents speak of the horrors they escaped. One couple described how "rivers of blood" flow down the streets. Corpses have been left in the road, with no time to give them a dignified burial. Dmytro and Tania Shvets fled with seven-year-old daughter Vlada. They said people were putting dead bodies into cars to give them something like "a proper" funeral. Tania recalled: "They were just killing us. If we gathered in a group to find water, they shot at us. There is no longer a city of Mariupol." Dmytro said his dad told him to flee in a heartbreaking final conversation, saying: "Son, just leave, leave. Take your family out." The family left after 23 days in a cellar with no power and little food and water. Other families are still trying to escape, walking under the shadow of obliterated buildings, appalling monuments to Putin's attritional invasion as he tries to turn Mariupol on the Sea of Azov into the "ashes of a dead land". Victoria confirmed children were dying of dehydration, saying: "Three I know died. This is the 21st century. My city is destroyed. It's on fire all the time. People stay in basements but that doesn't save them." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky described the despicable acts as "war crimes". He added: "There are Russian troops killing and raping people and kidnapping children, torturing people and looting." The president again pleaded for civilians to be allowed to leave the battered city, which has become symbolic of the invaders' aggression and heroic Ukrainian resistance.