Today, members of the Royal Family gathered to commemorate the life of Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh passed away at the age of 99 last year — just months before his 100th birthday in June. Due to coronavirus restrictions in place at the time, his funeral was largely scaled-back. This morning’s memorial service was a chance for family, friends and associates of the Duke to come together to celebrate his life and work. The Queen was joined by senior members of the Firm, including Prince Charles, Princess Anne, Prince Edward, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. It was reportedly love at first sight when then-Princess Elizabeth and Philip met in 1939. After years of correspondence, Philip received King George VI’s blessing as long as the couple waited until the princess turned 21 years old before announcing their engagement. Elizabeth and Philip got married one year later, in November 1947. However, marrying the future monarch came with the promise to dedicate his life to service. According to a 1995 Daily Mirror report, Philip was aware of the difficulties he was going to face. Royal correspondent James Whitaker revealed on the day of his wedding a relative of the nervous Philip told him to enjoy the “great day”. Prince Philip reportedly replied: “I don’t know if I’m being very brave or very foolish.” In the early days, Philip struggled with constantly being in the Queen’s shadow and always being required to walk a few steps behind. The Duke once met an Australian who said: “My wife is a doctor of philosophy and much more important than I am.” Philip replied: “Ah yes, we have that trouble in our family too.” DON'T MISS:Queen's heartbreak: Monarch upset as she listens to God Save The Queen [NEW]'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury [REPORT]Prince Philip broke royal protocol with unprecedented political stance [INSIGHT] However, the Duke of Edinburgh proved himself to be a dedicated consort. During the 70 years he spent carrying out royal duties — which he only stepped back from in 2017 at the age of 95 — Philip accompanied the queen around the world, on Commonwealth tours and state visits, as well as carrying out some 22,191 solo engagements. He spent his retired years between Windsor Castle and Wood Farm on the Norfolk estate. During the coronavirus pandemic, he and the Queen retreated to Windsor Castle, where they were thought to have lived a quieter life, away from the constrictions of royal protocol. They celebrated their 73rd wedding anniversary and last Christmas together on the estate. In April 2021, the Duke of Edinburgh passed away. The memorial today was the Queen’s first public engagement in months, following a series of health scares, Her Majesty has taken a step back from royal duties. Today, she bravely remembered her beloved husband and joined the rest of the congregation by standing to sing one of the hymns, despite prior reports she may not. Last year, the Royal Family shared an emotional tribute from the Queen to Philip, her “strength and stay”. The Queen said: “He [Philip] has, quite simply, been my strength and stay all these years, and I, and his whole family, and this and many other countries, owe him a debt greater than he would ever claim, or we shall ever know.”