Loose Women host Ruth Langsford has taken to Instagram to share an update on her eyebrows after undergoing a microblading procedure a week ago. The ITV star, 62, appeared fresh-faced in a short clip which gave her fans a close look at her brows as they continued to heal. Addressing her one million followers, the mother-of-one shared an update on her freshly-tattooed brows. Ruth said: "Hello, now I said I would keep you up to date with the semi-permanent eyebrow situation. "So, we are now one week, six days in. "So, the first couple of days it was a bit red, not too sore and then they start to flake and you have to put coconut oil or grapeseed oil on them to keep them moisturised," she explained. READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma The ITV star told how they had started to "scab" over. Ruth continued: "Then the flakes start to come off and at first they look paler than they did." "However Ruth revealed that she was reassured by her make-up artist that the 'real colour' would appear after a few more days. The star went on: "So, you can see here it's a little bit scabby," she said while pointing to a patch on her eyebrow. "Can you see that? I don't want to touch it," she said to her followers. "But each day that flakiness comes off and you can see the kind of browny-red underneath. "And eventually that real colour - so they won't be as dark as when I started, but they'll be a taupe brown. "But I still love the shape," she added. DON'T MISS... Christopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley's wife on 'weight of what's going on at home' [ANALYSIS]BBC Breakfast's Owain Wyn Evans slams viewer's 'camp drummer' jibe [UPDATE] "So there you go, that is day five of semi-permanent, tattooed eyebrows," she ended her clip. Days ago, the star sparked a frenzy on social media after she revealed she was getting her eyebrows tattooed on. Taking to her Instagram, she told fans she had "finally bit the bullet" and undergone the beauty treatment. Documenting the procedure, she told her fans: "It really didn’t hurt...just a bit scratchy... honestly! During the process, Ruth told how it felt "scratchy" before adding that she didn't want "big, black slug eyebrows!" Following Ruth's update, her celebrity friends flocked to the comment section to gush over the natural-looking results. Lizzie Cundy wrote: "Look really good. Going to book in!" Nadine Baggott added: "They look really good Ruth," alongside a heart face.