Kate Middleton and Prince William have arrived in Jamaica for the second leg of their Caribbean tour. The couple departed Belize just a few hours ago. The Duchess is now sporting a customised version of the Roksanda ‘Brigitte’ dress in yellow.   The dress costs an outstanding £1,095. The vibrant yellow is most certainly a nod to the Jamaican flag. Kate is also wearing the same Aquazzura Cece 105 pump shoes, which are white stilettos with beautiful gold detailing. The pair cost a whopping £605. READ MORE: Prince William pens heartwarming letter to Belize as visit ends    Royal fans took to social media about Kate’s brand new look, with @royalimposters tweeting: “So glad she wore yellow!” Another fan, @einstein_evans commented saying: “Duchess of diplomatic dressing.” Twitter user @DarkSideoftMoon wrote: “That dress is so gorgeous! “Then again all colours suit her so well.”  DON'T MISS...Camilla health fears quashed as Duchess hops on twin bike with Charles [PICTURES]Prince Edward's role in Royal Family boosted with prestigious new job [NEWS]Kate and Prince William hint at future family trip with children [COMMENT]  Royal watcher @enkienkiiii added: “She’s stunning.” Kate has accessorised with a white Salvatore Ferragamo clutch bag which is currently on sale for £255. It is 27 percent off from the original price of £352.  The Duchess' stunning earrings are her gold drop earrings in 'White Intarsia' from Kendra Scott.  They cost £51.60 to purchase online. These make a change from the earrings she was wearing earlier to depart from Belize. Kate was wearing her coral shell drop earrings from Anthropologie. The 14-carat glistening gold pieces sell for £48 and suited Kate's white and red outfit perfectly.   Royal fan @CambridgeAimee tweeted: "Little Miss sunshine" in reference to the Duchess' yellow dress. Similarly, royal watcher @gofollie added: "Catherine is gorgeous in yellow." Twitter user @Ale_Campos_GUA wrote: "She looks so vibrant!" A fan, @jeane38691545 said: "I want all of Kate's dresses from this tour." Social media user @fawltybeach commented saying: "How can anyone look that gorgeous in yellow? Amazing!" Another fan, @LDMac53 tweeted: "Wow! Catherine looks fantastic! What a look... best one so far." 