Rolls-Royce’s small modular reactors, also called SMRs, are around the size of two football pitches but can power half a million homes (a city the size of Leeds) with clean energy. While traditional nuclear power has a range of major drawbacks like the cost and time it takes to build them, SMRs look to be a revolutionary option Britain can use to decarbonise. Rolls-Royce has now secured a £500million cash injection to help build the technology. The investment comes from Qatar, the owners of French oil giant Perenco, US company Exelon Generation and £210million in UK Government funding. Now, the plan to put this technology on the market has taken a step forward after Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng called on Government regulators to assess the designs of the product. The company is hoping to develop a reactor that can mainly be manufactured in a factory. Mass producing them help to dramatically slash the development cost and make the innovations cheaper and more flexible. The SMRs are now set to begin the generic design assessment process. The Office for Nuclear Regulation, the Environment Agency and Natural Resources Wales, will oversee this process. Tom Samson, Rolls-Royce SMR chief executive, described his advancement as another major step towards the goal of being able to deploy the nuclear fleet. He said: “The UK regulatory process is internationally recognised and respected. “We welcome the scrutiny and challenge that goes into the assessment of our nuclear power plant design." Mr Kwarteng said: “This is a significant step in bringing SMRs into existence. We're proud to back Rolls' plan with an initial £210m to develop their design.” READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated But the process is far from over, as the firm still requires millions of pounds in investments to do further research, testing and design of the SMRs. As well as helping the UK with its own net zero goals, Rolls-Royce is also hoping to take advantage of the huge export potential for SMRs, which could bring a huge cash injection to Britain’s economy. Trade body the Nuclear Industry Association said: “This is a vital step forward for British nuclear technology. The UK needs the Rolls-Royce SMR to strengthen our energy security and cut our dependence on gas as we move toward net zero. “The SMR can also play an essential role in enhancing British industrial capability, creating tens of thousands of jobs, revitalising the nuclear skills base and boosting the green economic recovery.” Alan Woods, Director of Strategy and Business Development, Rolls-Royce SMR, told Express.co.uk: “There are a range of countries that have embarked on a decarbonisation journey. “We are active in a range of EU and non-EU countries including Poland, Czech Republic, Ukraine, Netherlands, Romania, Finland, Serbia and further afield such as South Africa. DON'T MISS Sturgeon slammed for blocking UK energy lifeline during Russia crisis [REPORT] Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REVEAL] Ancient Egypt discovery took researchers by surprise [INSIGHT] “Each country is at a different stage in its process to deploying SMRs with some looking at direct procurement and others in the fact-finding stage. “The key point is – there are a range of countries that see SMRs as a core part of the path to decarbonisation.” Rolls-Royce estimate that the export potential for the market as a whole is valued at around £250billion. Back in October, Express.co.uk spoke to Roll-Royce CTO Paul Stein. He said: “There is a big export potential for the UK. “We see it as a significant contribution not only to net zero but a revived UK economy. “The export opportunity for SMRs is £250billion for the total market. "We think we have got one of the most competitive designs in the world for SMR and we’re very upbeat in the UK’s role in taking a big share of the global market.”