Sue has been crafting for over 30 years, trying everything from decoupage to scrapbooking, but it was when she first saw a Cricut machine in 2007 that she realised the potential and versatility the machines would bring to her crafting. She introduced Hannah to this and they have been fans ever since. Hannah, a full-time teacher, suggested turning this joint passion for crafting into a business in 2018. When the coronavirus pandemic hit the UK in 2020, Hannah moved back in with her parents, and this gave an unexpected boost to their business, StrangeMagicCrafts. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Sue, co-founder of StrangeMagicCrafts about what she has learnt about business, and suggested what others can do if they have passion for something. Sue said: “It’s wonderful working with my daughter, and we’re lucky that we get on so well and are equally passionate about crafting with Cricut and building our business. “We recognise each others strengths so take different roles within the business. “There will always be times we have frustrations or creative differences but being family means we can overcome these more easily.” READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares 'cheapest way' to slash NHS prescription costs The business, specialising in customised gifts and drinkware, has enjoyed real growth over the last 12-18 months with products available through their Etsy shop as well as a chain of local handcraft stores called Craft Co-op. Sue and Hannah were able to spend more time working together on new designs, creating more products and focusing on developing their socialmedia presence. Coupled with an increase in consumers buying local, buying independent and buying from businesses able to provide products that were current, they experienced their most successful year with a water bottle supporting the NHS, their top-seller. Sue continued: “I have had my machine for quite a few years but decided more recently to make it into a business. “The amount we take fluctuates, especially with the seasons and the lockdowns. “I would say on average it has increased my income by about £1,500 -£2,000 a month.” She explained that the biggest boom in sales came out of the sadness of Covid as people could not get out to buy gifts. It was much easier for people to order gifts online to send so their sales increased. Due to the uptake in their sales, they have gone from selling in one shop to four, alongside their Etsy shop. StrangeMagicCrafts saw its most successful year yet during the pandemic with the quality of gifts produced with Cricut leading to positive reviews and repeat purchases. For people looking to start their own business, Sue offered some suggestions. She said: “It’s so important to learn by reading everything you can and just being patient. “Don’t expect it all to happen overnight! Try to find your niche and work within that by developing different ideas and designs tosee what works. “Dreams really do come true.”