Sources have claimed the Queen had been minded to sanction the name change to the NAAFI on advice from the Government after "hearts and minds were focused following the death and legacy of the Duke of Edinburgh". Her Majesty's reported decision to provide the title of "royal" to the NAAFI, which would become known as Royal NAAFI, is particularly poignant, as Prince Philip was aware of the desire to rename the organisation. Michael Ellis QC MP, who supported the application for the title, told the Mirror: "The NAAFI has played a vital part in supporting our armed forces for more than 100 years, throughout a number of overseas conflicts. "Receiving the 'royal' title is a truly significant honour and it clearly demonstrates how seriously this country takes NAAFI’s continued support for those who have served and continue to serve this country." Minister for Defence People and Veterans, Leo Docherty, joined in the celebrations for the name change. He said: "I am delighted that NAAFI has been granted the title Royal NAAFI. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "This is a great honour, particularly at the end of the NAAFI’s centenary year, and recognises their broader service to our Armed Forces. "The sacrifices made by NAAFI employees in their endeavours to serve those that serve are highly valued by Defence, and it is wonderful to see this recognition." The CEO of NAAFI, Steve Marshall, said to be "truly thankful" for the honour provided. He said: "We are truly thankful to receive the 'royal' title and we aim to repay this honour by continuing our excellent support to our Armed Forces as we begin our second century of operation. READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Queen have allowed Prince Andrew to escort her? "Everyone within NAAFI will take pride in this recognition and it will act as a timely boost to all our employees and loyal customers as they serve across the world today." The title "royal" is very sparingly awarded. In order to qualify for this honour, organisations must be able to show a real connection with the Royal Family as well as a close personal interest between themselves and members of the Firm. This is certainly true for the NAAFI, whose first patron was King George VI. The Queen took over this role upon the death of her father in February 1952. The connection between the Royal Family and the NAAFI continued over the years, as the organisation also provided service onboard the Royal Yacht Britannia throughout its commission. The NAAFI was first established in 1920, when Winston Churchill, then Secretary of State for War, created a committee to oversee the organisation of the Armed Forces’ canteens. Ever since, the association has provided leisure, catering and recreational services for Armed Forces members around the world. The Queen paid tribute to Prince Philip on Tuesday, when she attended in person the memorial taking place at Westminster Abbey. She was joined by a 1,800-strong congregation, which included members of the Royal Family, foreign royals, Government officials and representatives of some of the Duke's organisations. Her Majesty's attendance was even more heartfelt as this was her first in-person engagement outside of palace walls she took part in since October 2021. While in recent months she has changed her working schedule and has only taken part in duties at her residences, the Queen continues with her royal work. On Wednesday, the monarch carried out seven engagements, as reported in the Court Circular which registers all the official engagements carried out by senior royals. During the day, Her Majesty held six audiences with former aides of the Duke of Edinburgh - who were awarded various insignia of the Royal Victorian Order as a tribute to their work. And on the evening, she held her weekly call with the Prime Minister via telephone.