Liverpool midfielder Thiago Alcantara is a ‘major doubt’ for the Reds’ FA Cup clash with Norwich City after hobbling off in the warm-up prior to Sunday’s Carabao Cup final. The Spaniard was seen in tears after being cut from the starting 11 due to his injury.   Thiago is said to have injured his hamstring as he prepared to face Chelsea. Thiago was shown crying and being consoled by goalkeeper Alisson Becker during the Wembley showdown, which Liverpool eventually won following a dramatic penalty shootout. The midfielder jubilantly joined in with the celebrations. However, Thiago remains a doubt to feature in Liverpool’s cup tie against Norwich on Tuesday.   JUST IN: Chelsea crisis as Abramovich faces rethink with 'two trustees' concern According to the Liverpool Echo, the club’s medical staff are continuing to monitor the former Barcelona star. They are yet to ascertain the extend of his injury. It was only last week that Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp revealed the club were ‘working on’ keeping Thiago fit. The 30-year-old has been outstanding for the Anfield outfit since his summer 2020 transfer from Bayern Munich but has at times struggled with injuries. "He’s a very, very good player. We were never in doubt about that. His skillset is insane but it’s all about staying fit and that’s what we are working on together,” Klopp said after Liverpool thumped Leeds 6-0. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  "I think last season in the last eight or nine games I think he played pretty consistently all the games if I’m right? Which as I remember, it was a pretty good spell as well. I think we all agree – Thiago agrees – that there were moments when he struggled injury wise. "That’s how it is. Then coming back, even with his quality, you cannot get rhythm all the time immediately. “You get rhythm, but not immediately always and that’s very helpful if you can stay fit for a longer period. "It’s not so important whether you play the first 60, the last 30 or the 45 or whatever because it’s then we have to try and find the right intensity for him and even when we worked now longer together, obviously it’s not for ages. "It’s not that we know absolutely everything and that’s why we try to –without keeping him outside when he’s all ready to play - we just try to do the right things and that’s worked out now the last few games." DON'T MISS...Everton 'incandescent' on VAR injustice after third Kavanagh callArsenal announce £107.3m hit as 'unclear' agreement may spell troubleLeeds announce Marsch as Bielsa replacement with long-term contract Thiago has helped Liverpool move back in contention for the Premier League title in recent months. Klopp’s side are six points off leaders Manchester City but still need to play the reigning champions and have a game in hand. Sunday’s Carabao Cup defeat was the first trophy Thiago had won during his time at the club.   