The Foo Fighters star, 53, recounted how he went to the hospital after experiencing a typical symptom of a heart attack - chest pain. He told Lars Ulrich on the Electric Show in 2017: “I started having f** chest pains. I just turned 40, and I was like, ‘Of course I’m gonna die, I’m 40!” The night he started feeling the pains, he had been playing a Teenage Cancer Trust gig at the Royal Albert Hall with his band Them Crooked Vultures. When he got home, he took himself to the doctors where he was given several tests.  He said: “I come home and call my doctor. 'I'm having chest pains.' And he's like 'Are you having them right now?' 'Yeah, kinda.' “He goes, 'Get in here!' So I go to the doctor's office and like, full six million dollar man, on the treadmill, and fing X-rays, and fing stuff everywhere. “Then he's like, 'Just go do an MRI.' And I'm convinced I'm dying." In the end, Grohl found out it wasn’t a heart attack that was causing his chest pains - it was from drinking too much coffee.  READ MORE: High cholesterol: The food that can 'remove bad cholesterol’ He said: “I come home and call my doctor. 'I'm having chest pains.' And he's like 'Are you having them right now?' 'Yeah, kinda.' “He goes, 'Get in here!' So I go to the doctor's office and like, full six million dollar man, on the treadmill, and fing X-rays, and fing stuff everywhere. “Then he's like, 'Just go do an MRI.' And I'm convinced I'm dying." In the end, Grohl found out it wasn’t a heart attack that was causing his chest pains - it was from drinking too much coffee.  Grohl confessed that when he was out doing shows he was only sleeping four hours a night and drinking three pots of coffee a day. The rock legend recalled what his doctor said: "He takes one look at my heart thing and he goes, 'How old are you?' I said, 'I'm 40.' He goes, 'Why are you here?' I said, 'Because I'm having fucking chest pains and I think I'm gonna die!' “He says, 'Your heart looks fine. Are you under a lot of stress?' I'm like 'A little bit.' And he goes 'Do you sleep much?' 'I sleep like four hours a night'. "He then goes, 'Do you drink coffee?' [Laughs] I was like 'Yeah, a little bit.' I told him I'm a musician. DON'T MISSSandi Toksvig: 'I'm going to die' - Presenter's health fears [INTERVIEW]'Strong evidence': The food that's a 'cause' of cancer [REPORT]High blood pressure: Four food types to 'limit' [INSIGHT] “He says, 'Lay back on the coffee, play drums three or four days a week, and have a glass of red wine before bed.' That was his prescription! And I did! And look at me now! It worked like a f** charm!" According to the Mayo Clinic, most people can consume up to 400 milligrams of caffeine a day–roughly about four of five cups. Any more than that can have negative effects on the body. Research by the University of South Australia found that long term coffee consumption and found that excessive caffeine can cause high blood pressure–a contributor to heart disease.   The NHS supports these findings. The health body stated that drinking more than 4 cups of coffee a day may increase your blood pressure. They also state that if you’re a “big fan” of the drink, as well as some energy drinks, you should “consider cutting down”. “It's fine to drink tea and coffee as part of a balanced diet, but it's important that these drinks are not your main or only source of fluid,” it added.  So, although Grohl didn’t have a heart attack, he was right to be concerned because it could well have been one. According to Mayo Clinic, there are also a number of other side effects including headaches, insomnia and nervousness. Its advice for cutting back on coffee, which can have withdrawal effects, is to keep tabs of how much you’re drinking by reading the labels of any caffeinated drinks you have. They also recommend cutting back slowly–just cutting down by a couple of cups a day initially. And lastly, they advise going decaf. 