Meghan Markle announced the launch of her latest project earlier this week. Archetypes will explore the impact of stereotypes and typecasting on women around the world. The Duchess plans to talk to experts, historians and women who have experienced being typecast. In a trailer released for the Archewell Audio project released on Thursday, the Duchess said: “This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us… but where do these stereotypes come from? And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?” While the guest line-up has not been announced, one royal commentator believes Meghan will welcome some high profile personalities. Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror told Pod Save The Queen on Thursday that the Duchess will “pull in the big guns” for her newest venture. He said: “This is going to be huge because she will pull in the big guns. “You would imagine that she will have lots of very powerful, famous women and women who have overcome adversity to rise up through the ranks in whatever industry and field that they have become successful in. “I think it’s hugely exciting.” Since signing the multi-million pound deal with Spotify in 2020, Meghan and her husband Prince Harry have only released one podcast episode — a holiday special that featured the likes of Stacey Abrams, José Andrés, James Corden, Elton John, Naomi Osaka and Tyler Perry. It appears that the Duchess is going solo for her podcast investigating the labels and stereotypes "that try to hold women back." Mr Myers noted Prince Harry’s absence from Archewell’s latest project. He said: “Interesting that the first podcast was launched with Harry in it, and they’ve definitely gone in a different direction. “This definitely feels to me [like] a more sensible approach to try and have a real identity, rather than just having them two just chatting away because that would just be like our podcast.” The production of Meghan’s podcast was halted amid widespread backlash concerning Spotify’s loyalties to controversial sources. Joe Rogan was criticised for using his podcast to spread coronavirus misinformation. Archewell Audio held talks with Spotify about reducing misinformation on the platform in the wake of criticism. Rogan has since promised to be more "balanced" and Spotify is introducing a "content advisory" to any podcast episode that discusses coronavirus. Last week, a spokesperson for the Sussexes confirmed that Archewell Audio would be resuming production with Spotify after their temporary pause. It has been reported that Archewell Audio is “encouraged by ongoing conversations” with Spotify about the platform’s strategy to tackle misinformation and will therefore continue with the podcast. Spotify and Archewell Audio said on Thursday: "Spotify and Archewell Audio both value responsible stewardship of the audio landscape, and as explained recently, are committed to working closely to support transparency and strong principles of trust and safety.” Archetypes, which is set to launch this summer, will feature "uncensored conversations" about how typecasts can influence and change narratives. The one-minute trailer released on Thursday concludes with Meghan saying: "This is Archetypes, the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. I'll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. And I'll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place."