Guenther Steiner is the man leading Haas into Formula 1 for a ninth season in 2022, as the American-based team head into the new campaign looking to better their dismal last place finish in 2021. Steiner and his Haas team have been making headlines this week, following the controversies surrounding now former Russian driver Nikita Mazepin. As a result many expected Mazepin to be banned from competing by the sport’s governing body the FIA, following Russia’s invasion of neighbouring Ukraine. However the Russian star was spared by the powers that be, with the FIA confirming Russian and Belarusian racers could compete if they were to sign and agree to a code of conduct. Following pressure though, Mazepin then lost his seat after being sacked by his employer Haas on Saturday. Haas also cut ties with their title sponsor, Uralkali - a company run by Mazepin’s father Dmitry - due to their links to the state of Russia. Whilst the decision is set to have financial implications on the American-based team, Steiner believes it will not prove an issue. He said: “It is a headache but it's not something which disturbs the team on the competition side. "Financially, we are OK. It has no implication on the team, how we are running it, or how we plan the season.  "There are more ways to get the funding, so there is no issue with that one." The 56-year-old has been involved and worked within Formula 1 since 2001, beginning his F1 career as the team principal of Jaguar. Jaguar Racing were then purchased by Red Bull in 2004, and Steiner acted as the new setup’s technical operations director.  The Italian then made the switch over to the NASCAR section of the team in 2006, and acted as the team director for two years before leaving his post in April 2008. Steiner then made a long–awaited return to Formula 1 in 2014, after being announced as Haas’ team principal that year. Following a long and successful career in motorsport, Steiner’s current net worth stands between £761,000 and £3.8 million according to Essentially Sports.