The US President, speaking to journalists at the White House, later clarified his view by labelling Putin as such. It was the first time Mr Biden publicly branded the Russian leader a war criminal – even though initially, when asked if he was "ready" to attribute him that tag, he said no. He shortly after tweeted: "Putin is inflicting appalling devastation and horror on Ukraine — bombing apartment buildings and maternity wards. "Yesterday, we saw reports that Russian forces were holding hundreds of doctors and patients hostage. These are atrocities. It is an outrage to the world." Press secretary Jen Psaki said in the media briefing: "The President's remarks speak for themselves." When pressed on Mr Biden's contradicting responses by a reporter, she added: "He was answering a direct question that was asked and responding to what he has seen on television. "We have all seen barbaric acts, horrific acts by a foreign dictator in a country that is threatening and taking the lives of civilians – impacting hospitals, women who are pregnant, journalists, others and I think he was answering a direct question." Ms Psaki stressed the president was "speaking from the heart". NUCLEAR WAR WARNING: World on brink of destruction – '100 ways' conflict could turn atomic According to Russia's Ria Novosti news agency, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Mr Biden's comments were "unacceptable and unforgivable rhetoric by the leader of a country from whose bombs hundreds of thousands of people have died". As recently as two weeks ago, Mr Biden stopped short of calling Russia's actions a war crime, citing ongoing investigations into whether that term could be used. He said: "We are following it very closely. "It's too early to say that." In contrast, on the day of those remarks, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said bombing innocent civilians "already fully qualifies as a war crime". Other officials, including Vice President Kamala Harris, avoided referring to war crimes, too. Last week, Mr Harris referenced "atrocities" committed by the Russians and said the UN should investigate the allegations of Russian war crimes. Mr Biden will travel to Brussels next week to meet with world leaders and discuss the war in Ukraine at the NATO summit on March 24 as also join a European Council meeting. DON'T MISSRussia TV protest: Was protestor a Russian mole working for Putin? [ANALYSIS]NATO warships revealed: How big is the 30 member alliance navy? [INSIGHT]Two worrying WAR scenarios that could force the West to intervene [EXPLAINER] His latest comments, which reflect a shift from Washington's previous stance, come amid a probe by the International Criminal Court (ICC) into Putin over possible war crimes in Ukraine, where attacks have already entered their third week. The ICC's chief prosecutor, Karim Khan, replied on Wednesday when asked whether Putin should be called a war criminal: "Absolutely. "Call it what it is. He is attacking hospitals, maternity wards, apartment buildings." Speaking from Ukraine, he said: "The law is clear on this. It is a crime to intentionally target civilians. It is a crime to intentionally target civilian objects. Now, of course, there has to be further investigation." In an interview with CNN in Lviv, Mr Khan added: "Were those civilian objects being used to launch attacks that make them a legitimate target? "But even then, there is no licence to use cluster bombs or use disproportionate attacks in concentrated civilian areas. "There’s a duty of distinction."