Manchester United have been warned by a Dutch football expert to 'put a contract down' for Erik ten Hag quickly as two more 'top European clubs' are also monitoring the Ajax manager. Ten Hag is one of four leading candidates to become United's new boss this summer, but the club might not have a clear path to his services. Several reports have confirmed United have narrowed down their search to four names ahead of the club's most important decision since deciding Sir Alex Ferguson's successor in 2013. Ten Hag headlines a shortlist including Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino, Sevilla's Julen Lopetegui and Spain boss Luis Enrique. The Red Devils' search, fronted by football director John Murtough has been thorough to avoid repeating the same mistakes that have contributed to a damning decline over the past decade. And that hunt could soon come to a close after Ten Hag was the first candidate to be interviewed on Monday. United are also expected to meet the other three names before deciding who will replace Ralf Rangnick in the Old Trafford hot seat next season. However, the club have been urged to 'speed up' the process after meeting Ten Hag, with the prospect of appointing him coming under threat. JUST IN: Gary Neville goes against Man Utd fans in Erik ten Hag calls According to Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan, United could face competition by two other European heavyweights looking for a new manager at the end of the current campaign. Van der Kraan has told the Premier League giants to offer Ten Hag a contract before it's too late if he is their first-choice option. He told Sky Sports News: "If Manchester United want Erik ten Hag they'll have to speed things up and put a contract down. Two other top European clubs are looking at him." READ MORE: Man Utd and Tottenham warned about 'big cry baby' Paulo Dybala It's unclear which other two clubs could be circling the Ajax icon, but if United's bid for his services comes under threat, they could decide to abort plans to interview other candidates. Especially if Ten Hag impressed the club as much as reports suggest he did in the aftermath. United are said to have been impressed with the 52-year-old's vision for the future under his watch and his English, which he has been mastering in recent months. The search could conclude before club football resumes next weekend, but it's certainly not done yet. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.