Sophie, Countess of Wessex arrived at Westminster Abbey this morning alongside her family to celebrate the life of Prince Philip, The Duke of Edinburgh, who passed away last year. She was joined by members of the Royal Family including Prince Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Kate as well as members of the armed forces. The Prince passed away on April 9, 2021 at Windsor Castle at the age of 99. He was the longest-serving royal consort, supporting his wife for 70 years after leaving active military service in 1952. Sophie, Countess of Wessex arrived at the ceremonial service wearing a long navy coat dress with a v-neckline. The velvet dress by Suzannah London retails online for £3,000. READ MORE: Queen Letizia wears forest green coat & hat to Prince Philip memorial She paired the number with a pair of stiletto heels and a black headband. The headband featured a thick band around the top and a bow detailing at the back. Sophie’s blonde fringe swept over her forehead with the rest of her hair tucked at the back. The ankle-length dress featured large fabric buttons down the middle and a pleat skirt at the bottom. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton steps out in statement hat for Prince Philip memorial [PICTURES]Kate Middleton style: Duchess’ Caribbean wardrobe cost £35,000 [INSIGHT]Hidden meanings behind Kate Middleton's Caribbean emeralds from Queen [EXPLAINER] It also had a lapel collar and long sleeves. Her stiletto hells were from L.K Bennett and are a staple in the Countess’ wardrobe. The Harley Suede shoes retail for £200 and come in a variety of different colours. Sophie opted for minimal jewellery, adding a dainty cross necklace to the look.  The royal added a pair of silver drop earrings to complete her look. The royal carried a black clutch bag in her hand which had small metal detailing. She also opted for a diamond flower brooch to complete the look, a brooch which she has worn several times. Taking to Instagram, royal fans loved the Countess’ formal look. User RoyalLover wrote: “She’s so elegant.” User TheWessexes commented: “Gorgeous look.” Kate Middleton also attended Prince Philip’s memorial service, along with Prince William, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. The Duchess opted for a maxi dress which was black and had small white polka dots. It featured balloon shoulders and long sleeves, with a pleat skirt. She added a statement hat to complete the look with a pair or black heels.