Emma Watson, 31, is best known for playing Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter franchise, having starred in Little Women, Beauty and the Beast and other hits since. The actress left some fans wondering if she was making a dig at JK Rowling, as she took to the stage to present the award for Best Outstanding British Film at this years BAFTAs. The actress was introduced by host Rebel Wilson, as she said: "Here to present the next award is Emma Watson. "She calls herself a feminist, but we all know she's a witch." Emma then emphasised on her entrance: "I'm here for ALL the witches!" Many social media users believe this to be a dig at the Harry Potter creator, JK, and took to Twitter to praise the actress for her statement. READ MORE: Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert Emmath0ughts said: "Emma Watson saying 'I'm here for ALL of the witches' was absolutely a dig at JK Rowling and I couldn't love her more for it #BAFTAs." Alice38922349 added: "Emma Watson unsurprisingly continues to show the importance of love and acceptance for all whilst JK Rowling spirals even further into creating the polar opposite #translivesmatter #BAFTA2022." RealJoeGreeeen penned: "Emma Watson destroying JK #baftas." However, other social media users took to Twitter to defend the author of the multi million franchise. DavidBancz said: "I wonder where Emma Watson would be without JK Rowling? "Probably asking 'Do you want fries with that?'" Jongaunt added: "Does this women ever stop virtue signalling and s******g off the genius who made her?" Nuttygothictart commented: "Emma Watson and the cast of Harry Potter need to realise that they owe their entire career to JK Rowling. "If it wasn't for JK, they wouldn't be where they are now." DON'T MISS... Alex Scott goes underwear-free in risque gown with thigh-high split [LATEST] Aled Jones' daughter Emilia wows in daring thigh high split dress [PICTURES] Strictly’s Claudia Winkleman on behind scenes fears over BBC show [INSIGHT] Host Rebel also took a swipe at the author earlier on at the show when a photo of herself at the 2020 BAFTAs appeared on the screen. She told the audience, referencing her weight loss: "That was me two years ago and since then I've done quite a transformation - I hope JK Rowling still approves." The controversy surrounding the famous author began in 2020, when she openly criticise an article that said "people who menstruate" instead of women. JK continued the Twitter threat discussing biological sex, to the anger of many social media users. She justified her comments, saying: "At the same time, my life has been shaped by being female. I do not believe it’s hateful to say so." The author then added that she of course "respects trans people's rights to live any way that feels authentic and comfortable to them." Then in September 2020 she faced renewed calls of transphobia after the villain in her new book Troubled Blood was revealed. In the book Robert Galbraith is a male serial killer who dresses as a woman to slay his victims. In wake of those remarks, Harry Potter stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma and Fantastic Beasts Eddie Redmayne criticised the author. Emma tweeted on June 10 that year: "Trans people are who they say they are and deserve to live their lives without being constantly questioned or told they aren't who they say they are. "I want my trans followers to know that I and so many other people around the world see you, respect you and love you for who you are." In December, Rowling was once again forced to deny that she is transphobic as she argued for sex, not gender identity, to be the "basis of decisions on safeguarding". Last week, the author also accused Labour of cancelling women on International Women's Day after their Shadow Equalities minister refused to give the Party's definition of "female". Anneliese Dodds said it "depends on what the context is" when asked for the definition by BBC presenter Emma Barnett on Woman's Hour.