New research from the University of Barcelona noted that a high-fat diet was "not enough" to cause short-term fatty liver disease, but if it's accompanied by certain drinks, "the accumulation of fats in the liver accelerates". Furthermore, "hypertriglyceridemia – a cardiovascular risk factor – can appear". Hypertriglyceridemia is another term to describe elevated triglyceride levels, which increase the risk of heart disease and stroke. The researchers revealed that "beverages sweetened with liquid fructose" have been shown to accelerate the accumulation of fats in the liver. What is liquid fructose? Fructose is a "common sweetener" obtained from corn syrup, but it is associated with metabolic diseases. According to the research, "high-fat diets which are supplemented with liquid fructose... induces an increase in the de novo ipogenesis". Professor Juan Carlos Laguna, from the Department of Pharmacology, Toxicology and Therapeutical Chemistry, elaborated. READ MORE: Statins side effects – Two 'common' but smelly side effects of the cholesterol medicine De novo ipogenesis is the "formation of fats through sugar – and an inhibition of the lipid oxidation of the liver". Professor Laguna said: "Fructose intake directly affects the expression and activity of the nuclear factor ChREBP. "Once activated, this factor causes an increase in the expression of enzymes that control the hepatic synthesis of fatty acids." To combat fatty liver disease, a person needs to follow a healthy diet and increase their physical activity. The researchers made clear that the fructose in sweetened drinks is "quickly absorbed" by the liver. While fructose is naturally found in fruits, compared to sweetened beverages, the absorption is much slower. This is because fruits contain fibre, which helps to slow down the absorption of fructose. The NHS elaborated on what it means to eat a healthy diet to help lower fat levels in the liver. A healthy diet involves "eating a wide variety of foods in the right proportions". Everybody is encouraged to eat "at least five portions of a variety of fruit and vegetables every day". Meals need to be based on "higher fibre starchy foods like potatoes, bread, rice, or pasta". The consumption of beans, pulses, fish, eggs, and meat is also part of a well-balanced diet. The NHS added: "If you're having foods and drinks that are high in fat, salt and sugar, have these less often and in small amounts." Foods high in saturated fats to cut down on include: Sugary foods and drinks to cut down on include: In terms of exercise, nearly three hours of activity each week is recommended to help remove fatty liver disease.