Kate Middleton and Prince William’s Royal Tour of the Caribbean came to a close last night with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arriving back in the UK earlier today. During her time in Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, Kate wore an array of outfits - a mixture of designer labels and high street brands. In total, Kate’s outfits for the week-long tour are said to cost around £35,000. Here’s everything the Duchess wore and how much each item cost. For her first appearance in the Caribbean, Kate opted for a cobalt blue lace suit dress, a matching clutch back and shoes. In total, this outfit cost £2634. Jacket and skirt: £2,304 by Jenny Packham Shoes: £315 by Emmy London Mask: £15 by Amaia Kids On the second day, Kate opted for a more relaxed beach dress in a beautiful floral print. The whole outfit cost £885. Dress: £500 by Tory Burch Bag: British designer Anya Hindmarch - worn before Earrings: £55 by Sézane Shoes: £330 'Hestia' Embellished Woven Raffia Espadrilles In White by Stella McCartney Sunglasses: Ray-Ban - worn before During the afternoon of the second day, Kate and William explored Belize’s beautiful barrier reef - the second largest in the world - at South Water Caye. Wetsuit: £72.95 READ MORE: Mother's Day: Kate Middleton & Meghan Markle's parenting styles For the third day, the Duke and Duchess visited an iconic ancient Mayan archaeological site deep in the jungle in the Chiquibul Forest, and Kate dressed accordingly in khaki trousers and a plain white t-shirt. Her outfit cost £447 in total. Top: £35 by John Lewis Jacket: £90 Belted Tencel Safari Shirt by Scotch and Soda Trousers: £70 by G-Star RAW Shoes: £57 by Superga 2750 trainers Sunglasses: £115 New Wayfarer Classic by Ray-ban Earrings: Spells of Love Medium Hoops - worn before Shoes: £80 by Palladium Pampa High Kate chose a bright pink floor-length gown for the evening reception which was hosted by the Governor-General of Belize in celebration of Her Majesty The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. This outfit cost £2500. Dress: £2,500 by The Vampire's Wife Earrings: Onitaa - worn before Shoes: Jimmy Choo sandals - worn before Bag: Xe'il Belize - gifted by local designer DON'T MISS...Jamie Oliver’s American-style pancake recipe - how to make [GUIDE]Intermittent fasting can produce ‘significant weight loss’ - diet plan [RESEARCH]Queen Maxima of the Netherlands chose oldest jewels for first tiara [PICTURES] When leaving Belize for Jamaica, Kate opted for white wide-leg trousers and a burnt orange military-style jacket which was later revealed to be a vintage piece she had kept in her wardrobe since her time at university. The whole outfit cost £1310. Jacket: Vintage Yves Saint Laurent Trousers: £660 by Alexander McQueen Shoes: £605 Cece 105 Pumps by Aquazzura Bag: Mulberry Small Amberley Crossbody bag - worn before Earrings: £45 Coral Shell Drop Earrings by Anthropologie Bracelet: Maya Torque Aquamarine & Gold Bangle by Halcyon Days - worn before After a couple of hours in the air, Kate had changed to arrive in Jamaica. The Duchess chose a bright yellow dress in honour of the Jamaican flag. This outfit cost £1160. Dress: £1,095 by Roksanda Bag: Bespoke clutch y Ferragamo Earrings £65 'Celeste' by Sezane Later that afternoon Kate and William visited Trench Town, the birthplace of reggae music, and the Duke joined in with some young football players for a quick game. Kate chose a summer dress with a beautiful pattern and vibrant colours. The outfit cost £613. Dress: £369 vintage by Willow Hilson Vintage Shoes: £195 by Russell and Bromley Earrings: Maria Black - worn before Bangle: £48 by Lashawndla Bailey-Miller Shoes: Aquazzura - worn before When meeting the Jamaican Prime Minister Kate wore a white suit with an orange shirt and matching accessories. This outfit came to a total of £2438. Suit: £1,945 by Alexander McQueen Blouse: £249 by Ridley London Earrings: Worn before Bangle: Worn before Handbag: £229 by Willow Hanson Mask: £15 by Amaia Kids Adult Mask Later that evening, Kate wore an emerald green ballgown by one of her favourite designers for a dinner hosted by the Governor-General of Jamaica, Patrick Allen, at King’s House in Kingston. Dress: £3,791 (estimation) by Jenny Packham Earrings: Borrowed from the Queen For a military parade, some royal fans suggested the Duchess channelled the Queen. Kate was photographed wearing another lace dress, this time in white, with a matching hat, bag and shoes. Overall, the outfit is said to cost £2315. Dress: £1,500 (estimation) by Alexander McQueen Fascinator: Philip Treacy Bag: £400 by Anya Hindmarch Bracelet: Borrowed from Princess Diana's collection Shoes: £415 by Emmy London Earrings: Borrowed from the Queen To leave Jamaica, Kate boarded the plane in a bright green dress and a symbolic brooch - the Queen’s hummingbird. Considering the dress was a re-wear, the shoes were the only costly item of the outfit. Dress: Emilia Wickstead - worn before Shoes: £550 by Gianvito 105 To step off the plane in The Bahamas, Kate opted for another Emilia Wickstead dress, this time in blue. Dress: £1380 (estimation) by Emilia Wickstead Shoes: Worn before Earrings: £98 by Sezane Day seven: School visit Despite the heavens opening and the Duke and Duchess getting wet, Kate dazzled in a mint green dress when visiting a local school. This outfit cost £407. Dress: £350 by Self Portrait Shoes: Jimmy Choo - worn before Earrings: £57  by Nadia Irena That afternoon, Kate and William atteneded the Platinum Jubilee Sailing Regatta. For the occasion, Kate got her legs out and chose shorts and a polo top. Shorts: £26.17 by J.Crew Top: £19.99 (originally £40) by Gill. Earrings: £60 by spells of Love To attend a reception hosted by the Governor-General, Kate chose a satin ballgown which caused a stir among royal fans who suggested she looked like Cinderella. The glamorous outfit set Kate back £6725. Dress: £6,500 (estimation) by Phillipa Lepley Bag: £225 by Lulu Guinness Jewellery: Van Cleef & Arpels - worn before For her final day in the Caribbean, Kate stood out in a beautiful bubblegum pink shirt dress with matching accessories. This outfit is said to cost £784. Dress: £254 by Rixo Shoes: £160 by Castañer Bag: £370 by Emmy London To leave the Caribbean, Kate divided both royal fans and fashionistas with a yellow floral dress. Her final outfit is said to cost £6223. Dress: £1,655 by Alessandra Rich Shoes: £560 by Gianvito Rossi Bag: £598 by Ferragamo Earrings: £3,400 by Patrick Mavro Royal fans took to Twitter to praise the tour and Kate’s choice of outfits. One said: “A beautiful tour. ou showed grace and dignity throughout.  Your interactions between the people of the islands will be the most memorable.  Thank you.” Someone else wrote: “A huge well done to you both on a fantastic tour - you have shown incredible dignity & strength throughout, despite the challenges! Excellent statement, great to see you listening and adapting to the needs of the modern world. You will make a fab King & Queen someday!” A third added: “Such incredible outfits the #DuchessofCambridge wore on this tour. Hard to pick a favourite!” One mentioned: “Regardless of what she wears, she is always beautiful.”