The Duke of York looked sombre as he stepped out for today's event at Westminster Abbey. Prince Andrew was joined by his siblings alongside more than 30 foreign royals and the extended Royal Family for Prince Philip's memorial. The Duke had withdrawn from royal duties following sexual abuse allegations, which he vehemently denies, made by Virginia Giuffre in the US. He arrived at the service with the Queen by his side in a sign of Her Majesty's support for her son.     The Duke had a front row seat, sitting close to his other siblings, with his daughters Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice also in attendance. There was, however, no sign of his ex-wife Sarah, Duchess of York. The Queen walked with her son at a slow but steady pace as Prince Andrew walked her to her seat arm in arm. The Duke's attendance has caused a social media storm with many reacting to the sign of support shown by the Queen as she arrived in the Land Rover with Andrew and walked with him to her seat.   One user on Twitter, duchessofpoms, wrote: "So the queen doesn’t want to be seen in a wheelchair even tho she has mobility issues but she doesn’t mind being seen with Prince Andrew." Journalist and broadcaster, Benjamin Butterworth, wrote: "This shows just how little the royals understand the public revulsion at Prince Andrew. It’s a kick in the face for the victims of sex trafficking to see Andrew ride alongside the head of state like this". Royal correspondent, Charlie Proctor, commented: "This is honestly gobsmacking.   "Nobody has done more damage to the Royal Family in recent times than Prince Andrew. "Giving him the main role of ‘consort to his mother’ is quite ridiculous. "How much has he cost Mummy again in legal fees?" The Queen was also criticised over the decision to show what appears to be a clear sign of support to her son. Kevin Maguire, Daily Mirror's associate editor, tweeted: "The Queen chose disgraced Andrew, a son who paid £12m to settle a sex case and avoid court, to escort her into Westminster Abbey."  Another user commented: "Of course they can both mourn the DoE. I don't even begrudge Prince Andrew attending the service. But the Queen choosing to ride there with Andrew - out of all her relatives - sends a questionable message". Others shamed Buckingham Palace for the decision to have Prince Andrew arrive and walk in alongside his mother. Twitter user JordanLee wrote: "Allowing Prince Andrew to walk The Queen into Westminster Abbey was a terrible decision by Buckingham Palace. What does it say to victims of sexual assault? Terrible optics just days after a poorly organised tour." Not everyone agreed with the criticism, as one user came to the family's defence writing: "There will be criticism of Queen for arriving with Prince Andrew but he is her son and they are honouring his father. They are a family not just a Royal family". It is the Duke of York's first public appearance since the settlement of a civil sex assault case in the US. Buckingham Palace were contacted for a statement, to which they simply replied: "It was a family arrangement".  