In 2021, Nicola Walker revealed she would be stepping away from her role as DCI Cassie Stewart after the character was involved in a devastating car crash that left her on life support and, in the end, dying of a brain injury. However, after fans thought that would be the end of the series, it was recently revealed Sinead Keenan would be taking on the new role of DCI Jessica 'Jessie' James alongside Sunny Khan (played by Sanjeev Bhaskar). On Wednesday, After Life star Kate Robbins shared her excitement to be a part of the team as she took to Twitter to share a snap of her alongside Sinead. In a selfie image of herself showing that filming had begun, she captioned the tweet: "Thrilled to be on set filming #Unforgotten series 5." She later tweeted a picture of herself alongside Sinead and praised: "Oh, yes.. you’re going to love @SineadKeenan in #Unforgotten series 5. "Here’s a selfie of me basking in her talent on set!" Many fans were thrilled to find out the series would be returning with Kate and Sinead also starring in the ITV drama. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Alison Waterfield wrote: "Can’t wait #Unforgotten Series 5!" Andy Morgan commented: "Looking absolutely beautiful, Kate... You are a diversely diamond talented lady." @Cockneynowitall said: "Can't wait but #nicolewalker will be missed and a massive gap to fill #unforgotten @UnforgottenTV." (sic) Speaking about her new role ahead of filming, Sinead said: "I have long been an admirer of Chris Lang’s work, so I am absolutely delighted to be joining the Unforgotten team. "I’m very much looking forward to working with the extraordinary cast led by the brilliant and incredibly lovely Sanjeev Bhaskar. "And I’m hoping that if I play my cards right, I might even get to take a peek in Sunny’s backpack!" Back in August 2021, Nicola opened up about why she was leaving the show and said: "Beginnings and endings are really difficult. "Spooks taught me that you can cut off one head in a drama series, and it has a really fantastic effect on the show – it allows other characters to evolve and new ones to be born. DON'T MISS...Unforgotten season 5: ITV unveils Nicola Walker's replacement [INSIGHT]Who will replace Nicola Walker in Unforgotten? [LATEST]Unforgotten's Sanjeev Bhaskar says TV bosses need to 'break the taboo' [WATCH] "I was terrified of letting slip storylines, and Cassie’s death was the worst one to carry around, I didn’t even tell my dad or my brother," she admitted. The release date of season five hasn't been confirmed just yet, but bosses have revealed what viewers can expect from DCI James' arrival. The ITV drama will see the return of DS Murray Boulting (Jordan Long) and DC Fran Lingley (Carolina Main). The opening of the new series sees the clock ticking down to DCI James' first day on the job, where she is immediately hit with her first case, the discovery of human remains As the murder mystery series unfolds, will Jessie be able to work in the shadow of the team's much-loved colleague Cassie Stuart? Will her first impressions set her on the right path to get along with her team, or will the thought of failing her much-respected predecessor get the better of her? Series five will be compiled into five episodes which will no doubt have audiences at the edge of their seat with another emotional and gripping investigation. Season 1-4 of Unforgotten is available to watch on Britbox. 