Davina McCall’s hairdresser boyfriend, Michael Douglas, has revealed his shock after finding a bald spot on his head. He admitted that discovering he had alopecia hit him particularly hard because he is “quite vain” and he “never prepared” to lose his hair. In a candid Instagram Live, Michael revealed the news to his 49,000 followers while showing a round bald patch above his ear. He said: “I was quite shocked to find this bald patch. “I've never suffered with alopecia before and it scared the bejeesus out of me. “As you know I'm quite vain, so I'm not delighted about it. READ MORE:Piers Morgan left ‘utterly devastated’ over the death of Shane Warne “At first, I thought I was just paranoid, but I realised I'm definitely losing my hair. I've never prepared myself for losing my hair." Michael also said that he tried to “put it to the back of his mind” because it seemed “trivial” compared to other issues in the world. Michael was Davina's hair stylist and a friend of 20 years before they made their relationship public in 2019. The hairdresser has styled the hair of numerous celebrities including Johnny Depp, Kate Moss, Holly Willoughby and Sienna Miller. After three years together the couple began hosting a podcast called Making the Cut. In one episode, Davina confessed that Michael had been like a therapist to her for many years. She said: “Having been on the receiving end of being in the chair while you do my hair, it is like therapy. You ‘therapied’ me for many, many, years!” Both Davina and Michael have been married before. DON'T MISSShane Warne Liz Hurley romance: Inside late cricketer's relationship[LATEST]Shane Warne 'missed the love' with Liz Hurley on 'happiest' days[INSIGHT]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[NEWS] The Masked Singer judge was married to Andrew Leggett from 1997 to 1999 and then to Pet Rescue presenter Matthew Robertson in 2000. She shares three children with Matthew: Holly, 20, Tilly, 18, and Chester, 15. They called it quits in 2017 with Davina telling Hello!: “I am very sad to say that Matthew and I have separated. “Our amazing children are our number one priority, above everything else so therefore we ask for as much space and respect from the media as possible while our family goes through this difficult time." Michael was married to Tracey Douglas with whom he shares two sons. Davina and Michael now live together in Kent with her youngest children Tilly and Chester. The presenter previously revealed that they agreed never to discuss their relationship publicly. She told OK! In January: “We’ve got an agreement that I don’t talk about our relationship, because our exes and kids don’t have a right to reply, so it’s not fair.”