The number of families receiving Child Benefit is currently the lowest since it was first measured in 2003. This is expected to worsen as rising wages will see more families paying the tax charge and less benefiting from the payments.  In August 2021, 7.74 million families claimed Child Benefit for 13.32 million children, a 10.5 percent drop since 2012 before the tax charge was introduced. The High Income Child Benefit Charge taxes families in receipt of Child Benefit where at least one parent has an individual income of over £50,000 per year. In the past year, 27,000 more families have opted out of the benefit and those who have chosen not to receive it at all has risen by four percent since 2012. Experts have highlighted if the Chancellor hopes to lighten the financial burden on the middle class currently caught in the depths of the cost of living crisis.  1583116  Myron Jobson, senior personal finance campaigner at interactive investor, shared: “The government could also move to address the downright baffling rules on the earnings threshold at which parents have to pay back some Child Benefit payments.” Child Benefit pays out £21.15 per week, roughly equating to £1,200 per year, for the first child and £14 a week for each subsequent child. However, taxpayers earning over £50,000 are required to pay back some of the benefit and the amount of which increases by one percent of the benefit for every £100 of income earned over this threshold. If an individual claimant has income of over £60,000, this tax charge will equal the total amount they receive via Child Benefit.     Mr Jobson added: “It is shameful that the £50,000 threshold hasn’t risen in line with earnings. Many parents earning around that figure would say that they don’t feel particularly wealthy, especially given the rise to the cost of living which has put extra pressure on household budgets. “The government is not inherently wrong to restrict Child Benefit to certain families. But the rules are strange because you can have a situation where both parents earn just below the £50,000 threshold can keep the child benefit in full, while a single parent earning a penny above the threshold would be hit with a tax charge.” Sean McCann, chartered financial planner at leading rural insurer NFU Mutual commented: “In order to help the squeezed middle, the Chancellor should increase the point that the High Income Child Benefit Tax charge starts to impact families.” The current £50,000 threshold has not changed since the tax charge was first introduced in 2013, despite wages increasing by 29 percent in the same time frame.  Mr McCann added that if this is not updated, many families risk “being caught in the net” with “more than a million” being affected. This will also likely compound with the rising energy bills, fuel prices, inflation and interest rates. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, shared that “hundreds of thousands” of families have been slammed by this “stealth tax”, an impacted group that will widen as wages rise. She said: “The number of people receiving child benefit has already fallen to a new low, as wage rises have pushed more parents over the threshold where they have to pay it back.”  Ms Coles also highlighted that it is not just the tax charge that is to blame for spiralling drops in recipients, but also the falling birthrate and COVID-19. She explained: “The fall in the birth rate and the extra complication of admin during lockdowns also played a part. However, the High Income Child Benefit Tax Charge played a major role, and will be even more damaging as inflation pushes wages up.” Child Benefit can only be claimed by one parent, and aside from financial support it also provides the likes of National Insurance credits until the child turns 12. This can greatly help stay-at-home or unemployed parents build up their National Insurance record towards their state pension. Ms Coles warned that claimants should carefully consider which parent will receive the benefit because of this: “If a parent who earns enough to pay NI receives the money, they won’t get the credit. The figures show that 87 percent of registered claimants are women and 13 percent are men, and while we can’t know which of these parents are working and paying National Insurance, it’s worth considering your own position.”