The video was filmed on March 18 but has only been verified and published now. Sky News has posted and verified the footage. The video footage shows Ukrainians evacuating a Mariupol theatre where they were trying to collect water from. The distressing footage shows men, women and children covered in dust from the rubble after the missile hit. The terrifying scenes are just another example of Russian aggression on the Ukrainian civilian population. Ukrainian civilian said: "This is the aftermath of the strikes on the drama theatre. "The missile hit the middle part, of the theatre, people are trying to evacuate. "The drama theatre was hit by an airstrike, right in the middle. "We were on the ground floor and were not hurt. "There may be many people under the Rubble who have been sheltering from the shelling. "The airstrike hit the middle part of the theatre, people had been collecting water." In a statement, the Ukrainian city council official said: “It’s impossible to estimate the scale of this horrific and inhumane act as the residential areas are still under shelling. “It appears that the main part of the Drama Theatre has been destroyed and that the debris has blocked the entrance to the bomb shelter underneath.”  Chuck Schumer, Democratic Senate Majority Leader slammed Russian President Putin for his attacks on innocent civilians in Ukraine. Western governments have been scrambling to collect as much evidence as possible, so Putin can be held accountable for his war crimes when the fighting stops. Mr Schumer said: "All of us in this chamber joined together, with Democrats and Republicans, to say that Vladimir Putin cannot escape accountability for the atrocities committed against the Ukrainian people." Deputy Prime Minister and Justice Secretary, Dominic Raab said: "Russian commanders carrying out war crimes should know they cannot act with impunity. "Like Radovan Karadzic and Charles Taylor before them, their actions risk landing them in a jail cell."  British Prime Minister, Boris Johnson condemned Putin's crimes on the Ukrainian people and offered more weapons and support to Ukraine at the NATO press conference this week. Mr Johnson said: "Vladimir Putin has badly miscalculated in Ukraine, and I believe he knows it. But now that Putin’s Plan A has foundered, he is already escalating by intensifying his attacks on civilians. "Maternity wards, schools and homes and have been bombed without any regard for civilian life. Families are being starved out in freezing basement shelters and targeted as they flee. "The United Kingdom – and our allies in NATO and the G7 here today – are clear: we will not stand by while Putin vents his fury on Ukraine. "I have rarely seen our nations more united in recent years than we are now. Putin’s failure in Ukraine is vital for the peace and prosperity of all of us, and his barbaric invasion has galvanised the international community into collective action. "We will work with like-minded allies to ramp up lethal aid to Ukraine at scale, providing kit to President Zelenskyy in the quantity and with the quality and quantity that he needs to defend his country from its bullying neighbour. "Today, I have announced we in the UK will send an additional 6,000 missiles and provide £25 million in unrestricted funding for Ukraine’s armed forces, more than doubling the lethal aid we have provided to date." 