Piers Morgan blasted Jussie Smollett on Twitter today following the news that the American actor has been given jail time for pretending to be a victim of a hate crime. The journalist’s fans on Twitter had a mixed reaction to Piers’ words.    Piers, 56, wrote in view of his 7.9 followers on Twitter this morning: “Jussie Smollett, for all his pathetic courtroom squealing, is an entitled, narcissistic, arrogant, lying, hypocritical, race-baiting douchebag… “And his despicable actions were the inevitable consequence of a virtue-signalling society that celebrates & rewards victimhood.” Jussie, 39, has been sentenced to 150 days in jail after a jury found he lied to police about being the victim of a hate crime. Piers’ followers took to the comment section to share their thoughts on the story and the journalist’s unrelenting criticism of the actor. READ MORE: John Cleese slams Donald Trump over latest Ukraine comments    Some people were quite amused by the level of rage Piers displayed over the issue. Cookster636 wrote: “Don't hold back Piers. Just say what you really think.” “But how do you really feel about him?” added Tristan Eley teasingly. “Wish you'd get off the fence Piers!!!” added Chris with a laughing emoji.    While others agreed with the journalist, with Taun Richards writing: “For once… I agree with you.” Clarence added: “Spot on as per, thanks for always speaking the truth unlike Jussie.” Simon penned: “Obviously there are a lot of issues with racism in America, but what he did was truly pathetic. Needs jail.” Jussie was found guilty back in December for five charges of felony and disorderly conduct after making false reports about the hoax attack. READ MORE... Phil Collins, 71, sits during Genesis gig amid 'frail' appearance  [NEWS]Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [LATEST]Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [NEWS] On top of his prison time, Jussie has also been sentenced to 30 months of probation and $145,000 (£110,000) in restitution and fines. The trial stemmed from an incident three years ago when Jussie said he was attacked by two assailants. The actor, who is of mixed heritage and gay, claimed the attack was a hate crime. He said that his attackers shouted slurs at him and a Trump slogan.    He went on to accuse them of pouring a “chemical substance” on him and tying a noose around his neck when he was walking late at night in January 2019. While an investigation was initially launched to determine what had happened, by February of that year the actor was charged with filing a false police report, alleging he had staged the assault. In a trial last year, brothers Abimbola and Olabinjo Osundairo testified that Jussie had paid them to stage the attack and paid them $3,500 to do it. Throughout the trial, Jussie maintained that he had been the victim of a crime and following his sentencing shouted: “I did not do this!”    