 Ben Shephard usually hosts Tipping Point from 4pm to 5pm on weekday afternoons and he has done this ever since the show first aired in 2012. However, on Tuesday, viewers were in uproar after the ITV racing had been scheduled until 4.30pm, meaning fans had to wait longer than usual to see the popular daytime TV presenter.    Moreover, when the episode was broadcast, viewers were even more disappointed when they discovered it was Tipping Point: The Best Ever Finals, featuring a selection of reruns. Taking to social media, fans expressed their anger over ITV’s decision to delay the programme because of the horse racing. @Bella136Kate ranted: “Outraged!!!!! Where is #tippingpoint ? I live for @benshephard talking about ‘riders’.” While @susanjavis cried: “Oh no switched on  & no normal #tippingpoint #c**** #horse #racing it’s a travesty.” READ MORE:Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell father’s Rolex watch  Meanwhile, @markcreasey1973 was disappointed by the rerun episode, saying: "Its the best bits, whats happening lol #tippingpoint.” With @AmelieAmelie999 hitting out at other programmes, adding: “A repeat of #aplaceinthesun with Beverly and Margaret in Umbria, or a repeat (which I've not seen) of #FilthyHouseSOS which is knocking me sick...No new #tippingpoint or #TheChase for a while, either. We are in end-times.” However, some ITV viewers were in tatters after the channel had decided not to air two final races in Cheltenham because of Tipping Point being scheduled. @rwaller_02 remarked: “I wish @ITV would show every race during Cheltenham.   “No offence @benshephard but f*** Tipping Point, it's only 4 days of the year.” @EojSewob agreed: “Absolutely mental that @itvracing doesn't cover the last two races of the day in order to show Tipping Point reruns. #CheltenhamFestival2022.” Unlike Loose Women, Dickinson's Real Deal and Lingo which had been cancelled in their entirety, Tipping Point has survived the cull but had been reduced to 30 minutes rather than a full hour. Luckily for fans of The Chase, the programme had survived unscathed in its regular 5pm slot.   Despite the mix-up, some viewers were delighted to see a young-looking Ben, who has presented the show since its first-ever episode. ITV synopsis for the new best bits episode reads: "Compilation of some of the most dramatic endgames from the arcade-themed quiz show hosted by Ben Shephard, in which the last contestant standing competes for a £10,000 jackpot." The compilation shows give fans the chance to "relive some of the most dramatic end games in Tipping Point history, including agonising trades and jackpot counters teetering on the edge!"  Sadly for regular viewers, this change in scheduling will remain in place all week as the Cheltenham Festival continues. Ben and the famous machine are scheduled to return on Monday, March 21 with a full-length episode. But will the show's return see one lucky contestant make it home with the £10,000 jackpot? Tipping Point airs weekdays on ITV at 4pm. 