The first mistake that millions of people make is never writing a will at all. Incredibly, around half of us never get round to it. Even those who do knuckle down often fail to update their will as family circumstances change and they risk bequeathing a mess as a result. A will can put your finances in order, legally protect and support loved ones, and greatly reduce the chances of a nasty family dispute, said Emma Watson, head of financial planning and advisory services at Rathbone Investment Management. Just remember that it also needs updating, she added. “Particularly after life events like weddings, divorces, births of children and grandchildren, and even moving jobs.” Here are some issues to consider. Think of your dependants. If you have children or step-children, writing a will can protect them financially and make sure they are cared for when you are gone, Watson said. “Consider how your estate is divided up, and who you would entrust to care for any children under the age of 18.” Speak to those who you’d want to appoint as guardians first. "If your choice is not set out in a legally binding document, the decision could be left to the courts, which may not reflect your wishes.” Protect your partner. Cohabiting couples have fewer legal rights than married couples and civil partners, and are largely unprotected if one partner dies, Watson said. “They have no legal right to property and assets, unless jointly owned.” This can cause massive problems if a couple has children, as the surviving partner may have no right to continue living in their home, and may be short of money." READ MORE: How to pass on £1million estate tax free: The power of allowances Watson adds: “It is crucial that you write a will expressing your wishes regarding children and assets.” Consider placing assets in a trust. You may be able to reduce your exposure to inheritance tax by placing assets such as cash, property, or investments into a trust so they fall outside your estate. However, Watson says trust rules are complicated and have not changed over the years. "You could be taxed as you pay in or take money out, so seek advice if considering this option.” Giving to charity. Anything left to charity is free of inheritance tax, so that donations included in your will can be a tax efficient way of passing money on. "If 10 percent of your net estate is left to charity the rate of IHT rate is reduced from 40 percent to 36 percent.” DON'T MISS:Stock market crash as Putin drives nail into bull market [WARNING]Hidden pension threat - this tiny piece of jargon destroys retirement [INSIGHT]Buy £5,000 of state pension for just £800 – ‘incredible’ 587% return [GUIDE]  Making a lasting legacy. If you have no surviving relatives who can inherit under the rules of intestacy, your estate will be deemed as ‘bona vacantia’, meaning ‘vacant goods’, and passed to the Crown.” There are 6,998 unclaimed estates in the UK, official figures show, but a will can prevent that, Watson added. “You can pass on your estate to whomever you wish, such as a charity or close friend, and maintain some control of your financial legacy by writing a will with your expressed wishes.” Without a will, your assets may be distributed in line with the intestacy rules, said Alexandra Price, director of financial planning at Charles Stanley. “Your wealth could pass to the wrong people and the taxman could benefits instead of loved ones.” Discuss your plans with close family members and beneficiaries, especially if favouring some over others, Price added. “This can help you avoid possible disputes or conflict further down the line.”