 On average, insurance premium tax (IPT) adds an average of £123 to premiums for 17 to 24 year olds, which may force some off the roads. For many, this takes the total average cost of car insurance for young drivers to £1,154, in addition to cost of living increases and near-constant petrol and diesel prices.  This additional cost has been labelled as a “youth mobility tax” by comparethemarket.com. It is estimated that the expense of running a car for young drivers now stands at an average of £2,229 for 12 months. This high cost could have a significant impact on many young people’s careers, social and family lives. IPT is levied on insurers by the Government as a proportion of a person’s premium, which is then passed on to consumers, with the current rate standing at 12 percent. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’  There is a higher rate of 20 percent, which applies to some vehicle insurance, travel insurance and electrical appliance insurance. Alex Hasty, director at comparethemarket.com, commented on how drivers face hefty prices in addition to the cost of living. He said: “While the Government will claim that IPT is a tax on insurers, the reality is that it’s a significant tax on young people. “With rising living costs, the cost of driving is already worryingly high for many people, with 17-24-year-olds paying an average of £1,154 for car insurance, £123 of which can be attributed to IPT. DON'T MISSWhat to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson pledges £1.6bn to boost electric car charging network [BREAKING]Drivers warned of petrol and diesel costs despite cut to fuel duty [SHOCKING]  “The Government must explore exemption to this tax for young people to help them stay on the road and make the system fair. “If you live in a major city, it’s possible to get by without a car but for many young people around the UK, they rely on cars to get to and from work, and to see friends and family. “Many young people will be struggling from the rising costs of living, yet they are shouldering the largest burden when it comes to IPT.” As young people are considered higher risk drivers, they pay far more for car insurance than the rest of the UK, resulting in a significantly higher amount of tax.  The cost of IPT gets progressively lower as the driver gets older, due to premiums generally reducing. It has been reported that the Government is considering clamping down on loopholes in insurance premium tax to raise new revenues. However, comparethemarket.com believes that the system remains unfair for young people who pay far more than the rest of the population. The higher rate is sometimes charged on car insurance policies taken out directly with a car dealership, for example, when a driver buys a brand-new car.  Experts urge motorists to always check before they take up an offer of insurance from a dealership. The higher rate won’t apply if they are offered car insurance free as part of a package. Some kinds of insurance are exempt from IPT including cover for disabled drivers who lease with Mobility as well as mortgage insurance.