After landing on The CW earlier this year the DC comic book adaption, Naomi took fans by storm. As the series draws closer to its finale it was revealed the show could be in for another hiatus ahead of its 10th episode.  Naomi was the onscreen adaptation of the comic book series which was released in 2019. It followed the life of a focused student Naomi McDuffie (played by Kaci Walfall) whose life was changed forever after a Superman stunt. As a comic book-loving and popular skateboarding teenager, Naomi was taken aback and left school to chase the stunts. This is where Naomi came into contact with her powers, she was initially feeling fine, when she arrived near the town square she felt dizzy and fainted, after hearing an intense buzz. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is When she woke, everyone had cleared, however her parents Greg (Barry Watson) and Jennifer McDuffie (Mouzam Makkar) became even more overprotective. But with the help of her friends, Naomi was soon able to figure out just why she was only one of 29 people to gain powers. Throughout the season, the show had unexpected twists and turns, and after a jaw-dropping cliffhanger fans were shocked to see episode 10 wasn’t in its usual time slot. In fact, it was soon revealed, the show wasn’t scheduled for release the following week either. Fans were upset to discover Naomi was going on a four-week hiatus before the next episode and took to Twitter to express their annoyance. @LeBron_GOAT6 wrote: “A WHOLE MONTH?! Are you serious?? This better be the last break cuz this is getting on my nerves now.” @Perolikedique questioned: “A THREE WEEK BREAK?! WHY?!“ @Hotcheri complained: “That ending...??? No new episode next week? This show has had waaaaayyy too many breaks.” DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith [INSIGHT] Naomi on CW: Flooded with praise from viewers after series premiere [REACTION]Naomi cast: Who is in the cast of The CW series? [INSIGHT] @AndyBerhbakt wrote: “This 3-week break better be the last hiatus, especially after THAT ending in tonight's [Naomi], I ain't ready for 1x10.” @Taliasvo tweeted: “A MONTH BREAK ARE U F*G SERIOUS??? While @angelfireeast24 anticipated: “The breaks are going to kill this show! We aren't going to get a season two cause the CW drove it into the ground with breaks and viewers left.” With The CW yet to renew or cancel Naomi, viewers shared hopes of the show gaining a second season to further explore the teenager's powers and its origin.   Some fans anticipate the network will confirm its decision during the four-week break. However, as episode nine ended on a cliffhanger, the hiatus could also be seen as a ploy to round up thousands of viewers before the show’s finale. With the jaw-dropping revelation which revealed Greg and Jen were aliens, fans will have to wait and see how Naomi will move forward with her parents. Despite guessing the teenager’s fate, fans also hope the show will be renewed, expess.co.uk will be updated with release information. Naomi will return to The CW on Tuesday, April 19. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 