Administered by National Savings and Investment (NS&I), Premium Bonds is a savings product which allows Britons to deposit and withdraw money whenever they like. However, interest through this account is not paid monthly. Rather, there is a monthly prize draw which could see savers winning up to £1million. The annual prize fund rate currently rests at one percent for Premium Bonds, but this is subject to changes in the wider economy. The odds of winning per £1 Bond number currently stand at 34,500 to one. At the start of every month, NS&I announces the winners of the prize draw, with at least two people walking away with the jackpot £1million. Due to the popularity of Premium Bonds, many people look for ways in improving their chances of becoming a bonds millionaire. Various financial experts are of the opinion that buying and purchasing more Premium Bonds is the best way to get NS&I’s jackpot prize. Financial journalist Martin Lewis has previously shared how people can improve their chances of winning the £1million jackpot. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim On his website MoneySavingExpert, Mr Lewis explained: “The more bonds you have, the closer you get to the prize fund rate, and this is where the scales start to tip in Premium Bonds' favour. “While Premium Bonds beat easy-access savings for those saving more than around £5,000, they don't beat many of the top fixed savings accounts on average luck. “Yet as the name suggests with fixes, your money's locked away, while with Premium Bonds, you have access to your cash. “So if you want to save longer, but keep access to your money, they're a decent option." For March 2022, there were two £1million Premium Bonds winners: one from Devon and the other from Cheshire. The Devon winner had the bond number 170MY806167 and had £36,000 invested in NS&I’s savings account, purchasing the winning bond in July 2010. Comparatively, the second winner from Cheshire purchased their winning 276RS522196 in July 2016, having invested £19,000 in Premium Bonds. Following the announcement of last month's jackpot winners, Jill Waters, the retail director of NS&I, encouraged others to start investing with the public financial institution. Ms Waters said: “A massive congratulations to our new Premium Bonds jackpot winners from Devon and Cheshire. This really is a life-changing sum of money and we wish them all the best for the future. “Aside from our two jackpot winners, this month, ERNIE will be paying out more than 3.3 million other tax-free prizes worth £97,337,100, surprising and delighting people up and down the country. “You can start a savings habit by investing in Premium Bonds from just £25. You can do this via bank transfer or by setting up a regular standing order. “A regular savings habit really is the best way to help your savings blossom this March.” Savers can choose to buy Premium Bonds either over the phone, online or by post via an application form. However, parents or guardians who are seeking to buy bonds for their children cannot do it over the phone. The purchase of bonds can be completed using debit cards, NS&I does not accept credit card payments.