Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden has slammed the UK government for its "ridiculous bureaucracy" following her arrival in Ukraine. The Heart FM radio presenter, 51, travelled to the Eastern European country to document the humanitarian crisis that it's facing, as Russia continues its bombardment of the country. In view of her 1.8 million followers, the mother-of-two panned across tents that charities had erected in the country. She also scanned across a large crowd of people, claiming they were heading back to the town of Lviv following its bombardment earlier today. Amanda wrote: "This is a queue of people going BACK to Lviv... they plans to go back and help after the bombs this morning." (sic) She also captured a pianist playing beautifully at the border on a black grand piano emblazoned with the peace sign. READ MORE: 'It's sad' Karren Brady on Oprah Winfrey being hailed as a role model "The peace pianist at the border," she captioned the video alongside a Ukrainian flag emoji. The star continued to pan around the camp revealing the extraordinary efforts made by charities to provide essential items to displaced Ukranians. The scene showed wheelchairs, clothing and blankets in organised piles around the makeshift tents. In her final story, Amanda could be seen sitting and talking to people from the charity Love Bristol. She penned: "This little charity is trying to make a big difference despite the ridiculous bureaucracy of our government." Amanda's visit to the war-torn country comes after she launched a podcast focused on the Ukraine crisis earlier this month. The star told how she got the idea to start the podcast after being contacted by a desperate Ukrainian mother on social media. Launching her podcast, Ukraine's Hidden Voices, Amanda explained how she wanted to tell people's stories. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [UPDATE]‘Anything to stay alive’ Linda Nolan on gruelling cancer treatment [ANALYSIS]Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen on near-death accident while filming BBC show [INSIGHT] She wrote: "A few days ago an Ukrainian woman reached out to me on Instagram. "She was surviving in an underground car park in Kyiv with children, pets and some of her community. "It made me realise she and other brave humans, just like her, needed to talk , they wanted a platform to tell their stories. "This podcast is for their voices to be heard," she ended the post. The singer was instantly inundated with praise from her followers, including BGT co-star Alesha Dixon. The Scandalous hitmaker said: "Love this Mandy." Actress Tracy Anno added: "So important to hear their voices x." While swimwear designer Melissa Obadash added a row of three hearts.