The French president, alongside German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, called on the Kremlin to declare an immediate ceasefire in Ukraine. After their 75-minute phone conversation with Putin, however, the leaders said Russia did not show a willingness to end the war. Saturday's three-way exchange, which followed a joint meeting earlier on Thursday, was "part of ongoing international efforts to end the war in Ukraine", a German government spokesperson stated. Mr Macron and Mr Scholz set a ceasefire as a condition for full negotiations, an Élysée Palace official added. It came as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters at a news conference he was open to discussions with Putin – stressing, however, Russia can only take Kyiv if it "razes the city to the ground". He said: "Our diplomats are working and they have talked over some items of a possible agenda between us and the Russian Federation. "I want this to materialize and the process of ending the war, the process of peace 100% should begin with ceasefire." Ukraine LIVE: Putin to destroy Western weapon shipments as 'legitimate targets' He added he had discussed the possibility of negotiations with Moscow being held in Jerusalem with Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett. Mr Zelensky also gave an update on the number of deaths within the more than two weeks of war, saying around 1,300 Ukrainian troops have been killed. Shortly after, the US said it was willing to take diplomatic steps to help Ukraine and announced it was authorising $200million in weapons and other assistance for the war-torn country. A state department spokesperson claimed: "If there are diplomatic steps that we can take that the Ukrainian government believes would be helpful, we're prepared to take them. "We are working to put the Ukrainians in the strongest possible negotiating position, including by increasing pressure on Russia by imposing severe costs and by providing security assistance to help Ukrainians defend themselves." DON'T MISSRussians accused of 'raping' women and shooting civilians in new testimony [REPORT]Ukraine map: How much does Russia control today? [ANALYSIS]The 40 mile convoy of Russia tanks has moved – what it means for Kyiv [EXPLAINER] Meanwhile, Dmytro Kuleba, the Ukrainian foreign minister, said that despite talks between Moscow and Kyiv, Russia is still putting forward demands that are unacceptable. Echoing Mr Zelensky's message, he emphasised the country is ready to negotiate but not to surrender. As per the RIA news agency, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said on Saturday crisis talks with Ukraine, which had been conducted in person in Belarus, have continued via a video link. And according to Mr Zelensky, the two countries' teams had shifted the tone of their conversations. Now, rather than giving each other ultimatums, they had started to focus on specific topics, he said. As Putin's attacks near their third week, the scale of the disaster is becoming increasingly clear. The United Nations has recorded 1,581 civilian casualties – 579 who were killed and 1,002 injured. Among the dead are 42 children; among the injured, 54. According to the UN's latest report, the largest number of victims was recorded in areas still under Ukrainian government control. It said: "Most of the civilian casualties recorded were caused by the use of explosive weapons with a wide impact area, including shelling from heavy artillery and multi-launch rocket systems, and missile and air strikes." More than 2.5 million people, including more than a million children, have fled Ukraine since the start of the full-scale invasion on February 24.