Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp's potential transfer masterplan may yet be thwarted by Pierre-Emerick Aubemayang. It was reported that the Gabon international's presence at Barcelona could persuade Ousmane Dembele to stay at the club after rumours linked the Frenchman to Merseyside as a potential Mohamed Salah replacement.  Klopp has used Salah, Sadio Mane and Luiz Diaz to great effect this season, with Diogo Jota and Takumi Minamino also being used on the wings. The Reds are in scintillating attacking form, having scored 73 Premier League goals in just 28 outings. Yet with Salah's contract up in 18 months, there are steps being taken to prepare for the future. Targets such as Jarrod Bowen, Raphinha and Jonathan David have all been linked in the past as Salah's future is considered. And after rumours linked the club with Dembele, it seemed as though wheels were in motion for a move - although that has now been thwarted by Aubameyang's presence at the Blaugrana, according to reports. JUST IN: Man Utd lack three things as Neville makes comparison to Man City   Sport have gone into depth about how well the duo have linked up well in their time on the Catalonian coast after playing together at Borussia Dortmund in 2017. Dembele is statistically Aubameyang's best ever partner when a goal-to-game ratio is taken into consideration, having amassed 14 in 52. Dembele is out of contract in the summer, having signed for Xavi’s men in 2017 for a fee of over £100million. And their continued relationship has given Barcelona hope that a deal can be agreed for the 24-year-old. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Despite the saga with Dembele continuing to burn on in Spain, Klopp is keeping an eye on Salah's contract situation, although he declared that there is 'no rush' for the situation. "Mo definitely expects this club to be ambitious and we are. It's Mo's decision. The club did what it can do, that's how it is," said Klopp. "There's nothing to say about it, it's all fine. From my point of view, it's exactly like it should be in this moment in time and everything is said. "Nothing happened further, so no signing, no rejection or whatever. So we just have to wait for that, it's completely fine. There is no rush in that situation." 