England fans have donated £1,000 to a Ukrainian charity after Harry Maguire was booed by sections of the Wembley crowd on Tuesday night. The Manchester United captain has come under fire for his form in recent months. England supporters group 'Block 109' have donated £1,000 to a Ukrainian charity that Maguire has signed up for as a means to support the under-pressure defender. The 29-year-old started against Ivory Coast on Tuesday night in a friendly at Wembley. But when his name was read out on the stadium tannoy, there were audible boos around the ground while when he touched the ball jeers could be heard as well. It drew plenty of criticism on social media while Gareth Southgate was seething. The Three Lions made it a routine win over Ivory Coast after Ollie Watkins, Raheem Sterling and Tyrone Mings all got on the scoresheet in a 3-0 victory. Maguire had a solid game, though in truth he had little to do. However, the boos have cast a darker light on the match and a section of England fans have moved to make sure that the jeers from the crowd were from the minority with a heartwarming act. A group of supporters called England Block 109 revealed their actions on Twitter. They tweeted: "The Ukrainian people made us feel so welcome in the past and on @HarryMaguire93’s recommendation we’ve made a £1000 donation to @UNICEF’s appeal. Thank you to everyone that made this possible and we look forward to making more donations in the future." There was controversy after Maguire was picked in the latest England squad amid his poor form at United, especially considering other options such as Fikayo Tomori, Max Kilman and Ezri Konsa. But the former Leicester star has always been exemplary when on the pitch for the Three Lions, a point Southgate was keen to stress. The 51-year-old was furious with the England fans after the match, saying: "The reception was a joke, an absolute joke. I don't know how it benefits anybody. We're either all in it together or we're not. "I imagine if you asked a few of them why they did it they probably wouldn't even be able to answer. It's mob mentality. One end of the ground you have a hardcore group trying to get his name sung - it wasn't everybody. "Players will look at that and think, that could be me. It makes players not want to come. That happened with John Barnes here, that happened with Ashley Cole a couple of times, it happened with Raheem, now Harry. "We need Harry to do well. We aren't going to win a World Cup with a load of players with three or four caps. That's never happened in the history of the game."