A TV licence is needed to watch or record live programming as well as streaming using BBC iPlayer and Amazon Prime. However, Britons who just watch Netflix don’t need a TV licence meaning they could save themselves £159. Cash strapped Britons looking to make savings should consider whether they need a TV licence costing £159. People don't need a TV Licence if they only ever watch Netflix or YouTube. What’s more, they can apply for a refund if they’ve already mistakenly paid for one. Anyone can ask for a TV licence refund if they don’t need their licence anymore and it has at least one complete month left on it. READ MORE: Nearly half a million Britons missing out on DWP benefit worth £292 People don’t need a licence if they only watch on demand or catch up programmes on Netflix. As long as people never watch live TV programmes on any channel including iPlayer they don’t need to fork out the fee. The TV licensing website states: “You don’t need a TV Licence if you only ever use Netflix or other online TV services to watch on demand or catch up programmes, except if you’re watching BBC programmes on BBC iPlayer. “If you only watch on demand programmes on Netflix and don’t watch TV live on any TV or streaming service, and don’t watch BBC iPlayer, you may cancel your TV Licence if you won’t need it again before it expires.” DON'T MISS:Pensioners could get TV licence discount up to £159 - do you qualify? [ALERT]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [UPDATE]State Pension to hit £10,600 a year - Sunak faces triple lock decision [INSIGHT] Thousands of pensioners are missing out on a free TV licence because they haven’t claimed Pension Credit. An estimated 850,000 additional pensioners qualify for Pension Credit which would then mean they are entitled to a free TV licence if they are also 75 or over. To qualify for Pension Credit, someone needs to have reached state pension age and be earning less than £177.10 per week. It could also mean they receive a Council Tax reduction and help towards energy bills. It’s not just pensioners who are losing out, in total there are four groups of people who are entitled to a discount: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To get their money back, licence holders must fill in the online refund form which can be found on the TV Licensing website. They should include important details like their name on the TV Licence, address and postcode. Completed refund forms and relevant evidence must be sent to: The Refund Centre, TV Licensing, Darlington DL98 1TL. They should receive a refund within 21 days.