Professor of Economics and Supply Chain Management from Hereford, Peter Goodall sat down on BBC's Any Answers with Anita Anand, to talk about the reason why Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine. As President Putin gave his invasion speech as Russian troops charged the border into Ukraine on the first day of fighting, Putin was giving a speech where he gave reasons for his invasion. Mr Goodall explained the reason why he thought the invasion had taken place. Mr Goodall believes that Putin is after economic power and control as Ukraine is one of the largest producers of grain. Ms Anand said: "You've brought up a really interesting point, and my brilliant team have just flashed me some numbers which sort of put some meat and bones on your argument. "This year Ukraine was predicted to account for 12 percent of global wheat exports. "That's enormous! 12 percent, 16 percent for corn, 18 percent for barley, 19 percent for rapeseed, one place!" Mr Goodall said: "Now you've got it, hole in one. JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv Ms Anand added: "Absolutely stunning figures." Mr Goodall said: "So he'll blow up the cities so long as he can get those millions of acres. "You've got a country the size of France, and the whole of the middle of it is grain production."  Putin said on the first day of invasion his reason for invading, he said: "I have decided to conduct a special military operation... to protect people who have been subjected to bullying and genocide... for the last eight years. Putin added: "I would like to additionally emphasise the following. Focused on their own goals, the leading NATO countries are supporting the far-right nationalists and neo-Nazis in Ukraine, those who will never forgive the people of Crimea and Sevastopol for freely making a choice to reunite with Russia." "They will undoubtedly try to bring war to Crimea just as they have done in Donbas, to kill innocent people just as members of the punitive units of Ukrainian nationalists and Hitler’s accomplices did during the Great Patriotic War. They have also openly laid claim to several other Russian regions. "If we look at the sequence of events and the incoming reports, the showdown between Russia and these forces cannot be avoided. It is only a matter of time. They are getting ready and waiting for the right moment. Moreover, they went as far as aspire to acquire nuclear weapons. We will not let this happen."  DON’T MISS:'He's gone berserk' Putin mental state under question as Polish mayor slams Russia leader Western powers have been trying to slow Putin's war machine down, with tough sanctions which have seen the ruble completely plummet and Russia removed from various global economic structures, Russia becomes cut off from the Western world. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said: "There has been a running commentary that the UK has somehow been slow - we've not been slow. "We've been at the vanguard of taking action and, of course, what is really important is we act in concert with our allies, European, American and other Nato allies. 