With April less than a week away, Britons may be thinking about what to do in the garden next month. April is a month with brighter, longer days, warmer weather and plenty of blooming flowers. However, April also brings with it showers, late frosts and more garden pests. There are plenty of gardening jobs to do in April, from weeding to sowing seeds. Now gardening experts from Homebaseuk have shared their garden tips for April in a 2017 video. They said: “Spring is in the air and April is a great month for getting out in the garden.” “Keep weeds under control by using weed killer on patios and running a hoe through beds and borders. READ MORE: ‘It really works’: Using coffee can cover scratches on furniture “Tie-in climbing roses, clematis and honeysuckle. “Sow hardy annuals and herb seeds directly into pots or beds.” The gardening experts also said houseplants need to be given more water. In the winter, plants retain more water as they are exposed to less sun. DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]Plants: Gardeners are warned against using typical watering method [ANALYSIS] Plants will start to wilt or curl if they are dehydrated. Houseplants should also be moved out of direct sunlight to reduce yellowing or browning leaves. The gardening experts also suggested Britons “lift and divide perennials” in April and care for lawns. The gardening expert said: “Recut the edges of your lawn to straighten them up and install lawn edging to make future maintenance easier. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Check tree ties to make sure they're not cutting into the trunk and where necessary, loosen tight ties to allow room for growth. “Keep an eye on seedlings and as soon as they start growing leaves pot onto individual pots.” April is also when pests start to appear more frequently. The gardening experts suggested “looking out for signs of pests and disease” next month.  They added: “The sooner you catch them, the easier they are to eradicate. “Once all risk of frost has passed, start sowing tomato seeds.” Other jobs gardeners can do in April include protecting fruit blossom from frosts, feeding citrus plants and pruning fig trees. Dividing bamboos, sowing new lawns and repairing bare patches on lawns can also be done in April.