Diversity star Perri Kiely, who is renowned across the nation for hosting his KISS Breakfast show alongside co-star Jordan Banjo, hasn't always been as effortlessly confident as he currently appears. He met the Queen at the tender age of just 13, around the time that Diversity first rose to fame - and admitted to feeling terrified, exclaiming: "I was just a kid!" The 26-year-old had been picked to appear in the Royal Variety Show in 2009 as part of Diversity when he was a teenager. However, the royal protocol he was expected to abide by sent the bewildered youngster's heart racing. "Obviously it was a prize for winning Britain's Got Talent to perform at the Royal Variety Show," he recalled. "And I thought I was really, really, really excited up until the moment just before. READ NOW: Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks "You're all standing on stage in this big semi-circle and she goes around. [The Queen's] greeting everyone and there's rules," he explained. "You need to speak to her a certain way. "I don't even know what I'm supposed to say - it's 'Ma'am' like 'Jam' instead of 'Ma'am' [like 'Marm']," he elaborated. "You can't say [the latter] because you've not met her before - and I was a kid. "I was like 'Oh my God, I'm gonna get it wrong and get rugby tackled by some kind of security' - but luckily it went all right." He added: "It was nerve-wracking for sure." Nowadays, Perri has admitted he faces an ongoing struggle to ensure people see the adult he's evolved into, and not the former image of the fearful 13-year-old greeting the Queen. "I get it to this day, 'Oh my God, you're the little kid from Diversity' - until I turn up or someone sees me in person," he laughed. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT] Holly Willoughby sparks concern over Stacey Solomon's absence [LATEST] James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [DEBATE]  "[Then] the person gets a little bit of shock. They'd be like 'Oh! That is not what I ordered. That is not what I had in mind!'" The dancer is adamant that he wouldn't change a thing, as he declared: "That's a huge part of my life... I wouldn't erase it." Nowadays, of course, he is living a life different from the one he had when he first launched to fame as a kid who attended Corringham's Gable Hall School. Occupied with his breakfast radio show, there are now plenty of early morning starts - and that's just one element of having been plunged into an adult world of responsibility. For others in the same situation, Perri recently collaborated with Naked Smoothies in a bid to empower people to make the most of their mornings - even the painfully early ones. He has admitted that while he's good at waking up when he hears the first chimes of his alarm, he "moves quite slow" and has to prep himself. Whether that's forward planning or a fruit smoothie, he constantly has to organise himself for early morning trips into London. Naked Smoothies has partnered with Perri Kiely to empower the nation to boost their mornings and get the best out of every day with the help of Naked Strawberry Zing, a new strawberry and banana smoothie with a zingy twist of raspberry. For more information on the campaign visit https://www.instagram.com/nakedjuiceuk/