Stacey Solomon reportedly cannot bear to be away from her five-month-old baby Rose, so she’s planning on bringing the tot on her hen do and honeymoon. The 32-year-old star plans to tie the knot with Joe Swash this summer. “But her main priority is the children, especially Rose as she’s so young. She’s made it clear she doesn’t want to be apart from her at all. “She doesn’t want a big night out getting drunk. The hen weekend will be wild in a different way. After all, nobody will be getting much sleep with a baby there!” The insider added to New! Magazine that Stacey and Rose “come as a package” and the celebrations will be “laid back”. Stacey has already enjoyed one hen do. She was forced to postpone her wedding due to Covid restrictions, but her sister Jemma, 33, had planned her hen do and was unable to move the booking. So Jemma whisked Stacey away on a party bus and took her to Ashlin Farm Barns in Lincoln, where they enjoyed a hot tub and stunning garden. Stacey was pregnant at the time, and so had to duck out from the gin and tonics her friends were sipping. Joe proposed to Stacey on Christmas Eve 2020 in the woods near her home, which she called her “happy place”. READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] At Christmas 2021, Stacey celebrated the one-year anniversary of the special day. Sharing a throwback snap of her flashing her engagement ring, Stacey wrote on Instagram: “I can’t believe it’s been one whole year. “I can not wait to walk down the aisle to you @realjoeswashy with our boys and our little princess. “2022 I can’t wait for you,” she added. Yesterday, Stacey penned a touching post to mark Zachary’s 14th birthday. Alongside a photo with her eldest son, she wrote: “The truth is you changed my whole life. I could never have comprehended the light and love you would bring. “At 17 years old the things they said about us, what they didn't know was that you were my beginning, my reason, my sole purpose to get up and do my absolute best."