It appears to have gone from bad to worse for Manchester United, as after losing 4-1 in Sunday's derby to Manchester City, Cristiano Ronaldo has now reportedly ignored the demands of interim boss Ralf Rangnick. The fallout is well underway at Old Trafford after Manchester United were thumped 4-1 by their arch-rivals Manchester City on Sunday. Cristiano Ronaldo was not part of the squad to face the champions as it was claimed that he had a slight injury, although it's since been speculated that the star wanted no part after being told he wouldn't start the match. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner's future has been plunged into doubt just six months after returning to United, and he's not the only one assessing his options, with Marcus Rashford also thinking about his future. But United are absolutely clueless on Ronaldo as the star reportedly went against interim boss Ralf Rangnick's policy. Not only did Ronaldo miss Sunday's derby defeat to City, according to The Sun the Portuguese star didn't turn up for Saturday’s club meal, much to the shock of his United team-mates. JUST IN: Micah Richards responds to 'disrespectful' Roy Keane claim after derby  The report continues to say that the 37-year-old flew back to Portugal instead, but even on Monday when United had a scheduled day off, the club were unsure on his whereabouts. This is despite the fact that training was set to take place as normal as United look ahead to Saturday's home clash against Tottenham, a team that Ronaldo has already scored against this season. On Monday night neither the club or Ronaldo's representatives could confirm where he would be at Carrington for United's training session on Tuesday. It was claimed by United that Ronaldo had a hip issue, and his trip back to Portugal would suggest that he jetted off to aid rehabilitation while his team-mates were thumped by City.  DON'T MISS Man Utd's £175m mistake is Rangnick's main problem - not RonaldoRoy Keane calls out two Man Utd stars in Man City loss - 'Frustrating'Man City beat Man Utd: Four things we learned from derby clash  But this goes against Rangnick's demands, as the German has insisted that his players complete all their rehabilitation in Manchester rather than heading abroad if they get injured. Ronaldo's future is now in serious doubt, with the star already growing increasingly frustrated, and with United loosening their grip on the top four, they may miss out on Champions League football next season. Even at the age of 37, it's hard to imagine Ronaldo settling for anything else other than Champions League football, so United may lose their star man within the space of a year. They may also be risking losing Rashford, as although he featured against City, it was off the bench as Anthony Elanga was handed a shock start.  Rashford has struggled for game time and he is far from the bright and energetic youngster that he once was, and it feels like he can't catch a break at the moment. But even in Ronaldo's absence, he was snubbed by Rangnick, and it's been reported that Rashford is considering his options away from Old Trafford for the very first time. Rashford's contract expires at the end of next season, and understandably he reportedly feels as though the arrival of Ronaldo has pushed him to one side. Therefore, being left out even when Ronaldo wasn't in the picture has clearly led Rashford to consider his future, especially with the World Cup taking place at the end of the year. Without regular game time, his World Cup hopes could be in jeopardy, and England has always been a priority for Rashford. 