Chelsea reportedly have at least six serious bidders still in the running to take over as Friday's 9pm deadline closes in. Roman Abramovich's 19-year stint in west London is due to come to an end after the UK government froze his assets following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The Russian billionaire was targeted by the government as part of the crackdown against Vladimir Putin's widely-condemned invasion. Essentially cut off from their owner's money, Chelsea have been left unable to sell more tickets, sell club merchandise or offer new contracts. They were granted a special permit by the government to help fulfil fixtures and pay staff. However, a change of ownership is still required to resume normal service and Abramovich is seemingly prepared to step aside. As a result of the sanctions, he will not receive a penny from the deal almost two decades after he purchased the club for a reported total of £140million. The deadline stands at 9pm on Friday for the best bids to be submitted. JUST IN: Man Utd star Harry Maguire told to 'toughen up' and hit back at Roy Keane and Paul Scholes According to Sky Sports News, six 'serious' parties remain in the running to take the reins from Abramovich. The Russian could be set to lose out on a colossal total of £4billion, partly in debt written off and partly in proceeds from the expected £2.5bn sale. The Ricketts family are one interested party. The current owners of Major League Baseball team the Chicago Cubs are believed to be leading a bid from a group of investors. A consortium involving Todd Boehly and Hansjorg Wyss, the latter of which was one of the first to go public about his quest to purchase the Blues, are also in with a shout. They are joined by a cluster of other businesspeople as part of another consortium. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'very hot' on signing £63m-rated star who is Ralf Rangnick favourite [RUMOUR]Klopp's 'proud' message to Rashford as Liverpool 'eye' move for Man Utd star [GOSSIP]Ian Wright in foul-mouthed Marcus Rashford rant after Man Utd star's statement [SOCIAL] British businessman Nick Candy, who has the backing of Chelsea hero Gianluca Vialli, is also still in the running, alongside a bid from Aethel Partners which is spearheaded by Ricardo Silva. The Saudi Media Group are also alleged to have submitted a massive bid earlier this week, which could see them topple another consortium including ex-Liverpool chairman Sir Martin Broughton and London 2012 chief Lord Coe. While the aforementioned names are out in the open, Sky Sports News theorise that plenty of other serious candidates are likely to be waiting in the wings. Best bids are to be submitted by 9pm on Friday before the group is whittled down.  The government and Premier League are also due to step in when it comes to the latter stages to make sure that the owners are suitable. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel, who has remained largely positive and overseen three consecutive wins throughout the chaotic backstage process, delivered a snappy message to whoever takes over from Abramovich which outlined his ambition to move on from a successful era by shooting for more success. 