Lewis Hamilton and other F1 drivers were reportedly desperate for last weekend's race to be cancelled after a bomb blast near the track but Stefano Domenicali will supposedly fight back on any attempts to have the Saudi Arabina Grand Prix taken off the calendar for good. There were genuine concerns in the paddock on Friday after a Houthi missile attack on an oil facility a little over 10 miles away from the track. F1 officials held an emergency meeting with drivers and team bosses late into the night on Friday to discuss plans going forward. The meeting lasted around four hours with a number of drivers said to have raised serious safety concerns. But Domenicali made assurances that all was well and it was confirmed late in the day that both qualifying and the race would go ahead as planned. Toto Wolff said: “It was a good meeting. We, as team principals, have been assured that we are protected here, that’s probably the safest place in Saudi Arabia at the moment, that we’re racing.” The remainder of the weekend went ahead without any further incidents, but there are supposedly a number of drivers who still have concerns about racing in Saudi Arabia in the future. But the Daily Mail claim that Domenicali plans to see the decade-long contract with Saudi Arabia continue as planned. JUST IN: Hamilton's Red Bull fears increase as Marko shares details on promis    "If ever there was a time to drop the Grand Prix from the calendar, last weekend was it," a source told the Daily Mail. "But it was on. That shows there is a strong commitment from F1 to keep the race. "There's at least a decade to run on the contract and it seems the intention is to see that through. Are there safety concerns? No. Is it thought more can be done in terms of human rights? Yes." F1 gets £50million-a-year from the Saudis to host the event in Jeddah with the track making its debut on the sport's calendar last year. Speaking in December last year, Hamilton hit out at Saudi Arabia's LGBTQ+ laws, describing them as "terrifying". DON'T MISS  “As I said at the last race, I feel that the sport and we are duty bound to make sure that we try to help raise awareness for certain issues that we see, particularly human rights, in these countries that we’re going to,” he said. “With the utmost respect for everyone that’s here, I’ve so far had a warm welcome from the people on the ground. "I can’t pretend to be the most knowledgeable or have the deepest understanding of someone that, particularly, has grown up in the community here that is heavily affected by certain rules and the regime. “Do I feel comfortable here? I [wouldn’t] say I do. But it’s not my choice to be here. The sport has taken a choice to be here. “Whether it’s right or wrong, I think whilst we are here, again, I feel like it’s important that we do try to raise awareness. So in the last race, for example, you saw the helmet that I wore. I will wear that again here and in the next race because that is an issue and is a law."