Mrs Hinch rose to fame on Instagram several years ago after she started sharing unusual cleaning hacks. With more than four million followers, the social media sensation now shares snippets of her day-to-day life. Her fans share their own cleaning finds on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to clean yellowing pillows. Cliffy Kay wrote: “My pillows have gone a yellowy colour. What do I do to get them white again? They are only two years old and I paid quite a lot for them.” Pillows often turn yellow because of the sweat and oils seeping through the linen to the pillow itself. This is more common during the summer months when the weather is warmer. Cosmetics, hair products and water from damp hair can also contribute to yellow staining. READ MORE: House prices: What will it take for house prices to drop? Sharing tips and tricks in the forum, Megan Hambidge said: “I place them in the bath along with laundry detergent and leave to soak for a little bit. “Make sure the water is hot and you can use stain remover if needed, I also add in some baking soda, turns out perfectly.” Fiona Maxwell added: “Sprinkle baking soda on and then gently vacuum it up. Wash your pillows in the bath or sink with detergent, any will do the job. “I use Aldi’s Almat ones, pillows always turn out perfectly.” DON'T MISS:Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘trick’ to looking after orchid houseplant [VIDEO]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 38p tip to banish black mould [COMMENT]Peace lily: How to get your houseplant to bloom this spring [EXPERT] Nicole Byne wrote: “I mix baking soda with water to turn it into a paste, messy job but it’s cheap and easy.” Baking soda, which can be used to soak up dampness and remove odour, can also be used to clean mattresses. Kate Campbell said: “Need to wash them and change bedding every week. “Use Daz Washing Powder and you will have no yellow on any bedding.” Arlene McIntyre said: “Use Day Washing Powder, I never have any yellowing of bedding.” Many cotton, down and synthetic pillows can be put in the washing machine. However, it is always best to refer to the care instructions before doing so. Daz Washing Powder White & Colours can help remove stains from the first wash as well as clean and reveal vibrant colours for coloured clothing. It can be purchased from supermarkets and retails for around £4.50 for a large box. If pillows are completely yellow, it is recommended to change them and buy new ones. In fact, Mattress Online recommended replacing pillows every one to two years, although each type of pillow does have a different life span. Switching pillows can help reduce the risk of allergies.