Jurgen Klopp has been tipped to replace Mohamed Salah with Raphinha or Bukayo Saka by former Reds defender Jose Enrique. But the Spaniard has conceded that it "doesn't make sense" for Liverpool to let their talisman leave in the summer if they can afford to keep him. Speculation over Salah's future has ramped up in recent months, with the 29-year-old now inside the final 18 months of his Anfield deal. Despite attempts to thrash out a new agreement, the two parties have been unable to come to terms - meaning Salah could leave the club next summer. The thought of Liverpool allowing their star man to walk away for nothing doesn't bear thinking about - particularly with Salah in such sizzling form. The Reds star has plundered 28 goals and racked up 10 assists in just 35 games this term as Liverpool chase a history-making quadruple. And although Enrique is adamant that Liverpool should do all they can to hold onto Salah, he believes Raphina and Saka could be viable options to succeed the Reds main man in the future. He told Genting Casino: “I don’t think there is any player like Salah at the moment. READ MORE: Man Utd fans pelt Simeone with missiles after Atletico Madrid loss  "So it won’t be easy to replace him, but Raphinha could be an option, he’s a top player and I really like Bukayo Saka. He’s very young, but maybe he could become a player close to Salah one day. This kind of player could do the job. But if you let Salah go and pay £80million for Saka, plus the salary, it doesn’t make sense to me." As well as Raphinha and Saka, Liverpool have also been persistently linked with a move for West Ham star Jarrod Bowen. However, a deal for any of those three players is unlikely to be straightforward. But, while Leeds and Arsenal are likely to demand big sums for Raphinha and Saka respectively, the duo are unlikely to demand anything like the reported £400,000-a-week salary that Salah is requesting to pen a new deal. Enrique added: “Salah can play for any club in the world. Gareth Bale is leaving Real Madrid, Salah could play there. Playing for Real Madrid is incredible. But the love he gets in Liverpool, he could retire there as a legend and as the best player in the club’s history if he keeps producing these types of numbers. “I understand the club’s position but if you want to keep your best players… Man United are paying well, City are paying well, Chelsea are paying well, Real Madrid and Barcelona are paying well, then Liverpool should pay well. They’re paying well already, but we’re talking about the best player in the world since August. If another club gives Salah £10million-a-year instead of £8million-a-year, I don’t think it’s going to make any difference in his life. “I understand Salah is the best player in the world and obviously you’d want to get paid accordingly, but if both sides are clever, they’ll have to reach a middle ground. That should be happening, but I’m not very positive about it. It would be a massive mistake from him to go and a massive mistake from Liverpool to let him go.”