For example, a person may get worried if they notice some white spots. Some believe this is because their body is low on calcium. However, Dr Sarah Jarvis, has said patients should: “stop worrying – and maybe protect your nails to prevent it happening again.” This is because, says Dr Jarvis: “It’s very common in gardeners and DIY enthusiasts. The spots or lines will gradually grow out to the ends of your nails and then disappear.” READ MORE: Confidence is all in the mind – how to be comfortable in your own skin How the nails are reacting can also be a sign of other conditions such as heart disease. For example, nail clubbing or swelling at the ends of fingertips could be a sign of inflammatory bowel disease, Crohn’s, or ulcerative colitis says Dr Jarvis. On vitamin deficiency, one of the most common deficiencies in the UK is a vitamin b12 deficiency. Symptoms of a vitamin B12 deficiency include a yellow tinge to the skin, a sore and red tongue, mouth ulcers, pins and needles, and changes in the way that a person walks and moves around.  Furthermore, other symptoms are, disturbed vision, irritability, depression, changes in the way a person thinks, feels, and behaves as well as a decline in mental abilities. The NHS recommends that a person should see a GP if: “you’re experiencing signs of vitamin B12 [deficiency]”. While a vitamin B12 deficiency can be treated easily, the NHS does have a warning. The warning in question is over how long the deficiency goes untreated for: “The longer the condition goes untreated, the higher the chance of permanent damage.” Vitamin B12 deficiency can have a number of causes including pernicious anaemia, diet, conditions affecting the stomach, conditions affecting the intestines, medication, and a functional B12 deficiency. Pernicious anaemia is an autoimmune condition and is the most common cause of B12 deficiency in the UK. During pernicious anaemia the immune system attacks the cells in the stomach meaning the body is unable to absorb vitamin B12. While the cause pernicious anaemia is unknown, it is most likely to affect women over the age of 60 and people with a family history. Some patients can develop a deficiency if they don’t get enough vitamin B12 in their diet. Foods high in vitamin B12 include meat, fish, and other dairy products. Since the vitamin B12 stores in the body can last for up to four years, it can often take a while for any symptoms of the deficiency to develop. For more information on vitamin B12 deficiency contact the NHS or consult with your GP.