THis latest telephone conversation with Emmanuel Macron left the French president in no doubt that the Russian tyrant will do whatever it takes militarily to crush Ukraine. The temptation for us in the West is either to plunge into despair or make headstrong calls for Nato forces to intervene either on the ground or via a “No Fly Zone” to magically save Ukrainian civilians. In fact, either such measure would put us on a path to World War Three and death and destruction on a scale altogether more vast and widespread, as our level-headed Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has calmly explained. But this does not mean we are doomed to do nothing and just watch idly as Putin’s tanks roll through one country in Eastern Europe before setting their sights on the next. Rather it means we must abandon the notion that there is an easy or quick win to be had. Instead, we should take inspiration from our own greatest generation – those who engaged in and emerged victorious from a heroic six-year struggle against Nazi Germany. After their own parents had been told that the First World War would be over by Christmas, they could have been under no illusions about what the Second would mean. As Winston Churchill told them in 1940, he had nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat. They did not complain but knuckled down to it. Similar qualities of stoicism and stamina are now needed in the struggle against Putin, but the sacrifices that will be asked of us as individuals will be tiny compared to those of our forebears. Patient backing of a strategy that seeks to make it impossible for Putin to hold Ukraine long-term and wither away his domestic support-base until it collapses is what is required. The costs of this will not be insignificant – higher fuel and food prices and much higher defence spending as all member states bolster Nato’s military capabilities are bound to ensue. There will also be a psychological cost to entering what in effect will be a new Cold War against a totalitarian regime in charge of the world’s biggest nuclear arsenal.  Noisy blowhards from both the left and right of politics will seek to distract us from the job in hand by recommending simplistic and dramatic alternative approaches or trying to undermine public faith in our national response. They must be resisted. Despite overblown criticisms of what has been achieved so far across the Western world, the truth is that we do now have the Russian economy in a slow stranglehold. Its central bank cannot use its foreign exchange reserves, its stock exchange dares not trade, its currency continues to lose value and its oligarchs are global pariahs. This week’s UN vote which saw 141 countries line up in condemnation of Russia with only four in its corner was more than symbolic – it told of indignities and hardships yet to come for Russia. In time this will have a devastating effect on their living standards, signalling to its people, including Putin’s inner-circle, that the psychotic strategy of their great dictator is leading them into a spiral of decline that will wreck lives permanently if it continues. By continuing to arm the Ukrainian military – and no doubt irregular and guerrilla groups in months to come – the West can ensure the blood price Russia pays for its occupation stays very high and that war-weariness among its people grows.  By sharing across the world TV footage of the atrocities and devastation Russians are enacting upon fellow Slavs, even the most bone-headed Russian nationalists will be exposed to the shame that attaches to such conduct. A great chipping-away at Putin’s Kremlin fortress is in full swing. It is hardly as satisfying as seeing his regime blown to smithereens in one go. But our satisfaction is not the central goal here. What matters, as Boris Johnson has observed, is that Putin ultimately fails and is seen to fail and that one day the flame of freedom in Ukraine should burn bright again. If things go well this could be achieved in months. More realistically we are looking at several years of grim slog punctuated by nerve-jangling moments of crisis. Keep calm and carry on, they used to say 80 years ago. That approach paved the way to victory then and can do so now if we are grown-up enough to stick with it. 