 The Chase star Bradley Walsh has praised his friend Marcos Castillo, who is spending £5,000 every day housing Ukrainian refugees in Poland. The pair appeared on ITV's Good Morning Britain when Bradley used the opportunity to praise his "hero" friend for his "selfless" actions.   Appearing on Monday’s episode of the morning programme, the former soap star paid tribute to his friend live on air. Bradley began: "I met Marcos around 10 years ago as we have a shared interest in classic cars. “We met in Portugal and we've remained friends ever since,” the ITV host presenter explained. “Marcos is the sort of guy who would take in dogs and that, and look after them and take them to the vet and his heart is so big." READ MORE:The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps Bradley told viewers at home: “All of a sudden, a few weeks ago, I went to the place where he works and one of his colleagues said he'd gone to Poland to collect a car strangely enough. "And he wasn't going to collect a car, in fact, he was going to the Ukraine/Poland border to help. “When I spoke to him, he said 'I've got to help, I can't just sit by and watch this. I've got a load of money, I'm going up there to help.' "And next thing I knew, he'd taken over this hotel and he keeps me updated on what's happening and the guy is just, I love him dearly.  “He's a great friend of mine and he's got the biggest heart and it's a selfless act. "It's extraordinary,” Bradley went on to say. “Not all heroes wear capes, as the saying goes. “It's extraordinary what he's done,” said the father of two. Marcos shared how he was desperate to help the Ukrainian refugees but knows there are many more who require aid in the midst of the conflict.  The charity worker explained: “It's the hardest thing to do every day, because let's say you're saving 40 people every day, but behind those 40 people, there are really another 1000 people who are desperate. "The TV doesn't give it justice at all. If you're here, your heart is just broken. “You can't say no and you just figure out where to find the other money. “I just want to help but I don't know what else to do,” he shared on the show.  Earlier in the show, ITV newsreader Martin Lewis praised Marcos for helping the Ukrainian schoolgirl who was filmed singing Frozen’s Let It Go from a war shelter. Martin explained: "The real hero Marcos has paid for hotel accommodation... sorry. “I was so lost by the little girl. I remember going through a period where my little girl was singing Let It Go and she wasn't doing it in a bunker. “And we are going to another hero, Marcos, who has paid for hotel accommodation for over 44 grateful families..." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am 