Fans hoping that Tiger Woods will tee it up at the Masters next week have been boosted after it was reported that he was 'looking good' during a practice round at Augusta National with his son Charlie and Justin Thomas. Woods hasn’t featured on the PGA Tour since being involved in a high-speed car accident last February.  As a result the 15-time major champion suffered open fractures to his lower right leg and further injuries to his foot and ankle in the accident. Many believed that following the crash in Los Angeles, Woods would never be able to play competitive golf again. However, an intense rehabilitation process has seen the golfing great make a battle back towards competitive fitness, and has seemingly made every effort to compete at next week’s season-opening major. Woods was initially included on the Masters provisional players list last week, sparking wild rumours that his remarkable return could come at Augusta. Speculation was then ramped up on Tuesday, after it was revealed Woods had landed at Augusta National Airport and was set to play a practice round at the famous Georgia course alongside his son and Thomas. And, in a fresh update, a source reportedly told ESPN: “He played every [hole]. He looked good to me.” DON'T MISS: Tiger Woods to play Masters practice round after 'private jet lands in Augusta' Whilst all past champions are invited back to compete in the Masters, Woods has still yet to chalk his name off this list with just eight days before the action kicks off. At last month’s Genesis Invitational, he refused to rule out a Masters appearance, after responding: “I don’t know,” when asked by reporters if he was planning to compete. If he isn’t to take to the field next Thursday, the five-time green jacket winner did reveal he would still be in attendance at Augusta on tournament week after revealing his plans to attend the annual champions dinner. He added: “I'll be there Tuesday and it will be a great dinner - I don't know what kind of sushi we are going to have!" READ MORETiger Woods 'exhausting every effort' to play Masters with announcement expectedRichard Bland fires warning to Dustin Johnson with 49-year-old on verge of maiden MastersTiger Woods' comments on returning to action with star named on Masters provisional list  Even if Woods does compete at next week’s major, the American has warned fans that his return to the PGA Tour will not be a regular one, after revealing he will never be able to compete on a full-time basis again due to the effect of his injuries. Discussing his future last month, he commented: “Will I come back and play a full schedule? No. That will never happen again. “I can play certain events here and there, but on a full-time level, no, that will never happen again." Despite his absence from the Tour ,Woods has made one public appearance back on the golf course after competing in last December’s PNC Championship, once again alongside son Charlie.