Susanna Reid, 51, has hosted Good Morning Britain since 2014, when she left BBC Breakfast. The presenter reacted on Twitter to the idea of Rylan Clark, 33, presenting the show with her amid recent criticism he has received regarding his appearance. Rylan sent a tweet earlier today in view of his 1.6million followers in response to a social media user. CillianSwell said in the comments of one of Rylan's posts: "Apart from teeth that a bl***y horse would be proud of and speaking like a chav s**t. "What exactly do you contribute to society?" Rylan joked back: "Well.., ya dad seemed happy when he left last night." (sic) READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update Many took to the comments to reassure Rylan and comment on his funny remark hitting back at the trolls. Steph McGovern said: "I am howling." Ell_ellixia added: "You entertain several people which is more than that person can say with their grand total of two followers!" Dominic Byrne, a newsreader on Chris Moyles Breakfast Show replied: "Just thought I'd mention that I think you're bl***y brilliant. "You should be hosting GMB too - you'd be great with @susannareid100. Anyway - ignore the n*b heads." In response, Susanna retweeted Dominic's comment in view of her 859,100 followers, showing her support for the idea. This comes also after recent criticism of her current GMB hosting partner Richard Madeley. On today's show, Richard and Susanna spoke about International Women's Day and were joined by Iceland's First Lady, Eliza Jean Reid. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen [OPINION] Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [TWITTER] Karren Brady on why 'contradictory' Meghan Markle gets criticised [COMMENT] Richard was slammed by viewers for asking Eliza whether she would be willing to pick up a gun and use it if she experienced a similar situation as Ukraine, which was invaded by Russia two weeks ago. This comes after Richard similarly received criticism yesterday for asking Ukrainian MP Lesia Vasylenko whether she was "capable of shooting someone dead". He said to Eliza: "Alright. So if you weren't the first lady of Iceland, but say you were the first lady of Kyiv, and you were there presumably you would want them to get to a place of safety? "Would you want and be willing to pick up a gun?" Eliza replied: "I think that's such a hypothetical question for me to answer because I am not in that situation. "But I can say that I am in awe of the women of Kyiv and how they are defending their country." Viewers of the show were unimpressed and took to Twitter to criticise Richard's interviewing skills. Fibutton said: "Richard Madeley being shut down by Susanna, asking the first lady of Iceland how many kids she has & if she'd pick up a gun and kill someone if it came to it, he's obsessed! "Susanna wanted to talk about the trafficking of women & child refugees & he brings it down to that! #gmb." Plouise16 added: "Richard Madeley is not fit to report on such huge issues. He’s an embarrassment and you can see Susanna is mortified. "Absolutely obsessed to ask everyone if they’d pick up a gun and kill someone #GMB."