Purchasing a home can be one of the most exciting times in someone’s life, but it can also be a stressful one, with many even struggling to get onto the property ladder. With house prices on the rise, one expert has shared top tips for anyone trying to purchase their own home. Nationwide’s latest House Price Index (HPI) recently unveiled that the average property price has exceeded £260,000 for the first time. This means it is getting extremely hard for people to buy homes, with the annual UK house price growth increasing to 12.6 percent in February, up from 11.2 in January. Commenting on the figures, Robert Gardner, Nationwide’s Chief Economist, said: “Annual house price growth accelerated to 12.6 percent in February, up from 11.2 in January and the strongest pace since June last year. “Prices rose by 1.7 percent month-on-month, after taking account of seasonal effects, the seventh consecutive monthly increase. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation “The price of a typical home rose above £260,000 for the first time in February, an increase of £29,162 over the past 12 months. “This is the largest ever annual increase in cash terms since the start of our monthly index in 1991. “The price of a typical home is now £44,138 (20 percent) higher than in February 2020, the month before the pandemic struck.” With the property market remaining competitive despite the end of the Stamp Duty Holiday last year, how can first-time buyers get onto the property ladder? DON'T MISS:House prices: ‘Most underrated way’ of adding value to a property [COMMENT]‘Easy’ ways to tackle weeds in the garden and driveway - job to do now [INSIGHT]Lawn will be in need of a ‘serious haircut’ now [EXPERT] Gemma David, customer experience director at Graven Hill, the UK’s largest self and custom build community, explained: “For most first-time property buyers, saving for a deposit is often seen as the biggest hurdle. “However, having been in and out of lockdowns over the past two years, restrictions have given some people the opportunity to save more money than ever before, allowing them to take their first steps onto the property ladder.” The expert explained that there are a number of options available for those struggling to get onto the property market. This includes different schemes future buyers can opt in to as well as the Help to Build scheme. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Gemma said: “Both the mortgage guarantee scheme and the help to buy scheme have been introduced to support first time home purchases. “Both of these schemes require a five percent deposit, providing an attainable option to those starting at the bottom of the property ladder.” However the help to buy is coming to an end in March 2023, meaning now is the time to take advantage of it, The expert addeed: “For those that dream of self-building, the Government recently announced the Help to Build scheme, which is worth considering. “Much like the Help to Buy scheme, the initiative will allow purchasers to secure a self-build plot with a five percent deposit, alongside a Government-backed equity loan. “Applicants can now register their interest in the scheme, providing first time buyers and those higher on the property ladder with the chance to create a home that suits them perfectly.” First-time buyers may find themselves moving to unfamiliar areas to help secure an affordable property. However, the expert said they should have to limit where they choose to live. Gemma added: “Thanks to the rise in remote working, buyers no longer have to prioritise location over their perfect home. “Choosing to live in the peace and quiet of the countryside doesn’t have to mean sacrificing the buzz of the city either. “For example, while Graven Hill is surrounded by green space, it also has great transport links into Bicester, Oxford and London. “By doing their research and considering all the financial support options available, first-time buyers don’t have to accept compromise as part of the deal."