Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta may be tempted to get rid of Nicolas Pepe after his horrific performances in the narrow 1-0 win over Aston Villa on Saturday, with the Ivorian winger earning criticism from fans and pundits alike despite the win in the midlands.  Pepe, 26, came on for Bukayo Saka after 70 minutes to give the Gunners fresh legs in their hunt for Champions League qualification. The star has had a slow start to life in the capital in his two years, whilst Saka has burst onto the scene in the time he has been around. And the two could not have had much more of a polar opposite afternoon against Steven Gerrard's men. Saka contributed to the win with a goal and looked lively throughout. Yet Pepe's day was completely different. He lost the ball countless times, giving Villa the ball in a time when Arsenal did not want them to have possession.  When he gave away a free kick on the edge of the box in the 94th minute, Arteta was caught screaming at him for giving Philippe Coutinho the chance to equalise. But even though Bernd Leno saved the Brazilian's effort, it was enough to convince most that Pepe's Arsenal future was almost over. Despite Pepe's struggles, Arteta was over the moon with his side's victory at Villa Park on Saturday afternoon. The result leaves the Gunners needing eight wins from their last 10 games at a maximum to finish in the top four. And Arteta is now starting to see the light at the end of the dark tunnel Arsenal have travelled down for five years. "That's why it probably makes sense to everything we do," the Spaniard said.  "If we can make them happy, everything makes sense. Personally, it feels great. "You can see the connection they have. It is phenomenal to watch. If you want to be a top team, you have to win home and away. We are doing that consistently and we have to continue. We really want [the top four] and we are going to give it a go." Arsenal's next game is a tie against Crystal Palace on April 4, after the international break takes place. 