Simon (played by Alex Bain) has been taking a back seat from the drama on Coronation Street in recent weeks, with his cousin Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) having the spotlight put on her over her romance with bad boy Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan). In Friday evening's instalment of the ITV soap, the troubled character found himself embroiled in the love dilemma as Amy finally revealed to her parents she was seeing the former drug dealer again. With fists being thrown and threats being made, it seems Simon has upset the apple cart and could become the victim of an unknown assailant. After spending weeks hiding her relationship with Jacob, Amy thought it would be best she told Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) and Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) about her romance over dinner. Fair to say, the dinner did not go as planned and Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) also added her two pennies worth in by disapproving of the relationship. As Jacob decided to leave and defuse the situation, he bumped into Simon, who was eager to let the former drug dealer know what he thought of him. In a conversation that wasn't aired, Simon disrespected his cousin by calling her all sorts of names, leading Jacob to punch him in the face. This was witnessed by Steve and Amy, who were both left in shock over his violent outburst, considering he was trying so hard to turn over a new leaf. READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? With Jacob being outcast once more, Simon made it out he was the victim by nursing a bloody nose and telling his mother Leanne his version of events. When Amy turned up at the bistro where her cousin was, having heard how her boyfriend was defending her, she was furious. The youngster had been planning on exposing Simon's lies but he managed to land himself in it when Leanne picked him up on some inaccuracies of his story. Finally admitting what he had done, the teenager looked dismayed as he thought Jacob was going to be given another chance. Unfortunately, Steve still wasn't convinced about Jacob and told his daughter she had to choose between him or her family. By the end of the episode, Amy had made her decision as she rang her mother to tell her she was going to be living with Jacob. The youngster said: "I'm sorry but I'm not coming back. "Because today, someone from my own family insulted me and then you and dad didn't believe me and then when the truth came out, dad didn't defend me. "So when dad told me to choose between Jacob and my family, I chose the only person who stood up for me today. I'm sorry but I need to go." Tracy was left devastated by her daughter's decision but she should be more worried about what Amy could have planned. DON'T MISS...Sue Nicholls health: TV viewer spotted star's 'red flag' cancer sign [ANALYSIS]'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [COMMENT]Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure [HEALTH] The first contender on the list to kill Simon could be Amy, as she will be wanting revenge on her cousin for paining Jacob to be the bad guy. Simon and Amy have never seen eye to eye but this would make their troubled relationship even worse, leading the latter to take drastic action. She has never shown any indication of wanting to kill someone but she could possess Tracy's deadly instincts, making her born killer. Having committed the murder, she would only tell Jacob the truth as she would need his help to hide her cousin's body. As time passes by and she realises the impact Simon's death has had on her family, will her guilt lead her to confess? Another contender to kill Simon could be Jacob, following his altercation with the troubled character in the middle of the street. The impact of his fist hitting Simon's head could have already resulted in the teenager sustaining a brain injury, which could get progressively worse. As his nose wouldn't stop bleeding, even after a few minutes, this could be a strong indication something is very wrong. Although it has not been announced the character is leaving, this could be left until the episode is broadcast to add to the shock factor. Simon's death would definitely hit Leanne the hardest as she lost her youngest son back in 2020. Jacob would feel an immense sense of guilt as he wouldn't have meant to kill Simon, especially as he is trying to move on from his past. The last contender on the list to kill Simon could be Steve, as he believed the youngster when he said Jacob was unprovoked when he hit him. Again, this could be accidental as Steve might want to just teach Simon a lesson about messing with his daughter and family. However, as things get out of hand, the taxi cab driver could have a corpse to try and hide as he tries to avoid jail. Just how long would he be able to keep his deadly secret harboured? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.