"Stress is oxidative," she explained, which can lead to low energy, frequent headaches, mood swings and other symptoms of stress. "When there are too many stressors at one time, it can become detrimental to our physical and mental health," Lola Biggs added. Excess stress might lead to sweating, a racing heart, nausea, faintness or dizziness, Biggs stated. Cortisol – the stress hormone – pumping through your veins may also cause issues with sleep, frequent colds and infections, and an upset stomach. For people feeling stressed out, fuelling your body with sugar is only going to make things worse. "Start your day with healthy gut-friendly Greek yogurt," advised Biggs. "Try topping with blueberries." As stress is oxidative, the consumption of "antioxidant" foods, such as blueberries, can be helpful in preventing damage to the body. Biggs added that blueberries are "full of vitamin C and have been shown to provide anxiety relief". READ MORE: Bowel cancer – The 'gold-standard' method to detect pre-cancerous polyps Another addition to Greek yoghurt and fruit is nuts, such as walnuts or almonds, which are high in immunity bolstering vitamins E and B. There are a couple of drinks, however, that you should refrain from, as they could exacerbate feelings of stress. "Avoid coffee... and energy drinks," Biggs stated, as "caffeine can increase the body's levels of cortisol". Moreover, caffeine might make you feel good in the moment by providing a dopamine hit, but you are more likely to feel "low" once it wears off. What other foods could help improve stress levels? Biggs recommends fermented foods, such as kimchi and miso, as they are "packed with beneficial probiotics". Moreover, fermented foods are rich in minerals, vitamins, and antioxidants that can help to reduce stress and anxiety, Biggs noted. Another powerful addition to the diet is avocados, which are brimming with vitamin B6 and magnesium. "Supporting your body particularly with B vitamins and magnesium can be useful," said Biggs. Avocados have also been shown to have a "positive effect on the nervous system". In order to experience the benefits of healthy eating, you also need to cut down on salty and sugary foods. This means you need to cut back on biscuits, sweets, chocolate, crisps, and takeaways. When it comes to snacking, Biggs recommends "stress-busting foods" such as: Aside from dietary modifications, you need to introduce stress-busting activities into your everyday life to release feelings of stress. The NHS suggests being active to reduce some of the emotional intensity that you are feeling. Connecting with others can be a great stress buster too, so it can help to get in touch with people who you get on with. Volunteering for a cause you care about is another way to reduce feelings of stress.