The Duke of Sussex and wife Meghan Markle have decided not to fly back to the UK for the event on Tuesday, despite other members of The Firm and royals from around the world flying in to pay tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh's decades of duty. Harry was originally planning to attend but pulled out of the event. Although he has not officially stated a reason, experts have suggested he decided not to attend following a row over his security in the UK.  Royal expert Victoria Arbiter called the move “disappointing” and warned the Duke may regret his decision as she went on to explain the closeness Prince Harry shared with his grandfather. Writing for 9Honey, she said: “In light of their close relationship, Prince Harry's decision to forego attending the Service of Thanksgiving for the Life of HRH The Duke of Edinburgh, due to take place on Tuesday, was inevitably disappointing. “Though he has yet to offer a reason for his absence, some have suggested he made the choice in response to his ongoing quest for police protection while visiting the UK, but the argument falls a bit flat when one considers the security that will be implemented on the day.” The service will be attended by royals from Sweden, Belgium, the Netherlands and Spain.   Other extended royal family, dignitaries, politicians and military representatives are also set to fill the congregation held at Westminster Abbey. Ms Arbiter continued writing: “Next week, however, there's likely to be a strong turnout from extended members of the family, each of whom will be keen to provide the Queen a sense of unity as she publicly mourns her husband once again. “Though she's never been one to hold a grudge, surely it would be better for Prince Harry to make his peace now as opposed to living with a lifetime filled with potential regret. “There are no second chances for occasions such as these. READ MORE:Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's 'major misstep' split US fans  “In the wake of Prince Philip's death, Prince Harry released a statement in which he jokingly referenced his beloved grandfather's notoriously gruff nature. “He said ‘He has been a rock for Her Majesty The Queen with unparalleled devotion, by her side for 73 years of marriage. And while I could go on, I know that right now he would say to all of us, beer in hand, 'Oh do get on with it!’ “As and when the time comes, seeing his family en masse isn't going to be easy, but were Prince Philip still alive today, he'd probably offer his much-adored grandson the very same advice.” The memorial service will honour the Duke of Edinburgh's dedication to “family, nation and Commonwealth”, his contribution to public life and his steadfast support to his charities, Buckingham Palace has said. DON'T MISS:Ivanka Trump fans gush as ex-president’s daughter returns to InstagramPrince William vows to ‘respect decisions’ about independence Former NATO Commander ‘stunned’ at Russia’s ‘tactical incompetence' Mr Arbiter spoke about the moments where the Duke of Edinburgh showed a special display of affection for Prince Harry. One such moment, mentioned by Ms Arbiter, was Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s wedding. She said: “There was perhaps no clearer indication of Prince Philip's love for his grandson than in May 2018 when he walked unaided into St. George's Chapel to witness his marriage to Miss Meghan Markle. “Having undergone hip surgery only six weeks earlier it was a remarkable feat, but his impressive recovery spoke to his unwavering dedication to his family and his desire to celebrate their every milestone. “As Harry fondly professed ahead of his grandfather's funeral in April 2021, he was ‘a man of service, honour and great humour.’” 