Unverified reports from Ukraine indicate over 15,000 Russian troops have been killed since the start of the invasion four weeks ago. It comes as emerging intelligence describes low morale among the invading force, who are said to be confused and struggling with cold weather and a lack of food  A post on Twitter claims to show troops from South Ossetia - a region the Georgian government considers a part of its territory - arriving on the border of Russia. Alik Puhati, a writer from the Ossetia region, said: “Today, about 300 soldiers (mostly ethnic Ossetians) from the Russian military base returned to South Ossetia of their own free will, because they thought they had been left for dead during a special operation in Ukraine. "The former president of South Ossetia called not to draw hasty conclusions and not to accuse the guys of desertion, but to carefully investigate the situation when soldiers are sent to combat operations without full outfit and stocks of weapons, warm clothing and protective equipment." Accompanying an image of soldiers, he added: "Returned soldiers on the border of Russia and South Ossetia. “They hitchhiked home.”  South Ossetiais of significant importance to the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia. The breakaway region says plans are in place to become part of the Russian Federation. Russia recognised South Ossetia as an independent state in 2008 after fighting a short war with Georgia. It has provided the separatist region with extensive financial support, offered Russian citizenship to its population and stationed thousands of Russian troops there. Anatoly Bibilov, the separatist leader of South Ossetia, said: “I believe unification with Russia is our strategic goal, our path, the aspiration of the people. “We will take the relevant legislative steps shortly. “The Republic of South Ossetia will be part of its historical homeland – Russia.”  READ MORE:Pakistan and India left on fence over Ukraine invasion However, the news does not hide the fact Putin’s advances in Ukraine are stalling badly. Russia recently announced it would de-escalate its attacks on Kyiv. Ukraine has warned this is yet another false flag move by Moscow. But for Russian soldiers, the will to carry on is beginning to fade as more headlines emerge of difficult conditions. One report in New Lines Magazine said of Russian soldiers near a village in Ukraine: “The villagers say they are begging for food. “They’re so hungry, they come to the villagers and ask for something to eat. “The villagers say they are not aggressive. “Their commanders want them to fight, to be harsh. “But they are too busy asking for scraps to eat.”  DON'T MISS:Fury erupts as Labour 'whinge' over partygate scandal [REPORT]China and Russia set for key meeting [REVEAL]Boris warned UK must 'not to sit on laurels' with trade [OPINION] According to British military intelligence reports, Russian forces are now very much on the back foot as they retreat across borders. The latest report read: “Russian units suffering heavy losses have been forced to return to Belarus and Russia to reorganise and resupply. “Such activity is placing further pressure on Russia’s already strained logistics and demonstrates the difficulties Russia is having reorganising its units in forward areas within Ukraine.” Speaking of how Russia may overcome this problem, the MoD continued: “Russia will likely continue to compensate for its reduced ground manoeuvre capability through mass artillery and missile strikes.”  Russia has also failed to secure the city of Mariupol in spite of extreme military intervention. Ukrainian defences have so far managed to hold on to the centre of the southern city. Closer to home in Moscow, Putin has suffered more embarrassment as scores of Russian diplomats accused of spying in Europe have been declared persona-non-grata. Alleged spies from Belgium, Ireland, the Czech Republic and the Netherlands have all been given just days to pack and return home. Russia has stated the allegations are fabricated and will return the gesture in kind to each EU nation expelling its staff. 