Tiger Woods’ ex-caddie has made a surprise revelation about the 15-time major champion's post-round schedule. Steve Williams was on the golfing great's bag during his most illustrious years on the course. Woods’ stellar career as golf’s poster boy has seen him become the second highest earning athlete of all time, only pipped by basketball great Michael Jordan. However, his former man on the bag, Williams, revealed that money was ‘never ever’ a priority of the 15-time major champion, only ‘trophies and creating records’. Williams - who was on the bag for 13 of Tiger’s 15 major victories - told the Chasing Majors podcast that his tournament winnings were always at the back of his mind post-tournament. He commented: “One of the things I admire most about Tiger – I admired a lot of things about him – but one thing I absolutely admired about Tiger is that at the completion of a tournament you'd go into the scorer's hut and you sign your scorecard and you hand it in. JUST IN: Tiger Woods mocks Phil Mickelson on social media after beating golf rival to £6m prize  “They always have a sheet with the prize money allocation for everybody so you can look up on the screen to see how you finished and look down and see how much you won. "Tiger never, ever once took a look at that. “He played to win trophies and create records, not for prize money." Having earned over £1.5 billion in inflation-adjusted earnings throughout his career, many may not be too surprised to learn that finding out his tournament earnings was not always at the top of his agenda post-round. DON'T MISSZach Johnson named Team USA Ryder Cup captain to take on Europe in Italy next yearPhil Mickelson sponsor Callaway 'pause' partnership as Saudi Golf League fallout continuesBrooks Koepka makes Saudi Super League admission as ‘everyone talks about money'  However despite the riches and mega-money wage packets throughout the whole of golf, Williams revealed Woods was the only ever player he saw take this precedent. He continued: “He's the only player I've ever caddied for, the only player I've ever seen who never, ever looked at that sheet. “OK, you could argue he didn’t need to look at that sheet, but every player looks at that sheet, and he never did.” The ex-caddie’s remarkable insight comes in the midst of the Saudi Golf League saga, with players reportedly being offered multi-million pound offers to join the contentious breakaway series.  It has been no secret that the mega-money deals have been considered by a number of the world’s best despite the controversies, however finances overseas were once again never a real interest of Woods when it came to weighing up competition further afield. “Another thing that I admire about him (was) when he was getting approached to go and play in an event overseas,” added Williams. "All the players always ask, 'What's the purse at that event?'. Tiger never asked what the purse was. “Whenever he got offers to play at events overseas, the prize money had no bearing on his decision to play or not play in an event that he was invited to overseas." 