Divock Origi appears to be edging closer to leaving Liverpool and that move will also serve to hand the Red their priority for the summer transfer window. The Belgian striker has become a cult hero at Anfield, scoring decisive goals in their Champions League and Premier League title wins. But his contract is set to expire at the end of the season and despite his popularity on Merseyside, it is unlikely that he will be handed a new deal. Origi's role has become that of a bit-part super-sub, with Diogo Jota, Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino and Luis Diaz all ahead of him in the pecking order. That is not to say he will not be missed by Jurgen Klopp though as the German begins planning for next season. Origi formed a key part of Liverpool's attacking corps and will undoubtedly leave a hole at Anfield. It puts Liverpool in a similar position to how they entered the current campaign, with the Reds looking stretched for back-up options. Xherdan Shaqiri was allowed to leave for Lyon without being replaced, which left Klopp's attacking group appearing short on depth. READ MORE: Liverpool consider transfer swoop for 'next Sadio Mane' with £83m tag While that was not a problem during the first half of the campaign, and was solved completely by the signing of Diaz, it's an issue that could become apparent as soon as injuries hit. The Reds experienced a similar situation in defence last season, which was a fatal blow to their Premier League title defence. With that warning still in the minds of those with a Reds persuasion, Origi's exit will present Liverpool with a hint towards their summer transfer priority. A summer of high spending is unlikely, but Klopp will still hope to bring in reinforcements. DON'T MISS: Liverpool's latest transfer setback could be blessing in disguise (INSIGHT)Aguero says Man City may not win title even if they beat Liverpool (NEWS)Man Utd tipped to move for Liverpool's Firmino in bold transfer claim (TRANSFERS) And if those reinforcements do indeed come in, the Reds boss should certainly look towards strengthening his attacking options before the other areas of his squad. Liverpool possess impressive strength in depth in defence and midfield. But Origi's departure does leave his options up-front looking at risk of causing problems. That is especially the case when the contract situations of Mane and Salah are considered, meaning Klopp may be keen to integrate a new key player across a whole campaign, rather than starting afresh if that duo depart.