Death In Paradise’s Ralf Little, 42, has hit out at David Cameron after he revealed he had been volunteering at a food project which helps struggling families. In another update, Mr Cameron announced he was on his way to Poland to give supplies to Ukrainian refugees. The former prime minister detailed the work he had been doing with a series of photographs to his 1.7million Twitter followers. Mr Cameron wrote: “For the last two years I've been volunteering each week at the Chippy Larder, a food project in my local town, which helps low-income families with surplus food from supermarkets (and cuts food waste at the same time). “During lockdown, we did thousands of deliveries, and our store is now open and well used. “In the last fortnight, we’ve appealed for the things that refugees from Ukraine need as they arrive in Poland. READ MORE:'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation "The response has been amazing. The brilliant Chippy Larder team have [filled] a small lorry with everything from nappies to sanitary products, warm clothes to first aid kits." He praised the "generosity of the community in West Oxfordshire" as well as "the British people more generally". He concluded: “I'm currently driving to Poland with two Chippy Larder colleagues to make our delivery to the Red Cross. It’s going to be a long drive, but I’ll keep you updated along the way. #StandWithUkraine️.” Mr Cameron’s deeds did not spark the reaction he was hoping for, instead, legions of users took to the comments to criticise that he was “helping with the mess he created”. Ralf, who plays DI Neville Parker on the BBC show, raged: “On the one hand you want to say fair play. On the other hand, he presided over an austerity policy that literally created this situation.” Others joining Ralf in the furore included Labour MP, Zarah Sultana, who raged: “Foodbank use went up 2,612 percent while David Cameron was prime minister. Apologise for that before you start posing for photos.” Political commentator Owen Jones chimed in comparing his work to a “serial arsonist joining the local fire brigade”. A user named Amy added: “So you are helping with the mess you created. I’m finding it hard to give the praise you’re looking for.” DON'T MISSChris Kamara addresses slurred speech on Soccer Saturday[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson blames Putin's height as reason for invasion[INSIGHT]Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’[NEWS] While Alan fumed: ”Completely lacking in self-awareness.” And Rob echoed: “Food banks are something we should be ashamed of. They are not photo ops.” It comes after Ralf took aim at Nigel Farage after he shared his thoughts on P&O Ferries sacking its UK seafarers and replacing them with cheap agency staff. GB News presenter Nigel tweeted: “It is a disgrace that cheap foreign workers will replace 800 sacked P&O Ferries staff. "Brexit was about putting our people first.” Sharing Nigel’s tweet, Ralf quipped: “… was it?” Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.