England will play with no names on the back of their shirts against Switzerland for the entire second half of their international friendly on Saturday in a bid to raise awareness for the Alzheimer's Society. The players are set to take to the field after the interval with names removed from their shirts to highlight how people developing dementia can lose precious memories - even sporting heroes. The gesture supports the 900,000 people living with dementia with shirts being auctioned to raise funds for the Alzheimer's Society. The movement will show a message that football should be an unforgettable spectacle for everyone enjoying it. The game creates memories for millions who spectate, play and officiate the sport. And for England fans, it is unthinkable that anyone could forget a player in the national team given their prominence in the sporting industry. However, for those with dementia this is a reality - and it is hoped that even with one simple change to the shirt, it will provide those without the neurological disorder a chance to 'step into the shoes' of those who are less fortunate. Kate Lee, CEO of the Alzheimer's society, said that the move should raise awareness and help ensure no one with the disorder has to 'suffer alone'. “As the squad walk out in these thought-provoking shirts, we hope it will get fans up and down the country to sit up and take note of the reality of living with dementia," Lee said. "Football should be unforgettable - I hope it makes a massive impact that ripples from the Royal Box to the stands and into homes across the nation, inspiring people to support our work to raise awareness and reduce stigma and help us make sure no-one faces dementia alone.” Professional footballers from the 20th century are starting to be diagnosed with dementia more and more frequently. Two of England's greatest heroes Jack Charlton and Nobby Stiles both suffered with the illness before their deaths in 2020. Charlton's brother and England's former all-time top scorer, Bobby, was then diagnosed in November of the same year, with tributes flooding in for the Manchester United legend. Elsewhere, a report by Sky found that over 50 per cent of Burnley's starting XI in their title-winning season of 1959-60 season are suffering with or have died from dementia. England will take to the field against Switzerland in front of a full capacity Wembley crowd for just the third time since 2019. The Three Lions beat Andorra and Albania in the two previous outings in September and November respectively.