LG just launched a new way to watch telly and those willing to make the switch will enjoy a brand-new Xbox Series S for free. Yes, you did read that correctly! The South Korean technology giant is dishing out next-generation consoles to anyone who ditches their standard gogglebox and moves over to a projector for their next Netflix binge. This deal is available to anyone who buys the new LG HU715Q Ultra Short Throw projector or the LG HU710P projector. Both of the devices feature compact designs and the ability to blast out stunning 4K content at a size of up to 100-inches. Other features tucked inside these projectors include a Brightness Optimiser, which always makes sure the image is correct for the room's conditions. There's also Dynamic Tone Mapping and a Filmmaker Mode which improves the image quality and you'll find instant access to all the most popular streaming apps such as Disney+, Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and YouTube. The more premium of LG's new projectors, the LG HU715Q Ultra Short Throw projector, also includes built-in quad woofers and 2.2-channel stereo which LG is promising will heighten the sense of immersion plus there's surround sound when connected to one or two Bluetooth speakers. As the name suggests, this device can also be pushed close to the wall without it disrupting the viewing experience. This means you don't have to place it in the middle of the room for a movie night. If that's got you excited — the free Xbox Series S offer is only available until April 5, 2022. The LG HU715Q Ultra Short Throw projector costs £2,995 with the LG HU710P projector starting from £2,550. “More and more consumers appreciate being able to watch their favourite content in real cinematic scale, which is why the home projector segment is experiencing such strong growth,” said Seo Young-jae, senior vice president and head of the IT business unit of LG Business Solutions Company. “Specifically designed for movie lovers and the residential home market, LG CineBeam offers outstanding brightness, excellent picture and sound quality as well as a choice of the most popular streaming apps on webOS. Anyone thinking of creating or upgrading a home theatre system won’t be disappointed with a CineBeam projector from LG." If that all sounds a bit expensive then it's worth checking out the new Freestyle from Samsung which costs just £999. This portable projector can also beam a 100-inch image onto any surface and it also features an in-built speaker and full access to all the latest streaming apps such as Disney+ and Netflix.