Erik ten Hag is on the verge of becoming the next Manchester United manager, according to reports. And it's stated that club legends Rio Ferdinand and Robin van Persie are both keen to join the Dutchman in his coaching team should he be appointed. Ten Hag is currently in pole position to take the job for next season, despite the Red Devils also admiring the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. United are currently exploring their managerial options, with Ten Hag, Pochettino, Lopetegui and Enrique all liked behind the scenes at Old Trafford. And it’s the Ajax boss who is now the frontrunner to take over, having fared well during his time in Amsterdam by winning two league titles while playing an attacking style of football. Late on Tuesday, it emerged United had held talks with Ten Hag and formally interviewed the 52-year-old as they plan for a brighter future. And Stretty News claim the Dutchman is ‘on the verge’ of being confirmed as United's next manager after he spoke with the club at their London offices recently. While a total agreement is ‘yet to be reached’, the publication say sources close to them insist it will happen. It’s also stated that United want their assistant to be another ex-player with a record of winning trophies. They previously had Ryan Giggs working as a No 2 to Louis van Gaal prior to the dismissal of the current Netherlands coach back in 2016. United feel a former star is needed to unify a dressing room that has become increasingly fractured over the course of the current campaign. And two legends are in the frame. Ferdinand has apparently put himself forward, with the former England star winning six Premier League titles during his time with the club. However, club officials are said to be ‘unconvinced’ that the current BT Sport pundit would be suited to the role. Another candidate is said to be Van Persie. The retired striker moved to United back in the summer transfer window of 2012 from Arsenal, rejecting Manchester City’s advances in the process. He went on to become a hero at Old Trafford, firing them to title glory during Sir Alex Ferguson’s final season at the helm. Van Persie is said to be keen on taking on the role, with discussions ongoing as United look to get everything together in time for next term. Speaking earlier in the season, meanwhile, Ferdinand expressed a belief Ten Hag would be a good appointment for his old side. “Now I don’t know Ten Hag personally but he’s doing a fantastic job at Ajax. Let’s remember that Ajax isn’t a small club,” he said. “They’re a massive club, the biggest club in Holland. “Yes, it’s different and the landscape is different but it’s still a huge club that he’s got to work with and the expectation levels there every day are to win. That’s something that will be there every day and would be there if he was to come to Manchester United.”