The Duke of Sussex issued a statement in January regarding his application for judicial review after a Home Office decision previously ruled he would be unable to personally fund police protection for his family while in England. He claimed he is unable to return to the UK while he and his family are not covered by police protection. In the statement from Harry’s representatives, they said: “Prince Harry inherited a security risk at birth, for life. “He remains sixth in line to the throne, served two tours of combat duty in Afghanistan, and in recent years his family has been subjected to well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats. “While his role within the Institution has changed, his profile as a member of the royal family has not. Nor has the threat to him and his family.” When Harry and Meghan Markle left for the US in 2020, they began to “personally fund a private security team for their family”. However, the statement then said: “That security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. “In absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return home.” Royal biographer Tom Bower has now claimed the Duke is using worries over his security as “an excuse” to avoid returning to the UK. He added Harry knows that it's likely to be difficult to maintain friendly relations with the Royal Family following the release of the book. Harry's book, to be published by Random House, is likely to tackle the brothers' frosty relationship with the Duchess of Cornwall. Rights to the book cost £14.7million ($20million), and it is due to be published in the autumn. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: ‘Hard to face family’ Harry could MISS Jubilee Mr Bower told Closer magazine he thinks Harry will miss Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee in June. He said: “I think Harry won’t come back because he knows he cannot face his family, and be pleasant with them, knowing what he’s written about them in that book. “That book will have a lot of casualties and cause a lot of hurt. It will really deliver, as Harry knows it has to, to justify the money he’s been paid to do it. “How can Harry come back and pretend it’s all fine? The worst of what he will say is yet to come.” DON'T MISS Harry is believed to have “reached out to his father” to have “friendly video calls” ahead of the Queen's Jubilee and is likely to return for celebrations this summer. However, sources close to the matter told the MailOnline the royal no-holds barred book will lay bare his true feelings towards his step-mother Camilla and is likely to “shake the monarchy to its core”. The Royal Family was left deeply concerned by Harry's decision to secretly collaborate with Pulitzer-winning ghostwriter JR Moehringer on what his publishers described as “the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him”. The Queen, Prince Charles and Prince William are said to have been completely blindsided by Harry's shock announcement that he has been secretly working on his as yet untitled memoirs for more than a year now. Express.co.uk has contacted Archewell for comment