A stunning 46 percent of the people asked said that the UK will not exist as it is now by 2027, according to the poll carried out by Ipsos. Only 45 percent believe that the Union will still be in existence, with the rest of the respondents answering "don't know". When the timeframe is expanded to 10 years, the gap grows, with 61 percent of the people asked expecting the Union to be over by then. Only 25 percent of the people asked would expect the Union to still exist in its current form by 2032. Half of the Scottish people asked wanted to see Scotland vote for its independence from the UK. This is opposed to 43 percent of people polled, who would rather see Scotland staying in the UK. Nicola Sturgeon has stated that she will press for another referendum on Scottish independence to be held in 2023. When asked, over half of the people in England (55 percent) said that they would prefer Scotland to vote against leaving the UK and becoming an independent country. The percentage of people in England that would prefer Scotland to vote for independence was only 13 percent. Views were similar in Wales, where 53 percent would prefer Scotland to vote against and just 14% would prefer it to vote for independence. And 42 percent of people in Northern Ireland would prefer Scotland to vote to stay, but 29 percent would prefer it to vote for independence and leave the UK. Commenting on the results, Emily Gray, Managing Director of Ipsos Scotland, highlighted how 3 in 5 Scots expect the demise of the UK within 10 years. She also pointed at the contrast with views of people in England and Wales, who would still prefer Scotland to vote against its independence. The Scottish people are unambitious about the economic progress of the country, as highlighted in the same poll. A total of 73 percent believe that the UK’s economy will get worse within the next year. Figures are similar when it comes to Scotland’s economy in particular, with just 9 percent thinking that it will improve, and 68 percent that it will get worse. Across the UK, just 15 percent think the general economic condition of the UK will improve in the next 12 months, while 67 percent say it will get worse.