The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are currently undertaking an official overseas visit together for the first time since March 2020. Kate, 40, and William, 39, had been carrying out engagements in Belize as part of their Caribbean Royal Tour to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. On Tuesday, March 22, the royal couple began travelling to Jamaica to kick off the second leg of their tour after facing anti-monarchy protests throughout their visit. Good Morning Britain’s correspondent Noel Phillips appeared on the breakfast show to discuss the couple’s appearance at the second of the three Commonwealth realms they’re visiting. He explained how Jamaica “will begin the process of removing the Queen as Head of State” once the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leave. Local politicians plan to push ahead with turning the country into a republic by August. Mr Philips stated that normally the process for such a movement is a referendum. He said: “The vote is put to the people of the country to decide if they want to leave or not. “The Prime Minister, Andrew Holness, has a large majority so he doesn’t have to go to the people”. Although there has been no official confirmation, the removal of the monarch as head of state could be a “swift process” and could happen as early as August, which marks Jamaica’s 60th independence anniversary month. READ MORE: Prince William channels Queen with Belize speech on freedom In response, commentator Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu launched an incredible attack against the Firm. She claimed the Cambridges’ royal tour was an “utter failure” and branded it “tone-deaf”. Sharing a screenshot of GMB’s coverage, Dr Shola wrote: “Jamaica Govt will commence the removal of the Queen as Head of State once the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge leave. “#RoyalTourCaribbean is an utter failure. Times have changed and the tide has turned. This #PlatinumJubilee tour is tone deaf. “British Monarchy faces a reckoning.” DON'T MISS Kate and William learn how to kill a monkey in Belize [INSIGHT] Kate uses 'flirtatious preening gesture' on William - body language [ANALYSIS] Queen's dedication to Firm could end up harming Monarchy, expert says [REVEAL] The trip marks William and Kate's first official visit to the Caribbean together. The last senior royal to visit the Bahamas, Jamaica, and Belize was Prince Harry in 2012,  a visit that formed part of a Diamond Jubilee Tour. During their time in Belize, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited ancient Mayan ruins at an archaeological site. The royal couple also visited a cacao farm where they learned all about making Mayan chocolate. The trip takes place at a crucial time for the Royal Family as several nations within the Commonwealth have considered cutting ties with the British monarchy. In November, Her Majesty was formally removed as head of state in Barbados. In a ceremony attended by the heir to the throne Prince Charles, Dame Sandra Mason was sworn in as president. To signify the official change of power, a final salute was made to the British monarchy and the Royal Standard flag was lowered and replaced. Of the 32 countries she has acted as sovereign over during her tenure on the throne, 17 have now removed her from that position.