Manchester United suffered the ignominy of being thumped 4-1 by fierce rivals Manchester City on Sunday. And the Red Devils’ performance was described as “shameful” by former right-back Gary Neville. United have suffered a precipitous downturn in form since September as previous boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and current interim manager Ralf Rangnick have both failed to get the most out of their players. The 13-time Premier League champions now face a huge battle to secure a top-four finish. And Express Sport takes a look at four players who need dropping for Saturday’s clash with Tottenham. United struggled down their right side and looked vulnerable every time City launched an attack at the weekend. Aaron Wan-Bissaka has only just forced his way back into Rangnick’s plans after a lengthy spell out of the side. But he was helpless at times as the Citizens attack caused him all sorts of problems. And Rangnick could opt to thrust Diogo Dalot back into his team. MUST READ: Everton boss Frank Lampard may bin four players after Tottenham ramp up relegation danger  Harry Maguire has come under fire for his poor form this season and sat out his side’s stalemate with Watford at the end of last month. The Red Devils have been tipped to sign a world-class centre-back this summer and the former Leicester ace’s days at Old Trafford could be numbered. Maguire has failed to provide United with the presence they need at the heart of their backline this campaign. And former Real Madrid defender Raphael Varane could take the England international’s place after missing the City game due to contracting COVID-19. DON'T MISSJohn Terry mocks Frank Lampard's Everton with brutal comment on Tottenham display Manchester United warned of shameful Ralf Rangnick repeat if they hire Erik ten HagBarcelona draw up three-man priority shortlist that would complete ridiculous XI     Paul Pogba wasn’t dreadful against Pep Guardiola’s side but United need to play a more attacking game in front of their own fans against Spurs. That means Pogba could be an unnecessary presence in the middle of the pitch. Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga impressed at times against the Citizens. And if Cristiano Ronaldo came in for Pogba and led the line, the Red Devils might offer more of a threat going forward. Alex Telles has been sharing left-back duties with Luke Shaw since Rangnick took the helm.   And the Brazil international was given the nod for the clash with City after Shaw was ruled out with COVID-19. But he struggled to cope with City’s relentless attacking play as United shipped goal after goal. According to ESPN, Rangnick thinks Shaw is one of only two United players who are consistently able to overcome adversity. So the England defender could be reinstated for the visit of Spurs. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 