Ulrika Jonsson has branded former Strictly Come Dancing star Kristina Rihanoff "incapable of reading a room" following her "insensitive" tweet about the war in Ukraine last week. The Swedish TV personality, 54, didn't hold back as she slammed the former dance pro for saying that she didn't "give a s**t about the war" in a now-deleted tweet. Taking to her column in The Sun, Ulrika addressed Kristina's comments, taking aim at her apology following the backlash her tweet ensued. Revealing that the crisis in Ukraine has deeply affected her, the mother-of-four told how shocked she was to hear Kristina exclaiming she didn't "give a s**t about war". Ulrika wrote: "Apparently she cares more about her failing yoga business, which was forced to shut during the lockdowns. "She swiftly showered social media with apologies if she had upset anyone. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton forced to move again after split "Shame on her," she added. Ulrika went on: "How are some people so painfully incapable of reading the room?" The star went on to sarcastically address Kristina's apology, which saw her question the sincerity of the statement. She added: "And the moment an apology includes the word 'if', you know the antagonist meant every word they said." Former Strictly star Kristina sparked outrage last week over an "insensitive" tweet about Russia's ongoing attack on Ukraine. According to the MailOnline, the professional dancer told her 148,000 followers in a now-deleted tweet: “I do want to focus on what sort of punishment Boris Johnson will have for destroying my family run business and 1000 of others. “Many of my friends LOST businesses because of government lockdowns. "Don't give a s**t about the war but I do about the debt because of NO TRADING for 2yrs.” (sic) DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan says Shane Warne was 'one of first' to call amid GMB row [INSIGHT]‘You will really struggle’ Rob Rinder's insight into Piers Morgan [ANALYSIS]Oti Mabuse shares an emotional farewell to co-star after Strictly exit [UPDATE] After deleting the tweet, the dancer issued a lengthy apology claiming that it wasn't her intention to offend anyone. Kristina wrote: "I made fun of Eurovision tweet by Sky. I did think there was far more important information on that day that Eurovision. This is in any form says I was supporting what's happening at the moment between Russia & Ukraine. (sic) "It's absolutely devastating for someone like me who's grandad from Ukraine and I gave Ukrainian name to my daughter Milena. My best friend is also from Ukraine. I grew up with knowledge that we were one nation and one country. (sic) "I'm not into politics and hate politicians because THEY ALL LIE," she added. Kristina claimed that the news of the war was "breaking her heart" as she has Russian friends who live in Ukraine, before adding that the war should never have happened. She went on to condemn the "country leaders" for failing to stop the war before it started, claiming that it's a "profitable business". She continued: "I'm not supporting Putin, war, invasion, lost lives and politics. I hate it as much as a human being possibly can. If I offended anyone it wasn't my intention and I'm deeply sorry. While I was born in Russia I left it 22yrs ago and an American citizen. (sic) "So you can hate me if this will give you comfort but If I didn't say something you wanted me to say it's bcs sadly I'm powerless doing anything to help anyone in both countries and I don't believe in useless posts which can't help to safe lives. (sic) She ended her statement by saying that the "whole word" is "burning in hate".