Hollywood star Jamie Lee Curtis has taken to Twitter to break her silence on Will Smith's infamous slap at the Oscars at the weekend. The Halloween star, 63, agreed with a story from Kareem Abdul-Jabbar which said Kind Richard actor Will "did a bad, bad thing". In view of her 654,200 followers, the star shared her thoughts on the infamous slap. Jamie simply wrote: "WHAT HE SAID!", as well as reposting an article titled, Will Smith Did a Bad, Bad Thing by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. In the article, Abdul-Jabbar wrote: "With a single petulant blow, [Will] advocated violence, diminished women, insulted the entertainment industry, and perpetuated stereotypes about the Black community." He continued: "This patronizing, paternal attitude infantilizes women and reduces them to helpless damsels needing a Big Strong Man to defend their honor lest they swoon from the vapors." READ MORE: Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith The writer added: "Worse than the slap was Smith’s tearful, self-serving acceptance speech in which he rambled on about all the women in the movie King Richard that he’s protected." Following her post, Jamie was soon inundated with comments from her fans wanting to share their thoughts on the incident. Agreeing with the star, Twitter user @CrowbarCrutch wrote: "His behavior was unacceptable. "Someone please tell me when someone has struck someone else at an Oscars or Golden Globes....ever? "There's been WAY harsher, demeaning jokes made towards others, and never has this happened," they added. However, @Caitlin82150979 chipped in, asking: "Can’t we allow Will to have a human moment? "Was it right? No, we don’t condone violence. when it’s perceived by you that your family is being hurt, emotions erupt. Humans aren’t robots. "We all can want to react a certain way, but until you’re in the sit, you shouldn’t judge," they ended their post. DON'T MISS...Bruce Willis' stunt double spotted change in star amid brain condition [INSIGHT]Ronnie Wood's ex Jo shares last contact she had with Charlie Watts [ANALYSIS]Tom Parker's final tribute post to The Wanted before his death [UPDATE] Jamie's post comes after Aladdin actor Will slapped Chris during the Oscars ceremony, after the comedian compared Jada to GI Jane - a Demi Moore character with a shaved head. A day after the incident, Will took to Instagram to express “regret” over his actions at the awards ceremony and also explain why the joke was “too much for [him] to bear”. In view of his 61.9 million followers he "publicly apologised" to Chris, adding that he "was out of line and I was wrong." Following the incident, Will went on to win the Oscar for best actor in King Richard while comedian Chris is reportedly not pressing charges against the star. Yesterday, Chris broke his silence on the slap during a live comedy show in Boston. He told the audience his comedy show wouldn't be focused on the Oscars incident, which he said he is still “processing”. Chris said: “I don't have a bunch of s**t to say about [the incident], so if you came here for that ... I had written a whole show before this weekend.”