If you've been thinking about adding a Fire TV, Amazon Echo, Kindle e-reader to your shopping basket – stop what you're doing! There's a hidden trick that instantly drops the price of whatever Amazon-designed gadget you're looking at. Even if the Fire TV, Amazon Echo, or Kindle is already on sale, you'll be able to slash the price by a further £10 at checkout. Interested? The secret discount is courtesy of money-saving website TopCashback, which currently has a £10 bonus for all new members. This price crash works on any Fire TV, Echo, Kindle or Kindle Fire gadget from Amazon that costs £10 or more. And all you need to do is setup an account with TopCashBack at the link below. TopCashback lists the retailers that its new member bonus works with – ASOS, Boots, Dunelm, M&S, ScrewFix, and Wilko – on the sign-up page. While there's no mention of Amazon, Express.co.uk has confirmed with the team at TopCashback that its £10 discount will work with any of Amazon's own gadgets, including the Fire TV, Amazon Echo, Echo Show, Kindle, and Kindle Fire series. It won't work with anything else from Amazon, so you won't be able to get a discount on products from other departments. However, TopCashback's £10 bonus can be used in conjunction with the 2.5 percent cashback rates the money-saving site always offers on Amazon first-party products right now - which will give you an additional saving. According to the company, Amazon shoppers earn on average £300 in cashback when buying via TopCashback. For those who don't know, TopCashback partners with thousands of retailers to offer its users exclusive cashback rewards. Each online retailer has a different cashback reward, with some offering a greater return than others. TopCashback earns money by referring shoppers to these retailers, which it says that it passes onto its users in the form of "cashback" on all purchases. That's how the website is able to pay you for buying the same items that you were going to purchase by heading to Amazon directly. Members just need to launch TopCashback, head to the Amazon UK hub page and click on the "get cashback" button next to the product you're looking to buy – and you'll be sent to Amazon as usual, where you're able to complete your purchase. Amazon will process and dispatch the order as usual, and then, as soon as TopCashback has been paid for referring to the online retailer, you'll be notified that it's sent the money back to you. Simples. Any cashback you've earned can then be withdrawn from the TopCashback either by transferring it to your PayPal account, via a BACS transfer or by topping up a wide range of gift cards for leading stores. And that's it – you're literally being paid to do the same shopping you were planning to do anyway. And you get an extra £10 off your next purchase! Amazon's hugely-popular Fire TV range, which plugs into the HDMI port on your telly and unlocks access to the biggest streaming services and games, starts from £29.99, which drops to a ludicrously low £19.99 with the TopCashback new member bonus. This model – the Fire TV Lite – ships with a remote control with access to voice assistant Alexa, so you can search for your favourite shows, directors, and apps without typing using the on-screen keyboard. If you have other Amazon smart home devices at home, you'll be able to use Alexa in your Fire TV to control smart lightbulbs, adjust a smart thermostat, play music on speakers around the house, order takeaways, and get the latest headlines. If you're interested in an Amazon Echo, the most affordable model is the Echo Dot, with the third-generation model costing £39.99 (£29.99 with the discount) and the fourth-generation setting you back £49.99. This diddy speaker offers access to smart assistant Alexa, which is able to play radio stations, podcasts, tracks and playlists from Amazon Music, Spotify, and Apple Music. If you own multiple Echo smart speakers, these can be paired together for stereo audio in the same room, or play different tracks in every room of the house. The £10 bonus for new TopCashback members ends at midnight on June 30, 2022.