Following a plant-diet diet has many other benefits, including healthier skin, lessening arthritis symptoms and preventing diabetes. Plant-based and gluten-free ambient food brand Simply Green Foods explained why following a vegetarian or vegan diet massively helps achieve healthy body weight and speeds up the weight loss process. They said: "Plant-based foods are often lower in calories than animal-based foods, making it easier to be in a calorie deficit. "Also, most plant-based foods contain significantly less saturated fat, which promotes a healthier diet." Plant-based nutrition expert Julieanna Hever added: “Eating vegan used to be about eating a whole-food, plant-based diet with only vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, nuts, seeds, herbs, and spices. READ MORE: Nutritionist shares diet plan that’s ‘really good for weight loss’  “Now, vegan food is everywhere and it's accessible. "For the first time in 14 years, I'm having clients come to me with the same health issues as clients who don’t follow a vegan diet, like weight issues and high cholesterol. "I never saw that before, ever.” She added: “If you’re concerned about your weight, eat more whole plant foods that are nutrient-dense and calorically light to fill up while steering clear of the processed [and packaged plant-based] foods.”  However, plant-based diets have also many other health benefits: They’re full of nutrients The team at Simply Green Foods said: "You can so easily get all the nutrients your body needs from a healthy, balanced vegan diet that is rich in whole foods. "Foods such as fruits, vegetables, pulses, grains, nuts and seeds are essential to have in your diet to get the right nutrients and those on a plant-based diet are more likely to get just what they need." Prevent diabetes The team explained: "Research has shown that those who have a plant-based diet tend to have lower blood sugar levels than those who aren’t vegan, and it may reduce their risk of developing type 2 diabetes. "Consuming plenty of health plant-based foods can also help mitigate the risk factors associated with diabetes, such as obesity. " Reduce arthritis pain "Some studies have shown that having a diet that is high in healthy plant-based foods can help reduce the symptoms of arthritis, since consuming animal-based products, or products heavy in sugar, can cause pain and inflammation," they said. Give your skin a boost Experts at Simply Green Foods explained: "When it comes to skin issues, one of the worst culprits is dairy - multiple studies have shown that dairy consumption makes acne worse in both men and women. "Aside from ditching dairy, those with a plant-based diet typically eat more fruit and veg, which means they get more of the antioxidants and vitamins that are good for your skin."