A small group of protesters waving Ukraine flags with the words “No War” written on them got in the way of the £430 million superyacht as it attempted to dock in the Turkish port. The Solaris had been docked on the Montenegrin port of Tivat, however, Montenegro has now joined the EU in imposing sanctions on many Russian oligarchs, including Mr Abramovich. The Russian billionaire and Chelsea FC owner has had a series of sanctions imposed against him due to his connections with the Putin regime. The Kyiv Independent reported the news on Twitter: “A group of Ukrainians on a small boat tries to block Solaris, a yacht belonging to Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich, from docking in Bodrum, Turkey, on March 21.” Turkey has so far not imposed any sanctions on Russia, however, it is not allowing Russian warships to enter the Turkish Straits. Turkey has connections with both Russia and Ukraine due to its positioning near the Black Sea and it has tried to act as a mediator between the two countries.  The Turkish government has condemned the war in Ukraine but has so far not imposed any sanctions against Moscow or closed its airspace to Russian planes. According to the Daily Mail, it is not known if Mr Abramovich was on board the yacht and it has not been confirmed that it was moved to avoid sanctions. Many Russian oligarchs have had their luxury yachts seized in recent weeks, including Russia’s reported richest man Alexei Mordashov.  READ MORE: Ex-NATO military chief warns Russians will turn on Putin over Ukraine His yacht the Lady M, worth around €65 million, was impounded by the Italian government earlier this month. Mr Abramovich owns billions of pounds worth of cars, planes, properties and other assets, including a £150 million mansion in Kensington and a Boeing jet worth £264 million. The 55-year-old has put Chelsea FC up for sale and has had many of his assets frozen after the Russian invasion of Ukraine last month.  DON'T MISS:Putin warned military 'f*** up' will leave Russia defenceless [INSIGHT]Kremlin officials circle Putin as coup reports build [REVEAL]Ukraine LIVE: Lukashenko eyes 'imminent' Russian nuclear deployment [LIVE UPDATES] He has so far been sanctioned by the UK, EU and Canada but not yet the US. However members of the US Congress have called for American measures against him to be stepped up. They wrote: “We request that Abramovich be sanctioned as a matter of urgency. “His blood money helps fuel Putin’s unprovoked and illegal war against Ukraine.” 