Chris Cleave, 54, was targeted in an ambush by two men when driving through the popular tourist destination. The men shot at the driver's side window, killing Mr Cleave with a shot to the head.   His teenage daughter, Chloe, was not shot by the gunmen, but was taken to hospital. The 14-year-old is being treated for shock and minor injuries sustained in the attack. She is not thought to have sustained any life-threatening injuries. Police quickly caught up with the gunmen, who fled the scene on a motorcycle.  Mr Cleave was originally from Truro, Cornwall, but had lived in Mexico for over ten years. According to police, Mr Cleave became a permanent resident in 2013 and worked as an estate agent and property manager. A police source said: "This was not a random shooting but a targeted attack. "He was chosen to be murdered." The area around Cancun is known to be a hotspot of drug-related and cartel violence. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: One US journalist shot dead and another injured There is so far no indication that Mr Cleave was involved in illegal activity. Police have said that the father and daughter were travelling through Playa del Carmen on the main highway when the motorbike approached their red Audi. The shooting took place around 9.30am on Saturday morning. Police believe Mr Cleave and his daughter were being tailed from the moment they left home. The two killers took advantage of stationary traffic to open fire on the car. DON'T MISS Keir Starmer on the spot as Ridge dismantled Labour windfall tax plans [VIDEO]Britons paid £350 a month for providing a room to Ukrainian refugees [INSIGHT] Millionaire using Bentleys in 'Britain's best man cave' legal battle [REPORT] The killers fled the scene but were chased along the main federal highway by police and arrested. Friends of Mr Cleave took to social media to share heartfelt messages and to express their grief. On his Facebook page, Sue Steggles wrote: "So very sad to have lost you Chris Cleave you were one of the good guys and taken far too young. "I will look back on our Saturday nights with fondness, you were a big part of our life for such a long time. My heart goes out to Chloe and Yvonne — feeling sick." Posting photos of a fishing trip they shared, John Archer wrote: "RIP this is the saddest news I have ever heard in my life. "You will always be remembered as an amazing person with many friends that admired and loved you." Just four days before Mr Cleave was murdered, he had posted photos on his Facebook page celebrating his daughter's 14th birthday. 