A number of Mercedes customer teams have expressed their concerns over the engines used by the likes of Lewis Hamilton, George Russell and Lando Norris in the wake of Sunday's season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix. Mercedes have endured a turbulent start to the new campaign after struggling to live up to expectations in pre-season testing but managed to sneak onto the podium after both Red Bull drivers were forced to retire during the final few laps at the Bahrain International Circuit. Hamilton secured an unlikely top-three finish on the very last lap when Sergio Perez was hit by the same mechanical problem that prematurely ended Max Verstappen's race just minutes earlier. The seven-time champion was followed across the line by Russell, who registered his career-best finish in F1 by coming home in fourth place on his debut as a full-time Mercedes driver.However, the final result in Bahrain flattered the German team, who found themselves over 30 seconds adrift of race leader and eventual winner Charles Leclerc before a late safety car handed them a route back into the contest. The majority of the other Mercedes-powered cars on the grid also struggled for pace, with the bottom six finishers all using engines supplied by the eight-time Constructors' Championship winners.It seems as though the power units made by Ferrari and Red Bull are quicker than those produced by Mercedes at present, leaving the Silver Arrows with plenty of work to do to claw back their performance deficit over the coming weeks and months. A handful of their customer teams have already relayed their concerns about where their engines rank in comparison to their rivals, with Aston Martin team principal Mike Krack having admitted that Ferrari's package looks to be superior at this early stage. JUST IN: Hamilton's funny champagne chat with Leclerc after Bahrain GP "This is an observation that we had already quite early," Krack told reporters when quizzed on whether Ferrari's power unit appears to be a step ahead of its Mercedes equivalent. "But, on the other hand, we see the Mercedes factory team finishing third and fourth, so still, you can do the job."I think, for us, the first thing is to build a quicker car before we go too much into [that]. Before we go too much into the subject, I think we should sort out our problems. I think the opposition has made maybe a bigger step, and that's something we need to catch up on." Nico Hulkenberg, who stepped in for Sebastian Vettel at Aston Martin after the four-time champion tested positive for COVID-19 ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix, was also critical of the Mercedes engine and its lack of power in the aftermath of the race. "[It seemed] sort of off today, even with DRS sometimes I [just wasn't] catching people and we seemed to be a little bit down on speeds on the straights," he said.It remains to be seen whether Mercedes will be able to make any improvements to their power unit ahead of this weekend's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on the streets of Jeddah. The Silver Arrows remain some way off the pace in spite of their efforts and will need to keep working hard behind the scenes to stand any chance of clinching a ninth successive Constructors' Championship triumph over the coming months. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE