Many people are keen to see some level of reform when it comes to pensions, especially tax relief. Complex rules have disincentivised pension savers in the past, and a simpler approach is wanted by savers and experts alike. It was hoped the matter of pensions would be addressed in Mr Sunak’s mini-Budget yesterday, but to no avail. However, this is not the end of the matter, with some experts calling for a reconsideration of the issue. Further attention has been drawn to pensions, alongside reliefs and allowances. Saq Hussain, founder of People-tech and Pension Playpen All Star, described the Chancellor’s Spring Statement as a “missed opportunity”. READ MORE: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 support after Sunak’s statement He told Express.co.uk: “The Spring Statement brought some welcome relief to households who are going to see significant financial challenges in 2022 and beyond. “However, there was potentially a missed opportunity to look at simplifying the pensions tax system and thereby boosting the pension pots of millions of basic rate taxpayers. “There could have been an opportunity to equalise pensions tax relief for all, irrespective of their tax bracket. “The changes could have been made cost neutral and that would have meant an immediate boost in pension savings for all basic rate tax payers, as their tax relief could have risen from 20 percent, to say, 25 percent. DON'T MISSSunak slammed for ‘shocking’ lack of support for pensioners [LATEST]Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [UPDATE]220,000 WASPI women die before answer on compensation [ANALYSIS] “This would have the effect of adding an additional five percent to contributions being made by an individual, which over the longer term could have a significant impact on people's retirement pots.” However, Mr Hussain highlighted pension tax relief reform may still be “on the agenda” for the Government going forward. In background documentation for the Spring Statement, the Government stated it would consider reform of tax relief for a “fair” and “simple” system. At present, there are currently over 1,000 tax reliefs and allowances in existence, but the Government will confirm its plans on the matter by 2024. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: “Buried deep within the Spring Statement documents there was a startling sentence in which the term tax-relief was used alongside the words “fair” and “simple”. “The pensions tax relief system can’t be called either of these things with the complex web of rules likely to trip up even the savviest of people. “While some people have an annual allowance of £40,000, for others it can be as low as £4,000 per year. “Reform of the system is long overdue and would be welcomed by the industry and savers alike. “Hargreaves Lansdown has recently called on government to reform the Money Purchase Annual Allowance to help those who needed to access their pensions during the pandemic to be able to rebuild their pension when times get better.” The Money Purchase Annual Allowance (MPAA) has come under increased scrutiny recently, as statistics showed 300,000 more people were subject to the complex rule in 2021. If a person starts to take money from their pension, the amount that can be contributed while still getting tax relief may reduce under this rule. For the majority of people, the total limit is £40,000, but if the MPAA is triggered, this will reduce to £4,000 per year. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The MPAA can be triggered if a person takes their entire pension pot as a lump sum, or start to take lump sums from their pension pot. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, warned the rules are “onerous”, also calling for more action on the matter. He added: “Early access to pensions is now the norm and those who don’t intend to retire but take even one flexible payment, perhaps to tide them through a sticky patch for their finances, are then forever subject to the MPAA which could prevent them from catching up on their retirement savings later. “It remains a concern to government and regulators that so many fail to take up their entitlement to free, independent and impartial pensions guidance from government-backed Pension Wise. “Implementing meaningful ways to increase guidance use, such as by automatically booking sessions for those accessing pensions for the first time, would go a long way towards helping people understand how not to fall foul of complexities like the MPAA.” HM Treasury stated: "The Government will continue to consider reform to tax reliefs and allowances, to better support a fair, efficient, simple, and sustainable tax system, and confirm plans ahead of 2024."