UEFA have denied claims that Chelsea will travel to the Santiago Bernabeu to face Real Madrid before welcoming the La Liga table-toppers back to Stamford Bridge in the next round of the Champions League. The Blues will play their quarter-final home leg with the record 13-time winners first despite claims the tie would be reversed due to a clash of fixtures with Manchester City's last-eight opponents Atletico Madrid. Amendments to the Champions League's fixture list were expected to be made but per Goal, Chelsea will play Real Madrid at Stamford Bridge first, UEFA are said to have confirmed. However, Chelsea appear set to do so in front of no fans. The Athletic revealed on Wednesday that the Blues face playing their remaining Champions League home match behind closed doors as a result of EU sanctions imposed on the club's Russian owner Roman Abramovich. The two European giants have only met once before, at the semi-final stage of last season's competition. Tuchel's side prevailed 3-1 on aggregate on that occasion before overcoming Premier League rivals City to be crowned European champions in Porto. READ MORE: Gary Neville sends message to UK Government over Chelsea 'going bust' Chelsea travelled to Spain for the first leg, however, last year saw them play at Real's training ground due to ongoing renovation work at the Bernabeu. Back then, Christian Pulisic opened the scoring in 1-1 draw in the Spanish capital, with Karim Benzema cancelling out the American's early strike. In the return leg at Stamford Bridge, the Blues then claimed a 2-0 triumph to seal a spot in the final with Timo Werner and Mason Mount on the scoresheet. Tuchel's side will no doubt be disappointed the fixture reversal is not true as they look to replicate that success this season. DON'T MISS...Cristiano Ronaldo 'makes final decision on Man Utd future'Arsenal icon Ian Wright's message for Mikel Arteta's squadMan Utd 'may not win title for 20 years' as next manager told to axe 5  Should Chelsea progress to the semi-final stage, they will play the winner of the other aforementioned tie - either City or Atletico. Elsewhere, Liverpool were drawn against Portuguese side Benfica while Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich face Villarreal - the third Spanish side remaining in the competition. The Champions League quarter-final first legs will take place on Tuesday 5 April and Wednesday 6 April, with the return meetings taking place the following week, on Tuesday 12 April and Wednesday 13 April. This year's final will be staged at the Stade de France in Paris after UEFA decided to remove Saint Petersburg's Krestovsky Stadium as the host venue due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine.