James Haskell, a close friend of Zara and Mike Tindall, opened up about his relationship with eight-year-old Mia, the pair's eldest daughter. James said: "I get on really well with Mia – I kind of want our daughter to be like her." Speaking with OK! magazine a few weeks after it was revealed he and his wife Chloe Madeley are expecting a baby, the former rugby player added: "Cheeky, a bit of a tomboy and girly when she needs to be." Praising Zara and Mike's parenting skills, James also said: "I’ll take any advice from them." Mike and James have been longtime friends, having played together in the England rugby team. The pair are currently co-hosting podcast 'The Good, The Bad & The Rugby' alongside Alex Payne. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here James and Mike aren't the two only fans of rugby in their families. Earlier this month, Zara's husband opened up on Mia's approach to the sport after she joined a local team. During an episode of his podcast, he said: "It's always hard to get Mia to go, she's like 'I don't like it' and then you get there, and she's off." Speaking about his daughter's prowess, the proud dad-of-three added: "Mia scored a couple... READ MORE: Prince Edward branded 'pompous and arrogant' after rare interview "It was an eight-all thriller in the first game and then a nine-all thriller in the second." Mike also spoke about how the game of his daughter and the rest of the team has evolved within just a few months. He said: "It's funny how much she's changed over the last, sort of, this year, since they've been back, figuring out how to avoid people because before they'd just all be really bunched in. "Now they're getting more, where they run across but then they're all stepping back, and people are just falling around." This wasn't the first time Mike mentioned Mia's involvement in sports. During an episode of his podcast aired in September 2020, he told Alex and James: "She enjoyed it actually and she's going to do football for the first time this weekend as well. "She's a chip off the old block. She just likes to truck it up, but we'll work on that." While Mia hasn't been spotted playing rugby yet, she was photographed kicking around a football in January, as she joined her doting dad for the Battle of the Balls Legends Charity match. After looking on as Mike led the Rugby for Heroes team, Mia enjoyed a few moments on the pitch herself at the end of the match. Mia is one of the Queen's 12 great-grandchildren. Mike and Zara, Princess Anne's only daughter, have two more children - Lena, born in 2018, and Lucas, who is marking his first birthday on March 21. In a clear break with royal protocol, the former rugby player announced the birth of his son on his podcast four days after Lucas's arrival. After recalling a weekend packed with sporting events, Mike said last year: "Sunday got even better because a little baby boy arrived at my house." Mike added the boy arrived "very quickly" - so much in fact the Tindalls didn't have the chance to get to the hospital. He said: "On the bathroom floor. So yeah, it was running to the gym, get a mat, get into the bathroom, get the mat on the floor, towels down, brace, brace, brace."