Rob Rinder passionately grilled the Secretary of State for Defence on Good Morning Britain on Wednesday. During their debate, MP Ben Wallace swatted away a comment which put the host on a pedestal and slammed claims the government did not care about those fleeing conflict in Ukraine. The altercation came as Rinder and Susanna Reid wanted to know more about the Home Office's visa application for refugees of war heading to the UK from Ukraine. Many countries have lifted their travel restrictions for those fleeing Ukraine, while the UK still has firm protocols in place. The government has insisted people cannot travel directly to the UK from Ukraine without paperwork and should apply for a travel visa in a neighbouring safe country. While speaking on the matter, Rinder asked: "My intuition and I may be wrong as a man of humanity you can't possibly agree with the Home Security here? Read More: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty?  "People don't have documents fleeing war zones. "This is not a security concern, a serious one, and my intuition tells me, and I suspect I am right, you don't think so either?" Home Secretary Priti Patel has said the visa application is under review, but the checks are needed for security purposes. Wallace replied: "We are all people of humanity, nearly all of us I think, so let's not divide it that way.  "I think the reality is we have to balance different responsibilities. "I'm responsible for the defence and security of the United Kingdom and her citizens and her allies, and we do everything we can to do that." Referencing the constant reviews of the policy, Wallace continued: "I think the point as Susanna has made, we are reviewing this on a rapid speed. "Those people will be able to be in a safe haven across the border, and I have insisted that we make sure we process them close to where they are. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale cancelled: ITV soap taken off air in TV schedule shake-up [LATEST]Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she refuses to watch[LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over staggering valuation of FA Cup medals [LATEST]  "We are not requiring them to trek across miles of any country. "To make sure we just establish their identity, I don't think that is an unreasonable thing to do and then to bring them here or allow them to come to the United Kingdom." Patel has faced criticism in the Commons over the last few days for the lack of clarity over the rules and regulations. She recently announced 100,000 additional Ukrainian refugees would be able to come to the UK under government plans.   Speaking in the House of Commons, she said the government will be “stepping up” efforts and will create a "unique and tailored" plan which will cater "directly to the needs and asks of the Ukrainian government". She added: "Security and biometric checks are a fundamental part of our visa approval process worldwide". Movement to and from the country is a massive obstacle at the moment, with the British Army fearing that if they arrive, it could trigger a hostile Russian reaction. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 