She only knew whether it was day or night by listening out for the sparrows. The heat in her cramped cell was stifling and she suffered frequent panic attacks, nausea and many days cried until she fainted. But when she boarded that plane out of Tehran this week she looked utterly beautiful and serene. Dressed in a bright yellow dress she looked like sunshine. Whatever hell she's endured these past six years seemed to have been replaced by a happiness that literally lit her from within. And how we all cried when her seven-year-old daughter, Gabriella, ran into her arms at RAF Brize Norton. "Is that Mummy," she cried, because it had been three years since she last saw her. That first night back, Nazanin, her hero husband Richard and Gabriella all huddled together in the same bed not wanting to be separated for a second. But anyone who imagines this week as the start of the Ratcliffes' happy ending would be wrong.  These three people have an Everest of a mountain to climb before they can go back to anything that resembles normality. Richard and Nazanin have been apart for six years. The happy life they had was blown apart by the Iranians' trumped up "spy" nonsense and the torment each has suffered is immense. Richard has spent the last six lonely years tirelessly campaigning to free his wife and having to cope with the highs and the crashing lows of all the times he got so near - only to have his hopes dashed at the last minute by Iranian officials who seemed to delight in playing games with their lives. His life has been a never ending round of media interviews - all to keep his wife's name in the public eye for fear she would be forgotten.  He's been on hunger strike twice and spent years chivvying, shouting at and literally begging the Government for help - never knowing whether he would ever see his wife again and terrified his baby girl would grow up without her mum. Seven thousand miles away, Nazanin was living a very different nightmare consumed with terror - not just that she might never see her family again, but never knowing what her Iranian captors might do to her. She was caged in a hell-hole cell just waiting to be tortured or killed and she can't yet know what impact that will have as she tries to pick up a life she thought had gone forever. Richard and Nazanin must rebuild the world, the life they once shared. And it won't be easy. They must try to reconnect as lovers, friends and parents. And they know there's no guarantee they can, no matter how much they might both want to. They're changed people. Life has damaged them both in ways the rest of us can't begin to imagine. But for now it's enough that they can hold each other, breathe the same air and talk about a future they were never sure they were going to have. They will face problems but Gabriella has her mum and dad back in the same house. Richard said this week: "Learning to be happy again is the task now." It is - and we all wish them God speed. If ever there was a story we wanted to have a fairy tale ending it's this one! ---------------- It's time the fat cat bosses at P&O found out what we think of their 'Family' values THE ruthlessness with which 800 people were sacked in a three minute Zoom call by P&O bosses was a kind of cruelty not seen before in this country. This is the company that took £10millon of government furlough money to pay staff it's now sacking and whose latest ad says: "It's not just a job… it's family."Yeah? If that's how the fat cat bosses of P&O treat their families, God help them. But this isn't just about 800 jobs lost in THE most callous way. It's about the lives of 800 families wrecked at a stroke. Unless it's happened to you, no one can understand the terror of being made redundant. How the bottom literally drops out of your world. How there isn't a waking moment when you aren't scared of how you're going to keep your home, feed your family.You don't sleep. The life you knew is gone in an instant - and it's petrifying! And this is happening to these poor people in the midst of a savage cost of living crisis where even with a salary many could barely afford to make ends meet. Ports and logistics firm DPWORLD, which owns P&O, made £686million profit last year so how can it plead poverty? God knows what the Government can do here but the rest of us can make clear how we feel about P&O Ferries. Subject them to the kind of financial hardship they've just inflicted on their workers! ---------------- Denise van Outen DENISE van Outen says in her new book that she's being totally open and honest about her racy past to set a good example to her 11-year-old daughter. It's a "past" where she partied, flashed Prince Charles, slept with Sophie Dahl, but most shockingly, at 15, had sex with a 23-year-old man who videoed her without her knowledge. It ended up in court where Denise was granted anonymity. Only now she's blown that anonymity and is not only talking about it, she's being described as "brave" for doing it. Sorry, but what's brave about it? I don't doubt the sex tape must have been traumatic. But if Denise is being entirely open and honest, might it not be that the more raunchy and salacious the stuff she puts in her book, the more money she gets for it? I'm at a loss to understand quite what her daughter is going to gain from knowing what happened to her at 15 - an incident Denise couldn't have prevented because she didn't know it was happening? ------------ Cat-kicker Zouma must be shamed KURT Zouma, the idiot who drop-kicked his cat and slapped it round the face has finally been charged with animal cruelty along with his half-wit brother Yoan who filmed it. I spoke to the RSPCA last week to ask why, when his brutality was on film, the "investigation" was taking so long and why the West Ham player hadn't yet been charged. I got a lot of waffle about "processes". But now they've done it - and good on them. There has to be consequences for cruelty - even if you're a rich, arrogant footballer. Of course, a fine won't bother Zouma and he obviously won't go to jail. But he needs the embarrassment of a very public court hearing to remind him - and others - that animal cruelty just isn't acceptable.  ------------ When are the courts going WHEN are the courts going to stop giving Katie Price a free pass? She got a suspended sentence for drink-driving when the court told her she could have killed someone. And after harassing her ex Kieran Hayler's fiancée, Michelle Penticost, a restraining order was slapped on her which forbade her from contacting her directly or indirectly for five years. She's now breached that order by sending Michelle THE most vile text with language I can't repeat here. Price keeps sticking two fingers at a legal system which refuses to jail her whatever she does. It's time it did - because she's going to hurt someone!   ------------ Sienna Miller fell asleep on Salma Hayek's bosom SIENNA Miller fell asleep at a Baftas after party this week resting her head on Salma Hayek's ample bosom. In the past, the two friends have spoken of how they suffered while working with disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. Sienna's suffering was that Weinstein reduced tears early in her film career when he told her to stop socialising. She says: "He called me into his office, sat me down and said, 'You're not partying anymore.'" Bearing in mind Miller herself has said hard partying damaged her career, what Weinstein said seems like good advice not abuse.  ------------- Bafta's worst host I WAS trying to work out why Rebel Wilson was the worst ever Bafta host. Forget all the terrible woke jokes. I realised - everything she ever did was only funny because of how fat she was. All the jokes, how she was with men, the outrageousness, only worked because of her size. Her whole comedy routine was based on being a fat girl. Now she's a skinny girl - and she's just not funny. ------------ No school because of petrol prices surge... what about the bus - or walk? SOME kids are being kept away from school because their parents say they can't afford the soaring cost of petrol and so can't drive them. Have they never heard of buses? Or here's something novel - they could always walk!