Kirsty secured the backing of Dragons Peter Jones and Duncan Bannatyne for her free-from brand Worthenshaw. They both gave her half the money for a 15 percent stake. She got £65,000 for total of 30 percent equity which she was happy to accept. Kirsty's business Worthenshaw produced dairy-free, sugar-free frozen dessert alternative to ice cream. She rebranded the business as Kirsty’s in 2012 and produced the first range of free-from chilled ready meals launched in supermarkets. In 2020, her business was worth £11million but during 2021, the business saw a turnover increase of 11.5 percent. READ MORE: DWP says PIP claims in Scotland will only be accepted for next five months  Kirsty, who is now looking to further increase the brand's growth, said: “This year has been incredibly challenging for me personally, my wonderful colleagues and the business in general. "However, our drive and determination to continue to be the UK’s number one free-from food brand has shone through. “We’re delighted to have increased turnover and sales of key lines this year. “By 2024 we’re aiming to achieve an annual turnover of £25million, which we will secure through investment in production, new product development and new routes to market,”. Recalling her time in the Den, she said: "It was quite a long time ago but it's something that you will never forget the details of. "I set the business up with the remnants of my student loan and with cash I got from working in a bar so it wasn't exactly the best foundations for setting up a brand." Kirsty set up the business up on a “shoestring budget” and got national listings to produce products without having any capital whatsoever to fund the first orders. She told Business Live: “I spoke to a bank and they were very much of the mindset of, ‘You have no mortgage, no home and you have no chance', basically. "I decided to apply for Dragons' Den, after a bottle of wine, as it was desperate measures at that point really." On whether she would do anything differently if she could start again now, she added: "Even though things have been hard at times, there has been a lesson with everything I have ever done. "I would not change anything about what I did, and that includes going on Dragons' Den." Kirsty had put £20,000 of her own money into the business to get it off the ground. To be able to afford this, she worked two and a half jobs - just to give her son “the best life possible”. Kirsty left university to pursue her passion in this business. To be able to afford this, Kirsty told the Dragons’: “I worked two jobs, and a bit of a night job. And I had my little boy. I don’t know how he puts up with me.” “You’re pretty amazing aren’t you,” Theo Paphitis said. Kirsty broke down in tears explaining to the Dragons’ that she does this all for her little boy, who was four at the time. Theo continued: “I’m finding it really difficult to take on board all you’ve achieved. It’s absolutely phenomenal. I am totally blown away by it.”