Having begun his media career back in 2012 after studying as a surveyor Spencer has become a trusted source of information regarding all things property development and the best ways to add value to your home.A few years back the star also revealed his top tips for keeping healthy after answering the Daily Mail’s health quiz. Overall the star boasted about his fitness, explaining that he is a keen cycler and gym goer as exercise makes a “big difference to [his] body language and mood". But it was after his father was diagnosed with prostate cancer that Spencer was advised to add a crucial mineral to his diet, which could protect him from a similar fate. Revealing to the Mail back in 2014, Spencer revealed his shocking family health history. He said: “Dad is 80 and fully fit, but he's had cancer and had a major heart attack ten years ago. “His brother and father died of heart-related issues when they were very young. “After my dad's diagnosis with prostate cancer I started taking zinc following a health MOT. “Doctors said it might prevent it.”  READ MORE: Visceral fat: The fruit you can eat every day shown to reduce the perilous belly fat  Prostate cancer that's spread to another part of your body is called advanced prostate cancer whereas cancer that is contained inside of the prostate is known as localised prostate cancer. For those with early prostate cancer, symptoms are barely noticeable, but this doesn’t mean that the cancer is not aggressive. One reason why some individuals may not get symptoms but others do due to the way the cancer grows. Prostate Cancer UK goes on to explain that you will usually only get early symptoms if the cancer grows near the tube you urinate through (the urethra) and presses against it, changing the way you urinate (wee). Possible changes to look out for and consult a medical professional about include the following, even if this does not turn out to be prostate cancer: The debate surrounding whether an intake of zinc either increases the likelihood of prostate cancer occurring, or whether it fends off the condition is still ongoing.   Cancer Research UK explains that a balanced and varied diet is the best way to get a healthy supply of vitamins and minerals which help our bodies to work properly. Some examples of these various nutrients are: Zinc in particular is a nutrient found throughout your body that helps your immune system and metabolism function. It is also important for wound healing and your sense of taste and smell. One study published in 2020 found that the decrease of zinc in men over the age of 50 was a characteristic hallmark of prostate cancer. The study concluded "an adequate dietary intake of zinc is essential for older adults” as it acts as an important regulator of apoptosis in prostate cells and therefore decreases the chance of developing prostate cancer.  It added: “Especially in the prostate, adequate zinc status will help to maintain health and physiological function and prevent prostate disease from developing or further progressing, thereby acting as a vital anti-BPH and anti-PCa agent. Thus, targeted zinc supplementation with supplements tailored to the needs of the elderly should be considered.” Another study published in 2009 by the US National Library of Medicine, found that high zinc levels in the prostate are essential for prostate health and protect prostate cells from malignancies. But the study did admit to more research being needed. Researcher Michael F. Leitzmann, MD, of the National Cancer Institute, and colleagues agreed saying that it is not clear how zinc may act in the body to increase prostate cancer risk, but some studies have found that men who consumed more than 100mg per day of the mineral were twice as likely to develop advanced prostate cancer than those who didn’t. Overall, when thinking of adding more zinc to your diet, it is best to consult a medical professional who will be best equipped to advise on the dosage and benefits of a zinc supplement. 