The increase of the energy price cap paired with the conflict in Ukraine has sent bills skyrocketing for renters and homeowners alike. As the energy price cap is being increased by over 50 percent by energy regulator, Ofgem, the UK average household is set to see their energy bills soar from April. It is more important than ever to know what is using the most energy in your home and how Britons can reduce this. Energy experts at Magnet have released the worst energy user in the kitchen and one appliance uses considerably more energy than any other. The experts found that there was just under £400 to be saved a year by making this switch in the kitchen. The switch would see you replacing your dishwasher with hand-washing and it could save homeowners an incredible amount of money. Due to a dishwasher's high energy consumption and long running times per use, it is one of the most costly appliances to keep switched on in your kitchen. With the average dishwasher cycle lasting anywhere from 65 minutes to four hours when in use, Britons can expect to spend anywhere between 40.95p - £1.51 per use. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it If used five times a week this could end up costing £392 per year. Another surprising energy sapper comes in the form of the kettle. Depending on the amount of water and type of kettle, it can take anywhere from two to 10 minutes to boil water using this appliance. With the average tea drinker drinking four cups a day in the UK that means their kettle usage can cost from 7.84p - 39.20p a day. This could result in spending anywhere from £28.62 to £143.08 a year. DON'T MISS:Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [EXPERT]How to water your roses - 4 top tips to help your roses thrive [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share the ‘trick’ to cleaning kitchen bins [COMMENT] A spokesperson from Magnet said: “To discover how much energy your kitchen appliances use on average, Magnet used each appliances’ average power rating (in watts), alongside the average UK cost for electricity, to calculate the hourly cost of running each appliance. “To see how much running costs could increase we’ve compared the average rate of electricity from June 2021 (19.63p per kWh) to the new 2022 tariff (28p per kWh) for a typical customer paying by direct debit.” Experts at Magnet have also suggested three ways to save on energy bills in the kitchen. Whilst understandably some appliances in the home cannot be switched off such as the fridge-freezer, other appliances are sitting around wasting energy. The expert said: “You can save energy just by switching off the plug to avoid appliances such as the dishwasher, microwave or toaster from using phantom energy. “Encourage yourself to get into the habit of turning these appliances off when they are not in use and you’ll be instantly saving.” Appliances such as fridge-freezers, dishwashers and washing machines are all becoming more energy efficient. The experts said: “However, if your appliances are too big for your needs then they are still going to waste some serious energy. “If you live on your own, you’re most likely not going to need a family sized fridge-freezer, so go smaller and save yourself some money and energy.” The main reason kitchens are used is to cook, so why not save energy whilst doing so. Homeowners can reduce their energy use daily just by changing a few simple steps such as covering pots and pans with a lid in order to encourage water to boil quicker and use less energy. Turning off the heat a few minutes before you have finished cooking is also a great way to cut down energy, as heat will retain as the hob cools down.