Statistics shared with Express.co.uk show that Millennials were the most likely to take a dim view of their prowess in the bedroom. Men in Yorkshire were the least satisfied overall with their erotic expertise, with Leeds and Belfast having the highest proportion. The findings formed part of a larger study on sentiments around erectile dysfunction, with many men saying jokes around getting hard turn them off talking about the subject. It comes as there are growing calls to remove the stigma surrounding erectile dysfunction. A survey, conducted by Well Pharmacy in January, found that in the UK 55 percent of men felt inadequate when it came to their sexual performance. This number was highest – 63 percent – for those in the 35-44 age bracket, Express.co.uk can reveal. READ MORE: High blood pressure: How it can affect both men and women sexually The region with the highest number of men dissatisfied with their sexual performance was Yorkshire and Humberside, with 63 percent of men agreeing with the question. This was followed closely by Northern Ireland and London on 62 percent, the survey of 2,004 men found. The youngest and oldest age groups were the least likely to feel sexually inadequate, according to the poll. 51 percent of those aged 18-24 said they do not often feel lacking in the bedroom, along with 58 percent of those aged over 65. Men living in the East Midlands and the South East of England are the least likely to feel frustrated with their performance. And in terms of those living in cities, men in Manchester and Edinburgh were the most likely to be happy with their work between the sheets. The poll found, perhaps unsurprisingly, that around 91 percent of UK males have felt a sense of shame when they have struggled to get or maintain an erection. Two thirds of all men have never spoken to their partner about the issue, and 82 percent have kept quiet with family or friends. DON'T MISS Sadiq Khan says London well prepared if Russia launches nuclear attack [INSIGHT] Nicola Sturgeon savaged for trying to 'weaken' NATO [REACTION] Boris Johnson threatened with sanctions by Chechnya [REPORT] More than 62 percent said the jokey narrative around erectile dysfunction, including language such as “keeping it up” could prevent them from seeking help. A further 43 percent said that the issue had stopped them making new relationships in the past. Gillian Stone, deputy superintendent pharmacist for Well Pharmacy, commented: “This is a lot of people avoiding love and intimacy for a condition that can be successfully treated, and often it’s quite easy to resolve in many cases.” According to Mans Matter, a UK-based men’s sexual health clinic, “the pressure on men has never been greater” when it comes to erectile dysfunction and sexual performance. It also suggested that mocking the issue, as well as the depiction of men in reality television, did not help. The clinic also noted that a stiff upper lip and competitiveness amongst men can make it a “hidden subject”. Ms Stone added that suffering with erectile dysfunction can “feel very isolating”. The Well Pharmacy survey also found that a majority of men – 54 percent – feel too embarrassed about erectile dysfunction to speak to a doctor about it. Meanwhile, over three quarters would rather seek medical advice online.