Max Verstappen has admitted he may possibly have more motivation to beat Lewis Hamilton to F1 title glory this year. The 24-year-old triumphed over his Mercedes counterpart back in December, claiming a first championship of his career. And he’ll be aiming to win a second when the new campaign gets underway later this month. Hamilton had gone into last season with many expecting the Mercedes star to win the title and eclipse Michael Schumacher’s record along the way. However, Verstappen was on form throughout the entire campaign and, on the final lap in Abu Dhabi, overtook his rival to reign supreme. Now, attentions are turning towards the commencement of the new season which is due to get started in Bahrain on March 20. And, speaking to the Daily Mail as the date creeps closer, Verstappen has now admitted he may possibly have ‘more motivation’ this time around. “I will always want to win,” he said. “But the desperate ‘must win’ is gone. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “It doesn’t mean I am less motivated. I have the same level of motivation, maybe more, to do it again. “It feels nice. It is a relaxation. There is less of a rush. “I was already in my seventh season. I had never really had a shot at the title before. “I had my first chance and, of course, I wanted desperately to do it. “Winning a championship is one of those things that doesn’t happen often. It may never happen again, who knows?” On wearing the golden shoes made for him by Puma to mark his title-winning achievement, he added: “Wearing the golden shoe is a way of celebrating a special moment. You have to enjoy it. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I remember when I was watching on TV when I was go-karting as a boy and there was a podium celebration and the national anthem was playing and my dad (former F1 driver Jos) said to me, ‘That’s where we need to go’, and I said ‘I’d like that’. “Now I need some luck, the right car, to do it again. “For now, I am happy.” Verstappen also admitted to gaining weight after his triumph, however, confessing he had ‘love handles’ following a period of over-indulgement. “That evening on the boat was crazy, but I went away later to Brazil and Miami for two and a half weeks, time not to think about Formula One,” he said. “But the problem was that I am involved in various group chats about simulator racing. “I was trying not to think about F1 but the phone was going ping, ping, ping. “I don’t mind enjoying food but you look at yourself in the mirror. “I gained three or four kilos, less than usual actually over the winter. “But you still see the difference in your body. I had love handles. When you have been one shape your whole life growing up, it is strange and you know it is time to start again, to get into training twice a day.” Verstappen feels he is a worthy F1 champion, too, despite the controversial nature of his win over Hamilton. “A championship is won over the season, right? Not because of the last lap,” he said. “Some people just look at that race because of the tension building up around it and think the outcome was wrong. “But if you look at the year, the title would normally have been decided way earlier. “It is just that I was taken out twice and had some bad luck with tyre blowouts. “It came down to the last race because of all that misfortune. “And look at the stats. That usually gives you a picture of how the season went.”