On Friday, Stacey Solomon returned to the Loose Women panel with co-presenters Judi Love, Kaye Adams and Nadia Sawalha, who were delighted to have her back in the ITV studio. Five months after giving birth to baby Rose, Stacey and the panellists wasted no time in coming together for a big reunion cuddle.  One of the topics up for discussion was whether woman like their boobs and Stacey explained the humiliation she felt when she first developed breasts as a young girl. The Loose Women spoke candidly about the pressures of conforming with beauty standards, particularly in regards to body shape. The former X Factor star detailed the physical changes she dealt with from the age of 10 which left her feeling “humiliated” and self-conscious. Stacey began: “I was horrified about my boobs, I got boobs really early. “I was one of those girls that came on her period at [the age of] 10 and the boobs came with it, and the hairy armpits. READ MORE:Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer'   “I was really awkward and gangly,” Stacey told the panel. Nadia weighed in: “Were you very skinny as well then?” “I had quite a small back and big boobs, but also, it wasn’t about how big my boobs were because later I came to realise that it was a thing,” Stacey chuckled. "And you could use them to your advantage but at 10, I was humiliated by them, I found them uncomfortable.   “I remember my family and friends being uncomfortable for me,” she said. Kaye asked: “How did you pick that up?” Stacey replied: “I remember them saying, ‘Pull your top up, pull your top up,' because they would show. “My dad would be uncomfortable if I got attention from older men when I was a really young child with boobs.” Aghast, Judi wondered: “Oh really?” with Stacey confessing: "I’d noticed it, it was really apparent and obvious.”   Later on in the programme, Stacey introduced her baby daughter to the panel and Rose was welcomed with warm smiles all around. Detailing her birth, Stacey revealed how her baby had been diagnosed with tongue-tie, which her son Rex had been born with. According to the NHS, tongue-tie is "where the strip of skin connecting the baby's tongue to the bottom of their mouth is shorter than usual". She explained: “I watched Rose’s mouth go from opening a little bit, which I thought was normal because that’s what Rex and Rose had done.   “To opening like a bird, all of a sudden,” she gushed. Nadia added: "It just breaks my heart how many people don't even know." Discussing her next move, Stacey said she aimed to raise awareness for the condition which affects mothers around the world. Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm  