Zara Tindall is mother to Mia Tindall, Lena Tindall and Lucas Tindall. Parenting coach Sophie Pickles and Babysense expert Elaine Soller, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the mother’s hands-on parenting style. She explained the royal may have taken tips from Princess Anne. Elaine Soller told Express.co.uk: “Zara Tindall was raised by a very hands-on mother who declined to give her children a royal title, thereby enabling Zara and her brother to have as normal a life as possible. “This upbringing is clearly evident and reflects in Zara’s own parenting style.” Unlike Princes William and Harry, and Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, Zara does not have a royal title. Tradition dictates that when members of the Royal Family welcome a child, tradition dictates that only a father may pass on his title. READ MORE: While the Queen did offer courtesy titles to Princess Anne’s former husband Mark and any children born to the pair, the Queen’s granddaughter is pleased her parents opted against it. Indeed, she has previously stated she was “very lucky” to have missed out on the royal title. Had she been a Princess and subject to reams of royal duties, she may not have had the time to forge out such a successful equestrian career. Zara won a silver medal in the 2012 Olympics, and has passed on her passions to her children. Elaine explained that Zara’s own upbringing fostered a love of “healthy competition”, with former rugby player Mike Tindall reportedly refusing to let his little ones win when they play sports. On the House of Rugby podcast, when the host remarked that Mike “flat out beat” his daughter in a running race, the former rugby star responded: “Trying to make her more competitive is what I was trying to do.” While the sportswoman joked that eldest daughter Mia Tindall would “be kept away from horses and rugby”, the parenting duo actively encourage it. Elaine explained: “In fact, the sporting gene runs strong amongst the Tindall children, Mike revealed on his podcast, The Good, The Bad & The Rugby that Mia, who excelled at her first game of rugby, is a ‘chip off the old block’.” Mike Tindall revealed that his eldest daughter plays for a local team. The father-of-three stated: “It's always hard to get Mia to go, she's like 'I don't like it', and then you get there and she's off.” Parenting coach Sophie Pickles also commented on Zara and Mike’s parenting: “Zara's traditional royal upbringing is bound to have an impact upon the way in which she chooses to parent and she will value and encourage good manners, academic success and determination. “We know that Zara and Mike foster competition in their children, encouraging them to set out to win, just as royals have done for generations." She continued: “Just as Zara has forged her own path in life, I am sure that she will also want to break away from some of the more old-fashioned royal parenting techniques and traditions.” The Tindall children will have a hugely different upbringing to their cousins, the children of Prince William and Kate Middleton. “While their children will grow to lead very privileged lives, with the Queen as their great grandmother and cousins in line to the throne, they are likely to feel less caught in the spotlight than George, Charlotte and Louis. “This opportunity will lead to a relatively 'normal' childhood which will undoubtedly have a positive effect on their mental health as they grow.”