Mr Javid made his promise after he saw examples of hardships faced by disabled people and their families during an interview on ITV’s Good Morning Britain. Presenter Martin Lewis, the founder of MoneySavingExpert, told the Secretary of State about one woman whose husband used a ventilator, and whose energy costs were set to rise from around £180 a month to £270 in April and then £360 in October. Reading her comments, Mr Lewis said: “We don’t have the heating on and sit with blankets on us.” And a single disabled mother said that, although her benefits through Personal Independence Payments (PIP) had risen by £3 a month, her council tax had gone up by £5 a month while her electricity bill was set to double from £76 to £143. When Mr Javid was asked by Mr Lewis whether he would “champion” those who were most vulnerable, he said: “Yes, absolutely. Those are some of the most important people in our society and exactly the kind of people we should do everything we can to support, including from my department and the NHS.” He added that there was already “a huge amount of support”. A government spokesperson said: “We recognise the pressures people are facing, which is why we have set out a £21billion package of support, including a £150 council tax rebate and a further £200 energy bill discount.” But Una Summerson of Contact, the charity for families with disabled children, is calling on Chancellor Rishi Sunak to make the £200 energy rebate non-repayable. She said: “Families who care for a disabled child already pay £600 extra on energy costs – and that’s before bills soar next month. “We have huge concerns about how they are going to cope. “Many need to run life-saving equipment like ventilators and food pumps or have extra washing due to continence issues, while some children are less mobile and get colder quicker and others have conditions that mean they can’t regulate body temperature. The Chancellor has an opportunity to convert the £200 energy rebate into a non-repayable grant.” Katie Schmuecker, deputy director at anti-poverty charity Joseph Rowntree Trust, said: “News that inflation could hit eight percent and energy bills soar further this year is causing untold anxiety as people are already wondering how they will get to the end of the month.” Sarah Pennells, consumer finance specialist at Royal London, said: “The Warm Home Discount scheme is going to be expanded, but it still won’t reach everyone who needs help – including many disabled people.” ---------------------------------------------------- Disabled people and their families are being left high and dry in the worst cost-of-living crisis for decades. Scope research has found they are more than twice as likely to have a cold house and three times as likely to be unable to afford food. The vast majority, 76 percent, have had to tighten their belts and cut household spending as prices rise. Meanwhile, Scope’s Disability Energy Support service has seen a huge rise in demand from disabled people worried about their bills. For a lot of our callers, there is no choice, they need a constant supply of energy for their equipment. Spiralling living costs are pushing many disabled people to the brink. Many have been cutting back for months. Plenty already face sky-high costs. One person has a five-year-old son with cerebral palsy, scoliosis and epilepsy, and he needs an electric wheelchair, two electric lifts, a hospital bed and three monitoring cameras. His energy bill will rise by 45 percent from next month. He told us: “The amount of equipment my son needs which is plugged into the wall means I can’t reduce my energy and I feel like we are being punished for that.” The scale of the problem means we need urgent action from the Government. We need to see financial support targeted at disabled households. Plans to cut 200,000 of them out of the Warm Home Discount – an important grant – need to be scrapped. And the Chancellor must listen to calls to uplift benefits in line with inflation. A 3.1 percent rise in benefit levels come April does little when inflation is at seven percent and rising. Life costs more if you’re disabled, but what’s on offer right now doesn’t touch the sides of these costs. Many disabled people will be watching the Chancellor closely tomorrow. We can’t afford for him to get it wrong. • James Taylor works at Disability equality charity Scope