The hot weather, which begins this weekend, could last for up two weeks, weather forecaster Phil Morrish said. He told Express.co.uk temperatures will range from 18C to 20C between Monday and Thursday this week, with a sustained period of warm and dry weather to last all the way into early April. According to Mr Morrish, the warm weather is the result of air from Africa, causing temperatures to sit around 8C above average. Weather forecaster WXCharts has predicted temperatures ranging between 11 and 16C across the UK, with the warmest weather felt in Newcastle and the Midlands. Very little rain has been predicted by the forecaster over the next week. Mr Morrish said he did not see any rain at all in the forecast for the next 10 days. There is very little wind in the forecast over the course of the next week, with WXCharts predicting wind speeds of up to 6km/h across the UK. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Morrish said: "We've got a large area of high pressure which is now sitting over Europe, but what that is going to do is gradually bring the air coming from Africa during next week. "Now the weekend is fine and sunny with temperatures up to 16C, which is fine. "Tomorrow might be slightly more cloudy, and then as from Monday onward the high is going to be a little bit further East, allowing the air to come up from Africa. "We can call it a Saharan Sizzler, with lots of warm hot air coming up from across the country. READ MORE: UK weather forecast: Britain to bake in 30C sunshine in March heatwave "Tuesday to Thursday we can get temperatures of up to 18 or 19C, perhaps 20C. "That is 8C above average, so it's going to be very warm indeed as the hot air comes up over us on Tuesday to Friday. "Beyond that, it's going to stay mainly fine. "We haven't got any rain in the charts for the next 10 days. DON'T MISS: UK to bask in sun as Britain set for hottest day of year THIS WEEKEND [REPORT] Panic erupts at 'creepy' orange sky - Saharan dust cloud covers London [REACTION] Skies turn orange as apocalyptic Saharan dust cloud hurtles towards UK [INSIGHT] "It's going to stay mainly fine with higher pressure, cooling off a little by Friday. "Certainly for the next three or four days, Monday to Thursday, it's going to stay very warm, 18C to 20C." Mr Morrish said the "pleasant" weather will last for at least the next 10 days, "perhaps the next two weeks". The forecaster said: "Next weekend, the higher pressure is going to change over, but it's looking at the moment that at least ten days it's going to stay dry, which will take us into April. "And becoming warmer again as higher pressure establishes itself. "The rain has certainly gone away for a time with higher pressure over Europe and then over us again next weekend. "So it's staying mainly fine for the next ten days, perhaps the next two weeks. "It's going to be fine and pleasant for most of us."