Liverpool are now being touted as favourites to win the Premier League title after picking up a vital victory over Arsenal on Wednesday night. Jurgen Klopp’s side have won nine straight league matches to move within one point of Manchester City with nine left to play and the excitement around the club is now palpable.     Liverpool were tested by Arsenal’s impressive intensity in midfield and pace down the flanks but ultimately came out on top – just like they have on several other occasions this season. Momentum is an oft-spoken about but hard to define concept in football, yet it is certainly with the Reds now. Jamie Carragher summed up the mood on Sky Sports’ coverage of the game. “I think it is absolutely massive,” he said. “I think everyone now connected with Liverpool Football Club thinks that they will go on and win the league. This is certainly the first time this season that I have believed that they can go on and win it. “Manchester City are still there, and there is only a point in it, but I think the momentum Liverpool must have now, they could go top in their next game. You can see the reaction of the fans and the players.”  JUST IN: Man Utd 'preferred' manager candidate comes to light What made Liverpool’s win all the more impressive was the nature of it. Arsenal had won five successive Premier League games and were arguably the toughest opponent Klopp’s side could have faced away from home. Yet in a performance reminiscent of their 2-0 win over Inter Milan at the San Siro exactly a month prior, Liverpool weathered the storm, regained their composure and struck twice in quick succession in the second half to kill the game off. Liverpool have now kept eight clean sheets in their last 11 matches in all competitions – and Joel Matip was awarded the man of the match award by Sky – but it was another player who really caught the eye and reminded viewers of the team’s real point of difference.  DON'T MISS Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp explains decision to bench Mohamed Salah Alan Shearer and six other pundits humiliated over Chelsea predictions Gary Neville surprised Man Utd didn't try to sign Liverpool star On Monday, Gary Neville highlighted a potentially crucial area of strength for Liverpool in the run-in against Man City. The Sky Sports pundit explained that the Reds’ ability to call upon five top-class forwards was a “luxury” which Klopp has but Pep Guardiola does not. That factor was in evidence at the Emirates, where Diogo Jota opened the scoring before immediately making way for Roberto Firmino, who came on and added a second minutes later. The focus is so often on Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane or, since January, Luis Diaz – but Liverpool’s real strength lies in their depth of options. After 56 minutes Klopp was able to replace class with class – and it told. "Firmino’s movement in such a small area to operate is why he’s elite,” former Arsenal striker Ian Wright wrote on Twitter after the game. “Small margins and more depth. LFC to win the title. Our boys did good, we getting there." Alan Shearer added: “The movement from Firmino for his goal is outstanding.”  They are both right. Firmino has perpetually flown under the radar since his £36million move from Hoffenheim in 2015 – but perhaps never more so than this season, when Salah has taken his goal scoring to new heights and Diaz has made a splash following a mid-season arrival. But, as Liverpool supporters and Klopp have always known, Firmino is the real MVP. His ability to retain possession high up the pitch, regain possession as the leader of the high press and subtlety in front of goal is second to none. And with the Premier League title race set to go down to the wire, those little things could make all the difference. 