Passengers at Manchester Airport’s Terminal Two have reported “massive queues” for security. One traveller said people’s holidays had been “ruined”. Barbara Bennett tweeted: “What an absolute shambles getting through T2 at Manchester Airport this morning. “The queues at baggage belts, passport control and security were horrendous. “We’ve very chilled travellers but felt so sorry for many people whose start to their holiday was ruined!” ‘Woodcop771’ tweeted: “Shocking long queues at the new Terminal Two Manchester Airport departures. READ MORE: British expat warning of ‘total nightmare’ rules in Spain “Get here at least three to four hours before your flight. One job.” Dan Nolan said they had booked a lounge at the airport. They tweeted: “We are at Manchester Terminal Two and booked a lounge for three hours before our 10:10 flight. “We have been in the airport since 7am and are still stuck in a security queue so won’t even make it and may miss our flight? “What should we do? This queue is absolutely ridiculous.” Gillian Boyle tweeted: “Massive queues for security at Manchester Airport, a total shambles. “Hope we don’t miss our flight. Demand was clearly going to soar after restrictions were removed but clearly not enough staff.” Manchester Airport tweeted: “Hi there. We are aware security queues were longer than we would have hoped at times today and apologise for any inconvenience caused. “We are doing all we can to minimise delays and thank customers for their understanding.” Passengers reported chaos at the busy regional airport this week with one claiming they missed their flight. Kathleen Moorland told Manchester Evening News her flight to Gran Canaria departed more than two hours late earlier this week. She said it was due to delays getting the baggage onto the plane, saying “all you want is an easy start to the holiday, not the total chaos that there is.” Passengers said it took them an hour and a half to get through security with only two lanes open. British tourists are also likely to face long queues at several international destinations this summer. Some airports struggled to cope with demand last year including top hotspots in the Canary Islands. Photos of huge queues with overcrowded passengers went viral on social media as holidaymakers faced chaos. It is thought that issues could be possible this year as British tourists now need to get their passport stamped on leaving and entering the EU.