In the unearthed footage, John Bercow can be seen telling Prime Minster Boris Johnson to "comply" with parliamentary rules during a tense clash in the Commons. Mr Johnson had sparked the anger of the Speaker after referring to the then Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn directly by name. Mr Johnson can be heard telling MPs: "We are preparing for no-deal Brexit we absolutely must. "I don't think that the consequence will be anything like as bad as the merchants of project fear have said. I've said that the way to avoid a no-deal Brexit so allow this Government to get on and do a deal at the summit on October the 17th. "And the choice for this country is who they weren't doing that deal, this government or that Labour Party led by Jeremy Corbyn." Mr Bercow intervened: "We didn't name the chamber people must observe the rules limit order." The speaker continues "Order order. I am simply and politely informing the Prime Minister of the very long-established procedure with which everybody including the Prime Minister must comply. "That's the position no doubts, no argument, no contradiction. End of the matter." Mr Bercow told off the Prime Minister for naming Mr Corbyn, rather than referring to him as the MP for Islington North as is the procedure in the House of Commons. Mr Johnson was speaking in Parliament just hours after he was defeated by the House of Commons to block a no deal Brexit.   In resurfaced video comes after Mr Bercow was stripped of a parliamentary pass after the independent panel found he was a "serial bully" towards Parliamentary staff during his 10 years in the Speaker's chair. Complaints made by three Commons officials formed the bedrock of the investigation into former speaker. The independent panel found Mr Bercow to be a "serial bully" and a liar. In its report published last Tuesday, the panel said: "The findings of the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, which we have upheld, show that the respondent has been a serial bully... DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT] His evidence in the investigations, the findings of the commissioner, and his submissions to us show also that the respondent has been a serial liar. His behaviour fell very far below that which the public has a right to expect from any Member of Parliament. "The respondent's conduct was so serious that, had he still been a Member of Parliament, we would have determined that he should be expelled by resolution of the House. As it is, we recommend that he should never be permitted a pass to the Parliamentary estate." "At the end of it, the panel has simply said that I should be denied a parliamentary pass which I have never applied for and do not want. That is the absurdity of its position," he said in a statement. It is a travesty of justice and brings shame on the House of Commons."