Aljaz Skorjanec, 32, announced his departure from Strictly Come Dancing after nine years on Monday. Since then, claims have surfaced that he would "verbally lash out" on set. Aljaz has denied these claims and Strictly star Nikita Kuzmin, 24, reached out to the professional dancer after this. Since announcing his departure from Strictly, Aljaz has been hit by claims that he "verbally lashed out at crew" members on the BBC show, in which he has fiercely denied. In response, Nikita has sent a message to Aljaz, reassuring him that is a "great person". Aljaz posted the message in view of his 543,000 Instagram followers, along with the caption: "Got this today. Really loved working with you last year and I know we will work again in the future." Nikita messaged Aljaz: "Hey Ali. Just wanted to express my love to you and gratitude to have seen you in action for at least one season! READ MORE: Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell "You were the guy who I was looking up to as an example. From how you treat every single runner, cleaner, security, camera etc. "To how you treat your partner! You helped and inspired me to be first, a great person and gentleman before even thinking of taking a step on that floor and competing in this beautiful show." He continued: "Just want to let you know that you made an impact on the show and I'm part of it. "You're a brilliant, charismatic and genius entertainer. And you're going to be that in whatever you're going to do next! "Ps: now PLEASE, open your pocket, reach in, and don't take the audience with you. Love you." Aljaz replied: "This made me emotional my friend not going to lie." In reports published last night, a source told The Sun that members of the Strictly crew were left "really upset" by "incidents" involving Aljaz in the latest series. They said: "He verbally lashed out at various staff members behind the scenes in what some thought was an unnecessarily aggressive manner. DON'T MISS... 'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [OSCARS] Fern Britton praises 'tough' women in Royal Family on Philip memorial [ROYAL] Fantastic Beasts Maja Bloom puts on daring display at premiere [PICTURES] "Aljaz was seen by some as arrogant and pompous too – and it left a bad taste in some of the staff's mouths. Not many people will miss him." In response, Aljaz's representative told Express.co.uk: "Aljaz has the utmost respect for everyone working on the show and it is untrue to say he acted in an aggressive manner at any time." The executive producer of Strictly Sarah James said of his departure: "We are so sad to be saying goodbye to Aljaž after almost a decade as a professional dancer on Strictly Come Dancing. "Since lifting the glitterball with Abbey Clancy in his debut series he has become a firm favourite with viewers across the country. "During his nine series he has provided us with some unforgettable moments on the show through his incredible choreography, passion for dance and heart of gold. "He will be missed by his Strictly family, both on and off the dancefloor, and we wish him only the very best as he embarks on his next chapter." His departure comes just a month after fellow star Oti Mabuse announced she was quitting the show after seven years. 