Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Leo, the fifth sign in the zodiac, is represented by the lion. Leos are passionate, intense, and fiery when it comes to expressing love towards another person. Like Virgos, Leos love hard – but unlike the Virgin sign, falling in love is easy for then. Staying in love, however, can be difficult. Horoscope.com said: “Falling in love is easy for Lions. But finding a person who can match them and staying in love can be tough. “Leo loves flirting and dating, and has no problem pencilling new names onto the calendar. “This sign loves the rollercoaster that is romance, from butterflies before the first date to catching their breath after the first time in bed. “But while Lions thrive on the novelty of dating, they can be easily disappointed if their date fails to live up to their outsize expectations. “That’s why Leos occasionally finds true love with partners they may have dated or broken up with in the past.” DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] Leo is most compatible with Libra, perhaps because both signs enjoy socialising and “making every day truly pleasurable”. Other good love matches are Scorpio, Aries, and Pisces. On the connection between Scorpio and Leo, Horoscope.com said: “Leo and Scorpio match each other in their intensity, and social Leo can prevent deep Scorpio from brooding too much. “This fire and water sign are an instant power couple who can make amazing things happen if they work together.” Today, Leos are warned to not get involved “in anything too serious”. The astrologists said: “You can, by all means, enjoy a wonderfully romantic evening, but with the present aspect, don't become involved in anything too serious. “You may not be able to see the forest for the trees, which you would definitely need to, in view of a more serious entanglement. “So go for a meal out, or revel in a moonlight kiss, but don't make any major decisions.” As for the rest of the week, it is a good idea for Leos to “hang back and see what happens rather than try to initiate anything”, according to the experts. Horoscope.com continued: “A sun-Jupiter conjunction in dreamy Pisces on Saturday brings visions of love at first sight, happily ever after, and all the romantic storybook things. “There’s no reason to give up, Leo. Just because none of that has happened so far doesn’t mean it never will.” The astrologists added: “A weekend meeting of Venus and Mars in unrestricted Aquarius means you’re ready to forget about the rules and start taking some more risks. “You have a strong desire for companionship now, but not necessarily in a romantic sense. Luckily, your social game is on point.”