Ex-Tottenham Hotspur striker Dimitar Berbatov wants the club to make Harry Kane the best-paid sportsperson in history to ease his desire for a new challenge. Last summer, Kane was in the core of a transfer whirlwind and wanted to join Manchester City but remained at Tottenham. Although the 28-year-old didn't push for a move, he made it clear he wanted to join a club where he could add trophies to his otherwise glistening resume. But Man City failed with their £100million pursuit as Daniel Levy's stubborn £150m prevented the biggest transfer in Premier League history. Tottenham are set for another trophy-less season, though, and also face a huge fight to qualify for next season's Champions League. If they fail to do so, Kane could seriously consider making more effort to force an exit as he continues to thrive in his prime years. JUST IN: Chelsea bosses 'begging government' for two things in meltdown But, speaking exclusively to Express Sport, Betfair Ambassador Berbatov has urged Tottenham to give Kane whatever he wants to keep him at the club. He said: "Well, if he signs a new contract, I hope they can make him the best-paid player in sports history because of the other performances he's doing right now. "He again is reminding everybody why he is so good on the pitch and, in my opinion, one of the best in the world at what he does. "Not only scoring goals, just how he moves around the pitch and how he takes the ball, how he gives it with the passing. His passing is unbelievable; he's something between number nine and number 10." READ MORE: Liverpool star Luis Diaz 'being eaten by anxiety' despite superb start Like the rest of the Spurs squad, Kane struggled early on in the season during Nuno Espirito Santo's dire but short-lived reign. But the England captain has rediscovered his brilliant best form since Antonio Conte arrived in November. Kane has five goals in his last eight Premier League games and will look to make an impact against another of Berbatov's former teams, Manchester United, on Saturday. Defeat at Old Trafford would further dampen Spurs' top-four hopes, though, and a player of his calibre won't be content looking in on the Champions League through the window. And Berbatov fears there could be a repeat of last summer's 'soap opera' transfer saga if Kane doesn't put pen to paper on a new Tottenham deal soon. He continued: "So if he signs a new contract, it's going to be a great one financially for him because he deserves it. "If not, again, we're going to be witnessing a soap opera in the summer. You know, is he staying? Is he going? Where's he going? All stuff like this. "That, for me and you, is going to be interesting, but I've been there in his shoes. I know how tired it can make a player emotionally and physically because it's a great stress on your body and mind." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.