The clear evidence that Putin's regime is targeting civilians is proof, if any were needed, that he is guilty of war crimes and should one day face justice. It is good to see the UK leading the way with the EU and other allies in tightening the screw on Russia and isolating that rogue state further. This is indeed a time for unity and, while sanctions may come at a cost to us all, it is essential that the West takes an uncompromising stand in defence of democracy. That is the foundation of our society and a free world and there can be no watering down of those principles. In that sense Ukrainians are fighting for us all, not just to defend their homeland from a despotic tyrant and his bloodthirsty cronies.They have shown astonishing courage in the face of dreadful slaughter and apparently overwhelming odds. We should all be inspired by the people of Ukraine and their stoicism in the face of terror. One person who has been a consistent, immovable opponent to the evils of the Putin regime throughout this crisis has been our Prime Minister Boris Johnson. His clear message yesterday that the West now needs to end its reliance on Russian oil and gas in order to leave that country isolated and without funds is an important one. The events of the last few weeks have confirmed that we cannot rely on Russia as a secure and responsible trading partner. Under Putin's rule it has turned into an immoral country and the enemy of democracy. That of course is not true of many individual Russians, who have bravely protested against the war, but the only way to stand up to a bully is with firm action. As Mr Johnson points out, there are plenty of other oil and gas reserves. Rather than doing business with Russia, we can impose sanctions that leave it vulnerable. It is now vital that there is no letting up of those sanctions and that individual countries do not break ranks. There are today a series of potentially historic meetings in Brussels to discuss this crisis at Nato and the European Council with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss in attendance. Let us hope that the unity which has mostly been found between Britain, the EU, US and others continues as they agree to the tough decisions to properly punish Putin and Russia for this unnecessary genocidal war.