The UK's public service broadcaster's story on issues surrounding the gynaecological condition interviewed two women who shared their stories to help raise awareness. Endometriosis is a condition that around 1.5 million women in the UK suffer from. The feature article opened with a description of some of the symptoms of endometriosis. This includes heavy periods, debilitating pain and infertility. The article went on to state that the condition “affects one in 10 people of any age in the UK, who are assigned female at birth”.  The article also stated the condition affects "1 in 10 people", instead of one in 10 women. The gender description was spotted by Milli Hill, founder of the Positive Birth Movement. She then sent a tweet to the BBC, which quickly went viral. Ms Hil said: "Dear BBC News, sex is not 'assigned at birth'. Saying '1 in 10 people' obscures the stat. "Also, the reason there is 'no known cause or cure' is undoubtedly because this is an issue that only affects women. And, so has been consistently overlooked." Ukraine news: 'Firing squad' forms in Kremlin chaos in threat to Putin  After a flood of complaints, the broadcaster amended the online piece to instead say “one in 10 women of any age in the UK”. A spokesman for the BBC said: "This is a news article about two women with endometriosis. "We updated the wording to reflect that and make it clearer for audiences.” Speaking to the Daily Telegraph Ms Hill said that she had her own experiences of being “attacked and de-platformed for questioning the ideological direction of travel”. DON'T MISSAs invasion goes awry, what will Russia do next? [ANALYSIS]A look at Vladimir Putin's inner circle [INSIGHT]The 4 countries standing behind Russia [EXPLAINER]  She had previously been criticised by trans activists for taking issue with gender-neutral phrases such as “birthing person”. She said the article was a “classic example of data being obscured by de-sexed language”. She added: “One in 10 people is not the same as one in 10 women, statistically. “We are talking about a women's health issue here that, historically, has had hardly any attention, women have been fobbed off and left to suffer for years with this condition, so there is a lot of underlying anger among women about this issue.” 