Dr Mosley is the creator of the Fast 800 diet, a diet plan that helps slimmers lost weight fast. The nutrition expert also often shares weight loss advice on social media, and regularly appears on British TV. Dr Mosley explained there are many easy adjustments one can do to rapidly lose weight, including eating earlier. The doctor said: “Broadly, I encourage people to try and have their evening meal earlier, say 7pm to 7.30pm. “Try and stop eating by 8pm, and then not eat anything with calories after that. “The temptation is to eat cheese and biscuits late into the night. READ MORE: Michael Mosley recommends making 'tasty' food for rapid weight loss “Although the idea that cheese will give you nightmares is a complete and utter myth, it will obviously be sort of quite a lot of calories loaded on late at night. “And we know the fat and sugar you eat later at night, it just hangs around in your system for much, much longer because your body is just closed down for night. “Your digestive process will be closing down, and it really will not appreciate that late night snack.” Dr Mosley recommended restricting alcohol and caffeine at night as “both are likely to keep you awake”. DON'T MISS: Petrol price fury: Drivers angered as pump prices rise despite 5p cut [REACTIONS]How Kate and William display ‘sign of unity and togetherness’ [STYLE]London house prices overvalued by 50% - homeowners warned [NEWS] According to studies, people who get less sleep are more likely to eat more in the day. Therefore, getting a good night’s sleep can greatly contribute tow eight loss. Dr Mosley advised “a nice cup of camomile tea or possibly a cup of ginger tea” before bed. Another tip to help slimmers lose weight is to “pile your plate with protein”, according to the doctor. He said: “It’s really important to have a decent amount of protein, which is 50 to 70 grams a day. “You can mainly get protein from meat or from fish, and you can also get it from legumes, but you have to eat rather more, which is why following the Fast 800 on a vegetarian diet is more challenging. “We do have meal replacement shakes which are very rich in protein, and we're also aiming to produce protein boosters, to help people who might otherwise struggle with it. “The reason for protein is you need it for your muscle. You need it for all sorts of essential metabolic processes. “And also because when you consume it, it's digested slower by your body so you don't get the same sort of peaks.” Although Dr Mosley has recommended reducing the number of snacks you eat during the day, he advised to “keep a healthy snack onside” if you get hungry. This is especially helpful if you are fasting. The nutrition expert said: “The best way to prevent hunger when you’re intermittent fasting is to use something like a meal replacement shake. “Follow the Fast 800 programme, because it has been very carefully calibrated to ensure it gives you the maximum nutrients and the maximum amount of fibre and protein. “The reason people get hungry is because they've eaten something that's very high in sugar or carbs, so they get a massive rise in the blood sugar levels and then they crash and then they get hungry. “I find that if you're eating something which has plenty of fibre in it and plenty of nutrients, I really don't get hungry hardly at all.” Dr Mosley added: “And if I'm going to have a snack, I would go for a small handful of nuts or something like that. “And that really takes the edge away. It is important to have decent amounts of protein, by which I mean around 50 grams a day.”