Ukraine has used Russia's own missiles to take out its military forces in a "great irony of history". Germany sent the Soviet-designed Strela missiles from the stocks of the former East German armed forces. DW chief political editor Michaela Kufner said that the anti-aircraft missiles were produced in Russian territory and given to the East German government at the time. She said that Strela missiles were even used by the Russian military during its conflict in Afghanistan in the 1970s. The DW host said: "These missiles are said to be of Soviet-production from the former East German army. "That's a great irony of history isn't it?" Ms Kufner responded: "Well, we are in the process of writing a new history." JUST IN: Russian senator opens up on soldier losses in one military company She continued: "These are Soviet-made. They were delivered from Russia to East Germany at the time, and they were even used in Russia's conflict in Afghanistan. "They are functioning military hardware, which is scarce in the German army. "We expect there to be more that will be given to Ukraine, but the government stresses that there is no direct handover to the Ukrainians." The 2,700 anti-aircraft missiles come on top of the 1,000 anti-tank weapons and 500 surface-to-air missiles that Germany has already committed to delivering. The missiles were requested by the Ukrainian government, as they try to break Russia’s dominance of its airspace. The shoulder-fired Strela weapons can be used against helicopters and airplanes. Berlin recently reversed a longstanding policy of not exporting weapons to conflict zones. The move marked "a historical shift," according to Chancellor Olaf Scholz. DON'T MISS: Russia flights: The 36 countries banned from Russian airspace [LIST]Macron mocked as EU invites Truss to Russia meetings [REACTION]Israeli airport trolls Russian planes by signalling with Ukraine flag [VIDEO] Announcing the delivery, Chancellor Scholz said: "In this situation, it is our duty to support Ukraine's defence against the invading army of Vladimir Putin to the best of our ability." Earlier today, footage emerged of Ukrainian forces shooting down a Russian military helicopter above the Ukrainian countryside. The helicopter can be seen to explode on impact, then quickly crash and drop to the ground. Elsewhere on the ground in Ukraine, Russian forces have continued to shell the Ukrainian city of Mariupol on Saturday. This comes despite the two sides agreeing to a ceasefire just hours earlier - throwing an attempted mass evacuation of civilians into chaos.