Gardening experts from GardeningExpress.co.uk said taking time when it comes to watering, making a chemical-free weed killer and mulching are just some of the ways gardeners can keep on top of “pesky” weeds. This is especially important during the spring and summer months when weeds can multiply very quickly, causing the garden to look messy. A spokesperson for GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “Weeding can be a real pain. It can often seem like as soon as you’ve picked a weed there are ten more starting to grow in its place. “They can make an outdoor space look unkempt so it’s important to keep on top of them where possible. “By following these tips you should be able to train and remove weeds from your garden, reducing the amount of labour needed.” Just like flowers, weeds also need water to grow. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes The experts said: “If you’re watering your plants make sure you try to avoid the areas where weeds are, as this will encourage them to grow. “Do this by using a watering can with a smaller spout and by just watering the roots of the flowers, instead of the leaves.” This will help to prevent weeds from growing and suppress existing ones. Mulching, which can help the garden in a variety of different ways, can also help prevent weeds. DON'T MISS:Peace lily: How to get your houseplant to bloom this spring [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ 10 minute ‘hack’ to remove carpet stains [COMMENT]‘Good idea’ to buy and sell property despite ‘very high’ demand [EXPLAINER] Placing a thick layer of mulch on flower beds will “make it more difficult” for weeds to grow, according to the experts. They added: “The mulch needs to be deep for it to be effective, around 10cm to 15cm should help starve the weeds of sunlight and water.” Mulching can also help to improve the soil around plants as well as giving the garden a neat and tidy appearance. It can help gardeners save time spent on tasks such as watering too. Some gardeners may like to pull garden weeds out by hand or with a garden fork. GardeningExpress.co.uk recommended only doing this for annual or ephemeral weeds that only last up to a year. The experts said: “Perennial weeds die over winter and re-grow each spring meaning they are very deep rooted. “Just removing the tops will not affect these weeds.” For anyone struggling with perennial weeds, grabbing a spade and focusing on the roots can help to lift them up. If the roots are not lifted up, the deep roots will continue to grow even after the top is removed. The gardening experts added: “Depending on the length of the roots, it may disturb the soil and other flower roots around it. “If you have a particularly bad weed problem, using a weed suppressant fabric may be a good idea. “These ground cover fabrics should be laid over soil which has recently been cleared of weeds to stop regrowth or new weeds establishing. “Materials can include plastic sheeting, woven materials and spun materials, each coming with their own advantages and disadvantages.” When it comes to tackling garden weeds, it is important to ensure the whole plant is removed, paying attention to the roots. This is because weeds often grow back very quickly if only the top parts are removed. The experts recommended considering weed-suppressing materials too including placing gravel, paving or decking onto a weed prone area.