In a set of polls that ran from 10am on Tuesday, March 22, to 9am on Monday, March 28, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, would have a fourth child soon and whether this would be environmentally ethical. The polls came after fans speculated that another royal baby was on the way after Kate’s “flirty” dancing with her husband in the Belize village of Hopkins as part of their official royal tour of the Caribbean. First, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think Kate and William will announce baby number four soon?” A total of 1,445 people responded to this question. A small majority of voters – 53 percent (771 people) – answered “no”, William and Kate will not announce baby number four soon. A further 37 percent (535 people) said “yes” the royal couple would announce baby number four soon and just 10 percent (139 people) said they did not know. Then, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think it would be environmentally ethical for Kate and William to have another child?” Of the 1,412 people who answered this question, the overwhelming majority – 63 percent (885 people) said “yes” it would be environmentally ethical to have another child. Meanwhile, 22 percent (312 people) said “no” and a further 15 percent (215 people) said they did not know. Readers shared their views on the issue with dozens of comments left below the accompanying article. Username Roflower said: “Whether they do or don’t, it is their business only!” And username immortality wrote: “That is a very personal matter. What will be will be.” Some thought that William and Kate are already occupied with royal commitments and their three children George, eight, Charlotte, six and Louis, three. Username Coasti said: “I think Catherine would love number four, but they realise their lives are about to get a lot busier soon and the timing isn't right. So no, I think they're smart and will stick at three.” And username VICUSA wrote: “Kate is 40. She and Will are the front royals doing all the official meet and greets. They don't have the time to have another baby.” Several respondents praised the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s parenting and felt strongly about the couple having more children. DON'T MISS:William rips up rules & does things 'Cambridge way' after crisis talks [LIVE BLOG]How to watch Prince Philip's memorial service on TV or live stream [LATEST]Meghan Markle fans rage at 'copycat' Kate as Duchess accused of mimicking sister-in-law [UPDATE] Username RandBracks said: “Prince William and Catherine have beautiful children, I would like to see Catherine have two more children. They are both excellent parents.” While username ReallyAmazed wrote: “I personally would love it if they have two more babies! They are very good parents.” And username The Countess said: “Why shouldn’t William and Kate have four children they can afford to look after them.” Others noted that the couple have previously stated that they did not want more children. Username Caliban said: “The Duchess of Cambridge has already said that William doesn't want any more children.” And username In Constantia wrote: “We are told that William is reluctant to have any more children, however…I won’t be surprised if she persuaded him that four is the perfect family.” Regarding the environmental impact of a fourth child, username SaraMay wrote: “I don't think William is that foolish especially after claiming he cares about the environment.”