The report said Chinese officials told senior Russian officials in early February not to invade Ukraine before the end of the Winter Olympics, being held in Beijing. The claims, reported by the New York Times, originated from senior Biden officials and a European official. China has denied the claims, with Liu Pengyu, a spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in Washington, saying: ”The claims mentioned in the relevant reports are speculations without any basis, and are intended to blame-shift and smear China.” Express.co.uk readers blasted China, hitting out Jinping for being in "cahoots" with Russia. One reader, bryyork, wrote: "It’s pretty obvious that a communist dictatorship like China will be in cahoots with Russian. "The Chinese Government will always lie to the free world. "Any condemnation of the Russian Ukraine invasion is just another deception on their part." Another reader, nicknamed Freedom22, said the two leaders are "both as wicked and power-hungry as each other!" Anharod added: "Evil pair together!" While Sprulces wrote: "These dictators know no reason and are evil minded." READ MORE: Russian and Belarussian athletes BANNED from Paralympics But they also hit out at EU nations for continuing to buy oil and gas from Russia, saying: "When EU nations were advised to stop buying gas and oil from Russia they ignored that advice. "They have indirectly built up Putin's war chest to attack them with. "The same applies to China, if the West don't stop buying their tat they will do the exact same thing as Russia is doing now." Another user agreed, hitting out at the United States specifically, saying: "Of course he did, now watch China take Taiwan. DON'T MISS: Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [REVEAL] Putin 'emboldened' to invade Ukraine by 'gamechanging' China alliance [ANALYSIS] Ukraine battlefield 'transformed' by 2,000 British anti-tank weapons [REPORT] "Both countries know there is a fake cabbage in the White House and the EU are not going to rock the boat. "It is a complete free for all with Biden in charge. "They watched the botched withdrawal of Afghanistan and waited for their opportunity to attack." In spite of the report about Chinese officials having knowledge of the invasion, they have since expressed concern about recent events. China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi told his Ukrainian counterpart Dmytro Kuleba on a call earlier this week that China wanted to see a resolution through negotiation, according to Chinese state media. He also said that China was "paying extreme attention to the harm suffered by civilians". Mr Yi added that he "laments" the outbreak of conflict. On the same call, Mr Kuleba reportedly "asked for help in finding a diplomatic solution". However, Chinese officials have failed to fully condemn the invasion and have expressed opposition to Western sanctions on Russia.