A number of factors have contributed to the rising fuel prices including a general increase in the cost of living and most importantly the Russian invasion of Ukraine. According to new data from petrolprices.com, the average price of diesel across the UK is 169.75p per litre, with average petrol costs setting drivers back 160.65p per litre. Diesel prices topped 195p in Gloucestershire with one forecourt reaching 195.9p, with an average 55-litre tank setting drivers back a whopping £107. Wimborne and Ashbourne had the second highest diesel price in the UK yesterday, with costs hitting 193.9p per litre. Unleaded prices also hit a grim milestone with one Canterbury filling station setting their price at 182.9p per litre, with Bicester and Romford both seeing prices top 179p a litre. Global oil prices are also having a huge impact on fuel prices in the UK, with drivers urging Chancellor Rishi Sunak to cut VAT on petrol to ease pressure on households and businesses. READ MORE: Road pricing is 'fairest solution' as Sadiq Khan backs future use VAT makes up 16 percent of the price of fuel, with estimates showing a five percent cut would reduce the cost per litre by around 6p. Many have been calling on the Chancellor to slash fuel duty or VAT rates with many looking towards his Spring Statement. On March 23, the Chancellor will make a statement about any potential changes which might be introduced in a bid to reduce pressure on drivers. Over 200,000 drivers used the petrolprices.com price finder tool on Friday, with drivers searching for the cheapest fuel near them. DON'T MISSPrivacy fears as digital number plates set to launch in the UK [WARNING]Classic Cars should be ‘taxed on usage’ with pay per mile fee [INSIGHT]How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water [ANALYSIS] The platform has seen a 770 percent increase in new users registering, with the service having to quadruple the size of its server to cope with the demand from UK drivers. The highest level of demand has been seen in Belfast, Birmingham, Sheffield, Guildford and Reading. Over the last week, the mobile app and website have exceeded 150,000 users every day. One anonymous user said: “194ppl for diesel, are you having a laugh? “We need to make a stand and avoid these prices”. Another user said: “With the cost of living crisis, using your app has helped me find a station on route 4ppl cheaper than where I usually fill.” Hundreds of drivers have called on the Government to intervene to help ease pressure on drivers, by calling on retailers to lower prices or reduce fuel duty. Earlier this week, the Irish Government agreed to slash excise duty on petrol, with ministers announcing a 20 cent (17p) cut in tax on unleaded petrol. A further tax cut of 15 cents (13p) was granted on diesel and two cents (1.7p) on agricultural diesel, with these changes expected to remain in place until the end of August. The finance minister, Paschal Donohoe, said: “We are experiencing the consequences of a war. “The Government is acting now, with this excise measure in response to price rises that we have seen today but also in anticipation of further rises that we do expect to see over the short to medium term.” Record petrol and diesel prices have been seen around the world, with drivers in Australia, the USA and Brazil all demanding a reduction in prices.