His funeral at Windsor was conducted nearly a year ago under strict Covid rules but this time 1,800 people, many with personal stories of how Prince Philip enriched their lives, assembled at Westminster Abbey. There was deep gladness that the Queen was well enough to join this celebration of her husband and loyal companion whom she adored right until the end. The nation is still to come to terms with his passing, and the Queen more than anyone must feel the absence of the man she described as her “strength and stay”. She understands that simple gestures can convey powerful messages. Her decision to travel from Windsor Castle with Prince Andrew, and for him to walk her to her seat, gave the world an insight into this mother’s care for her son. The Prince earlier this year agreed to pay a financial settlement to end the sexual assault civil case brought by Virginia Giuffre. He vehemently denied the accusations but lost his military titles and royal patronages, and he was widely condemned for poor judgment in fraternising with wealthy sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Yesterday, it was almost as if the Queen was escorting him down the aisle of the abbey. She made it clear to a global audience that despite the trauma he has brought on the monarchy she has no intention of casting him adrift. Throughout her reign she has taken every decision in the best interests of the nation and the Crown. Her lifetime of selfless service means she is fully entitled to act in accordance with what she thinks is the right thing to do. Royals young and old, like so many of us, miss the presence of the Duke of Edinburgh at the heart of our national life. But yesterday’s thanksgiving service for a “long life fully lived” demonstrated that he has inspired generations of people to embrace opportunities for adventure and find meaning by serving others. RUSSIA’S statement that it will “drastically reduce combat operations” around Kyiv and Chernihiv raises a glimmer of hope that this ghastly conflict could be entering its final chapters. Downing Street sounded a cautionary note, saying that “Putin is twisting the knife in the open wound of Ukraine in an attempt to force the country and its allies to capitulate”. Vladimir Putin’s regime must be punished for the horrors it has inflicted. We wish the Ukrainian delegation at the talks in Turkey every success in winning a just settlement that secures the return of peace and democracy.