The Queen missed the annual Commonwealth Day service with senior royals and instead be represented by the Prince of Wales on Monday. The head of state, who has recently recovered from a bout of Covid, hoped to join Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at the important occasion in the royal calendar. Charles had been asked to stand in for the Queen at Westminster Abbey. Speaking on the Jeremy Vine show, radio host Cristo Foufa gave insight into what he thought was happening. Mr Vine said: "Now the question Cristo is with Philip gone, who throws the towel in?" Mr Foufas said: "Not her because to her or anyone else around her she would not accept it.  "To her being Queen is the ultimate duty that she made the promise to do the day she is no longer with us. JUST IN: Putin braces for coup as 'disgruntled' top Russian generals turn on Kremlin chief     Mr Foufas added: "I think we are now entering a period where what we're getting the Queen on the most rarest of occasions and she's going to make herself as healthy as possible for those rare occasions. "We're also being in a sense groomed for seeing more of Charles because we are going to end up with Charles." Prince Charles reportedly wants to make changes to the Monarchy, one of the changes may possibly begin with a "slim down" when he takes the throne after his mother. Jonathan Sacerdoti told the Mirror: "I think when Charles takes to the throne we will see the emphasis put on those who command absolute respect.   READ MORE: Prince Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim     "The demands of responsibility and certain behaviours that are needed will be at the forefront - simply, you must be totally reliable". Mr Sacerdoti added: "It is well known that Charles wants to stamp his mark and in modern times, don't be surprised to see changes made." He added "The core will be there, and Prince George will join in time - I think that is clear. "But it’s always been speculated that Charles when he eventually takes over, will want to slim down the working royals at the heart of the family. "It will be about commanding respect. I think he is looking forward to being King."  We can expect to see more public appearances from the Prince of Wales, as he takes more responsibility in preparation for his future role as King. A spokesperson for Buckingham Palace said: “After discussing the arrangements with the royal household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. “The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences in the week ahead.” And yesterday Brits were happy to see the Queen meet with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at Windsor. This was the Queen's first in-person meeting since recovering from Covid-19.