The warning from the International Energy Agency (IEA) comes as it is estimated that a one degree reduction could reduce Europe’s gas consumption by 10 billion cubic metres a year.  Fatih Birol, the IEA’s executive director, said Russia was using its natural resources for political purposes, according to The Telegraph.  He said: "Nobody is under any illusions anymore. “Russia’s use of its natural gas resources as an economic and political weapon show Europe needs quickly to be ready to face considerable uncertainty over Russian gas supplies next winter.” The Kremlin’s invasion of Ukraine has forced Europe to rethink its dependence on Russia for energy. Currently, Europe gets around 40 percent of its gas from Russia.   The Czech Republic, Latvia, North Macedonia and Moldova get all their supplies from Russia. This effectively means that the continent continues to fund Vladimir Putin’s government even though it is trying to cripple the Russian economy through sanctions. Sanctions could be applied to energy exports from Russia. The Kremlin may respond by cutting off energy supplies. READ MORE: Andrew Neil on EXACTLY why Putin's tanks are 'waiting' outside Kyiv Moscow has already been accused of contributing to a surge in wholesale gas prices this year by restricting supplies to Europe. In a statement, the IEA outlined a 10 point plan to reduce the EU’s energy dependence on the Kremlin. These include replacing gas boilers with heat pumps, developing more wind and solar projects as well as adjusting thermostats. They said: “Many European citizens have already responded to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in various ways, via donations or in some cases by directly assisting refugees from Ukraine. DON'T MISS:  Russian losses: The REAL stats as Ukraine figures show heavy damage [REVEAL] Russian businessman places $1m bounty on Putin [INSIGHT] Russian soldiers head home on foot en masse [SPOTLIGHT]  “Adjusting heating controls in Europe’s gas-heated buildings would be another avenue for temporary action, saving considerable amounts of energy. “The average temperature for buildings’ heating across the EU at present is above 22°C. “Adjusting the thermostat for buildings’ heating would deliver immediate annual energy savings of around 10bn cubic metres for each degree of reduction while also bringing down energy bills.” 