Mark Labbett, 56, has shed an impressive ten stone in recent years thanks to a healthy diet and exercise regime. But despite the incredible transformation, Mark confirmed that The Chase’s writers will not scrap jokes alluding to his body size. He did so while revealing his “happiness” after having bought size 42” jeans. Mark shared the good news in view of his 158,000 Twitter followers. He wrote: “Happiness is buying a 42” M&S regular black jeans….and finding they are a bit loose :) “Last time I was this small it was the 1990s #skinnybeast.” But one concerned viewer responded to the post saying she hoped the “fat jokes” would now stop. Nikachu89x typed: “Hopefully this means Brad stops with the fat jokes they got old real quick. “Even if you think they're funny I cringe every time.” Mark responded explaining that the joke writers said scrapping the “fat-shaming” would make their job harder. He said: “The jokewriters openly admit they won’t stop with the fat shaming because it makes their job much harder :(“ Regardless of the show’s jokes, some fans rushed to the social media platform to compliment Mark on his outstanding achievement. Purdie_michelle penned: “Well done Mark what an achievement. Was in M&S myself yesterday buying T-shirts in a size 12. “8st lighter and no longer as size 22-24. DON'T MISS...‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] “It’s been a long road and three operations but I feel great. “The joke writers for the chase need to do one! Take care x” Patrici24744309 added: “Not to mention a chiseled jawline, (which you now possess), is considered universally attractive, and more masculine. “Easy to see the difference when watching the old episodes, how far you've come. Well done!” JamieBroussard9 stated: “So happy you made the commitment to care for yourself!!!!! “We all want you to be around for a very long time!!! “Just remember this, nothing sexier than a smart man that loves himself enough to prioritize his health.” Chizzyakudolu said: “What a feeling eh!? Good on ya Mark.”