The claim comes as the Government admitted to not keeping track of how long truckers are stuck in queues at the Kent port. Hauliers bound for Europe have endured intermittent traffic jams since the UK left the European Union and border checks were introduced. Political opponents of the Prime Minister are demanding that he deal with concerns about red tape. Rod McKenzie, Executive Director of Policy and Public Affairs at The Road Haulage Association, told Express.co.uk: "I describe the situation at Dover as the new normal." "When we left the European Union, we said goodbye to free-flowing trade between the relevant countries. It is inevitably the case, therefore, that there will be border checks and border delays." Roads at Dover have suffered from significant clogging since January with Highways England reporting queues of up to six miles (10 km). Customs controls launched on January 1 saw the end of a grace period for outbound exporters which allowed them to complete paperwork in the 60 days following departure from Dover.  Regulations now require them to complete it first, leading to additional queues. Mr McKenzie said: "The problem with Dover is it's a very small area. All the lorries funnel into it from surrounding roads. Congestion is a very big problem." "What we've got is a situation where delays at the port are common. They are not inevitable, but they are common." He said delays can last up to two hours or more, adding: "People that use the port have got used to it." Mr McKenzie warned that there could be further friction at the border with more measures due to come in over the summer.  READ MORE ABOUT RISHI SUNAK'S 'STEALTH' TAX Ministers said they have not monitored the length of delays and data collected by port authorities cannot be shared with them for security reasons. The Independent reported Parliamentary Undersecretary of State for Transport Robert Court as saying: "The Department does not hold data on the length of time spent by hauliers waiting to board a ferry at Dover. "The Port of Dover operates a 'turn-up-and-go service' meaning HGVs will be placed on to the first available ferry when they arrive at the Port. "There may be an occasion when hauliers have to wait which may be due to peak periods of traffic at the port." A Department for Transport spokesperson added that, for security purposes, all data on waiting times is held centrally by the ports and it is at their discretion to publish that information.  DON'T MISS: Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe touches down on British soil [REPORT] Peston: Sajid Javid vows full access to NHS for Ukraine refugees [REVEALED] Girl 'desperate to make friends' is rejected by every school in area [LATEST] They told The Independent: "We work closely with the Kent Resilience Forum on its traffic management plans to ensure waiting times are kept to a minimum and that any delays are communicated to hauliers via the appropriate channels." Mr McKenzie said that it is in the interests of the Port of Dover to ensure reasonably fast flowing traffic and to analyse what might be going wrong, but it could be argued that is not a job for Government. He added: "It's difficult to see a solution because we've got a trade agreement with the EU. None of this [situation] comes as a surprise. This is what we signed up to." Layla Moran, the Liberal Democrat's spokesperson for Europe, described the situation as absurd and called on the Government to get a grip.   She said: "At a time when people up and down the country are caught in a cost-of-living crisis, the Conservatives should be making trade easier." "Instead, businesses are tangled up in red tape and lorries are stuck in tailbacks, including those carrying vital aid to Ukraine." "We’re in the absurd situation where astronauts in outer space appear to know more about the length of the Dover tailbacks than our own government does." "It’s about time ministers got a handle on the length of the lorry queues in Dover. The Conservatives must bring forward waiting time standards and publish regular figures so we can hold them to account. If the government has nothing to hide, they will have nothing to fear." On the impact of delays, Mr McKenzie said: "It's miserable. Everyone knows it's miserable being stuck in a traffic jam at the best of times, but if you're a professional driver, day in, day out, being stuck for hours, it's incredibly frustrating."  "And it's not good for business - it adds to costs and doesn't ensure the free flow of trade." The RHA is also urging people in the commercial vehicle sector to get behind its campaign to improve facilities for drivers. It estimates a shortfall of 11,000 lorry parking spaces nationally with commercial vehicle drivers left without somewhere secure to eat, sleep and access toilets. Richard Smith, RHA Managing Director, said in a statement: "Commercial vehicle drivers continue to put up with poor facilities out on the road and it’s just not good enough. "People at work should feel safe and respected. Our drivers expect better and deserve better." 