Ukrainian President Voloydymyr Zelensky has called on foreign volunteers to help the country defeat the Russian military after the Kremlin launched its invasion of Ukraine on February 24. A marksman, known only by his nickname 'Wali', has answered the call after serving in the Royal Canadian 22nd Regiment.  The marksman fought in Afghanistan's Kandahar province between 2009 and 2011. He also travelled to Iraq in 2015 to help fight Islamic State and until last week was working as a computer programmer. 'Wali' was reportedly contacted by a friend who had been hoping to arrange "neutral humanitarian aid convoys" into the eastern Donbas region of Ukraine. He described the moment he took the call to join the Ukrainian volunteer forces as like a "firefighter who hears the alarm ringing."  'Wali' told CBC News that he was going to Ukraine for "humanitarian reasons". He said: "A week ago, I was still programming stuff. Now I'm grabbing anti-tank missiles in a warehouse to kill people... That's my reality right now. "I know it's just awful, but me, in my head, when I see images of destruction in Ukraine, it is my son that I see, in danger and who is suffering. "I want to help them. It's as simple as that. READ MORE: Putin's 'ONLY' Achilles' heel exposed as 'schism' poses 'threat'  "When I see a destroyed building, it is the person who owns it, who sees his pension fund go up in smoke, that I see. "I have to help because there are people here being bombarded just because they want to be European and not Russian. "I'm going there for humanitarian reasons." He leaves behind his wife, whose identity is being protected for security reasons, and a one-year-old son. DON'T MISS:  Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [REVEAL] Ukraine LIVE: Putin gloats as Russian army uses horrific 'vacuum bombs [INSIGHT] 'Russia is rattled!' Kremlin rocked by Boris Johnson's Ukraine support [SPOTLIGHT]   'Wali' was met by Ukrainians with hugs and handshakes when he arrived last Friday alongside three other former Canadian soldiers. They are sheltering in an abandoned home and plan to link up with the Ukrainian defence forces soon. More than 20,000 people from 52 countries have already volunteered to fight Russian forces and will join an international legion created by the Ukrainian government. 