Manchester United players have been questioning Harry Maguire’s selection behind the scenes at Old Trafford, according to reports. The England international has struggled for consistency under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick this term. And players are privately unhappy with the 28-year-old continuing to keep his place in the side. Manchester United believed Maguire would be a world-class recruit when they paid £80million to sign him from Leicester back in the summer transfer window of 2019. But the England international has blown hot and cold ever since, especially after being given the club's captaincy by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in January 2020. Maguire is currently in the spotlight amid his consistency issues and, now, the Times have claimed players within the squad are questioning his status as an undroppable. Under Solskjaer, he played every match he was available for. And Rangnick has also been hesitant to take the 28-year-old out of the team, despite Victor Lindelof and Raphael Varane showing signs of a promising partnership. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz According to the publication, United squad members have 'aired grievances' over Maguire's displays among themselves at the club's Carrington training complex. They feel some of his performances in recent weeks 'did not meet the club's standards'. Maguire only just returned from a rib injury last month and, though he impressed against West Ham, has endured tough outings against the likes of Southampton and Atletico Madrid in the time since. Rangnick has previously ruled out stripping him of the club's captaincy amid suggests Cristiano Ronaldo feels he should be wearing the armband instead. Yet patience behind the scenes, it seems, is starting to wear thin. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United are next in action against Manchester City on Sunday. It's a game with plenty of significance, especially with Rangnick's side pushing to qualify for next season's Champions League. But it's currently unclear if Maguire will get the nod at centre-back or if Lindelof will partner Varane at the back instead. United are being linked with several players amid Maguire's poor form, ranging from Chelsea's Antonio Rudiger to Borussia Dortmund's Manuel Akanji. Yet whether he can earn back the respect of his team-mates is something only time will tell. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, regarding Maguire, Paul Parker thinks the 28-year-old may be sold at the end of the season. "If United, in my opinion, were to get somewhere near to their money back on Harry Maguire, I think they'll have to think about it," he told Express Sport. "I think [Victor] Lindelof and [Raphael] Varane, you know, they could build something on there maybe, in a mode of what they're looking for and where the club wants to be. "You're talking about players who are definitely more agile, a little bit quicker, better defenders in one against one situations and I think you have to look at it that way. "I don't know if it's going to happen. “Me, personally, for United to go forward, that's the starting area. "But again the same old scenario - you don't want the manager coming in and all of a sudden, he comes in, he wants to do stuff and then he stops, the people above stop him from doing what he wants to do and then United go through the same stories." Maguire is yet to win a trophy with United. But helping his side to victory against City could see him endear himself to fans again. United lost 2-0 in the same fixture at Old Trafford earlier in the campaign.