Comedian Chris Rock was presenting the award for best documentary at the Oscars when he suggested that Jada Pinkett-Smith, Will Smith's wife, looked like ‘GI Jane’. He said: "Jada, can't wait for GI Jane 2," in a reference to her shaved head. The actress has openly spoken about her battle with alopecia. After the joke, Will Smith, 53, stormed onto the stage and slapped Rock. The actor then shouted: "Keep my wife's name out of your f****** mouth." He later apologised saying: "I want to apologise to the Academy. "I want to apologise to my fellow nominees. This is a beautiful moment. READ MORE: Princess Anne 'very hands-on' with Zara - now royal copies her “Thank you for this honour, thank you for this moment and thank you on behalf of the entire Williams family… "I hope the Academy invites me back." Will Smith won the Oscar for best actor for his performance in the film King Richard. According to Celebrity Net Worth, the star has an estimated fortune of £267million.  Will Smith is one of the most famous actors in the world and considered by many an American cultural icon. He made his TV debut with the series The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air when he was 22 years old. Smith continued his career as a rapper with the duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince. He has appeared in at least 66 films, including Men in Black and I Am Legend, which have grossed over £7million, according to IMDB. The actor and his wife Jada also own many properties around the world reportedly valued at £76million. He recently sold his mansion in Kauai, Hawaii, for £15million and one of the most expensive properties they own is their £32million Calabasas home, in California. The actor released his memoir Will last year, available on Amazon for £7.50. Will Smith married actress Jada Pinkett-Smith in 1997. Jada's net worth is estimated at £38million, according to Celebrity Net Worth. The actress started her career in 1991 with the sitcom A Different World. As for comedian Chris Rock, he has an estimated net worth of £46million, Celebrity Net Worth reported. It is unknown how much he was paid to present the Oscars 2022 ceremony, but it is believed to be around £11,400, as Jimmy Kimmel reported a few years ago.