While Moscow's invasion of Ukraine has had some limited success in the south of the country, attempts to take the capital have stalled. Western officials say "poor planning and poor execution" has embarrassed President Putin, with dozens of armoured vehicles stuck unable to reach the capital. Russia's invasion of its European neighbour began last Thursday with the Kremlin certain it would seize control of Ukraine in a matter of days. However, more than a week later Ukraine remains in charge of Kyiv with little progress made in recent days by Russian forces on their advance on the capital city. A Western official said: "You've got now in effect and enormously large traffic jam with some vehicles that have been damaged or destroyed and you've got a real problem in passing logistics forward to enable that force to move at pace. "And that force has really not made any significant progress now for a number of days. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "If you're looking for the highlight example of poor planning and poor execution, that convoy sat where it is a really good example of how the Russian forces are not performing in the way they believed they would." The huge military presence's progress is being tracked via satellite images. As many as 15,000 troops are estimated to be stuck in the convoy, with advancements stalling due to vehicles running out of gas or struggling to make it along areas of roads that have been targeted in attacks. "That convoy has been attacked on a number of occasions by Ukraine with their limited assets to be able to strike more deeply. "That's had an impact on that convoy," an official said. "You've got a convoy that has got enormous logistics challenges. DON'T MISS:Hundreds of German missiles given to Ukraine 'do not work' [INSIGHT]Putin outsmarted as BBC issues update on how to scupper ban [UPDATE]Europe warned buying Russian gas is 'killing Ukraine's children' [REACTION] "It's also got some mobility challenges because the impact of using explosives to demolish bridges has meant that that force has not had the engineering mobility capability to maintain the pace." The invaders have faced far greater resistance they prepared for, suffering significant losses to both personnel and military equipment. Russia has admitted to about 500 of its troops dying in the assault on Ukraine so far, although it is thought the true figure could be ten times that. However, with the military operation going so badly, there is evidence Putin is opting for increasingly drastic measures. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned today: "We have seen the use of cluster bombs and we have seen reports of use of other types of weapons which would be in violation of international law." Meanwhile, overnight Russian forces shelled a nuclear power station in south-eastern Ukraine. The attack on the biggest nuclear plant in Europe in the city of Zaporizhzhia continued even as emergency services tried to put out the resulting fire. A breach of the facility could release higher radiation levels than those seen after the world's worst nuclear accident at Ukraine's Chernobyl in 1986, although no such radiation leak has been seen so far.