Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp will be delighted with his side's season so far as they remain in the hunt for the first ever quadruple in English football. However, not a man intent on resting, Klopp will be scrutinising everything he can do differently in order to achieve the incredible feat. Express Sport takes a look at four problems he can solve in the international break.  Centre-back debate... Liverpool's success can be put down to Virgil van Dijk's efforts at the heart of their defence. But the main question that continues to dominate their defensive department is who partners the towering Dutchman. In their 2019-20 season, Joe Gomez was the man who marshalled the defence alongside Van Dijk as Liverpool won their first top-flight title for 30 years. His poor form allowed Joel Matip to step in, and the Cameroonian star has been the man for the job for the last year-and-a-half. Yet even on their unstoppable run this season, summer signing Ibrahima Konate has been imperious and seriously impressed in the Champions League double header against Inter Milan. Klopp has a lot of decisions to make if the club are to go ahead in their search for the quadruple. READ MORE: Arsenal icon Keown warns Arteta with surprising Tottenham prediction   Elliott's return? Harvey Elliott's horror injury against Leeds in September gave real concern over whether he would be ready to come back this season in his bid to compete amongst the world's best stars in the Liverpool starting XI. He made his return in the 3-1 FA Cup win over Cardiff, and marked the occasion with a goal. But the London-born youngster has made just 31 minutes of Premier League football since his injury, and hasn't featured in any of the last six games in the league. Now the focus turns to giving the youngster more game time in the hope of progressing his career ahead of the decline ageing Jordan Henderson and James Milner. Mane/Diaz debate... Luis Diaz has arguably been Liverpool's best attacker since his arrival, with Mohamed Salah uncharacteristically only managing one goal in his last five games in all competitions. With Sadio Mane's left-wing spot being jeopardised by the Colombian's arrival, and Diogo Jota cementing his spot in the starting XI as the team's first-choice striker, Diaz has a clear run at the side if he can nail down the first-team spot. And his impressive performances so far could force Mane out of the side. Salah's contract renewal? This is by far the biggest issue that needs to be solved. Salah has been tipped with a move away from the club despite his intentions to stay on Merseyside. A deal has yet to be agreed between the Reds and the Premier League's current top scorer, with a plan to renew his current deal still a long way off, according to reports. And if they are to keep the league's most dangerous player, Liverpool must see to his contract before the former Roma star gets cold feet. 