Kim Fox (played by Tameka Empson) has been focused on her daughter Pearl’s education since confirmation her estranged husband Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood) is dead. Howie Danes (Delroy Atkinson) has proven to be an invaluable help to Kim and EastEnders fans will know he’s harbouring a crush on the influencer. But, when she continues to rebuff his advances, will he move on with someone else? Howie has become a close friend of Kim’s over recent weeks as she tries her hardest to keep Pearl at her private school. The fees were originally paid by Denise Fox (Diane Parish) with Phil Mitchell’s (Steve McFadden) money. When the truth came out about his involvement in Vincent’s death, Kim was left demanding justice for her husband but a consequence of her quest was Pearl’s fees no longer being paid. The influencer was luckily told by the school’s headteacher Pearl could qualify for a scholarship and Howie has been helping Kim with the application. In upcoming scenes, Kim is thrilled to find out her application video worked. Read more: Emmerdale's Tracy Metcalfe star speaks out on return to ITV soap Pearl receives an interview for a scholarship and the proud mum can’t profess her love for her daughter enough. Kim asks Isaac Baptise (Stevie Basaula), Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) and Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) to watch her and Pearl prepare for the interview. Howie joins in and is forced to come clean to Kim about the video entry. He admits he switched Kim’s video for a clip he filmed of Pearl describing what she loves about her school. Howie explains to the family he wanted to accurately showcase Pearl’s talents. Kim is furious with Howie and snaps with him in front of her family. She sends Howie away and vents to her family about his actions. However, will they agree with the mum-of-two or side with Howie? As the interview for Pearl’s scholarship nears closer, will Kim reach out to Howie and apologise for losing her temper? EastEnders fans will remember Patrick realised a while back that Howie has a crush on Kim. DON'T MISSEastEnders theory: Agony as Bernie flees with baby [THEORY]EastEnders theory: Kat and Tommy Slater go on the run after stabbing? [INSIGHT]EastEnders exit for Isaac Baptiste as he leaves Albert Square [SPOILER] The mum dismissed Patrick’s comments and inadvertently shut down her new friend when he tried to be honest about his feelings. Will Howie continue to hold a torch for Kim or will her outburst lead him to think she’ll never be interested in him? The children’s entertainer may feel he has no chance with Kim and look for romance elsewhere. However, Kim may finally realise how much her new friend means to her if Pearl is accepted for the scholarship. When she calms down she could decide she wants to give a romance with Howie a try. But, the influencer may be too late as he finds comfort with another Walford resident instead. Meanwhile, Isaac has a huge decision to make after learning his mum Sheree Trueman (Suzette Llewellyn) has fallen ill. She asks her son to stay with her in Trinidad and help her get back on her feet. However, Kim, Denise and Patrick are concerned Sheree is using her illness as an opportunity to manipulate her son. Will Isaac leave Walford to help his mum and return home or will he stay away for good? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.