I got all that, of course, along with tremendous warmth and hospitality. But I also got pure brawn. One or two of them looked like they kick-boxed in their down time, or competed in ironman triathlons. Hard as nails they were, with a steely look in their eyes said “don’t mess with us”.   Well, I wasn’t going to mess with them. I was there to do some communication training, that’s all. But what they gave me was far more impressive: the certainty that Ukraine means business. With people like that surrounding Zelensky, protecting and advising him, it is zero surprise to me that Russia is getting an almighty bloody nose. Nor is it any surprise that Russia has lost as many soldiers in a month of fighting in Ukraine as in the whole decade of war in Afghanistan. Nor that Zelensky is praised throughout the world for his inspired leadership. Zelensky’s warm, sophisticated, welcoming, yet tough, muscly, steely advisors are a snapshot of the country as a whole. These people are used to hardship. Seven million perished in the second world war, as Hitler’s tanks bulldozed towards Moscow. Estimates vary as to how many Stalin killed in the Holodomor (genocidal famine) and other purges, but it could well have been a further ten million. All of it within living memory. The lesson? Ukraine is not easily intimidated. But that seems a surprise to some. Take Boris Johnson, who said yesterday: “The huge fact that the world now knows is that the Ukrainian people will fight for their country. They believe in their country. They love their country. They’re going to defend it. That was something we didn’t really know a month ago.” Well, I’m sorry, but anyone who’s visited Ukraine and taken a bit of notice did know that a month ago. And you don’t have to meet presidential advisors. Just ask ordinary people on the street. Just look at the stalls selling loo rolls with Putin’s face on them. Just ask people what they plan to do if Russian tanks come to their town or city. I promise, you wouldn’t want to be on the receiving end.  Last week we read reports from Western ‘experts’ that Ukraine was about to sue for peace. We were told that Zelensky had deliberately asked the West for something it couldn't agree to (a no-fly-zone over), so he could declare NATO not worth joining. We were told this was a clever way of agreeing a settlement, and that the eastern territories would be offered to Putin as a bargaining chip. Sue for peace? Give up the eastern territories? Accept the loss of Crimea? Not in a thousand years. The Ukrainians would rather fight to the last man and woman. And if that’s an inconvenience for the West, we’d better get used to it. I’ve spoken to senior Ukrainian officials over the last few days, and the message is clear: there will be no face-saving deal for Putin. Western experts who look at Ukraine merely as a piece of a jigsaw to be moved around by the great powers have simply got it wrong. Just as with the Soviet war in Afghanistan, the only way this conflict in Ukraine will end is with Russian surrender, even if it takes a decade. The Ukrainians will fight until Russia withdraws from all occupied territories and commits to reparations. If Boris Johnson was surprised by the scale of Ukrainian defiance, so was Russia. Day by day it’s becoming obvious that Putin hugely underestimated the character and resolve of the Ukrainian people, exemplified by Zelensky and his team. What an idiot. How arrogant and presumptuous. Well, thousands of Russia’s sons, husbands and fathers are now paying for that delusional miscalculation with their lives. *Robert Taylor is a journalist and communications advisor. 