Ukrainian UFC star Maryna Moroz delivered an X-rated message to Russian president Vladimir Putin ahead of her fight with Mariya Agapova on Saturday night. And she paid tribute to her country after winning the contest. “F**k you, bitch,” Moroz said before her fight got underway in a swipe aimed at Putin. “I love my country. Don't touch Ukraine!” Moroz used a magnificent arm-triangle choke to force her opponent into submission during the second round of their showdown in Las Vegas. And the 30-year-old struggled to hold back the tears following her triumph. The fighter, who had won her last two contests, was furious about the events unfolding in her homeland. “My family is in Ukraine,” Moroz said after being handed the microphone by Joe Rogan. “I had a hard week. I worried, I cried, because my family is right now in a bad situation.  “Thank you to everyone who messaged me, because this week was hard for me. I want to cry because of this war my country is in. “It's a hard time for Ukraine. I want to support my country, my president, whole army in Ukraine, and I want to say we don't want war. I worry about my family right now.” Putin took the deadly decision to shatter peace in Europe and invade Ukraine last month by land, air and sea. And Russian forces are now wreaking devastation in their neighbouring country.   Kharkiv and Kyiv in the north of Ukraine and Mariupol in the south have been targeted, with the cities coming under constant attack. Women and children have been forced to flee as neighbourhoods are turned into battlegrounds. And historic buildings as well as businesses, homes and schools are all at threat of destruction. Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelenskiy has spoken to his US equivalent Joe Biden to discuss ongoing sanction efforts and US military support. And UK prime minister Boris Johnson has issued a six-point plan in response to Russia’s actions and is imploring other leaders to support it.   Meanwhile, the International Monetary Fund has confirmed that it could hand Ukraine over £1billion of emergency funding as early as next week to help the country. A whole host of Ukrainian sports stars have spoken out to condemn the attack on their country, including boxers Oleksandr Usyk and the Klitschko brothers. “I don't want to shoot, I don't want to kill,” Usyk told CNN from the basement of his home after returning to Ukraine following the invasion. But the 35-year-old admitted he may have “no choice.” 