Fans unleashed their fury as the lead actress in Steven Spielberg's Broadway adaptation revealed she didn’t receive an invite to the Oscars ceremony 2022. Rachel Zelger, who made her debut as Maria in the film, said she won't be in attendance at the star-studded event. The 20-year-old appeared to have been snubbed, as the actress said she would "cheer West Side Story" from the couch. She made the startling announcement on Instagram over the weekend when a fan suggested they couldn't wait to see her red carpet outfit for the 94th edition of the annual Academy Awards. After Rachel posted a series of photos, in view of her 589,000 followers on Instagram, social media user Cubs Fan wrote: "Can’t wait to see what you’ll be wearing on Oscar night." The on-screen star replied: "@cubsfan326 I'm not invited so sweatpants and my boyfriend's flannel." READ MORE: Nick Knowles' brutal dig at Max Verstappen after F1 'tantrum' The West Side Story actor was swiftly inundated with messages as fans shared their disappointment over the news. Hayley Rod asked: "Girl how? What a joke?" New Berth commented: "Not invited?... @theacademy step up to the mic? How’s the leading actress of a movie that’s up for seven Academy Awards not invited? How does that make any sense???" Rosie Sunny Days remarked: "@rachelzegler noooo! My little girl was really looking forward to seeing what you were going to wear. She's having a west side story birthday this year so the Oscars may not want you but you will always have a fan here in England."  Rachel took the opportunity to explain further and added that she too was "disappointed". She penned: "IDK y’all I have tried it all but it doesn’t seem to be happening. "I will root for west side story from my couch and be proud of the work we so tirelessly did 3 years ago. I hope some last minute miracle occurs and I can celebrate our film in person but hey, that’s how it goes sometimes, I guess. "Thanks for all the shock and outrage— I’m disappointed, too. but that’s okay. So proud of our movie." DON'T MISS... Chris Evans details 'bump in the road' as he shares family rule[LATEST]Vernon Kay dedicates wife Tess Daly's nude music video song to her[ADMISSION]'He abandoned us' Strictly's Karen Hauer breaks silence on separation[EXCLUSIVE] Her admission comes as co-star Ariana DeBose goes into the event as favourite to win Best Supporting Actress, while the film's director Steven Spielberg is in the running for Best Director. In addition, West Side Story has been nominated in the category for Best Picture. The official list of attendees hasn't actually been released by the Academy, so Rachel could yet see her name appear. Express.co.uk has contacted the Oscar Academy representatives for comment. Born to an American father and Colombian mother, Rachel became the first Latina actress to win the Golden Globe award for Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical, for her performance in West Side Story. She is also the youngest ever winner in that category. The Oscars has been tipped to see Prince Harry and Meghan Markle dish out an award at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood next Sunday. It is suggested the couple will announce the winner of the Best Picture Award – which is the top prize of the night. 