Gardening can be done all year round, and spring is a particularly busy season for everything from pruning, to planting. As the first month of the season draws to a close, there’s plenty to get done before the end of March, but what should you be focusing on? Express.co.uk spoke to resident gardener William Mitchel at Sutton Manor Nursery, to find out the key jobs to get done in your garden this weekend. The month is wrapping up but there are some last-minute jobs that gardeners across the country should be looking to tick off their to-do lists. With the summertime preparations underway, the early weeks of spring are a busy time for pruning, planting and essential garden maintenance - and time is running out to get some of these key tasks done. Whether you have jam-packed borders to tend to or your lawn is looking worse for wear, William Mitchel, resident gardener at Sutton Manor Nursery has revealed the most timely jobs to focus on this weekend. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home    The seasonal transition has finally taken place, with much of the UK noticing that “spring has sprung” in their garden. While bright flowers and luminous foliage play a key role in the aesthetic of your outdoor space, a neglected lawn can quickly make your garden look untidy. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, William said: “Now that we have made the transition into spring, the weather will hopefully start to become a lot sunnier. “At this time it's very important to keep on top of your lawn, as weeds tend to thrive in these sunnier environments.” Keeping on top of your lawn is easily done in a few simple steps. According to William, these include: Making a regular habit of these crucial tasks will help to banish recurring weeds, while allowing your lawn to grow without stubborn competition. DON'T MISS:Gardening jobs to do in April from mowing to planting [LATEST]Brits making homes eco friendly - but struggling to do so in garden [REVEAL]‘Needs doing now’: Monty Don shares ‘best way’ to divide snowdrops [INSIGHT] Vibrant spring blooms will soon fade away, with daffodils and tulips being some of the first flowers to leave your garden. Plant fresh bulbs that will flower in early summer for a continual display, or seek out varieties which flower later in the spring season. Geraniums, oriental poppies and dahlias are all ideal for late-March planting.  Overcrowded plants will struggle to grow into the vibrant flowers or shrubs you might have hoped for, so make some essential cuts to revive tired growth. William said: “It is very important to get rid of, or cut back any overgrown grasses or perennial plants that have built up over the winter months and become an eye-sore. “Getting rid of them will not only make your outdoor area more visually appealing but will also allow for newer green shoots to grow through.” For perfectly pruned plants, you should:  The new season will bring fresh flowers and vibrant growth, but it will also bring seasonal pests to your garden. As the weather begins to warm up, slugs will start to become a nuisance in gardens across Britain, potentially causing irreplaceable damage to your plants. William said: “As March draws to a close, now is the perfect time to start preparing some preventative measures. “This can be done using natural deterrents like coffee grounds, wood ashes, or sand but can also be done by purchasing products that keep away the slugs using chemicals.”