Sam from JayRock LawnCare & Gardening discussed lawn compaction and how to combat it by aerating your grass. Lawn compaction will cause grass to stop growing, creating bare patches in the garden. While it's wonderful for a garden to be well-loved, it can increase the likelihood of bare patches. The gardening expert told Express.co.uk: "A lot of the time, with heavy traffic on the lawn the result is compaction. "Around areas like swings and playsets this can be a real problem." READ MORE: The ‘best’ way to deal this invasive weeds before spring begins - ‘will put you ahead’ Compaction happens when a garden is used very thoroughly. High footfall areas are the most likely to become compacted. Compaction means the soil itself has been pressed down over time, leading to a lack of air circulating into the soil. DON'T MISS‘Now is the perfect time’ to prepare the lawn for ‘healthy growth’ [HOW] ‘Easily damaged if cut incorrectly’: The mowing trick to ‘always’ use [GRASS] 'Amazing' dahlia variety to plant now - 'so unique' [FLOWERS] This air is necessary to keep the soil moist and healthy, and therefore the grass healthy. While busy lawns become compacted more easily, even lawns that aren't used often will become compacted over time. Sam said: "The best way to overcome this is through aeration." He went on: "This is the process in which you allow air back into the soil by penetrating the surface. "Soak the area heavily 24 hours prior to aeration," Sam explained. He went on: "Then either hire yourself a mechanical aerator for larger spaces, or for smaller ones. "You can get a hand aerator from your local garden centre or even use a garden fork. "Use this in four to six-inch spacings around the area to relieve the compaction before then trying your overseeding process." Sam detailed the perfect way to cut grass, which he called "the golden rule". He said: "Only ever cut 1/3 of the grass plant at any one time. "For example, if your lawn is at 60mm, your height of cut on your next mow should be no less than 40mm." Sam suggested mowing the grass once a week above 30mm in height for the best results.