I believe in law and order but there doesn't seem to be much discipline in the police now. Chief constables seem to be totally ineffectual and those in the ranks don't seem any better. Judging by the scruffiness of a lot of them, I don't think we can any longer say we have the best force in the world. Apparently the police no longer have to be inspected before they go on duty and looking at the state of a lot of them, fitness has gone out of the window. A lot of them are overweight, a lot of them are too small. But of course in this inclusive age any of us should be able to do anything we want, so the thinking goes. So now we have crime running rampant. And even with all their new technology the police seem to be fairly useless at their supposed main job - catching wrongdoers. ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- FRACKING is in the news again. Of course we should do it: there are massive amounts of gas under Blackpool and Gatwick. We need to frack.We need to concentrate on producing much more of our own oil and gas, and exploit our North Sea reserves - in spite of the Green-leaning Scottish Government's objections. Then we could build back some of those beautiful gasometers which keep us warm at a reasonable price. Net zero can wait - if it ever happens, which I'm beginning to doubt. We should also be building nuclear power stations now. It's not rocket science: we should never have to rely on any other country for our power.We don't need to. And much as it peeves me to say it, it's probably time to renationalise our power systems and get away from the so-called global market. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- ----------------- EVERYBODY has been talking about the incredibly brave people of Ukraine, and quite rightly so. But the thing that makes me think they are very special is the number of pets they have saved. So many people have been faced with leaving their homes with a bag of clothes and not much more, as well as carrying a small child or pushing along an elderly relative's wheelchair. That would be considered as much as many people could cope with, but I am so touched by how many of these refugees have taken their dogs, cats, gerbils, guinea pigs - even parrots - with them. I'd like to think we would all be prepared to do that but I fear some people might feel it would be a step too far. So well done to all those folk who struggle so hard to get themselves and their families to a place of safety but have not forgotten the pets that are part of that family. I could not look my dogs in the face and leave them in a dangerous situation. And the courage that the people of the Ukraine have shown not only in staying and fighting but also in trying to get the vulnerable members of families to a place of safety is inspiring.