Christian Horner has claimed that it makes "zero sense" for Sprint Qualifying to take place in Formula 1. The sport's bosses are keen on the format, which made its debut at three race weekends during the 2021 season, but not everyone is on board with the idea. The Sprint format sees the traditional qualifying sessions take place on the Friday, where the results would define the starting grid for the 'mini race' the following day. In turn the results of the short-form Sprint would affect what the grid looked like for the Grand Prix on the Sunday, with a small number of points also awarded. The format received mixed reviews among fans, with some liking the idea of more racing action but others feeling Sprint Qualifying was more of a procession rather than a race. F1 bosses were very happy with the trials last year, as data showed they led to an increase in terms of both audiences and revenue. They wanted to increase the number of Sprint Qualifying sessions in 2022, but that move was blocked by Mercedes, Red Bull and Ferrari who were against such a proposal. Their arguments were financial, as the budget cap was being reduced at a time where they were being asked to race more. JUST IN: Helmut Marko questions bans on Russian athletes as he weighs in Christian Horner has claimed that it makes "zero sense" for Sprint Qualifying to take place in Formula 1. The sport's bosses are keen on the format, which made its debut at three race weekends during the 2021 season, but not everyone is on board with the idea. In the end, a bargain was reached where both sides compromised and the number of Sprints was frozen at three for the upcoming campaign. Red Bull chief Horner has now claimed that his team and the others opposed to the plan were being generous by even agreeing to just three. "Financially it makes zero sense to agree to any sprint races," he told BBC Sport. "But in the interests of the sport, we conceded to agree to three. We're not even being permitted the increase of inflation. "When you're seeing gas and electricity bills, the amount of inflation that is going on at the moment... when the budget cap was set, it was set at a limit in the midst of the coronavirus crisis that in many respects is irrelevant to what's going on in the modern world. DON'T MISS:Christian Horner gives insight into 10-team meeting over RussiaRed Bull boss Christian Horner labels FIA changes not 'ideal'Lewis Hamilton title backlash has gone 'over Max Verstappen's head' "So that is why it was limited to three races." Sprint Qualifying will take place this year at the race weekends in Emilia Romagna, Brazil and Austria. Announcing their return in a statement last month, the FIA said: "Following a review of the three sprint events that took place in 2021 and a recognition by all that the format created positive benefits for the sport, three sprint events were proposed for 2022. "Acknowledging this as a sensible number in light of the pressures already on the teams for this season with the introduction of major changes to the regulations. "The commission unanimously approved the three Sprint events for the coming season, incorporating a number of updates to the format based on the feedback of fans, media and teams." Those changes include a new points system, with more on offer now for the results of those short-form races. Instead of the top three finishers simply receiving three, two and one point respectively, the top eight will now all be rewarded for their placement in Sprint Qualifying. The starting grid for the Grand Prix on the Sunday will still be decided by the result of the Sprint, but the official pole position award will go to whoever sets the fastest time in the traditional qualifying session on the Friday. The first Sprint weekend will be for the fourth race of the season, at Imola between April 22-24. The second will come at the Austrian Grand Prix in July, and the third at Interlagos in November.