 On Monday afternoon ITV viewers saw four new players welcomed onto Tipping Point. Ben Shephard guided contestants Alex, Ruth, Clare and Roger through the game as they battled it out in a bid to win a cash prize. One player dominated the game and amazed Ben when they left the show with multiple prizes and a large sum of cash.    Ruth got off to a great start as she finished the first round ahead of her competitors with £700 in her prize fund. Clare was close behind with £600 and Alex secured £200, leaving Roger to be eliminated after failing to bank any money. Over the next two rounds, Ruth’s lead increased even further as she knocked out all of her fellow contestants. She entered the final round with £3,740 in her prize fund, but her success didn’t stop there. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps  In the last round, Ruth got the chance to place the jackpot counter into the machine and try her best to get it back out. However, after placing several counters into the machine, Ruth had a prize fund of £4,400 but was unable to get the jackpot counter over the Tipping Point. Ben offered her the chance to trade her prize fund for three more counters she could place into the machine, but the jackpot counter was still a long way from the Tipping Point. The presenter said: “I think I know what you’re going to say, but I need to ask you nonetheless.   “Would you like to take the trade or would you like to take the money?” Ben asked. “I’m going to take the money, Ben,” Ruth replied. Ben gave the contestant a hug as he said: “I think that’s very wise. Well done Ruth.” “Thank you very much, it's been great!” Ruth exclaimed. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders season 6: Duke Shelby to replace Tommy? [MUST SEE]‘Mortified!’ Jane McDonald recalls memory of ‘big event’ from youth [WATCH]Call the Midwife star on being banned from reading scripts early [INSIGHT]  Ben said: “Congratulations! £4,400 is undoubtedly one of the highest amounts of money that has been won at this stage in the game.” Delighted with her result, Ruth remarked: “Ah I’m very happy.” Ben continued: “Not only that of course, you’ve won a couple of prizes. "An inflatable hot tub, which is going to be great fun for the family and you, and some West End theatre tickets.   “Have you enjoyed yourself?” the Tipping Point host asked. Ruth enthused: “I’ve had a great day thank you very much.” Ben remarked: “You’ve played a great game. It’s been lovely.” Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV. 