A Beverly Hills personal trainer with an enormous list of celebrity clients has issued a stern message to those looking to lose weight. Gunnar Peterson, who appeared on Khloe Kardashian's TV programme Revenge Body and recently posted a video while working out with Kate Beckinsale, was asked about the best way to lose weight. Gunnar Peterson, who has devised classes with F45, had one definitive answer, but asked hopeful dieters: "Don’t shoot the messenger." Although restricting food might not be the most popular answer with hopeful dieters, Gunnar has told Express.co.uk it is the only way to lose weight, like it or not. "There is no way other than being in a caloric deficit," he said. Gunnar told readers the only efficient and effective way to burn fat is: "Being in a calorie deficit and training with varying levels of intensity with both your strength and cardiovascular work." Variable Intensity Interval Training, or VIIT, means doing exercise at low intensity, medium intensity, and high intensity in different phases. READ MORE: Molly-Mae Hague weight loss: Love Island star's daily meal plan behind 'incredible' figure It has been found to have a number of benefits including, of course, greater fitness and lower body fat. It is also associated with less stress, greater mental health, and better posture. When asked about tackling belly fat in particular, Gunnar said: "There is no such thing as ‘spot reduction’. "See the above answer. That may sound boring but it works…" DON'T MISS'Easy changes' for weight loss - drink water to reduce calories [DIET] Michael Mosley weight loss diet recipe: Keto creamy pappardelle [FOOD] Rebel Wilson's 'simple to follow' diet plan with daily walks [BURN FAT] A calorie deficit is when you consume fewer calories than you burn through your diet. It's a fairly simple calculation, which can be worked out by counting the calories in your food and working out how many calories you are burning in a day. Various calorie calculators are available online. Many use food tracking apps such as My FitnessPal to keep on top of what they eat. There are side effects of being in a calorie deficit, so it's important not to be in one for too long, even if trying to lose a lot of weight. A calorie deficit will cause feelings of hunger and low energy. It can also cause headaches, dizziness, and even hair thinning. Gunnar, who is the former Los Angeles Lakers’ Director of Strength and Endurance, did give a piece of weight loss advice dieters are likely to be pleased to hear. He advised sleeping in, on some occasions. Gunnar said: "Don’t sleep on sleep. "Sometimes the extra hour in bed will serve you exponentially more than the extra hour in the gym. Sometimes, not always…" Being well-rested before your gym sessions will, of course, help gym-goers the energy to give a workout their all. However, sleep itself has been found to boost weight loss efforts. A study found dieters who stopped sleeping well lost 55 percent less fat over a 14-day period, even though they ate the same calories.