The underground hideaway, built in 1961 to protect against any likelihood of an attack, is now on the market for £25,000 in Brundall, Norfolk - just 14 miles from the North Sea shoreline. It's fitted with an "earth bonding system" to guard against electro-magnetic pulse from nuclear explosions. More than 1,500 bunkers like this were built in the UK during the 1960s. Each of the bunkers built measured and monitored radiation levels if a nuclear attack were to happen. Now one of the strutures, in a Norfolk feild, is on sale for £25,000, Mirror Online says. The structure, which has room for three people, hasn't been vandalised or experienced any flooding, the seller says. It is made of a solid piece of steel-reinforced concrete and reaches five metres beneath the ground. Workers stopped using the hideaway here for weekly training after the collapse of the Soviet Union. Yet, should the Norfolk bunker be required, the seller insists it is in a "mint condition". The Unique Property Bulletin listing reads: "The structure was cast in a continuous process as one solid piece of steel reinforced concrete so that it could move in the ground as one if it were subject to the shockwave from a nearby nuclear burst. "It is ‘tanked’ by waterproofing with bitumen and then an outer layer of bricks to protect against penetration. "Unlike some bunkers, this example never suffered from water ingress and has remained absolutely dry, a testament to quality construction.  "Operational bunkers were modified by the Home Office in the 1980s with polystyrene insulation to the internal walls and ceiling and this remains in good condition." The new owner would be able to climb down a deep shaft fixed with a steel ladder leading to a one metre "monitoring room." It is fitted with a radio and a landline, but there is not connection to water, electricity or sewer systems.  The listing adds: "UKWMO Brundall is located in Norfolk, approximately 118 miles from London. "Situated in greenfield countryside, surrounded on all sides by arable farmland. "Most bunkers were built on high ground so their ground zero cameras would have panoramic views of the horizon. "This plot is no exception and benefits from a very pleasant vista of surrounding unspoilt rural East Anglia. "This bunker survived the civil defence cutbacks of the mid 1960s when half the original number were closed, many now having been demolished." 