The financial expert is calling on the Chancellor Rishi Sunak to offer additional help for struggling households, citing the need for “political intervention”. These comments were made by Mr Lewis on BBC One’s Sunday Morning in a discussion about the forecast rise in energy bills. Earlier this year, industry regulator Ofgem confirmed that the energy price cap would hit around £2,000 for the year, causing energy bills to rise by £693 for the average household in the UK. Furthermore, experts have warned that further hikes to energy bills are expected later this year as a consequence of sanctions on Russia, following Vladmir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The energy price cap sets a limit on the maximum amount gas and electricity providers can charge consumers for each unit of energy. This upcoming hike in bills will represent an increase of around 54 percent at a time when inflation is skyrocketing also. This morning, Martin Lewis outlined the grave threat posed by the country’s continuing energy bill crisis, specifically highlighting that millions face being pushed into fuel poverty and bill riss of £1,300. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Mr Lewis said: “If you look at the fact that just on energy alone, on a conservative estimate within one year, we’re talking £1,300 a year going up in bills. “We’re going to have about 10 million people in fuel poverty. We have a real absolute, not relative, poverty issue going to come in the UK, with food banks oversubscribed. “Debt crisis agencies do not have any tools. I need to say, as the money saving expert, I am virtually out of tools to help people now. “It’s not something money management can fix. It’s not something for those on the lowest incomes, telling them to cut their belts won’t work.”  Appealing to the Chancellor, the financial expert said: “We need political intervention.” On the same show, Rishi Sunak was interviewed about the upcoming Spending Review this coming Wednesday (March 23). Specifically addressing whether the Government will be introducing further support measures to assist struggling households, the Chancellor said: “I know how hard it is when you’re working hard and seeing the price of everything go up everyday, every week. “The steps that we’ve taken to sanction Russia are not cost-free for us here at home and we’re going to be honest with people, it’s not going to be easy. “I wish Government could solve absolutely every problem and I could fully protect people against the challenges that lie ahead. “But, I can’t do that. What I would say is that I will stand by them in the same way that I have done over the past couple of years. People can see that.” During his appearance on BBC’s Sunday Morning, the Chancellor also referenced the Government’s recently announced rebate schemes which were created to assist people with the energy bill hike. This £350 deduction is made up of an Energy Bills Rebate which will give millions of households an upfront discount of £200 and a council tax rebate worth £150. The council tax rebate is accessible for households which are in bands A to D which will be paid directly by local authorities as of April. Mr Sunak added: “Where we can make a difference, of course we will. You saw that with energy in particular. “We know the price is going up in April and that’s why we acted, last month, to announce £9billion worth of support, £350 for most households. “That will start to help people in April when the impact on energy bills starts to be felt.”