Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is a group of conditions caused by high levels of fat in the liver. If cirrhosis (the most advanced stage) develops, you can get more severe symptoms, such as oedema causing a change to your legs and ankles. If fatty liver is ignored for many years, people can develop symptoms such as swelling over both feet. Oedema is a condition which occurs when a person has swelling in the legs, ankles, feet or tummy. The NHS states: “If cirrhosis (the most advanced stage) develops, you can get more severe symptoms, such as yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes (jaundice).” READ MORE: Oesophageal cancer: The peculiar sensation as if something is stuck warning of the disease It says that occasionally people with more advanced stages of NAFLD may experience a dull or aching pain in the top right of the tummy or extreme tiredness. You may also notice unexplained weight loss and weakness. People with a liver condition who develop dark black tarry faeces, or dark urine, should seek “urgent medical attention”, according to the British Liver Trust.  People are more likely to develop NAFLD as a result of a number of factors. For example, if you are insulin resistant, as people can be when they have polycystic ovary syndrome. You may need to cut it out of your diet, or reduce your intake. There's not currently any medicine that can treat NAFLD, but various medicines can be useful in managing the problems associated with the condition. A doctor will help diagnose your condition correctly and give you the right advice and care plan. If you develop severe cirrhosis, stage four fatty liver disease, and your liver stops working properly, you may need to be put on the waiting list for a liver transplant. If you drink alcohol, it’s important to stay within the national recommended limits for alcohol consumption, advises Bupa. If you're a regular drinker (you drink most weeks), current guidelines recommend not drinking more than 14 units of alcohol each week. And try to spread your units evenly over at least three days of the week.