With proposed changes to the free prescription age of 60, now more than ever could be the right time to check if there is another way to get prescriptions for free. A Government consultation has discussed increasing the age at which older people can access free NHS in England from 60 to 66 to align with state pension age.  However, a decision has not yet been finalised when it comes to the issue. Currently, those over 60 do not have to pay for their prescriptions but this could be increased to the state pension age which is currently 66. People requiring medication in England have to pay for their prescription unless they are exempt due to the age, income or medical condition. People can get a free prescription if they are: READ MORE: National Insurance: Delaying tax hike 'would be no problem’ - 'political judgement' A credit-card-sized card is issued to the person if they have a valid illness which shows they are exempt from medical payments. As well as a valid medical exemption, people can get free prescrption if they are named on a valid NHS tax credit exemption certificate. Alternatively, people can apply for a HC2 from which could provide a valid NHS certificate for full help with health costs. If someone holds a valid war pension exemption certificate and the prescription is for their  accepted disability they will not have to pay. Other exemptions include: People can find out if they are eligible for free NHS prescriptions or any help with other NHS costs using the NHS eligibility checker via the health service's website. Age UK and other organisations have criticised the Government’s proposal to raise the eligibility age for free prescriptions. Specifically, experts believe that this will hurt those in the over 60s age demographic during a financially vulnerable period and put more pressure on the NHS. Dr Eva Kalmus, the co-chair of British Geriatrics Society’s GeriGPs Group, explained: “People aged between 60 and 65 are often prescribed medication for long-term conditions which they will take for many years. “Introducing prescription charges for this group is likely to result in some of this age group not taking their medication and will deliver minimal savings for the NHS. “It may even cost the NHS more in the long term when complications or disease progression occur which medication might have prevented.” Currently, prescriptions in England cost £9.35, but there are money saving options for those who need regular medicine. A 12-month prescription prepayment certificate is for those who need more than 11 items a year and costs £108.10. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age. We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course. Extensive arrangements are already in place to help people afford NHS prescriptions.”