Since launching a full-scale invasion of Ukraine last week, Russia has been subjected to a wide range of global sanctions. These have mainly focused on damaging Moscow’s economy, which is currently helping to fund the ongoing war efforts in Kyiv. As the conflict continues to rage into its second week western leaders are considering how they can further inflict damage to the Kremlin. On Friday, Foreign Ministers from European Union (EU) member states are meeting to discuss the ongoing war in Ukraine and the potential for greater sanctions against Russia. The talks will also be attended by US Secretary of State Antony Blinken, UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba. Possible new sanctions were mulled over on Thursday at a meeting of the Political and Security Committee - a Council of the EU body that deals with security and defence. So, if ministers did agree on a package on new penalties, what exactly could they involve?  READ MORE: Putin warned by Finland: 'We make our own decisions’ According to Politico, targets which are under consideration include: It’s thought some EU diplomats wanted these targets added to the bloc’s most recent sanctions package. Meanwhile, others mentioned the possibility of widening the measures that banished several Russian banks from the international SWIFT payment network.  However, there are also diplomats who have pushed back against this, arguing that before adding other banks to the sanctions list, the EU should first wait out the 10-day grace period of the SWIFT ban to observe its effect. SWIFT is the global financial artery that allows the smooth and rapid transfer of money across borders. Like any other nation, it allows Russia to easily conduct international business. As of Thursday, discussions on a new sanctions package remained in the early stages.  DON'T MISS: Putin's ex-spokesman stuns Ferrari with 'breathtaking' prediction [WATCH]BBC QT: Audience member blasts Western attitude to Putin – ‘Utterly di [WATCH]Brexit Article 16 threat DERAILED over Ukraine invasion Brexit Article [INSIGHT] The EU, like the UK and US has already issued a “no fly-zone” for Russian aircrafts over its airspace. Sanctions have also been imposed against a number of Russian and Belarus officials deemed close contacts of Russian President Vladimir Putin, as well as restrictions on trade in goods and associated services. In Paris, French officials have expressed their desire to move forward with additional penalties. France is prepared to “toughen sanctions,” an Elysée official told reporters, following a call between French President Emmanuel Macron and Putin.  The official added: “We must yet evaluate those we have already put in place and we are going to complement them.” They also noted Putin left Mr Macron with the impression that the worst was yet to come in Ukraine. During recent days Russia has intensified its attacks on key strategic targets, shelling for hours on end the cities of Mariupol and Kharkiv. 