George Russell was captured crying amongst various other memorable moments from the 2021 Formula One World Championship in the new series of Netflix's Drive to Survive trailer - with the upcoming season due to launch on March 11.  The series has been a hit since the first season came out in 2019, claiming a BAFTA for Best Sound in 2021. Netflix have already released 30 episodes of the much-adored footage and another 10 will be released on Friday. Excitement is continuing to build after another trailer was released on Wednesday morning. The title race between Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton is the main talking point, with crashes, insights and rivalries being at the forefront of discussion.  But a scene with new Mercedes driver George Russell crying has been teased to F1 fans. Russell, 24, joined Williams in 2019 and found his first couple of years difficult, failing to score a point with his highest finish being 11th-placed at the German and Tuscan Grands Pix in 2019 and 2020 respectively. But after achieving an eighth-placed finish in the Hungarian Grand Prix last campaign, the King's Lynn-born star was caught crying on camera in emotional scenes. Russell is likely to come under a more intense media spotlight having transferred to Mercedes at the start of the season.  He will join world superstar Hamilton on Toto Wolff's team ahead of the new season. Yet some poor results in the pre-season testing in Barcelona have thrown caution to the wind about Mercedes' chances of winning a ninth-straight Constructors' Championship. Drive to Survive director Paul Martin said he couldn't believe just how much the series had taken off.  "When we finished season one, I don't think we had any expectations," executive producer Martin told Insider. "We hoped people were going to like it and were going to see it as a fresh take on this world. "We certainly didn't set out to land it with a particular audience or particular demographic. "But, you know, we just became acutely aware, particularly in the United States, that people were just talking about it and that the audience is there." 