Robin De Jesús first broke onto the small screen with his recurring role as Jose Silva in Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. He has since appeared alongside Andrew Garfield in Lin Manuel Miranda’s hit Netflix film tick, tick... BOOM!, and has just joined the cast of Hulu’s Immigrant, led by Marvel star Kumail Nanjiani. Breakout star Robin will portray Ray Colon in the upcoming series based on the rise of the Chippendales dancing troupe. Described as a proud Nuyorican from the Bronx, Ray joins the team as their handyman and jack of all trades. Ray dotes on the Chippendales’ founder, Somen “Steve” Banerjee (Kumail Nanjiani), who takes him under his wing. However, their close friendship soon finds them in trouble as the dancers’ reputation grows throughout the series. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series An official synopsis released via Deadline reads: “Immigrant tells the true story of Banerjee, the Indian-American entrepreneur who started Chippendales. “The series will detail the insane, darkly comedic, crime-ridden story behind the unique male revue that became a cultural phenomenon.” Comedy star Kumail will lead the troupe hot off his more dramatic turn in Marvel’s recent superhero epic, Eternals. Robin is just the latest addition to an already packed cast, which includes Downton Abbey’s Dan Stevens and The White Lotus star Murray Bartlett. Annaleigh Ashford, Quentin Plair, Andrew Rannells, and Nicola Peltz round out the currently known supporting cast. Previously the star of HBO’s tech comedy Silicon Valley, Kumail teamed with Pam and Tommy creator Robert Siegel for the new eight-part limited series. The drama will delve into Chippendale founder Somen’s dark story as the male stripper group gained more and more prominence in the US. Somen and Roy were eventually caught up in a plot to murder a number of Chippendale producers, with the founder pleading guilty to arson, racketeering and murder for hire. DON'T MISS:Futurama fans voice concerns despite cast member return [REACTION]Vikings Valhalla season 2: Star hints return despite death [SPOILERS]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe shares concerns over playing Claire [INSIGHT] Their story was explored in further detail in the recent Spotify podcast, Welcome to Your Fantasy. Kumail will also executive produce the project with his wife and The Big Sick co-writer, Emily V Gordon. The latest addition to the cast, Robin has recently had huge success in two of Netflix’s recent Broadway-inspired feature films. He starred as Emory with the likes of The Big Bang Theory’s Jim Parsons and Star Trek star Zachary Quinto in Ryan Murphy’s The Boys in the Band, based on the 1968 stage play. Last year, he went on to co-star in the musical-biopic tick, tick... BOOM!, led by an Oscar-nominated performance from Andrew Garfield as composer and playwright Jonathan Larson. Previously, Robin has had a stellar career on the stage, picking up Tony nominations for some of Broadway’s biggest hit shows. He was nominated for performances in In the Heights, La Cage aux Folles, and The Boys in the Band’s 2018 revival, and has also starred in Wicked and Rent. Law & Order: Special Victims Unit season 23 continues Thursdays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced.