Before the Queen ascended the throne, then-Princess Elizabeth was known to her loved ones as 'Lilibet', and Prince Philip was thought to be the last member of the Royal Family to call her by the sweet sobriquet. The Queen and Prince Philip's love story was one of fairytales, and their happy marriage spanned more than seven decades until Philip died aged 99 in 2021. But looking back to the start of their sweet romance, the future Queen was gifted an incredibly special ring to mark her engagement in 1947. The Queen wears a classic diamond engagement ring from her beloved late husband, and its design is truly timeless. A central diamond is flanked either side by 10 smaller diamonds in total, and it was created by renowned jeweller, Philip Antrobus of London. Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, told Express.co.uk: “Queen Elizabeth II’s engagement ring has heavy sentimental value to her. "It was constructed from a tiara that belonged to her mother-in-law, the late Princess Alice of Greece.  READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' "Prince Philip himself designed the engagement ring he presented to his Princess Lilibet. "The platinum set ring features a three-carat round solitaire and five smaller stones set on each shoulder." Due to its incredible sentimental value, the Queen is unlikely to ever wish to part with the stunning ring. But according to Ms Borrowman, the classic sparkler is valued "at around £207,082”.  Robert Ogden, director of Ogden of Harrogate, told Express.co.uk the sparkler's design is still popular today. Mr Ogden said: "This is stunning, an Art Deco-style diamond and platinum ring, with grain-set diamond tapering shoulders, and featuring a lovely old cut diamond of around three carats to the centre." He added: "This is a style that is still very sought after today." The Queen wears her engagement ring alongside her Welsh gold wedding band that she received when she married Philip in November 1947. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's nanny never uses one word around George and Charlotte [INSIGHT]Stunning Kate Middleton is more 'First Lady' than 'royal wife' [ANALYSIS]Princess Eugenie's close bond with Princess Beatrice in six photos [PICTURES]  But modern royals have opted to embrace a new trend of wearing three bands on their ring finger. Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge and Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, have been pictured sporting eternity bands in recent years. Kate is thought to have received a diamond eternity ring from Prince William upon the birth of their first child Prince George in 2013. And Meghan Markle reportedly received her diamond eternity band from Prince Harry to celebrate their first wedding anniversary in 2019. 