Valeriia Maksetska, 31, was reportedly killed alongside her mother and their driver in a village outside the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv. Ms Maksetska worked at an organisation partnered with a US government agency for international development and aid. Samantha Power, who works for USAID, has claimed that the three victims were killed in a Russian military ambush. This comes just before Valeriia was supposed to celebrate her 32nd birthday. She said: "I'm enormously sad to share the death of Valeriia 'Lera' Maksetska - proud Ukrainian, beloved USAID implementing partner & brilliant, compassionate leader on building social cohesion & fighting disinformation. "She was killed by the Russian military just shy of her 32nd birthday." It is thought Valeriia had resolved to help Ukrainians trapped by advancing Russian forces before her mother, Irina, ran out of her stock of medicine. The pair then made the choice to flee. But as the mother and daughter, along with driver Yaroslav, watched a Russian convoy pass their vehicle, reports claim a tank fired at the car they were travelling in. Valeriia was familiar with Russian aggression, having lived in Donetsk and worked to help Ukrainians in the country following Vladimir Putin’s invasion in 2014. READ MORE: Pakistan on brink as Imran Khan breaks with army with brutal jibe Ms Power said: "She survived the shelling of Donetsk, moved to Kyiv, and started working with USAID - where she became beloved as 'a brave woman with a kind heart'. Using Valeriia’s nickname, she added: "Lera, a trained medic, could've left Kyiv when the invasion began, but stayed to help others. "Only when her mom Irina ran out of medicine did she evacuate. “As Lera, Irina & their driver Yaroslav waited in a car for a Russian convoy to pass, a tank fired on them - killing all three. DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin's war escalates - Belarus 'to join TONIGHT' [LIVE] Sky News reporter takes on Lavrov over hospital tragedy [REPORT] Russia invasion MAPPED: How Putin is surrounding Ukraine capital [MAP] "Lera’s death is devastating for @USAID, @Chemonics & all who knew her. “We celebrate her fierce dedication to Ukraine & joyful spirit. "As Lera wrote when Kyiv was attacked, she was angry at the awful violence 'but so proud to be a Ukrainian & live someplace where beliefs matter'." Chemonics CEO Jamey Butcher paid tribute to Valeriia, sharing a photograph of the employee slain in the ongoing violence in her home country. He said: "This is my staff member Valeriia (Lera) Maksetska. "She was killed in a village west of Kyiv while trying to get medication for her sick mother." This comes as satellite imagery captures a “redeployed” convoy of Russian military vehicles northwest of Kyiv. This could indicate a renewed push to capture the capital by Vladimir Putin after over a week of Russian forces maintaining their position near Kyiv. Heavy shelling and bombardment have been reported in the south Ukrainian city of Mykolaiv on Friday evening, as humanitarian evacuation corridors continue to be fraught with danger for escaping civilians. Local authorities in the besieged city of Mariupol have also said that nearly 1,600 people have died after shelling and Russian airstrikes hammered the city.