Queen Elizabeth II, 95, returned to royal duties this week for her first in-person meeting at Windsor Castle since testing positive for COVID-19. Her Majesty hosted Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who was in the UK to discuss Russia’s invasion of Ukraine with the Prime Minister Boris Johnson. The monarch was pictured smiling with the leader of the Commonwealth nation in front of a vase of blue and yellow flowers – the national colours of Ukraine. However, even the Queen gets it wrong on the odd occasion, as shown by a recent documentary that looked at how the monarch once “got herself in trouble”. Historian Dr Janina Ramirez analysed the Queen’s 2018 Christmas message in the latest episode of Channel 5 series, ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’. The expert, who specialises in art, discussed how the message about sharing “good will” contrasted sharply to the golden piano the Queen chose to use as a backdrop for her annual televised broadcast. She said: “Our current Queen, Elizabeth II got into a bit of trouble with this piano. “In her speech, she was talking about generosity, about giving to one another. “And yet in the background, there is hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gilded piano. “So, it sort of undermined the message slightly.” The Queen, who learned to play piano at 11 years old, was filmed giving her annual festive speech in front of the Royal Family’s golden piano. The stunning instrument built in 1856 is kept in the White Drawing Room of Buckingham Palace. The piano, which is housed in a casing featuring motifs of cherubs and monkeys, once belonged to Queen Victoria, who commissioned it. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's 4-word reply to stunned Prince Charles after offer to walk her down aisle [LATEST]Queen savagely mocked over dress in throwback picture: 'Like a Cadbury wrapper!' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will have more children? [ANALYSIS] Dr Ramirez said the object has been used to entertain the royals and their guests throughout history. She said: “This piano has been played by every monarch from Queen Victoria right up to our present Queen. “There is a photograph of her mum, the Queen Mother, playing to George VI on their 25th wedding anniversary. “I think it is quite a romantic object.” The expert claimed the instrument is not just a run-of-the-mill instrument, and explained: “Is not your average piano. This is a piano that has been completely blinged up, pimped up. “It is OTT, it is gold. It is covered in decoration. It is a really exquisite piece.” ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.