Season three of All Creatures Great and Small will air in September, and fans can't wait to see how Helen Alderson (played by Rachel Shenton) and James Herriot's (Nicolas Ralf) romance will play out. The end of series two of the Channel 5 drama saw James and Helen get engaged, and in first-look images of the cast on set, it looks like fans won't be disappointed by what's in store. Actress Rachel could be seen laughing with her cast members on set as she stood in front of a red bus. The star, who was dressed in an olive green jacket, red jumper and dark green trousers, could be seen playfully pointing at the camera on set. Nicholas, who donned brown trousers and a dark grey suit jacket, could be seen looking lovingly into his co-star's eyes as they filmed one scene. The pair walked together hand in hand before sharing an intimate kiss. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? The photos came after fans were treated to a sneak peek of James and Helen's wedding. The loved-up bride and groom were full of smiles as they walked closely together outside the church. As season two of ACGAS came to a close, fans watched as James turned down a job role in Glasgow so he could be with Helen. In the final episode of season two, James' boss Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West) suggested he propose to Helen before it was too late. Following the candid chat, James eventually plucked up the courage to propose to Helen and to his delight she said yes. James confessed his true feelings for Helen after she dramatically left Hugh Hulton (Matthew Lewis) at the altar in the first Christmas special. During an interview with Jeremy Vine last year, the actor who plays James teased his future with Helen. "In the last couple of episodes we have seen them get to know each other and reacquaint in these new circumstances both being single," Nicholas began. DON'T MISS...Neighbours heartache as Willis clan become first family to exit show [SPOILERS]GMB backlash as host states Jamaica 'don't want William or Kate here' [VIDEO]James Martin addresses career move as he opens up on dyslexia [INSIGHT] He continued: "They have had their first kiss and things like that. "But yeah, Hugh Hulton comes back into the mix and I think James feels he is vying for Helen's attention a bit. "He gets a bit jealous and there is a cricket match, one team is Hugh's team and with James not being a cricketer, he tries to step up and win back Helen's affections. "So, yeah romance on the cards if he gets his own way." During season three, World War Two will be looming and viewers will see the conflict from the perspective of those on the home front. However, according to showrunner Ben Vanstone, it won't be at the forefront of the show. Speaking about what fans can expect from Helen and James' storyline, Ben said: "In season three, Helen and James have become engaged, so I think it’s fair to say there may be a marriage on the horizon, perhaps." He added to PBS: “It’s 1939, so it will come as no surprise that war is looming and that will increasingly cast a shadow over our characters’ lives." All Creatures Great and Small season 3 is set to air in September of this year, while series 1 and 2 can be streamed on My5.