HBO’s award-winning series Game of Thrones came to an end in 2019, and thankfully for fans its prequel spin-off House of Dragon, is set to be released this year. Actor Conleth Hill, who starred as Varys, shared he had “no envy” for the cast.  Despite the controversial finale of Game of Thrones, the show’s spin-off was announced and is expected to be released sometime this year. Although viewers will be taken back to Westeros, House of Dragon will be set 200 years earlier, which means fans won’t see any cameos from their favourite characters. With an entirely new cast and a whole new look at Westeros, Conleth Hill, who was introduced as Vary in the original series, reflected on his role. The actor shared: “I'm used to Conleth Hill The Game of Thrones [star], it's a double-barrel name or trebled barrel name.  READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour “But that's a small price to pay for being associated with something so brilliant …I'll always be associated with it until they do a remake and then it'll be somebody else.” Throughout the series, Varys was also known as Spider, a highly-skilled Eunuch who was good at acquiring secrets and became known for knowing everything about everyone. Armed with information about the people around him, Varys would pit enemies against each other and manipulate people using his extensive network of informants. He also became a familiar face in the court and even though he wasn’t a real lord he was addressed as such for being a member of the small council.  In season eight, Varys met his death at the hands of Daenerys (Emilia Clarke), who was ordered to kill by Tyrion Lannister (Peter Dinklage) after he informed her that Varys had spread the word about Jon Snow’s (Kit Harrington) true lineage. The actor also shared his opinion on the upcoming series, House of Dragon, Hill continued: “I hope they have half as good time on it as me. “But I have no envy or - nothing but support and admiration for them, I hope they have had as good a time as we did.” House of the Dragon will go back in time to tell the full story of the Targaryen civil war.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary? [THEORY]House of the Dragon release date: HBO delivers huge update [INSIGHT]Game of Thrones' Peter Dinklage takes aim at prequel for lack of 'risk [INSIGHT] The cast will feature a number of household names including Matt Smith, Paddy Considine, Graham McTavish, Emma D'Arcy and Olivia Cooke. After dropping in October, the first look trailer revealed a whole different look at the Iron Throne which was a far cry from the iconic spikes in Game of Thrones. It also hinted at a major feud for the House of Targaryen, as well as a look at the origins of the beloved Samwell Tarly (John Bradley). As the release date draws closer, viewers will soon have an idea of the “different tone” creator George R.R. Martin hinted the series would have.   Taking to his blog, the author revealed: “Anticipate away, I do not think you will be disappointed. “It’s dark, it’s powerful, it’s visceral… just the way I like my epic fantasy, Ryan [Condal] and Miguel [Sapochni] have done an amazing job. “And the cast… just as with Game of Thrones, most viewers will only have heard of a few of the actors, but I think you are going to fall in love with a lot of them.” He added: “(Only to have your heart broken later when… but no, that would be telling), I think the Targaryens are in very good hands.” Game of Thrones seasons 1-8 are available to stream on HBO in the USA and is available on NOW TV in the UK. 