Liverpool may still be riding high from the Carabao Cup triumph over Chelsea at the weekend with the possibility of a quadruple very much alive, but FSG know there is an issue still hanging over their heads. Jurgen Klopp's first trophy since winning the Premier League in 2020 has created a buoyed mood at Anfield where the chance of more silverware this season remains a very real possibility. The Reds are back in action this evening against Norwich in the FA Cup where they will be looking to progress to the quarter-finals for the first time since 2015. They also hold a strong chance of moving into the quarter-finals of the Champions League having beaten Inter Milan 2-0 in the opening leg. And six consecutive wins in the Premier League has seen them close up to Manchester City in the table with just six points separating the two teams. Luis Diaz's arrival in January has only strengthened Liverpool's chances in all competitions with the Colombia international impressing so far. JUST IN: Liverpool star Matip 'better than Van Dijk' at key skill Klopp loves  Diogo Jota also stepped up when both Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane were away on international duty for the Africa Cup of Nations. Salah has since returned and hit the ground running in the league with three goals in his last two top-flight matches. The Egypt international remains key for any success Liverpool have for the remainder of the campaign, despite a quiet performance against Chelsea at Wembley. But there remains a silent uncertainty over Salah's long-term future at the club. DON'T MISS  Reports have indicated that he wants to be rewarded for his efforts with a deal worth in the region of £400,000-a-week. That would see him move on par with the likes of Kevin De Bruyne as one of the best-paid players in the Premier League. "I want to stay, but it's not in my hands. It's in their hands," Salah said in January. "They know what I want. I'm not asking for crazy stuff. "The thing is when you ask for something and they show you they can give you something, (they should) because they appreciate what you did for the club. "I've been here for my fifth year now. I know the club very well. I love the fans. The fans love me. "But with the administration, they have (been) told the situation. It's in their hands." Adding up to roughly £20.8million a year, Salah's supposed contract demands would smash Liverpool's current wage structure. And it appears as though no breakthrough is near, although talks are said to be ongoing. At 29 years of age, Salah is at the peak of his powers and is showing no signs of slowing down. Seeing Salah run down his contract and leave for free in 2023 is the worst case scenario for Liverpool, but selling and finding a replacement this summer also present certain risks. Who will Liverpool realistically be able to find to replace their star forward for around £60m? Erling Haaland is arguably the only superstar on the market who could fetch that price, but he looks increasingly likely to move to Spain. Other than that, Liverpool's options are scarce and simply their best bet is giving Salah exactly what he wants. But wait too long and Salah may begin to believe he's not valued by Liverpool's owners and push for a move away anyway. It's arguably the biggest contract decision FSG have faced during their reign in charge of the club, but time is running out for them to delay much further.