ITV's Emmerdale and BBC One's EastEnders have gone directly against each other in the 7.30pm weekday slot following the schedule change up, according to the latest figures. Ratings have revealed more than 1.5 million viewers opted to watch Emmerdale on Monday night, rather than find out about the drama going on in Walford. However, Coronation Street was the soap that came out top for the evening. Emmerdale, which has aired at 7pm for decades, has been moved to a later slot of 7.30pm in order to fit ITV's hour-long news programme in beforehand.The ITV soap airs every weeknight at this time, with a double-bill every Thursday.EastEnders has also moved to an all-new time slot of 7.30pm. The London-based soap will be dropping its Friday episode which means it will air on consecutive nights between Monday and Thursday.  READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? Similar to Emmerdale, Coronation Street has been bumped further down the schedule due to the extended ITV news programme.The soap is still broadcast directly after Emmerdale but in the new timeslot of 8pm.The latest TV ratings for the three soaps from Monday night have been released.It has been revealed 4.1 million people tuned into Emmerdale, while EastEnders only secured 2.7 million viewers. However, Coronation Street drew in the most viewers, with 4.4 million tuning in to watch the latest plotlines unfold on the cobbles.Coronation Street now shows hour-long episodes on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.John Whiston, ITV's managing director of continuing drama, commented on Coronation Street and Emmerdale's changes.He explained: "With Coronation Street bursting at the seams with fantastic [stories and characters], the new format gives the show a brilliant new canvas on which to shine.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Manpreet Sharma as she struggles with Meena guilt? [SPOILER]What time is Emmerdale on tonight? [INSIGHT]'What can you do?' Gemma Atkinson feels 'guilty' over Ukraine war [INTERVIEW] "And Emmerdale will do what it does best in this new time slot where viewers can continue to enjoy the dramatic goings-on in the Dales."ITV's managing director Kevin Lygo said how as viewing habits rapidly change, live audiences to the network's news programmes remain strong.He added: "The new scheduling means that viewers can watch them live on TV in one go in a continuous soap fix, as well as on ITV Hub where they are regularly in the most-watched shows every month."Despite coming third in live viewer numbers on Monday night, EastEnders' drama chief Kate Oates confirmed she was thrilled with the shake-up. She recently said: "We're delighted there will be new regular time slots for EastEnders on BBC One, and Doctors on BBC Two."EastEnders’ new 7.30pm slot begins with a hugely exciting week, as killer Gray Atkins is finally exposed."On Monday, Gray (Toby-Alexander Smith) was hauled to the police station for questioning over Tina Carter’s (Luisa Bradshaw-White) death and gave his DNA, however, he soon refused to answer any further questions when he realised the police had no evidence.The numbers for watching Monday night's episodes of the soaps on ITV Hub and BBC iPlayer have not yet been consolidated.