A-list guests and millions of viewers worldwide were left stunned by the attack, which sparked calls for Academy bosses to strip Smith of the Best Actor award he won during Sunday's event. And last night the Academy launched a formal investigation into the fracas. It occurred when former Saturday Night Live star Rock presented the gong for best documentary - and compared Smith's wife, actress Jada Pinkett Smith, to Demi Moore's 1997 shaven-headed character GI Jane. Smith, 53, initially laughed with the audience before turning to see Jada, 50, who has struggled with hair loss due to alopecia, visibly angered. The star, who played world boxing champion Muhammad Ali in a 2001 movie, took to his feet, walked across to Rock and slapped him on the face. A startled Rock, 57, said: "Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s*** out of me." When the comedian made light of the attack, the actor shouted: "Keep my wife's name out of your f****** mouth." Rock replied: "Wow, dude, it was a GI Jane joke." Smith repeated his foulmouthed rant. TV production crews scrambled to turn off the sound as the broadcast was delayed in the US - but many international viewers watched the incident in full. Smith was seen being calmed down by Bradley Cooper, Nicole Kidman and Denzel Washington, who told him: "Be careful at your highest moment. That's when ha the devil comes for you." In accepting his Oscar for King Richard - his portrayal of Richard Williams, the father of tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams - Smith was in tears as he said sorry for his emotional outburst. He stated: "I want to apologise to the Academy, I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees." He did not mention Rock.  Los Angeles police said it was aware of the incident but "the individual involved has declined to file a police report". Rock was overheard afterwards saying: "I just got punched in the face by Muhammad Ali and didn't get a scratch." Smith later made light of the attack, posting on Instagram: "You can't invite people from Philly or Baltimore nowhere." Jada was also seen dancing and laughing at her husband's side at the Vanity Fair party - where guests included the Williams sisters, Dakota Johnson, Kevin Costner, Olivia Colman and Natalie Portman. Rapper Sean "Diddy" Combs, 52, claimed the two men had made up, saying: "That's over. I can confirm that. It's all love They're brothers." But hundreds called for Smith to have his award taken away as he breached the Academy's new code of conduct drawn up in the wake of the #MeToo movement. Actor and This Is Spinal Tap filmmaker Rob Reiner, 75, tweeted: "Will Smith owes Chris Rock a huge apology. There is no excuse for what he did. He's lucky Chris is not filing assault charges. The excuses he made tonight were b*******." Star Wars actor Mark Hamill, 70, called it the "ugliest moment" in the Oscars' history. He added: "Stand-up comics are very adept at handling hecklers. Violent physical assault, not so much." But Smith's actor son Jaden, 23, tweeted: "That's how we do it."  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some believe the slap was staged in an attempt to boost flagging show ratings - Smith was seen smiling as he walked away. But the Academy insisted it "does not condone violence of any form". Bosses held emergency talks over Zoom last night about stripping Smith of his award then announced their inquiry. In a statement, they said it will: "explore further action and consequences in accordance with our bylaws, standards of conduct and California law". Whoopi Goldberg, a member of the Academy's board of governors, said: "We're not going to take that Oscar from him. There will be consequences, I'm sure." Academy members agree to behave in a way not to compromise "the integrity of the Academy by their actions" or face expulsion.  WILL SMITH's attack on Chris Rock was not the first time the former friends have fallen out, writes Kat Hopps. And on each occasion, the comic's jibes at Smith's wife Jada Pinkett Smith were behind it. In 2016, when the actress boycotted the Oscars to protest at the nomination list's lack of diversity, Rock made fun of her decision to take a stand when he hosted the awards ceremony. He said: "Jada got mad, said she's not coming. Jada boycotting the Oscars is like me boycotting Rihanna's panties. I wasn't invited." Then he went on to take a shot at Smith, whose performance in the film Concussion had been widely praised. Rock said: "Will was not nominated for Concussion, I get it. You get mad. It's not fair that Will was this good and didn't get nominated. You're right. "It's also not fair that Will was paid $20million for Wild Wild West." That film has been labelled "a thorn in my side"by Smith. Jada remained silent for a week after that before shrugging off Rock's comments, saying: "Hey look, it comes with the territory but we gotta keep it moving." Two years later, there was another run-in after Smith wished his ex-wife Sheree Zampino, 54, happy birthday on Instagram. Rock reacted with the barbed comment: "You have a very understanding wife." Smith replied: "Don't hate." 