Manchester United are on the hunt for a new manager to take over the reigns from interim boss Ralf Rangnick. However, with the club crashing out of the Champions League in the round of 16 and looking likely to miss out on the top four, it is not an exciting prospect. The matter is made worse by the situation regarding the club captain - Harry Maguire. The world's most expensive defender, on his day Maguire can match up with the best, as he showed at Euro 2020 for England. It hasn't really been Maguire's day for a while though, arguably a whole season, making things tricky for Rangnick, and before him Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. As club captain at United, Maguire should be a shoo-in and a standout player, but that couldn't be further from the truth. The 29-year-old hasn't missed many games, but was benched for the 0-0 draw with Watford a few weeks ago. Maguire was also taken off with seven minutes left to play in the 1-0 loss at Atletico Madrid that ended United's European run. JUST IN: Man Utd board accept 'mistake' on Ralf Rangnick as tensions grow The move came when United were chasing the game and Rangnick was clearly just trying to send more bodies forward. But Maguire is a lethal weapon in the air from set pieces and crosses, possibly suggesting that decision wasn't entirely down to an attacking perspective. Rangnick is expected to be replaced by the likes of Mauricio Pochettino or Erik ten Hag, top level coaches who, like Rangnick, have an impressive history. But they are facing a critical decision about Maguire - does he stay or does he go? Of course, United are never going to get anywhere close to the £80m they spent on him three years ago. But fresh blood is exactly what United need right now, and a clean slate would surely be the best way to go about things. READ MORE: Marcus Rashford's 'phone hasn't stopped ringing' as two giants race Speaking to BT Sport, former United star Scholes said of Maguire: "The manager has shown faith in him to keep playing him considering the form he's been in. For me, the worry is what does this say about [Victor] Lindelof? "When he's played, Lindelof has done okay. Nice and steady, not many mistakes. It seems everything Harry is doing has turned into an absolute disaster." Fellow pundit Rio Ferdinand added: "I think Rangnick is giving him the chance to perform. He's the captain of the football club. Captains at football clubs, in general, play. Harry himself will know he's been struggling for form recently - and when it's going against you, you tend to get punished for making mistakes time and time again."