Aries (Mar21/Apr20) The last thing you feel like is dealing with tension between two friends or two members of the family. It this seems likely you'll be doing your best to stop it dead. The more peaceful and relaxed your surroundings, the happier you will be. Taurus (Apr21/May21) There's an urgent need to make some changes in a close relationship in order to keep in touch with each other. You and a partner may not want to part but passion is waning due to your constant squabbling. Tension between you needs to be resolved. Gemini (May22/June21) Neighbours are happy to gossip but you won't join in. Eve so you are hearing what some people have to say and you could end the week a lot wiser than when it began. Your relationship with an older relative could use some work. Cancer (June22/July23) It will be interesting to see if a new work system works smoothly. You will be keeping the idea of re-introducing old routines you know work well, in reserve. Professional matters keep you engrossed and you will prefer not to become too involved in a team effort. READ MORE: Horoscopes: ‘Big-spirited’ Sagittarius is an ‘endless labyrinth’ Leo (July24/Aug23) There is a way to reduce tension in your household. Avoid topics you can't agree on and suggest doing things you all enjoy. Are you single? If you aren't sure how to approach someone you are attracted to, get a conversation going then suggest meeting up again for a drink. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Instead of wasting time on a job that is giving you one problem after another, ask for help. If you're struggling with anything, seek the advice of people who are qualified in this area. You are talented but you're thinking about the need for proper training and qualifications.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) There's no reason to feel ashamed because you want more freedom. You strive to be a good friend but taking responsibility for a weaker friend or partner is starting to make you feel resentful. The administrative task behind new procedures shouldn't be underestimated. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) People are more likely to confide in you. A friend or workmate will reveal a secret you will find hard to keep to yourself but you will do so. If you're wondering why it has taken so long for them to come out with it, it's because they needed to know you were the right person to confide in. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) You realise the need to put more effort than you have done in the past into family responsibilities. You can't keep expecting housemates to clean up after you. You haven't been there when someone needed you and now you're feeling awful about it. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Taking up a new work or social challenge will disrupt your family life but this is something you really want to do. Even if it means sacrificing your evenings and weekends over the weeks ahead, you will be glad you did so in the future. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) will be moments when you may have to act first and think about it later but you are alert and aware of what you are doing. Accepting a job offer will mean updating your skills and you will be happy to take this opportunity to further your talents. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20)