Charles Leclerc has been warned Ferrari "do not have the strongest engine" on the grid despite making a stunning start to the 2022 campaign. The Monegasque driver took the chequered flag in Bahrain on Sunday ahead of team-mate Carlos Sainz, who benefited from world champion Max Verstappen being forced out of the race late on. The result,  however, wasn't considered a huge shock given the performances of the two Scuderia drivers in pre-season testing. After completing more combined laps than any other team in Barcelona, the pair showed impressive pace in the second bout of testing in the Middle East, before Leclerc duly took pole position in the season opener. He then became embroiled in an epic duel with Verstappen, with the lead changing hands at multiple points before the Ferrari man began to pull clear. The Dutchman then had to retire late in the race due to car problems, allowing Sainz to come through, whilst Verstappen's Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez also spun out which enabled Lewis Hamilton to take third. Despite the season only being one race old, a perception is building that this season could represent the best chance the Italian giants will have of capturing a first drivers' title since 2007. In that campaign, Kimi Raikkonen was crowned champion after edging out then rookie Hamilton on the final weekend. JUST IN: Max Verstappen: Father Jos lifted lid on private conversation with Hamilton's dad However, former F1 driver and now pundit, Marc Surer, has seemingly issued a reality check to the early constructors' leaders. Speaking to Formula1News.co.uk, he suggested Ferrari's engine is no stronger than the Mercedes and Honda engines. He said: “I don’t agree that Ferrari has the strongest engine, I think they are up on the [same] level as Honda and Mercedes. “I hear from the customer teams that they found 25 horsepower and that’s what they were missing last year, so now they are on the same level. And remember last year they improved the hybrid and it was a big step for Ferrari. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton written off ahead of Saudi Arabian GP due to Red Bull and Ferrari advantageMercedes engineer warns Ferrari and Red Bull as 'quick fix' could turn tables at Saudi GPLewis Hamilton accused of 'using the force' as new footage of Sergio Perez spin surfaces “The customer teams did not have that; now they have the new hybrid and the stronger engine so that’s why they made a big jump as well.” Still, Ferrari will be considered the team to beat at the Jeddah Street Circuit this weekend. The 2021 race at the venue proved chaotic, with both yellow and red flags utilised by race stewards following a series of accidents on the track. And Surer added he thinks it will again be Ferrari and Red Bull fighting it out at the front.