Fans of Starz’s hit romance series, Outlander are used to seeing Sam Hueghan on screens as the Scottish highlander Jamie Fraser. However, away from the period drama costumes, the actor took to Instagram to give fans an insight into an adventure which turned into a tough challenge.  The actor posted a throwback video from the first day he took part in a 100-mile journey into the Scottish Highlands. In the video, the exhausted actor was out of breath as he looked at the rolling hills and impressive scenery. Heughan’s strenuous journey will be detailed in his upcoming debut novel ‘Waypoints’ which will also include his personal stories and various life experiences. As the actor tried to catch his breath in the video he stated: “That almost killed me,” before flipping his camera around and showing fans his spectacular view. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? His caption read: “Nearing the end of day 1, on my ‘Waypoints’ adventure last year. “Can’t wait to share the insights into my journey and reflections on my story so far, in my new memoir.” In the video, Heughan remarked: “That was tough,” as a reference to the mountain he had to climb in order to see the breathtaking scenery. Fans flooded his comments with their full support and admiration for the actor, while others shared they had pre-ordered his book.  @dianem_smith wrote: “Now you can look back and see what almost kills you, can make you stronger! You made it and wherever you end up, you know that you made it through the challenge of a stronger and wiser man for it!” @Olivia.B.Taylor shared: “The view was worth it though, can’t wait to read.” @AllenO_1800 commented: “Waw !! impressive !! You must have seen thousands of wonderful things can't wait to discover your book A grateful @rstark844 added: “Thank you for sharing this adventure of your journey and the wisdom you learned along your way.” DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby's tragic diagnosis incorrect? [THEORY]Outlander season 6: Caitriona Balfe confirms major ‘medical' storyline [INSIGHT]Sam Heughan sends fans into frenzy as he announces 'personal journey' [INSIGHT] @barbbourgeois99 was amazed: “Just Wow Sam!!! The scenery is breathtaking. Can’t wait to share this adventure with you once I get the book.” As michele_marie511 wrote: “Gorgeous landscape! I’m glad it didn’t kill you. Can’t imagine how accomplished you feel. Excited to read the new book!” The actor announced the release of the highly anticipated novel ‘Waypoints’ on Wednesday and it caused a fan frenzy. With an October release date, the book promises to be a “memoir with a difference.”  The synopsis of ‘Waypoints’ read: “With the rugged West Highland Way as the backdrop to the narrative, Sam writes a love letter to the wild Scottish landscape that means so much to him—full of charming, funny, wise, and searching insights into the world through his eyes. The 41-year-old also opened up about his upcoming book and stated the climb was a challenge for himself. He explained: “I wanted to tell the stories and share the experiences that have shaped me, but to do that I needed to challenge myself and spend some time in my own company, away from the distractions of everyday life. “And for me there’s no better place to reflect than in the wild Scottish Highlands,” he concluded. Outlander is available on Starz in the USA and available on Starzplay in the UK 