Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has received yet another electoral boost after ex-NHS nurse Paulette Hamilton saw off her Conservative challenger by 3,266 votes to win the race to succeed Jack Dromey as the MP for Birmingham Erdington. Ms Hamilton, a city councillor, received 55.5 percent of the vote but her majority was cut from the 3,601 vote lead Mr Dromey opened up in 2019. Tory candidate Robert Alden, who has stood in every Birmingham Erdington poll since 2010, finished in a distant second place on 36.3 percent. The result means the Labour Party has increased its majority since the 2019 General Election from 10.2 percent to 19.2 percent. However, Boris Johnson's party performed slightly better than the recent J&L Partners MRP opinion poll suggested. Their survey, conducted between January 11 and January 23, indicated the Tories would lose the Labour seat by a whopping 25.7 percent. The Conservative Party, who have lagged behind in the opinion polls since 'partygate' hit the frontpages, would not have expected to pull off a Hartlepool-style victory. Turnout in yesterday's by-election was down on the last general election, which saw 53.3 percent of constituents head to the polls, after just 27 percent of voters cast their ballots. JUST IN: Remainer Civil Service on alert as leading Brexiteer Baroness Gisela Stuart handed top job Residents in Birmingham Erdington have been represented by a Labour MP in the Commons ever since the 1945 General Election. But Sir Keir Starmer has come under pressure in recent days to suspend Ms Hamilton after resurfaced footage published by GB News showed the Labour candidate making some controversial comments in 2015. In the video, Hamilton questioned whether an "uprising" might help black people more than democratic politics. She said: "Although I believe in the votes, and I believe in our right to use that vote or destroy that vote, I’m not sure that we will get what we really deserve in this country using the votes. "But I don’t know if we are a strong enough group to get what we want to get if we have an uprising. "I think we will be quashed in such a way we could lose a generation of our young people. So I am very torn." Other contentious remarks about postal voting and local Labour MPs from the Muslim community were also made. But a Labour source responded yesterday by saying: "These attacks on a black woman seeking to become the city's first black MP are deeply disturbing. "Her comments are being misrepresented and taken out of context as part of a deliberate attempt by the Conservatives and their allies to hijack a democratic election." Trade Unionist & Socialist Coalition candidate Dave Nellist, a former Labour MP for Coventry South East, finished in third place on 2.1 percent. The Liberal Democrats, who have been buoyed by Blue Wall victories in Chesham & Amersham and North Shropshire, were unable to leave a dent in the contest. Lee Dargue only managed to obtain just one percent of the vote and subsequently lost his deposit. Reform UK, which emerged from the embers of the Brexit Party, also struggled to make the by-election a three-way race. Despite Birmingham Erdington backing Brexit and UKIP receiving 17.4 percent of the vote in 2015, Richard Tice's party finished in fourth place on just 1.7 percent. The Green Party received 1.4 percent of the vote and the remaining six candidates obtained a combined total of 1.9 percent. The Birmingham Erdington by-election was called after Mr Dromey, who served as the Treasurer of the Labour Party from 2004 to 2010, passed away from heart failure aged 72 in January. 