Lewis Hamilton has sent a message to Ferrari after sharing the podium with Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz at the Bahrain Grand Prix. The Briton secured a third-place finish after Red Bull duo Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez retired late on. The eagerly-anticipated new F1 season finally got underway on Sunday as Verstappen began the defence of the title he won last year. But it was the Ferrari drivers who went into the race in the ascendency after impressing during pre-season testing and qualifying. Leclerc took pole position and Sainz started in third, with Verstappen sandwiched between them. The champion was involved in an epic battle to wrestle the lead away from Leclerc during the first third of the race and managed to briefly find a way past the Monegasque driver three times. But on each occasion Leclerc fought back to regain the lead and frustrate the Dutchman. Verstappen looked to be heading for second place as the race entered its latter stages but suffered huge disappointment as he was forced to retire with three laps remaining, with team-mate Sergio Perez soon following him after spinning on the track. And Hamilton took full advantage as he claimed an unlikely podium finish before taking to social media to laud Ferrari for their success. JUST IN: Max Verstappen furious at Red Bull on mistakes that 'shouldn't happen'  “Great start to the season,” Hamilton wrote on Twitter. “We gave it our all and ended up with the best result we could have. Well done to the Ferraris, great to see them share the podium. Big week of work ahead but I know we got this.” Hamilton will be delighted to take 15 points from the opening race of the season after starting in fifth place. The ace had been plagued by a lack of speed during pre-season and qualifying and there were major doubts over whether Mercedes would be able to compete this season after cars were redesigned over the winter to make them more aerodynamic. Hamilton did lag behind for much of the contest but showed the spirit of a true champion to make it clear to his rivals that he can’t be dismissed at this stage. DON'T MISS    Ferrari worked tirelessly to ensure they had a competitive car this season and the Scuderia will surely now fancy themselves as the favourites to win the Constructors’ Championship at least. And Leclerc may also feel he has a good enough car to challenge Verstappen for the Drivers’ Championship. “I’m so happy,” Leclerc admitted after the race. “We knew this was a big opportunity for the team and the guys have done an incredible job building into amazing car. A one-two today with Carlos - we couldn’t hope for better. It’s incredible to be back at the top.” 