Cornish seaside villages are one area of the UK that has a lack of affordable houses for locals. Instead, “second-homes” for those living elsewhere make up a huge proportion of properties along the picturesque coast. In a bid to do something about the situation, furious residents have started vandalising exteriors to send clear messages to owners. A property believed to be a holiday home in the village of St Agnes has been daubed with graffiti. The message reads: "Second homeowners give something back: Rent or sell your empty houses to local people at a fair price." A neighbouring wall also reads: "No more investment properties." It comes as tensions have grown amongst Cornish locals in recent years with sought-after coastal spots being bought as second homes by people who live elsewhere. READ MORE: ‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World With fewer affordable homes available to rent or buy in Cornwall every year, the issue of second homes has become more prominent. The latest graffiti has divided public opinion; some locals are supportive whilst others believe it's a criminal act that won't have an effect. A commenter in favour of the move on a local news website said: "It’s a reasonable, and polite, request to be fair”. “Vandalism is bred from desperation [and] if that was my home, I’d never leave it." DON'T MISS...Rightmove urges homeowners to ‘make it their goal’ to sell now [NEWS]Inside Queen Letizia home: Spanish royals don’t live in Madrid [PICTURES]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [EXPERT] Someone else added: "Every time we walk past this house and others all I think about is how sad it is that it sits there empty most of the year. "Although vandalism won't solve it, it is a talking point." Many disagreed with one expressing: "I agree with the sentiment but this is vandalism and completely unnecessary." Similar comments read: "I know we're all unhappy with second homes taking over the houses in the village but this is vandalism." "The person responsible could get a criminal record for doing this - there are better ways to show your frustration." In the nearest large town to St Agnes, Redruth, house price sales over the last year were up 20 percent compared to the previous year. They were up 25 percent on the 2019 peak of £176,315. As for how popular Cornwall is as a place to rent a holiday home, Airbnb has more than 10,290 active listings. But only 69 rental properties are available for people to rent short term or long term on Rightmove. Residents believe higher property prices and increasing demand for Airbnbs in Cornwall are what's responsible for the shortage of homes. This is not the first time there has been angry graffiti in Cornwall, last June, tourists were told to “go home”. A message which read “tourists go home, no second homes” was sprayed on the road leading up to the Minack Theatre, a popular outdoor theatre built into the granite cliffside in Porthcurno.