If you’ve been putting off buying a new mattress at the expense of your sleep quality, now is the time to take the plunge - with up to 50 percent slashed off world-class mattresses from Simba, Emma, Eve Sleep, Nectar, Brook + Wilde, and more. We’ve rounded up where you can find the best deals, as well as the top five deals overall, so you can score yourself the best possible deal this March. READ MORE: 13 best mattresses 2022: Memory foam, pocket sprung and hybrid Best Simba mattress deals 2022: 40% slashed off mattresses and bundles in new sale 9 Best memory foam mattresses 2022: Full-body support while you sleep Brook + Wilde: 40 percent off luxury mattresses. Simba: Up to 40 percent off mattresses and 35 percent off accessories. Emma: Up to 50 percent off mattresses and bundles for new customers. Nectar: 43 percent off mattresses and 50 percent off sofa bed. Eve sleep: Up to 40 percent off foam mattresses. Dreamcloud: 50 percent off mattresses and 20 percent off bed frames. OTTY: Up to 45 percent off mattresses and bundles. Mattressman: 20 percent of Silentnight mattresses with code SN20 + 15 percent off other mattresses Specifications: Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 25cm | Material: Memory foam | Firmness: Medium-firm. If you’re on the market for a memory foam mattress, Emma is one of the best there is. Three layers of pressure-relieving foam and top-tier temperature regulation make this one an ideal fit for an array of sleeping styles and body types. From £274.45 - Buy on Emma here. Specifications: Sizes available: Single, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 28cm | Material: Hybrid | Firmness: Medium-firm. Offering full-body support that will help you wake up feeling well-rested and free from aches and pains, this luxury hybrid mattress uses memory foam with ActivEdge™ pocket springs that support front, back, and side sleepers. From £449.55 - buy on Dreamcloud here. Specifications: Sizes available: Single, small double, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 25cm | Material: Memory foam | Firmness: Medium-firm This medium-firm mattress from Nectar will hug the body with three thick layers of foam that provide body support and spinal alignment, while also keeping you cool with temperature regulation technology. From £324.33 - Buy on Nectar here. Specifications: Sizes available: single, double, king, superking | Mattress depth: 20cm | Material: Hybrid | Firmness: medium-firm. The iconic Original Hybrid mattress from Eve Sleep, this is a superior hybrid mattress that will give you the perfect combination of support and comfort. From £300 - Shop on Eve Sleep here. There really is no ‘best’ kind of mattress, because the best for you depends on your personal needs - there’s no one-size-fits-all with mattresses. In order to figure out which kind is best for you, you can take a look at the three main types of mattresses and decipher which one will best suit your needs. Pocket sprung Able to range from extra soft to the firmest of the firm, pocket sprung mattresses can suit a variety of needs. Also, if you tend to get warm at night, these kinds of mattresses don’t get as hot as memory foam mattresses, perfect for sharing beds with an extra-warm partner. Memory foam Memory foam mattresses offer a superior level of comfort and support by softening and moulding to your body shape over time. These kinds of mattresses are ideal for side sleepers and those who suffer from neck, shoulder, back, or hip pain. Hybrid Combining memory foam and spring technology, hybrid mattresses tend to be the most expensive as you get to enjoy the pressure relief from the foam as well as the firmer feel of a spring mattress for unbeatable comfort and support.