The latest concerns the mega-bungle surrounding our reception of the tide of Ukrainians fleeing their ravaged homeland, seeking warmth, food and sanctuary. As with rescuing those who helped us in Afghanistan, sheer incompetence has left us miles behind all other countries. It is blazingly obvious that the Ukrainians have nothing in common with the usual run of main-chancers smuggling themselves by the thousand across the Channel every night as our unfit-for-purpose Home Office wrings its hands.  That category comprises overwhelmingly fit young men.The Ukrainians are mainly women, children and the old and frail. Having brought them to the western border, the young Ukrainians return to fight, leaving their helpless families to our tender mercies. And what do our bureaucrats do? Leave them queuing in the cold while the plods fill in forms. There are other obvious differences. The Ukrainians are not fleeing a brutal dictatorship like so many. Ukraine has been an elective democracy since freedom from the USSR. So the vast majority will want to go back home - when they can. They are not fleeing starvation; Ukraine is the breadbasket of eastern Europe and they have always fed well. And they are not fleeing poverty, hunger and disease for a better (permanent) life in Britain. Cannot the paper-shufflers who are supposed to be directed by Priti Patel see that?  AS FOR SPACE, thanks to the Defence Ministry cutting our defences to the bone just in time for Afghanistan and Ukraine, we have acres of military married quarters standing vacant. Give the conversion job to the Army that built the Nightingale Hospitals in record time and they could be ready in a week. In North Kent stands the huge Manston airbase, now abandoned and empty. Surely it makes sense to escort the refugees over the Channel without an hour's delay, welcome them as guests not layabouts and then process them in warmth and with food for them and their kids. But waiting in line in the Polish snow? It's stupid and inhuman but apparently that's what our Home Office jobsworths are doing. Forgive me for saying it again - it is well time for a massive clear-out of the rubbish we are employing at staggering cost. And ministers who could not lead thirsty Marines into a bar should also go.  RUSSIANS possess a legendary patriotism, enabling them to endure terrible suffering on behalf of beloved Mother Russia. And always the reason is that it is Russia being attacked. In the SECOND WORLD WAR Hitler was the aggressor and inflicted hideous sufferings on Russia and her people, masking the savage cruelties of Stalin himself. But study history and it is clear that for most of the previous ten centuries Russia was the attacker, though her people were told the reverse and believed it. The same applies today - so far. But there is one new technology that may defeat a thousand years of precedent. It could yet be that Putin's lies this time will not work. The Internet. That little screen is an enemy no Communist despot or Tsar ever had to face - it tells hundreds of millions of Russians what is really happening. This time their credulousness will have a time limit.When the Putin lies over Ukraine are exposed and not believed any more, the mood may alter. So far polls show the majority of the masses still support Putin. But those in power around him are watching like hawks. If the people start to swerve there may be sufficient of them to realise that enough is enough and we could see a surprise at the heart of the Kremlin. THE LAST two weekends have been an Olympic-sized swimming pool of nostalgia. First came the remake of The Ipcress File, not a patch on the 1965 original, based on the first of the great Len Deighton's trilogy. The key, of course, was Michael Caine, fresh from his blistering 1964 career launch in Zulu. Few have ever been able to take and own the screen like Michael but back then he was new to us. The following night was a rescreening of the original Funeral In Berlin with the real Michael Caine. That was 1966. It was one hell of an age for Cold War-based spy novels, with John le Carré's The Spy Who Came In From The Cold book in 1963 and Richard Burton's edge-of-seat film in 1965. Two stunning writers, two ditto actors and two ditto films. They all rang a bell for me because I was just back from a year living and working in East Berlin. I knew Checkpoint Charlie better than Charing Cross. Nowadays codgers can cause eyes to glaze recalling the Cuban Missile Crisis (1962), assassination of Kennedy (1963) and the fall of Khrushchev (1964). We lived through hellish times with films to match. WE ARE all being urged, if we have spare rooms available, to take in as house guests the homeless victims of Ukraine now pouring towards the West. The British are a famously compassionate and generous folk. But how are the less-well off to begin to afford further increases on their domestic services charges when, thanks to governmental shortsightedness, they are going to spiral into the stratosphere anyway? There may be a simple answer staring at us. Apart from all the military premises standing vacant those departed Russian oligarchs may be lolling on their yachts off Montenegro but they have left behind enormous mansions with hundreds of bedrooms, all warm and snug, with gas and electricity bills paid by standing order. All we need do is commandeer them, give homes to the refugees until they can go back to Ukraine and send any bill to the Russian embassy. IN THESE days when all public life is dominated by the woke wallies who panic over everything, many radio and TV programmes are preceded by warnings that the contents of what is to follow may shock or disturb. We now live in an era when saying or doing something that might provoke or exacerbate mental problems close to an indictable crime. But I saw a warning the other day in front of Mastermind. For Pete's sake, it's a general knowledge quiz show. Surely there should be warnings before Listen With Mother? I recall a story of a little girl in a red coat who went through the forest to visit her grandmother only to discover the old lady had been eaten alive by a wolf. Surely worth a full-scale nervous breakdown? Along with several dozen other fairy stories. SEEING as they were a bit grubby I consigned a pair of blue jeans to the laundry and selected a pair of yellow trousers to replace them. With blue shirt and sweater on top, I set off for the pub lunch. More than puzzled, I was met with a smattering of applause. Then I noticed a poster behind the bar advertising a pro- Ukrainian charity collection. With a flag. Perchance the colours of Ukraine are blue over yellow. As the colour scheme is very appropriate at the moment, I shall keep them on a while. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea NICOLA STURGEON continues, when she can get the media to take any notice of her, to clamour for what she calls Scottish independence. She means unilateral secession from the United Kingdom, created by solemn treaty in 1707. Problem. Analysts have now established that without English financial support Scotland is functionally bankrupt. Post-secession she could live in ostracised poverty or, seeking to join another union like the EU, be as welcome as an outbreak of Covid. 