Vladimir Putin decided last Sunday to raise his deterrent forces - including nuclear weapons - to “special alert” in the face of what he deemed “aggressive statements” from the West. The development came at a point where Russia was struggling to deal with stubborn resistance from Ukraine after launching an invasion into its ex-Soviet neighbour the previous week. Mr Putin’s decision does not mean that Russia intends to use its nuclear weapons in the near future. However, what could be some of the circumstances that prompt the Russian President to use them in the Ukrainian war? Mr Putin’s decision to raise Russia’s alert was later blamed on comments made by a number of western officials, including the UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. READ MORE: Boris Johnson threatened with sanctions by Chechnya  The comments in question were never disclosed but nonetheless it provided a snapshot of what Moscow discerns as threats towards its security interests. Speaking on Tuesday Russia’s Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the West must not build military facilities in any countries formerly of the Soviet Union. He was quoted by the Russian news agency RIA as saying it was unacceptable that some European countries hosted US nuclear weapons. US nuclear warheads have been deployed in Europe since the mid-1950s, after ex-president Dwight D. Eisenhower authorised their storage at allied North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) bases.  According to the Centre For Arms Control and Nonproliferation, the following European countries host US nuclear weapons: DON'T MISS: Lavrov issues chilling warning to West over nuclear war [NEWS]Putin left reeling as key ally Belarus refuses to join war [EXPLAINED]Russian soldiers head home on foot en masse [INSIGHT]  Mr Lavrov also told a Geneva disarmament meeting, on Tuesday, that Kyiv has been seeking to acquire nuclear weapons, calling this a real danger that it needed to prevent. He said: “Ukraine still has Soviet technologies and the means of delivery of such weapons. We cannot fail to respond to this real danger.” No official evidence was provided by Mr Lavrov as part of his claims, but Russia could still potentially use it as a pretext to introduce nuclear weapons to the conflict.  After launching a full-scale invasion of Ukraine more than a week ago Moscow has only managed to take the port city of Kherson - on Wednesday, March 2. Stubborn Ukrainian resistance has so far prevented Russia from making significant gains, with both sides claiming to have inflicted heavy casualties on each other. In fact, Russia has already been accused of using “illegal” cluster and vacuum bombs in the conflict Amnesty International has said international humanitarian law prohibits the use of inherently indiscriminate weapons such as cluster munitions. 