Cristiano Ronaldo snubbed Manchester City in the summer to return home to Manchester United, and the 37-year-old must have been dreaming about the trip to the Etihad Stadium all season. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner will have a lot of motivation heading into Sunday's derby, with a lot up for grabs both personally and for the club. Manchester United have the chance to get their revenge on Manchester City on Sunday as they travel to the Etihad Stadium for the second derby of the season. City dominated United at Old Trafford and eased to a 2-0 win without really getting out of second gear, but the Red Devils seem to play better against the Champions away from home. Cristiano Ronaldo almost made the move to City in the summer but decided to return to United and keep his legacy intact, although United are battling for the top four while the Champions are on course to defend their crown. The stage is set for Ronaldo score at the stadium he almost ended up calling home back last summer, and the Portuguese star is fuelled by more than just pride ahead of Sunday's game. Here Express SPORT takes a look at four motivations Ronaldo has as he looks to steal the headlines against City. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte blasts own team's medical department  United fans were stunned and appalled at the reports that Ronaldo could be joining bitter rivals City, just 12 years after leaving Old Trafford with what was previously understood to be an untouchable legacy. But a whirlwind 24 hours saw Ronaldo go from being a nailed on Citizen, to an old-time Red, and his homecoming was like a scene out of a film, although it's not been the happiest of endings so far. Ronaldo has continued his prolific goal scoring streak at United, but the club have struggled this season a lot more than many anticipated back in August. However, United still have a lot to play for this season, and if he can provide the goods at the Etihad then it proves he made the right decision by staying loyal. READ MORE: Man Utd's Raphael Varane 'doubts' proven right in damning evaluation  Throughout Ronaldo's incredible career, he has always provided whenever he is needed most, whether that be at United, Real Madrid or even Juventus. It's by no fluke that the 37-year-old has five Ballon d'Or's to his name, as his brilliance has inspired silverware wherever he calls home. But Ronaldo is suffering from a rare goal drought in the Premier League, and although United have only lost once under Ralf Rangnick, they are drawing too many games as they fail to find that game winner. If Ronaldo can be the difference again, he will silence all of his critics, and even former Brazil star Ze Roberto suggested that the forward should consider retiring from football. Ze Roberto told Sky Sports: "In the last two years, we have seen he has not been able to do that [try to be the best player] with Juventus and now with Manchester United. The best proof of that is that he hasn't been among the top two or three players for the big individual prizes."  United are currently sat in fourth, but with Arsenal just two points behind with three games in hand, their position is under serious threat. West Ham and Tottenham are also breathing down their necks, and currently the top four is out of their hands as teams around them have games to make up. Any further slip-ups could cost United as the season begins to draw to a close, and it would be crazy to imagine Ronaldo playing anything other than Champions League football. Ronaldo has to inspire victories to keep their hopes alive, for the sake of him and the future of the club.  City may have risen to the top, but although they are consistently winning Premier League titles while United remain in the shadows, the Red Devils are still a bigger club overall. There aren't many bigger clubs in the world than United, although they are currently being bullied by the more fashionable City side, much to their disgust. United have had recent success at the Etihad as they won their last three games there under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, and it's acted as a constant, humble reminder that they are still able to compete with City. Ronaldo has the perfect chance to keep that trend going, rubbing further salt in the wound as United beat City to the transfer in the summer also. 