The late British actress was famous as one of the stars of the classic BBC comedy, ‘Last of the Summer Wine’. The world’s longest-running sitcom will be honoured tonight with ‘Last of the Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughs’. Channel 5’s special tribute show features contributions from members of the much-loved programme’s cast and crew. Never-before-seen interviews and behind-the-scenes archive footage tell the story of the iconic programme. Filmed in the Yorkshire village of Holmfirth, ‘Last of the Summer Wine’ ran for an incredible 37 years. The BBC announced in 2010 that it was going to axe the series, which was written by Roy Clarke and produced and directed by Alan J W Bell. The comedy famously revolved around the trio of Compo Simmonite, Norman Clegg, and originally Cyril Blamire. Compo is enchanted by his next-door neighbour, Nora Batty, an archetypal Northern battleaxe, played by Kathy Staff. The actress, who died aged 80 in 2008, once opened up about playing the “horrible” character in a throwback interview. JUST IN: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail in Jill Halfpenny series Kathy discussed Nora, who was famous for her wrinkled stockings and keeping her curlers in her hair, in an interview with the Manchester Evening News. She said: “I don't think she could have been more horrible if she'd tried. “Perhaps it's those wrinkled stockings and curlers that turn people on.” Kathy, who played the character in 243 episodes, passed away after being diagnosed with a brain tumour. The actress’ long TV career also included roles in other northern favourites, ‘Coronation Street’ and ‘Open All Hours’. Although Kathy is known to many as Nora, the ever-watchful woman from Yorkshire, she was actually born in Dukinfield, Greater Manchester. The actress attended the town’s St Mark's Church where she was baptised and remained a member of the congregation. The Rev Alison Cox, the priest in charge of St Mark's when Kathy died, gave a touching tribute to the late star. Quoted by the MEN, she said: “Her death will be greeted with much sadness. She was held in great affection by all the parishioners of St Mark's and way beyond our church. “Kathy was baptised in St Mark's, got married here and was, with her husband John, a member of the choir. DON'T MISS: ‘It was a no brainer’ Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series [LATEST]The Dropout real story: Elizabeth Holmes ‘upset’ professor by ignoring advice for Theranos [INSIGHT]Joe Exotic’s furious outburst at Louis Theroux during tense exchange: ‘F*** you!’ [ANALYSIS] “We will miss her terribly. She was a very friendly and warm woman; faithful and generous. “The whole nation will mourn her passing. By her work as an actress over the years she has brought so much pleasure to millions of people. “Despite her illness, she was in church up until a month ago and despite being unsteady on her feet she went into the kitchen afterwards to help wash up after tea.” Her ‘Last of the Summer Wine’ co-stars also paid tribute to their former colleague. Alan, the programme’s producer, said: “She was such a good lady, she was religious, she would never do anyone any harm. “But above all that, she was thoroughly professional.” ‘Last of the Summer Wine: 30 Years of Laughs’ airs on Channel 5 tonight from 8:30pm-10pm.