The West has “completed ignored the signals coming from Russia and defence spending has now been cut to the bone”. He’s added: “There’s been a sort of cumulative disarmament.” General Shirreff said there is a “new cold war” and leaders at the Nato meeting in Brussels must prevent it from escalating. Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme, the retired army officer said: “The reality is that Russia has been at war with the West since the invasion of Ukraine in 2014. “The invasion of Crimea, the West has completely ignored the signals coming from Russia. “And defence spending has now been cut to a bone. “There’s been a sort of cumulative disarmament, particularly in Europe over the last decade plus, now is the time to turn that round. “Now is the time to put that right. There has to be a recognition that there will be no peace in Europe, while Putin is in the Kremlin. “In Ukraine, the war is hot has gone hot.” He called for a significant ramp-up of Nato forces on Europe’s eastern flank, for more defence spending, and for western countries to continue to provide equipment to support Ukraine’s fight against Russia. He said there needs to be a far bigger deployment than the four battlegroups to eastern Europe. He added: “That is not going to raise the bar of risk so high that Putin thinks it’s not worth a go at NATO. To be really effective, this has got to be a warfighting force four five times that sort of number. “Our political leaders have got to make some tough choices, of course they have. “But at the end of the day, defence is the first priority of government. “And until some of the military capabilities that have been taken away, reduced, and have I’ve disappeared in the last decade, plus are put back - appropriate for the needs of 21st century warfare - we will continue to stand into danger. “So I think defence spending has got to be a major priority for this government.” It comes amid claims Vladimir Putin is facing an increasing risk of rebellion from his security services as long as his disastrous war in Ukraine rumbles on, a dissident Russian journalist has claimed. Vladimir Osechkin has been publishing letters by an agent in the Federal Security Service [FSB], the principal successor to the notorious Soviet-era KGB, which reveal anger at the president. So far Mr Osechkin has published almost a dozen letters from the whistleblower. Putin is claimed to have blamed the FSB for Russia’s failure in Ukraine, with observers believing he had intended to overthrow the democratically-elected government of Volodymyr Zelenskyy rapidly. Mr Osechkin - who lives in exile in France - said: “For 20 years Putin created stability in Russia. “FSB officers, policemen, state prosecutors - those people inside the system - were able to live good lives. “But now that has all gone. They recognise that this war is a catastrophe for the economy, for humanity. They don’t want to go back to the Soviet Union.”