Anne Boleyn was the second wife of Henry VIII, who was King of England from 1509 until his death in 1547. Henry was enthralled by Anne’s beauty when he first laid eyes upon the young woman at court. She was a lady-in-waiting for the King’s first wife Catherine of Aragon, who he married aged just 17. Henry’s passion for Anne – and Catherine’s failure to give birth to a male heir – led him to ask Pope Clement VII for an annulment of his first marriage so he could remarry. However, his appeals to the pontiff were rejected, leading him to split from the Catholic Church and create the Church of England. Henry had a couple of happy years with Anne, but like Catherine, she was also unable to give birth to a baby boy. Her and Henry’s relationship soured, with hostilities between the pair escalating after Anne was accused of having affairs. Anne was eventually executed in 1536, just three years after she and Henry married and welcomed their daughter Elizabeth, the future Queen. A historian has revealed how Henry regretted his actions towards Anne, with key evidence about his feelings towards her “going unnoticed” for centuries. JUST IN: Prince William pays sweet tribute to Prince Harry in reminder of ‘happy family day’ Sandra Vasoli explained how in Henry’s final hours, he expressed remorse to those close to him as he lay dying. Ms Vasoli, who wrote the 2015 book ‘Anne Boleyn's Letter from the Tower: A New Assessment’, made her discovery about Henry’s regrets over his wife in a French book held in the archives of the British Library. The expert told Express.co.uk: “You can see this writing, although it's difficult because it's all in old French. “There might even be more in his book about it, but who is going through this humongous volume of old French? Nobody. “So, a lot of this stuff I think goes unnoticed.” The volume Ms Vasoli unearthed from the archives was by Bishop White Kennett, a historical expert and translator from the period. He quoted from the book ‘Cosmographie Universalle’, written by French writer, traveller and Franciscan friar André Thevet, who lived at the same time as Henry and may have been around at his death. Thevet wrote: “The King acknowledges with great grief at his death the injuries he had done to the lady Anne Boleyn and her daughter. “Several English gentlemen have confided to me that he has repented upon his deathbed of the injustices done to Queen Anne Boleyn. “Of her having been falsely accused, and for the punishment imposed upon her that she died in good Christian standing and is to be buried in accordance with the church of Rome. DON'T MISS: Camilla health fears as 'struggling' Duchess forced to pull out of planned Cheltenham trip [LATEST]Royal POLL: Will you listen to Meghan Markle’s new Spotify podcast? [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Camilla's rift exposed as Duchess left 'miffed' by snub [ANALYSIS] “It is in association with this situation, that he [Henry] has attempted to right these injustices, and with his whole heart, signs his name to this testimony’.” Ms Vasoli said the account provided by Thevet fits with what we already know about Henry and his final days. She said: “It does actually fit in, because in the last hours of his life, in the last days of his life, there were only a very select few people who were around him. “We know that Sir Anthony Denny was asked to tell Henry that his hours were limited and his death was imminent. “And at that point, they summoned Thomas Cranmer, the Archbishop, but by the time he arrived from wherever he was, Henry couldn't speak anymore. “There were a few people who were there with him at his time of death. “You have to wonder to whom Henry confessed this grief and if they confessed it or told it to this Franciscan friar.” ‘Anne Boleyn's Letter from the Tower: A New Assessment’ was written by Sandra Vasoli and published by MadeGlobal Publishing in 2015. It is available here.