Tomato plants promise a vast yield of delicious fruits throughout the summer, provided they are planted in time and have the right environment. Though seeds can be sown as early as February, the planting season is coming rapidly to an end. How much time to have to sow your tomato seeds depends on whether you are hoping to plant them indoors or outdoors. This is because seeds sown indoors have warm conditions much earlier in the year. Tomato plants prefer warm areas, full sun and well-drained soil The seeds germinate fastest at temperatures between 21C and 26C. Once planted in the garden, the plants thrive in temperatures between 18C and 23C if enjoying six to eight hours of full sun daily. READ MORE: Lawn care: The mowing trick to ‘always' use when cutting grass According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS): "Sow from late February to mid-March if you’ll be growing your crop in a greenhouse, or from late March to early April if they’ll be outside." With the middle of March rapidly approaching, this week could be the perfect time to get your tomato plants sown in a greenhouse. However, if you are planting in the garden, the window for sowing is a little wider. According to RHS, gardeners can sow "from late March to early April" if the plants will be outside. DON'T MISSHow to protect your garden plants from slugs [REVEALED]How to clean your patio with two kitchen items [INSIGHT]How to clean your patio without a pressure washer [EXPLAINER] If you are sowing outside, you may need to cover your plants with vermiculite and keep them at around 18C in a heated propagator. Alternatively, you can cover with a clear plastic bag and start seeds on a warm windowsill. RHS adds: "As soon as seedlings appear - usually within a fortnight – uncover and place in as much light as possible, to prevent them growing thin and leggy." After a couple of weeks, your tomato plants will be ready for "potting on". This is when you move seedlings into individual pots. To do this, fill small pots with multi-purpose compost and water well, then make a hole in the centre of each. Lift each seedling individually, making sure to fully support its rootball. Hold the plant by the leaf rather than by the delicate stem. Then, lower it into a new hole. Try to keep plants in a greenhouse or on a warm, sunny windowsill. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Ideally, your tomato plant wants to be in an environment that is at least 16C. Water regularly and after around one month, they should be ready for planting their final position as soon as the first flowers open. Tomato plants are usually ready to harvest between July and September.