Coronation Street youngster Sam (played by Jude Riordan) has had a traumatic few months after his mother, Natasha Blakeman (Rachel Leskovac), was murdered by Harvey Gaskell (Will Mellor). Since her death, Sam has struggled to process her death and became mute because of it. Sam has made progress over the last couple of months, but his father Nick (Ben Price), has become concerned he is falling behind at school and focussing on playing chess as a way to process his grief. However, step-mother Leanne (Jane Danson) is in full support of the way Sam is coping and could soon end up putting her relationship at risk to support Sam. In upcoming scenes, Roy Cropper (David Neilson) arranges for Sam to play Brian Packham (Peter Gunn) at chess in a bid to boost his confidence. However, Nick is becoming more concerned about Sam's progress at school when he learns that he has fallen behind whilst focussing on his chess passion. Wanting to talk to his son, Leanne tells him to go easy on him, but Nick puts his foot down and tells an upset Sam he is no longer allowed to play until he gets his grades up at school. Nick seeks advice from his mum Gail Platt (Helen Worth) and tells her he is worried that Sam is using chess as a distraction so he doesn't have to think about his mum's death. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series After playing a game with Brian, he encourages Sam about his talent in chess and ends up leaving a smile on Sam's face prompting Leanne to make a troubling decision. Wanting to make Sam happy, Leanne tells Nick that he has an after school club, which leaves him pleased to see his son socialising with children of his own age. In reality, Sam is in the cafe with Roy playing chess with Leanne watching on with pride seeing how happy it makes him. Could Leanne's risky decision to lie to Nick backfire and leave their relationship in the deep end? How will Nick react once he finds out the truth about what Leanne has done? After Natasha's death, Sam struggled to process that she was actually gone and left viewers in tears as he told his dad he kept thinking he was going to see her. In scenes that aired in October after Natasha's exit from the ITV soap, he thought that seeing her would help him to deal with her passing. He also told Nick it would also give him the chance to say goodbye one last time. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street's Sally Metcalfe to return with Sophie Webster? [INSIGHT]Coronation Street pregnancy as Emma Brooker to have baby in exit plot? [LATEST]Coronation Street tragedy as Abi Franklin dies in horror car crash? [WATCH] As Sam visited his mum, he began reading a letter he had written to her before speaking from memory. "Mum, did I tell you that I loved you? Did I say the actual words? "Did you know anyway? Because I'm scared that you didn't, and I'm scared that when you used to kiss me with your sticky strawberry lip gloss, I pulled away because I'm not a fan of sticky strawberry lip gloss. "I'm scared that when you wanted me to dance in the kitchen with you, that I didn't dance enough. That I should have spun you like you spun me, and I don’t know why I didn't. "I'm scared that when you used to come in my bed in the mornings, that I pushed you away, only because your toes are so cold, not because I didn't love you. "I love you, Mum, I love you, but it's all too late now." During Christmas, after months of radio silence from Sam, Nick was overjoyed when he heard his son talking to Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan) through walkie talkies. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.