Hidden deep inside your belly, visceral fat surrounds some of your vital organs, such as the liver, pancreas and intestines. Due to this tricky location, the build-up of this harmful fat can lead to serious health problems, including heart disease and diabetes. The good news is that lifestyle tweaks can help stamp the stubborn fat out. Lurking in your abdominal cavity, visceral fat might be difficult to identify. Unlike subcutaneous fat, this type isn’t the jiggly substance underneath your skin that you can pinch. However, certain visual characteristics like protruding belly, large-waist or apple-shaped figure could be warning signs of the culprit. When it comes to getting rid of the belly fat, certain breakfast foods could be quite potent, according to research published in the journal Lipids in Health and Disease. READ MORE: Cancer warning: The ‘popular’ vitamin associated with a 91% higher risk of the disease If your favourite breakfast consists of eggs, you’ll be pleased to find out that this food could help burn visceral fat. Previous findings have shared that egg white protein was able to cut fat in animal models. This research looked, particularly, at lactic-fermented egg whites. This approach facilitates the consumption of egg whites by fermenting them with lactobacillus.  The study looked at 37 participants in total, divided into two groups. One group followed the egg white protocol while the other consumed a drink containing whey. Both diets provided eight grams of the specific protein daily. Following this diet for 12 weeks, the researchers found that the egg white drink was able to “significantly” lower visceral fat area. The study concluded: “The results demonstrated that lactic fermented egg white reduces visceral fat and improves the ratio of visceral to subcutaneous fat area.” One reason why eggs could be a good choice for weight loss is their protein content. As a building block of a fat-burn diet, protein can assist weight loss because your body breaks it down slowly. Plus, protein-high foods will make you feel full for longer by fighting off hunger and increasing fullness hormones, according to the National Library of Medicine. Protein can also help cut the hunger hormone called ghrelin. The Harvard Health T.H. Chan School of Public Health explains that feeling full for longer can help you take control of your calorie intake and consequently help you lose belly fat. On top of that, the macronutrient can also boost your metabolism, helping you to lose weight. Some studies have even observed that people who follow high-protein diets had lower levels of visceral fat.