 Nile Gardiner, an ex-advisor to Margaret Thatcher, blasted President Biden on Twitter after he made an error in his speech. The 46th President was in the middle of a rallying speech about the strength and power of the Ukrainian people when he mistakenly said Vladimir Putin will “never gain the hearts and souls of the Iranian people” instead of the Ukrainian people.   Mr Gardiner said on Twitter: "Donald Trump would have been roasted alive by the US liberal media for a gaffe like this. "But as it’s Joe Biden, he is simply given a pass." Donald Trump Jr was also quick to tease his father's successor, saying: "Close enough guys." The blunder instantly went viral on social media, with the word 'Iranian' trending on Twitter.   The US President is not a stranger to making gaffes during speeches, and it has become a habit of his audience to sit on the edge of their seat and wait for a slip up to be made. But Biden has suffered from a stutter for many years, leading some people to attribute his mistakes to his speech impediment. However, the recurring issue has led to many people questioning the mental ability and sharpness of the 79-year-old President. A poll conducted by ABC News and the Washington Post the evening before the State of the Union address concluded that 54 percent of Americans do not believe Mr Biden has the “mental sharpness it takes to serve effectively as President". READ MORE:Putin crumbling as troops reject war and oligarchs seek 'revenge'  Republican representative for Kentucky Thomas Massie took to Twitter to mock the President by tweeting list after list of the blunders made by Mr Biden. Mr Massie tweeted: “Does anyone speak Biden? Can you translate these?... He met a mall of resistance…Freedun loving Americans…” Another post from Mr Massie poked fun at the 46th President by changing the abbreviation of #SOTU, the hashtag for the State of the Union address, to mean slur of the Union. DON'T MISS:Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how (REVEAL)Pension poll: Are YOU worried about the triple lock being scrapped? (POLL)Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics (PICTURES)  A shrewd eyed observer on Twitter noticed that Vice President Kamala Harris, who was sat directly behind the President while he made his speech, mouthed the word ‘Ukrainian’ after he made his blunder and appeared rather uncomfortable. Experts have warned that the latest mistake of the President is already detracting from the key messages of his address, including bipartisan support for Biden’s strong stance on Russia. 