Dr Michael Mosley often shares his weight loss tips with slimmers online as well as on television. He is the creator of The Fast 800 – a diet plan that helps people lose weight quickly. Dr Mosley explained that even the slimmest people struggle with belly fat and find it “frustrating”. He said: “After all, committing to eating well and exercising is a pretty major lifestyle shift – you’re doing your bit, so why won’t your body co-operate? So, what’s going on?” The first step to losing belly fat, according to the doctor, is to understand it. “And to understand belly fat, you need to understand the basics of how insulin works,” the doctor said. READ MORE: Dietitian shares the number one green vegetable for weight loss He continued: “Your body makes insulin after a meal in order to keep blood sugar stable. “On your cell walls, insulin opens up glucose ports to allow sugar through – for burning in muscle, and for storage in fat. In your fat, insulin also curbs the release of fatty acids into your system. “All well and good – as long as your insulin is working. However, as we age, cell-wall insulin receptors become less sensitive. “As a result, even after a meal, our blood is replete with glucose and fatty acids. This is a toxic brew, driving an array of bad outcomes, including rapidly-expanding belly fat.” DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle: Why Duchess prefers hugs to handshakes [BODY LANGUAGE]Orchid care: Secret to a flowering orchid - use old fish tank water [EXCLUSIVE]Weight loss and mental health: 7 steps to help you 'lose weight' [COMMENT] So, how can slimmers avoid – or reduce – this rapidly-expanding belly fat? According to Dr Mosley: “You can lose belly fat, and you can lose it fast.” He said: “To make a serious impact on your belly fat, cutting out sugar-spikes is key. “A surprising number of ‘diet’ snacks and drinks are high in sugar, and are marketed as diet foods because they happen to be low in fat.” Therefore, Dr Mosley recommended “limiting your intake of any food or drink containing more than five percent sugar to no more than twice a week. “This includes sweet fruits like mango and pineapple, and sugary smoothies and juices. “Likewise, replace processed carbs like white bread, chips and pasta with slow-release energy sources, such as brown rice or quinoa.” He added: “Two things will surprise you: the amount of sugar you were consuming unawares, and the speed at which your belly fat will begin to tame itself.” Exercise is just as important as diet when it comes to losing belly fat, and Dr Mosley explained it is “key” for various reasons. He said: “It is amongst the best things you can do for a long and healthy life. “While exercise alone will not help you lose the stubborn fat from round your middle, it can be crucial for helping reduce the risk of re-gaining fats well as lowering blood sugar levels and improving insulin sensitivity.” But what are the best exercises to do to achieve this? Dr Mosley went on to explain: “Research has shown the extraordinary impact that ultra-short bursts of Hight Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) can have. All in just a few minutes. “Not only is it effective, but study after study has shown it is much easier to stick to.” The doctor added: “So, conventional diet and training regimes don’t help you to lose belly fat. “And let’s face it: surrounded by junk food, dosed with snacks and working in sedentary jobs, we live in an environment that piles it on. “And yet more and more people are discovering that with the right lifestyle changes, they can burn it off. “And most amazing? It’s not as hard as you think.”