A top expert has dispelled a myth “commonly held amongst older people” that accelerating payments on a mortgage is worthwhile. Contrary to this advice, Britons have been urged not to plough their savings into overpaying a mortgage, as higher growth opportunities may be missed. Express.co.uk spoke to Amy Goodall-Smith, chartered financial planner at Goodall-Smith Wealth Management, who shared these thoughts. She said: “It does very much depend on your attitude to risk and your capacity for loss, i.e. if you can afford fluctuations in the market. “But there are a few points you should consider before paying off your mortgage. “If you overpay, you will shorten the term of your mortgage and save yourself some interest. READ MORE: State pensioners could get five key income top-ups “However, it is likely your interest rate at the moment is going to be relatively low. “For example, if your interest rate was two percent, overpaying by £100 will save you £2 in interest in a year.” Ms Goodall-Smith also highlighted some individuals may have to pay penalties for paying off their mortgage early. This is because the mortgage provider can penalise individuals should they pay off debt early, as they end up receiving less in interest. Consequently, there may be better uses for money which could have otherwise paid off a mortgage. DON'T MISSState pension: Rishi Sunak urged to increase sum to £19,760 per year [INSIGHT]Inheritance tax warning: Couples risk not being able to stay in home [ANALYSIS]State pension payments to increase in April [EXPLAINED] Ms Goodall-Smith has suggested investment as a solution, which may potentially have a greater impact in the long run, and for retirement planning. She continued: “If you were to invest your money, it is likely over the medium to long term, that you will get better returns than the interest you are paying on your mortgage. “Let’s say you get four percent growth on an investment in one year, that would mean for £100 invested you would get £4 in growth. “However, investments also go down in some years, as we saw in 2020 following the pandemic. “So, you must feel comfortable that some years the money you have invested may go down and you must also have capacity if this should happen.” As a result, the expert urged people to establish an emergency fund should this be needed in future. Guidance can often vary on how much a person should put away, but three to six months of income is usually appropriate. An emergency fund can be used for a myriad of purposes such as car repairs, fixing appliances and other unexpected costs. Ms Goodall-Smith further highlighted why investment may trump mortgage overpayment. She added: “If you invest the money in something like a stocks and shares ISA, you can still easily access the investment should you need to. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “However, if you need to retrieve the money back from having repaid your mortgage, the remortgage process is often much more involved and takes significantly longer, especially if your borrowing capacity or circumstances have changed. “Having money in investments gives you more options on what you choose to spend it on, rather than having the money tied up in your house. “If interest rates do rise and your monthly repayments go up, then you simply withdraw from the investment and use it to pay some or all of the mortgage off, subject to the mortgage terms and conditions.” Investment can be complex, and Britons could get less out than they originally put in. For this reason, Ms Goodall-Smith encouraged individuals to seek financial advice to help them in their journey.