Gary Neville has paid tribute to the outgoing Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich. Russian Abramovich announced on Wednesday he has put Chelsea up for sale. He claimed it was in the best interests of the club for him to do so following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Chelsea have won every trophy possible since Abramovich bought the club in 2003. They recently added the Club World Cup to their trophy cabinet to complete the set. Neville admits he thought Abramovich's hiring and firing tactic was "bizarre" in the early years of his reign. But the Manchester United legend cannot hide his admiration for what the 55-year-old has done for Chelsea and English football. JUST IN: Roman Abramovich brushed Chelsea star aside 'Don't want to see your face'  "He's been an important owner in Premier League history in the last 20 years," Neville told Sky Sports News. "I do believe he's enhanced the competitiveness of the Premier League. "A model that, at the beginning, I found bizarre, coming from a very stable club at the time in Manchester United. Sacking managers quite regularly, managers who had seemed quite successful. "But what I would say over 20 years he's proved to be a very successful owner of a football club, that's actually created a distinctive model in and around the way they've approached things, particularly with their academy players. They're now starting to produce academy players. DON'T MISSMan Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]Man Utd’s amazing XI if Carlo Ancelotti takes over and signs three players [OPINION]Man Utd set to begin undoing the mistakes of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer by replacing two 'flops' [REPORT]  "They're a football club who have become very successful and admired under his ownership but obviously in the end, those alleged links with Vladimir Putin, the war on Ukraine, have brought it to an end. "I think things have been closing in on him for a few years now and I think it's obviously come to a head in the last week." Neville thinks Chelsea will be fine once Abramovich's sale goes through. Though he once again pointed out how important the Russian has been in west London.  "The reality of it is, Chelsea will be okay," Neville continued. "Irrespective of whether you like the idea of Russian money coming into English football or not, Roman Abramovich has been a very good owner for Chelsea Football Club. There are worse owners that are English." In his statement to Chelsea fans on Tuesday, Abramovich outlined his wish to say goodbye to the club's supporters in person in the near future. "Please know that this has been an incredibly difficult decision to make, and it pains me to part with the Club in this manner," Abramovich said.  "However, I do believe this is in the best interest of the Club. "I hope that I will be able to visit Stamford Bridge one last time to say goodbye to all of you in person. "It has been a privilege of a lifetime to be part of Chelsea FC and I am proud of all our joint achievements. Chelsea Football Club and its supporters will always be in my heart." 