Tim Weeks has been a key member of the Bargain Hunt team since joining the show in 2018. Prior to his stint on the programme, Tim was co-presenting on BBC One's Street Auction. Despite having a keen eye for antiques, the TV host revealed he has been dealt some eye-watering losses at auction. Recalling some of his biggest profits and losses, Tim admitted he regretted a "blind" purchase. He began: “My biggest loss was when I ‘blind’ purchased a collection of rock and film star autographs for £220. “When they arrived they were all facsimile and worth about a tenner! Wow it still hurts.” However, he was much more enthusiastic about his "best ever find". READ MORE:'Not graphic biology' Bridgerton star hits back at sex scene criticis Tim confessed he was “still waiting for it” but was happy with a particularly impressive find at a car boot sale. He recalled: "I once found an old scrapbook containing 1940’s football newspaper cuttings at a car boot sale. "I asked how much it was and was told £40. " Tim added: "It felt a little steep for a dirty old scrapbook until I flicked to the back pages which had 21 war-time single sheet football programmes neatly stuck onto them and I quickly realised it was a bargain.  "It also had match tickets, bubble gum cards and autographs. I sold it for over £1000 after I performed the painstaking task of steaming each item out of the book." While Tim has had many successes, he admitted if he hadn't made it in antiques, his dream career move would be as a sportsman. He jested: “Naturally, I would be playing in centre midfield for Arsenal. “However, the pull of antiques was just way too strong!” the TV star added.    Shying away from the spotlight, very little is known about Tim's personal life and he even keeps his social media handles private. However, the expert did reveal how he likes to spend his free time when he isn’t on TV. He gushed: “Having fun and lots of madness with my wife Alexa and two children Albie and Bella." Tim went on to remark: “They all boss me around!”   Tim co-owns Wessex Auction Rooms with Martin Hughes, a fellow antique expert who has previously featured on Bargain Hunt. Martin filmed with Anita Manning and the Bargain Hunt team at Whizzy Wallops in Suffolk for an episode that aired in late 2018 or early 2019. The TV star is said to have a keen interest in vinyl records, music memorabilia and guitars. Bargain Hunt is available to watch on weekdays at 12.15pm on BBC One. 