 Emmerdale’s Chas (played by Lucy Pargeter) and Charity Dingle (Emma Atikins) have recently been feuding over The Woolpack. Charity bought the iconic pub with her son Ryan Stocks (James Moore) after Chas was forced to sell up. Ever since there’s been tension between the two women and their anger is soon set to boil over as they launch into a food fight. Reflecting on her experience filming the comical scene, actress Lucy claimed she had an “awful” time.    In upcoming scenes on the soap, Charity is on the warpath as The Woolpack’s grand reopening doesn’t go according to plan. She soon arrives at the Village Hall to have it out with Chas, but just as she walks in a mystery hand turns on the sprinkler system, dousing the warring cousins in water. Things quickly reach new heights when Charity gets physical and shoves some homemade potato salad in Chas’ face, causing a food fight to break out. Emmerdale stars Lucy and Emma opened up about filming the food fight stunt in a recent interview with Express.co.uk and other press. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing  The duo confessed when they first read about the fight in the script they weren’t keen on the idea. Emma revealed: “We were like, ‘What is going on? Why are we doing this in the middle of winter? Hurling chocolate at each other. Cold chocolate!’” Lucy explained her main issue was having to film it outdoors in the cold weather. The soap star said: “The thought of doing a food fight external at the village, which is at least 20 degrees colder than anywhere else in the world, in January, involving wet foodstuffs, wasn't appealing at all."    However, Emma suggested when the time came to film the food fight it wasn’t so bad after all. “Although weirdly, adrenaline always seems to kick in and these moments when you think this is going to be awful, and actually we ended up…” she began before being interrupted by her co-star. “It was awful!” Lucy exclaimed, with Emma laughing:“Oh, I had a really good time.” The actresses revealed the aftermath of filming wasn’t pleasant as some of the food was difficult to clean off. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Mandy Dingle after uncovering Vinny betrayal? [THEORY]Jane McDonald endures ‘awkward’ reunion with man from her past [WATCH]Gen Z student blasts claims 'woke' youth wouldn't fight for country [MUST SEE]  Emma explained: “It went all down the back of my neck and I’m sure you can use your imagination.” Lucy explained even after showering she couldn’t shift the scent of chocolate. The soap star remarked: “My kids thought I smelt amazing when I got home. “I’d even had a shower, washed my hair, went home and the kids went ‘Mummy you smell really sweet’.   “I was like ‘Oh god there’s still loads in my ears. In my earrings.’ I’d put my earrings on, they were still caked in it,” Lucy added. Emma confessed after returning home she made the mistake of falling asleep reading a book to her son. “I fell asleep with him, woke up and you could just see this brown all over my pillows,” she laughed. Emmerdale continues Monday at 7pm on ITV. 