Dramatic videos emerged this evening of yet another Russian fighter jet being downed above Kharkiv. Vladimir Putin had expected to quickly dominate the airspace over Ukraine but today marks the latest in a series of downed Russian aircraft in the conflict. Footage shared online and later verified by Ukrainian officials showed the Russian Su-25 fighter jet erupt into a huge fireball above the skies of Ukraine's second-largest city. Residents can be heard cheering and celebrating in the background of one video as the aircraft plummets to the ground. Another clip of the incident from a CCTV camera installed in a building in Kharkiv's city centre shows the sky light up as the Russian plane is hit by two missiles. The regional governor of Kharkiv claimed the Russian Su-25 fighter was hit by two surface-to-air missiles (SAM). Oleg Synegubov praised Kharkiv's Air Defence Forces for taking down the Russian jet, which was later confirmed by the Kyiv Independent. JUST IN: Ukrainian protesters wreck Russian propaganda film in captured city Mr Synegubov said the plane was part of a squadron of seven aircraft which had been carrying out blitz runs over the city. Oleksandr Shcherba, a former Ukrainian diplomat, tweeted: "Yet another RU fighter jet downed right now. Lack of Russian air superiority clear to see here." Ukrainian authorities confirmed the pilot managed to eject and was now being hunted down by Ukraine's armed forces in Kharkiv. The SAM strikes followed reports of air raid sirens in Kharkiv, ordering residents to take shelter immediately. Last night, Ukrainian Armed Forces had reported that they had downed a total of 44 Russian planes and 44 helicopters so far. It was understood that President Putin had expected to achieve air superiority on the first day of the war. In another boost to Ukraine's air battle, the US today confirmed they had given the “green light” to NATO countries if they choose to provide fighter jets to Ukraine. DON'T MISS: European panic-buyers overwhelm pharmacies over nuclear fears [VIDEO]Putin plot backfires as Finnish president announces plan to join NATO [INTERVIEW]Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [LIVE BLOG] Secretary of State Anthony Blinken confirmed the US was sending fighter jets to Poland so that Poland can send supplies of used MiGs and Sukhoi military planes to Ukraine. Speaking to US media this morning, Mr Blinken said: “We are working with Poland to see if we can backfill anything they provide to Ukraine. "We very much support them, providing planes that the Ukrainians can fly. "But we also want to see if we can be helpful in making sure that whatever they provide to the Ukrainians, something goes to them to make up for any gap in security for Poland." President Zelensky made a plea to members of Congress to provide Ukraine with the fighter planes during a Saturday Zoom call. Also on Sunday, retired army general David Petraeus said that Kyiv may not fall to Russia, telling CNN: "This is going to be a very long fight in Kyiv. "The locals there have been stockpiling food, there is going to be an enormously fierce resistance. I don’t accept assumptions that it will fall."