Gary Neville has once again expressed his dissatisfaction at internal dressing room leaks at Manchester United amid reports Marcus Rashford is considering his future. The England international forward was named on the bench for the 4-1 derby day defeat at the Etihad before he entered the pitch in the second half. Yet an all too familiar pattern is forming for the 24-year-old under interim boss Ralf Rangnick, he just cannot play his way into form. Rashford has now started just two of the club's last 11 Premier League matches. Now it appears he's unhappy with the situation and according to Fabrizio Romano, Rashford is prepared to consider his future at his boyhood club. The developments have seemingly frustrated United legend Neville in the aftermath of Sunday's defeat, as he took to Twitter to make his feelings clear. READ MORE: Man Utd 'contact Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag' with new favourite to take job Replying to the story, Neville wrote: "Here we go," accompanied by drip emojis. The emojis were understood to be a reference to information from behind the scenes at the club being dripped through to the public domain. It's a subject Neville feels strongly about, something he made clear as recently as last month when he detailed his disgust at players being 'unhappy' with life at United under Rangnick. “I remember when I joined Sky and we had the Champions League in the early years, and I went over to Napoli to do a game involving Chelsea," Neville told Sky Sports. “It was when Andre Villas-Boas was their manager and he left out Frank Lampard, Michael Essien, Ashley Cole – four or five prominent players.  DON'T MISSManchester United must launch inquest into Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka transfersMan Utd 'contact Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag' with new favourite to take jobMino Raiola 'tells Barcelona they must also sign second client' to land Erling Haaland “That is what managers tend to do in their final days at a club, as they see it as a free hit. “I remember sitting there at lunchtime with our team and they were getting messages of team news being leaked and the manager being slagged off, and I sat there thinking ‘does this actually happen’? “Players agents and PR teams were briefing the media on a matchday about what was going on inside a club, and it was the first time I had seen it and known for it to happen – it really unnerved me. “That is happening at Manchester United now – they are at it, the PR teams, the agents and the marketing teams, as self-preservation for their own player. VIDEO - RYAN TAYLOR BRINGS YOU THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS AS ASTON VILLA EYE FRANCK KESSIE AND LUIS SUAREZ “But what they do not realise is that unfortunately, when they go to the media then those media people go to us – so we know who is briefing. “The reality is that we do not like it, but we know who it is. “We are not going to throw people under a bus here because we have that journalistic respect – but they are it in the same way that Chelsea were all those years ago. They need to stop it and work as hard as they can.” Rashford's £200,000-per-week contract is due to expire in the summer of 2023 - meaning he is now facing a decisive period in his Manchester United career. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here