Last year, ABBA released their first new album in 40 years, much to fans’ delight. Now as Agnetha, Björn, Benny and Frida celebrate the band’s 50th anniversary, they have some new announcements ahead of the opening of their ABBAtar ABBA Voyage show in London this May. Firstly, Universal are releasing a 10-LP and 10-CD box set containing all nine ABBA studio albums, alongside a specially-curated disc of tracks that appeared only as singles. Book tickets for ABBA Voyage here A statement read: “We’d all thought that the perfect arc of eight album releases from the sunshine of 1973’s Ring Ring to the chill of 1981’s The Visitors represented the complete ABBA story. However, one of pop’s most electrifying groups still had surprises in store and their brand new album, Voyage, showed all the ABBA hallmarks were still very much intact. Voyage topped the charts in 18 countries world-wide and became the group’s highest ever placing in the US at No 2. This brand-new 10-LP Box Set, pressed on 180g heavyweight vinyl, and10-CD Box Set, offers the opportunity to enjoy Voyage alongside the ‘golden eight’ (Ring Ring, Waterloo, ABBA, Arrival, The Album, Voulez-Vous, Super Trouper and The Visitors), as well as ABBA Tracks, which features non-album singles such as Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight), Fernando and other cherished b-sides. With the addition of a 40-page booklet in the 10CD Box Set featuring album information and classic ABBA photographs from throughout their career, The ABBA Album Box Set is the ultimate collection for an ABBA fan, and an incredible souvenir of the group’s astonishing return.” The Vinyl and CD box sets are available to pre-order for release on July 29, 2022 here. On top of this, Universal are releasing ABBA’s Studio Album Picture Discs “which reunites all of ABBA’s prized studio albums on a special format (Ring Ring, Waterloo, ABBA, Arrival, The Album, Voulez-Vous, Super Trouper and The Visitors). Strictly limited edition, the collection is available as a discounted 8LP bundle, and 9LP bundle (inc. Voyage) for a limited time only.” These albums are all released on June 10, 2022 and are available to pre-order here. Meanwhile, US fans will be given a chance to see ABBA: The Movie on May 12 and 14 only in movie theatres some 45 years after the documentary film was released. To sign up for more information on the special American fan event ahead of tickets going on sale on April 6, click here. DON'T MISSABBA ‘so happy’ nearing The Beatles and Elvis records with new album [ABBA]ABBA: Frida hits back at Benny and Björn claim the band is finished [FRIDA]ABBA confirm retirement after final album with TWO song unfinished [FUTURE] If that wasn’t enough, ABBA are releasing a series of 20 lyric videos, with the first Chiquitita having launched on March 18. The next one to come out will be Waterloo on April 6, coinciding with the 48th anniversary of ABBA winning Eurovision with the pop classic. As for ABBA Voyage, the London based concert show will take place at the ABBA Arena in Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park from May 27. Tickets to see the ABBAtars in action are available to book until December 2022 here.