Ralf Schumacher has downplayed Ferrari’s chances of winning the F1 world title this season. The legendary Italian team showed promise during both rounds of pre-season testing in Barcelona and Bahrain.  Both drivers, especially Charles Leclerc, enjoyed driving their new vehicle for 2022 and with the new regulations in place, they will fancy their chances of competing at the front of the field. But Schumacher, a former F1 driver, does not believe the 16-time constructors champions have what it takes secure a championship this season. “I definitely think they have made a step forward, but will that be enough for the top? I’m not so sure,” the German said, quoted by SPEEDWEEK. “Especially since Ferrari tends to reach the performance limit earlier than other teams. “We often saw that in the Friday practice sessions last year. I would like Ferrari to be at the front, because that’s important for Formula 1 worldwide." Mercedes appeared to struggle in pre-season testing, while rivals Red Bull, McLaren and Ferrari all enjoyed decent sessions in Barcelona and Bahrain. JUST IN: Damon Hill offers advice to George Russell as doubt raised on prospect of Mercedes success    Seven-time world champion Hamilton only mustered a 16th place finish in Bahrain and struggled to adjust to his car and the change in regulations. The silver arrows also adapted the new W13 to feature no sidepods during the race and dealt with porpoising – the violent bouncing motion of the car on its suspension seen mainly on the straights. Hamilton played down his team's chances at the start of the season, but Schumacher expects them to be competitive despite the views of the 37-year-old. “Of course, Mercedes is not as far behind as the Bahrain timesheet makes it seem. I’m sure there’s still something to come,” he said. DON'T MISS   “But we also have to remember that Bahrain has not necessarily been Ferrari’s patch in recent years. Mercedes has its own concept here. It’s designed to work well on most tracks. The bottom line will be Mercedes versus Red Bull Racing again.” As we approach the start of the new season, in a social media message to fans, Hamilton said he and Mercedes had “put in a lot of hard work and long hours” ahead of the new campaign. The driver penned: “So much has gone into getting back and being here both physically and spiritually. Me and the team @MercedesAMGF1 put in a lot of hard work and long hours, and we’re going to give it everything we can for you guys. Keep the positivity coming.” 