Houseplant experts at Indoor Plants for Beginners have shared how gardeners can grow plants in eggshells. For those who live in small apartments or houses, growing indoor plants can be difficult as people just don’t have the room for them. That’s why eggshells prove to be the perfect solution and the work “especially well” for growing herbs. The indoor plant experts said: “Eggshells are great for houseplants. They can help your indoor plants in a myriad of ways. “You can grow such plants as succulents, herbs, and vegetables. “In fact, herbs like dill, parsley, and basil work especially well in eggshells.” For those interested in growing their own vegetables in eggshells, they should try sowing cucumber, beans and squash. The experts added: “Now, these vegetables will eventually grow bigger and have to be transported to a pot, but you can begin the growing process in an eggshell.” READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home Aside from the plant benefits eggshells offer, they don’t cost a penny. The plant experts said: “Not only are eggshell planters adorable and very good for them, but they’re a totally natural vessel for your growing plant. “They also don’t cost you any money. Sure, you bought the eggs, but you don’t necessarily have to pay for a pot.” The experts have also shared steps gardeners can follow to make their own eggshell planters. Gardeners need to begin with using a whole, unused egg. DON'T MISS:‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [COMMENT]How to clean glass shower doors - easy hacks using two kitchen items [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 2p hack for cleaning blinds [INSIGHT] The experts said: “Rather than work with eggshells in this case, you want to start with a whole, unused egg. “Take the egg and hold it so the pointed, longer side faces you. “With a needle, pierce a small hole in the egg. “Your spoon can make the hole ever so slightly bigger.” Gardeners can also use their fingers to finesse the hole, with the goal here to expand the hole so it’s large enough that the egg yolk and the white can pour right out. Once the hole is the right size, empty the contents into a bowl - this can be used for cooking or baking. After, wash the eggshell, using warm water for the job. The experts continued: “You can fill the hole with water and dump it out a few times until all the gunk in the egg is gone. “Just do so carefully so you don’t crack the eggshell.” To provide room for expanding roots and to allow for drainage, turn the egg over to the bigger, rounder side and reach for a needle to make several tiny holes. The experts noted: “You want these very small, so there’s no need to use your spoon this time.” When adding the potting soil to the eggshell planter, gardeners only want to add soil until the eggshell is three quarters of the way full. Make sure to keep the eggshell balanced on something such as an egg carton or even a small pot so it doesn’t fall down and crack. Lastly, gardeners can then dig out a place for their houseplant and add their seeds or the plant itself and pat it down firmly with soil.