The Duke of Sussex was pictured in a cowboy hat at Stockyards Rodeo in Fort Worth, Texas, last Saturday. But animal campaigners have hit out at Harry for attending the "spectacle of suffering". A spokesperson for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals told the Mirror: “It’s extremely disappointing to see that Prince Harry made the misjudgment to attend a rodeo, a crude, old amusement for bored cowboys who view animals as nothing more than things. “In these events, participants use electric prods, flank straps, and spurs to burn, wound, terrorise, and provoke animals who are trying to flee for their lives. "Animals commonly sustain broken bones, punctured lungs, snapped necks, or torn muscles, and they sometimes die in an arena - and even those who don’t end up scared out of their wits at a slaughterhouse—so anyone who cares about animals should avoid these spectacles of suffering.” Chris DeRose, founder and president of Last Chance for Animals, highlighted Harry’s wife Meghan Markle's animal rights campaigning. Mr DeRos said: “Prince Harry’s support for the rodeo is profoundly disappointing. “Given the Duchess’ activism on animal rights issues, it’s inconceivable the Prince would find the abuse perpetrated by the rodeo to be entertaining. "We encourage Prince Harry to learn more about the Tools of Terror used in bull riding. "His ignorance and naivete only undermine the Duchess’ tremendous legacy and work to end animal cruelty.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim Meghan is patron of animal charity Mayhew. She also has rescue dogs and a flock of rescue chickens. It was previously reported that Harry gave up hunting, one of the royals' favourite pastimes, due to Meghan's influence. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan and Harry will have more children? [POLL]Harry and Meghan given ‘brave’ opportunity to win back British public [INSIGHT]'Free of stiff collars' Harry's clear sign he is embracing US freedom [ANALYSIS]  Royal biographer Omid Scobie, who wrote the flattering Finding Freedom book on the Sussexes, on Tuesday tweeted a picture of the Duke at the rodeo. Mr Scobie said: "Living his best American life Prince Harry was in Fort Worth, Texas this weekend and spent Saturday at the historic @cowtowncoliseum for the famous @StockyardsRodeo. "The Duke was spotted by locals enjoying some good ol’ Southern hospitality and a VIP tour of the venue." Rodeos see cowboys take part in such as calf roping, bull riding, steer wrestling, and bronc riding. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Duke for comment. 