Both President Volodymyr Zelensky and Vladimir Putin have made several public speeches and statements recently since Russia’s troops invaded Ukraine last week. But their most recent public appearances have made clear what's really going on behind the scenes, with one body language expert saying Mr Putin's calm exterior could be more defensive than first appears.  Both President Volodymyr Zelensky and Vladimir Putin have made several public speeches and statements recently since Russia’s troops invaded Ukraine last week. But their most recent public appearances have made clear what's really going on behind the scenes, with one body language expert saying Mr Putin's calm exterior could be more defensive than first appears. In an impassioned speech to the European Parliament in which he called for support for his country to defend itself from Russia, President Zelensky come across as completely genuine. Darren Stanton, a professional body language analyst who has been dubbed the ‘Human Lie Detector’ described Zelensky’s speech as “empowering” and said: “He wasn’t afraid to display the facts”. READ MORE-‘God help us!’ Kamala Harris mocked over ridiculous oversimplification Ukraine’s President said in the rousing speech: “Over the last couple of days, I don’t know how to welcome and greet everybody because I cannot say ‘good morning’, ‘good afternoon’ or ‘good evening’. “For some people, this day is not good. For some people, this day is the last one. I speak today now about my citizens of Ukraine who are defending freedom by paying the ultimate price.” He added: “This is a tragedy, this is the price they will have to pay. It’s a Ukrainian tragedy for our entire state. Thousands of people were killed, two revolutions and one war, and five days of a full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation.” While speaking of the horrific ongoings in Ukraine, Mr Zelensky was visibly upset but put his words across extremely clearly and calmly. While in an earlier address to Russia’s forces before the invasion, President Putin was just as calm - but the Russian leader's body language revealed a different story. Mr Stanton said: “Putin’s behaviour is displayed in the footage as generally very calm and almost defensive. His breathing generally stays at one pace, he’s not very animated and he isn’t giving anything away.” This behaviour is not common for Mr Putin, who normally is unafraid to show how he feels. As Mr Stanton pointed out: “It’s a direct contrast to previous appearances of Putin’s in press conferences and interviews where he has been known to flash signs of extreme anger and frustration, where his eyebrows are pulled down and his mouths and lips are pulled tight together - both are microexpressions that reveal how a person is truly feeling in a sudden flash of emotion and can be a sign of a shift in behaviour.” Zelensky, on the other hand, appeared “emotional” during his speech. The body language expert said: “When he spoke to the camera, Zelensky made lots of positive gestures which tell me that he is being completely open and honest. “He displayed a number of non-verbal gestures that allude to genuine emotion, including making a number of gestures with his hands. “He is very expressive with his hands and made plenty of open palm gestures, suggesting that he is keen to be very transparent with those he is speaking to.” DON'T MISS...Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [INFORMER]Lukashenko plans Moldova invasion as Belarus President releases plans [INSIGHT]‘Out of place’ Harry ‘unconsciously feeds off Meghan’s confidence’ [EXPLAINER] In his speech to the European Parliament, Zelensky expressed his gratitude for the overwhelming compassion from the rest of the world. He said: “We are giving away our best people, the strongest ones, the most valuable ones. Ukrainians are incredible and very often we love to say that we’ll win over everyone and I’m very happy that you’re not only talking about it but you can see that.” The rest of his speech was very hopeful and that’s why Mr Stanton has referred to the Ukrainian President as “the poster boy of determination, compassion, strength and resilience.” In the face of devastating circumstances, Zalensky is still expressing hope and spouting words of encouragement. Mr Stanton said: “He is a man that is having to deal with stresses not many of our leaders in this day and age have had to. “Despite the strain, he is still presenting himself as a motivational man, urging his people to stand strong and for governors around the world to help him. “He makes a telling gesture when asking for help, placing his hand flat on his chest, which suggests he is speaking directly from the heart. “He appears to be a very genuine President, who is not afraid to show his true emotions and he continues to muster the strength and resilience to seek help and not give in, despite the dangerous and difficult position he is in.”