Nikki Haley, South Carolina's 116th Governor and America's ex-ambassador to the UN, told Fox News North Korea's supreme leader is ramping up his efforts in response to the apparent weakness of the Biden administration. Pyongyang launched "what could be its largest ICBM" into the sea on Thursday and it is said to have reached a high of 3,728 miles, according to Japanese officials.  Ms Haley said in a statement: "It should surprise no one that Kim is testing ICBMs again. "He smells blood in the water with America's perceived weakness." Ms Haley has also claimed President Biden needs to respond forcefully, as Trump did when similar launches were made in 2017. She added: "At the UN, we led and passed the strongest sanctions in a generation against North Korea and had the world with us."We need to show that same strength to him now."  Kim Jong Un's IBCM test further heightens tensions, with the White House describing Kim's actions as a "brazen violation" of the UN Security Council resolutions. White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said: "The door has not closed on diplomacy, but Pyongyang must immediately cease its destabilising actions. "The United States will take all necessary measures to ensure the security of the American homeland and Republic of Korea and Japanese allies."  READ MORE: Joe Biden warns NATO ‘will respond in kind’ The coast guard in Japan believes the missile flew for around an hour before landing in the sea outside their exclusive economic zone. The US intelligence community has issued warnings about North Korea's continued testing of ICBMs and Pyongyang's plans to expand its nuclear weapon capabilities.  DON'T MISS:Joe Biden savaged for breaking unspoken US political rule at NATO [WORLD NEWS]Joe Biden hits back at reporter 'You're playing a game with me!' [REVEAL]Joe Biden announces EU leaders have complete confidence in presidency [SPOTLIGHT] They wrote in their 2022 annual assessment in January that the dictatorship could be "laying the groundwork for an increase in tensions that could include ICBM or possibly a nuclear test this year - actions that Pyongyang has not taken since 2017". North Korea tested its new ICBM system on both February 26 and March 4. The US has previously pushed the UN to sanction North Korea more heavily after missile tests were conducted five years ago.