The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will celebrate the St. Patrick's Day parade with the 1st Battalion of the Irish Guards today. After a two-year absence, Kate and William will return to the annual celebration. Last year’s celebration of Ireland’s foremost patron saint was called off because of the pandemic and the year before, the parade was cancelled due to most of the regiment being deployed overseas.  A statement from Kensington Palace read: “The Duke of Cambridge, Colonel of the Irish Guards, accompanied by the Duchess of Cambridge, will visit the 1st Battalion Irish Guards at the St Patrick's Day Parade, Mons Barracks in Aldershot on Thursday March 17. “This will be the first time the Duke and Duchess have attended the parade since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic.” During the parade, the royal couple will present the traditional gift of sprigs of shamrock to officers and guardsmen who will distribute them across the ranks. This duty is traditionally performed by a female member of the Royal Family. Kate follows a long line of female royals who have taken part in the ceremony. Queen Alexandra began the tradition in 1901 and for many years the Queen Mother performed the duty, followed by Princess Anne. However, in 2016, the Duchess of Cambridge broke royal tradition when she opted to stay home instead of attending the parade. After four consecutive years of performing the duty, Kate decided to stay home in Norfolk with her children — Prince George and Princess Charlotte — while William handed out the sprigs to 450 members of the 1st Battalion Irish Guards at Hounslow Cavalry Barracks in west London. Her absence left soldiers and royal fans disappointed, but aides at the time insisted that it was primarily William's role as Colonel of the regiment to take part in the ceremony. Male members of the Royal Family have performed the duties on rare occasions. George VI, Earl Alexander of Tunis, the Grand Duke of Luxembourg, the Earl of Cavan and Prince Edward have all taken part in the ceremony. Although the soldiers on parade were disappointed that the Duchess did not make an appearance, Company Sergeant Major Carl Laverty said they were "conscious that she has family commitments", adding that the "lads were ecstatic" to have their Colonel present the honours instead. The royal also had to present the regiment's mascot, an Irish wolfhound by the name of Domhnall, with its own spring of shamrock. DON'T MISS:Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim[OPINION]Queen boost as 'string of countries' looked to join Commonwealth[INSIGHT]Prince Harry's security demands assessed: 'Wrong direction'[ANALYSIS] William chose to pass the duties on to the dog's handler, having observed his wife's failed attempts to fix the shamrock to Domhnall's collar the year before. Today, Kate will take on the responsibility of presenting the Irish wolfhound with the shamrock. The parade concludes with a march-past, where the Duke, who has been the Colonel of the Irish Guards since May 2011, will take the salute. Post-parade, the couple will meet members of the regiment and have official photographs with every rank within the British Army. This will be followed by a visit to the Junior Ranks dining hall where a toast will be made to the Duke and Duchess by senior guardsmen. To honour the day last year, William and Kate posted a video on their social media wishing the Irish community a Happy St. Patrick’s Day. The short video began with the Duke offering his St Patrick's Day wishes in Irish Gaelic. He said: “Beannachtaí na Féile Pádraig oraibh”, which means “Happy St Patrick's Day”. Kate then joined in saying: “We are delighted to wish you all a very happy St Patrick's Day.” William joked and said: “How come you got the easy bit!” The royal couple have a busy schedule ahead. Two days after the parade, the Duke and Duchess will set off on their highly-anticipated tour of the Caribbean. The trip is part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which will continue throughout the year and culminate with a four-day weekend in June. William and Kate’s tour kicks off on March 19, with the couple set to visit Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas before it ends on March 26.