CBS’ acclaimed drama NCIS Los Angeles returned to screens this week for another instalment of crime and mystery. After being introduced last week, fans got a better glimpse at Callen’s (played by Chris O'Donnell) deep fake and were left with a ton of questions after an unexpected cliffhanger.  In the season 12 episode titled ‘Imposter Syndrome’ viewers were first introduced to the deep fake technology after the NCIS team were duped by Agent Fatima's (Medalion Rahimi) lookalike. During this episode Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) also discovered a deep fake of Callen had also been created. The piece of technology was able to replicate people’s voices to take over anyone’s identity, even the dead. Although the case appeared to have been closed, the technology made its comeback on the previous episode of NCIS, which saw Callen get a doctor’s call about an unfamiliar video appointment. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour Dr Hodge (Tom Virtue) had called for a follow-up appointment even though the agent insisted he hadn’t seen the doctor in over a year. Callen later received a voice mail from the bank revealing his application for a loan had been denied, and even though he brushed it off, his mind was taken back to the first deep fake. However, in the recent episode viewers got a glimpse of the deep fake who looked exactly like Callen and fans were completely taken aback. They took to social media to share their reaction to the shocking episode.  Twitter user @GibsonMenace77 wrote: “What the f**k? CALLEN'S GOT AN EVIL TWIN??” Meanwhile, @followcyp anticipated: “The deep fake guy again. I have a feeling he was a part of that program, too!” Another user, @CauseRsisepic, tweeted: “CALLEN DOPPELGANGER WAIT WHAT?!?!” @TheKevNation shared: “Wait…TWO CALLENS?!?! Someone has created a clone of him” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary? [THEORY]NCIS LA sparks frenzy as co-stars confirm new roles [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Callen fears for Hetty’s safety [INSIGHT]  While @KrystalManning2 wrote: “Whoa! Callen lookalike at the end... What a good episode!” @Imostlylurk added: “Two Callens? Anna got Catfished! What in the deep fake hell? NCIS Los Angeles.” In the recent episode, the NCIS team discovered the deep fake had made its unwanted return after they too were tricked by Callen’s lookalike. Which forced Callen into the awkward position of having to confront and face himself to stop them before things got worse.  The deep fake was able to use Callen’s voice and face to replicate the agent and had already gained access to his bank and medical history. Therefore, it was only a matter of time before the person behind the technology was able to gain access to the confidential matters of the NCIS. The deep fake had also been trying to hurt Callen’s girlfriend Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly) as they were interfering with situations which involved her. Fans will have to stay tuned to see if the team will be able to stop the deep fake and expose who was behind the technology. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 