Speaking to Mark Dolan on GB News, the royal commentator Robert Jobson expressed his views on whether the Duchess of Cambridge could be “the new Diana”. Citing a recent op-ed piece by GB News’ Dan Wootton, Mr Dolan asked the royal expert whether Kate could mirror the late Princess of Wales.  Responding to the questions, Mr Jobson said: “I think she has the quality, there is no doubt about it. “She is far more confident than she was, she speaks eloquently, she was fantastic on her recent visit to Copenhagen. “She was on top form, really, she has been more relaxed even though she is with Prince William. “So I think she has certainly got the ability to be a new star and one day, of course, she may take that title that was made famous by Diana, Princess Diana, the Princess of Wales.   “I do believe that she has got so much to offer. She is the rising star of the family.” The latest Op-ed by Mr Wootton suggested how the 40-year-old Duchess of Cambridge is ready to “fly solo”. He wrote that Kate’s recent trip to Copenhagen was a test case for how Kate's star power will be harnessed over the next decade. He also said William has backed his wife to make more Diana-style appearances on her own. READ MORE: Do YOU think Meghan Harry and should be allowed to change their minds?  One of his sources told Mr Wootton: “What will happen is that when the couple go on visits abroad it will be more like what Charles and Diana did, where they each branch out and do more engagements on their own. “They will go to the same country, but she will go her way and he will go his.” Last week, the Duchess of Cambridge visited Copenhagen for a two-day working visit with her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which she launched last June. During the visit, she showed off her maternal side as she spoke with families who have benefited from the programme in Copenhagen. DON'T MISS:Russian oligarch nightmare as ALL luxury ships banned from BritainUkraine thanks Elon Musk for providing Starlink network Former Ukraine advisor gives chilling prediction over Ukraine