Mauricio Pochettino is perhaps more likely that ever to make the move from Paris Saint Germain to Manchester United after they were dumped out of the Champions League, but a switch depends on one condition. United are expected to appoint their new manager this summer as they prepare to back a new face with the hopes that they will finally bring success back to Old Trafford. Mauricio Pochettino has been one of the favourites to take the United job after being heavily linked for some time, dating back to when the Argentine was still at former club Tottenham. There has been growing uncertainty over his future at Paris Saint-Germain after they were dumped out of the Champions League by Real Madrid, despite leading 2-0 on aggregate heading into the final 30 minutes of the tie. Pochettino could be facing the sack at PSG, but United have been told what they must do if they are to convince the Argentinian to switch the Parc Des Princes for Old Trafford. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick is only expected to be in charge at United until the end of the season, although he will want to leave the club in the best possible position for whoever is coming in next. JUST IN: Piers Morgan orders Arsenal to beat Man Utd to Chelsea's Thomas Tuchel  A top four finish is starting to look like a real struggle for United though, and if they fail to beat Tottenham on Saturday then it could essentially be over. United have been assessing a lot of candidates as they ponder their next long-term manager, and they will be hoping to finally get it right after not challenging for the Premier League title in almost a decade. Pochettino is among the names alongside Ajax boss Erik Ten Hag, but according to the Mail, the PSG head coach would need to feel that he is top of the club's list of candidates if he is to agree a move to United next season. PSG will have a lot of time to assess their own future now that they are out of the Champions League, as they are miles ahead in Ligue 1, sitting 13 points ahead of Nice in second. READ MORE: Liverpool's Harvey Elliot names himself and one team-mate underrated  The Champions League is always the goal for PSG as they try, but ultimately fail to dominate Europe, and this season is perhaps the most disappointing blow after bringing in Lionel Messi, whose penalty miss in the first leg proved costly. Pochettino has already shown that he can majorly improve sides in the Premier League, as Southampton and Tottenham both received major lifts when he was in charge. But he wants to feel as though he is really wanted by United to accept a move, but he may be searching for a new club in the near future regardless. Following the loss to Real Madrid, a furious PSG owner Nasser Al-Khelaifi hinted he may sack Pochettino, as he said: "The present is all I can deal with. As for the future, what will be will be."   But Pochettino has never really settled in to life in Paris, and the Argentinian is still living in a hotel in the French capital. His family are back in London, and Pochettino may be tempted with a move back to England to be with his family, and back in the Premier League where he feels most comfortable. However, Ten Hag is a serious rival and Ajax will reportedly not stand in his way if he is offered the role, with the Mail also reporting that he has started taking English lessons. A new era is upon us yet again at United, but they most focus on this season as they desperately look to scramble into the top four, or face missing out on Champions League football. Another way in, of course, would be to win the Champions League, but it would take an almighty charge against the odds. 