Players of the EuroMillions could stand to win a staggering £34 million jackpot if they can lay claim to a winning ticket. All will be revealed at 8.45pm tonight. So, do you have the winning entry? The EuroMillions describes itself as the “game with jackpots so enormous you can probably see them from space”. In order to win the jackpot, you simply need to predict seven correct numbers. France's Française des Jeux, Spain's Loterías y Apuestas del Estado and the United Kingdom's Camelot originally launched the transnational lottery on February 7, 2004. READ MORE: London power cut: Full list of post codes affected  EuroMillions draws are made every Tuesday and Friday. Players have until 7.30pm to buy their tickets and enter the jackpot draw. Tickets, costing £2.50 each, can be purchased by UK residents via the National Lottery website or at a number of venues, such as post offices and supermarkets.  On non-draw days, players can buy tickets for the EuroMillions between 6am and 11pm. What are tonight's winning EuroMillions numbers? Express.co.uk will update you with the winning numbers once the draw is made later on tonight. On October 15, 2021 a record jackpot of £184m was won by a French ticket holder.  DON'T MISS: Eurostar under threat as new competitor in 'advanced talks' [INSIGHT]Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie step out on emotional day for Royals [NEWS]Brexit Britain is VITAL to a flourishing EU: Startling trade data [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, the largest UK EuroMillions jackpot win was recorded in 2019 by an anonymous ticket holder. The odds of a person winning the jackpot are estimated to be a one in 140 million chance. Five main draw numbers and two lucky stars are all that’s needed to walk away with the money. Punters can opt to either choose their regular numbers or take a chance on the EuroMillions Lucky Dip.  Just five numbers and one lucky star will be enough to claim £130,554.30, while five main draw numbers alone are worth £13,561.20. You can play up to seven lines of numbers and buy no more than 10 slips at a time. Every EuroMillions ticket also bags you an automatic entry into the UK Millionaire Maker, which guarantees at least one player to pocket £1m in every draw. However, with up to 100 million EuroMillions entries, the competition is fierce to say the least. If you live in the UK, you must be aged at least 18 or over to play. Should nobody find a winning ticket, then the total sum will roll over to the next draw, and so on until a winner is found. Currently, the EuroMillions jackpot cap is set at €230m, after it was increased last October. 