The British Royal Family and other royals from across Europe will gather together tomorrow (Tuesday, March 29, 2021) for a memorial service celebrating the life of Prince Philip. However, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle, as well as their children, will not be in attendance. A spokesperson for the royal couple did not give a reason behind their decision but confirmed they would not be in the UK for the event. According to Omid Scoobie, the author of the book 'Finding Freedom', Prince Harry is keen to reunite with his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth II, very soon. In a tweet, the author wrote: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29. "He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible." READ MORE: Kevin Costner once discussed Meghan Markle’s life: ‘Enough attention’ According to The Mirror, the decision may have been made due to "security concerns". The Duke of Sussex already has an ongoing legal case against the Home Office over his security arrangements in the UK. Prince Harry took legal action over a decision in February 2020 not to allow him to pay for police protection for himself and his family while visiting the UK. However, a High Court judge has ruled many of the details in the case documents will remain secret. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Andrew breaks cover! Duke spotted [REPORT]How to watch Prince Philip's memorial service on TV or live stream [EXPLAINER]Queen and Philip were ‘disappointed’ after Meghan and Harry snub [INSIDER] A legal representative for the Duke of Sussex said: "Prince Harry inherited a security risk at birth, for life. "He remains sixth in line to the throne, served two tours of combat duty in Afghanistan, and in recent years his family has been subjected to well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats. "While his role within the Institution has changed, his profile as a member of the Royal Family has not. Nor has the threat to him and his family. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex lost their taxpayer-funded police protection when they stepped back from life as working Royals in search of a more private lifestyle. The couple has since moved to Los Angeles, California, with their son Archie and daughter Lilibet. Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield spoke previously to Express.co.ukp, arguing that the security row is not the reason for Prince Harry and Meghan's decision. Ms Schofield is the founder and creator of the LA-based royals website ToDiForDaily.com. She claims instead that the Duke of Sussex is "trying to make a statement". Ms Schofield told Express.co.uk: “So that is an event, the memorial, where he would have that security that he’s asking for, so it feels like this is just him trying to make a statement." She noted when he visited the UK for Prince Philip's funeral "he was given the security that he says he needs constantly".