Paul Pogba has bravely revealed he has suffered with depression during his playing career as he detailed his struggles following a break-in at his family home in Manchester. Cold-hearted thieves targeted the Frenchman during United's 1-0 Champions League last 16 defeat to Atletico Madrid at Old Trafford last week, a match in which Pogba started on the bench. It's understood that during the closing stages of the contest, burglars forced entry into the property in the search for goods. The 29-year-old's two children, who were in the company of the family's nanny, were in bed at the time of the incident. Thankfully, nobody was hurt but Pogba has lost irreplaceable items that mean so much to him and his family. The sickening ordeal has prompted Pogba to open up about his struggles away from the football pitch, including his battle with mental health problems. READ MORE: PSG set time frame on Mauricio Pochettino decision as staggering cost of sacking revealed "I've had depression in my career, but we don't talk about it," Pogba bravely admitted to Le Figaro. "Sometimes you don't know you are, you just want to isolate yourself, be alone, these are unmistakable signs." Despite being Manchester United's club-record signing at £94.5million, the technical midfielder has struggled to win over his critics during his time at Old Trafford. For France, he has built a reputation as a world star but at club level, Pogba has failed to fulfil his potential. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clauseBarcelona humiliate Real Madrid to prove they're back as Aubameyang fires doubleTottenham and Arsenal 'to knock on Galatasaray's door' for Turkish star Kerem Akturkoglu He is out of contract this summer and yet to decide his future as United continue their search for a new manager. His rollercoaster ride with the Red Devils suffered another unexpected twist when he was dropped for the second-leg against Atletico and sadly, it would set the tone for a challenging night. "I had quite a surprising week, with the Champions League match where I learned that I am not going to play and when I went home, I discovered that my home was robbed following the entry of three people who stole my safe," Pogba added. "There was my mother’s jewellery in there, my World Cup medal… What scared me the most, is that my two children were at home with the nanny during the incident." Pogba took to social media in the immediate aftermath of the incident to issue a plea for help in his quest to catch the criminals. “Last night our family's worst nightmare was realised when our home was broken into and burgled while our babies were sleeping in their bedroom," he wrote. “The burglars were in our home for less than five minutes but in that time they took from us something more valuable than anything we had in our home... our sense of safety and security. This occurred during the final minutes of last night's match when they knew that we would not be home. “My wife and I rushed home not knowing if our children were safe and unharmed. As a father there is no feeling worse in this world than not being there to protect your children and I sincerely hope that no one ever has to feel what I felt last night. “It is for this reason that I would like to offer a reward for anyone who has a clue to help us. Please send any info to rewardpogba@gmail.com.”