According to Jennie Bond, the Queen Mother was "notorious" for being "engaged and committed to any conversation" - just like the Duchess of Cambridge. This quality, she said, is "vital for the success and future of the crown". Describing Kate as "gracious, elegant, committed and dutiful", the former BBC royal correspondent said Kate is "the real deal". This comes in the wake of Kate and William's tour of the Caribbean. Despite being rocked by some turbulence - with questions being raised over the future of the monarchy in the commonwealth countries they visited - Kate and William were pictured connecting with local residents all along their trip. Speaking about the royal couple, Ms Bond said: "Kate is turning out to be the real deal. "Gracious, elegant, committed and dutiful - the Queen Mother would’ve very much approved of her.” "Princess Diana once told me that she found the Queen Mother intimidating. "Everyone who spoke to the Queen Mother would say that she gave you the time of day. I say the same about Kate. "She gives the impression of being fully engaged and committed to any conversation or engagement, and the Queen Mother was notorious for that.” "She would just stay and chat to her fans. She would recognise them and approach the crowd." READ MORE: Tim Martin wants to turn Buckingham Palace into Wetherspoons Speaking to OK! Magazine, the expert added: "There was a chap called Colin who always gave her a photograph of the last time they’d met. "She must’ve had hundreds of photos framed by him!" Discussing the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Ms Bond concluded: "She and William connect with young people in a way that’s vital for the success and future of the crown. "They’ve nailed it and made the monarchy cool." DON'T MISS: Tim Martin wants to turn Buckingham Palace into Wetherspoons [REVEAL] Prince Harry skewered for 'insulting' Royal Family [REACTION] Dr Shola rages in defence of Harry missing Philip memorial [REPORT] Kate and William's ability to connect with the public is becoming increasingly important as questions are being raised over the future of the monarchy, particularly in commonwealth nations such as Jamaica and Belize. Just two days after the couple left Belize, the country announced that it would be taking steps towards independence. Meanwhile, their visit to Jamaica was marked out by the Jamaican Prime Minister's announcement that the country intends to become a republic. In an official meeting with Kate and William, the country's Prime Minister Andrew Holness said: "Jamaica is, as you would see, is a country that is proud of its history and very proud of what we have achieved. "And we’re moving on and we intend to… fulfil our true ambitions and destiny to become an independent, developed and prosperous country."