The SNP politician noted the Chancellor had outlined measures that would support people in work but little to nothing for struggling pensioners. Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI) have been campaigning for years to obtain compensation over the way the pension age was equalised between men and women in 2015. Responding to Rishi Sunak's Spring Statement, Ms Thewliss said: "The measures put in place only help people who are in work.  "Benefits just don't go far enough as they don't keep pace with inflation and a welfare cap that punishes people for their circumstances. "An end to the triple lock and nothing for the WASPI women outside, campaigning yet today. "Still losing out on what should have rightfully been theirs." The Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman (PHSO) found that the Department for Work and Pensions is guilty of maladministration, and is currently investigating the harm caused. JUST IN: Rishi Sunak increases National Insurance threshold by £3,000 'Tax cut that rewards WORK' Changes to the State Pension age, which were legislated for in 1995, were not communicated through targeted letters to the affected women until 2008. The PHSO to find that "the opportunity that additional notice would have given them to adjust their retirement plans was lost." Ms Thewliss added: "Cutting Universal Credit (UC) by £20 a week at a time when people need it the most - a single mum spoke at a Gingerbread (a charity for single-parent households) reception on Monday and told us all how important it was that that money was there because things are tighter than they have ever been. "No further support for people on legacy benefits and disabled people who often faced higher energy costs and have no option in those costs; a taper put in place that only helps people who are in work; benefits just not going far enough as they don't keep pace with inflation, and a welfare cap that punishes people for their circumstances." READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Rishi Sunak replied: "I always want to make sure that we look after the most vulnerable in society. She mentioned a single mum who she knew. "I am pleased and proud of the fact that because of the actions of this Government, increasing the national living wage in April by 6.6%, by cutting the UC taper rate, and indeed by the increase in personal thresholds today. Taken altogether, all tax and welfare changes, that single mother of two children working full-time on the national living wage will now be £1,600 better off." The Chancellor also insisted his measures, which include plans to cut the basic rate of income tax by 2024, will deliver a clear "tax cut" for pensioners as well as workers. He said: "A clear goal for Conservative chancellors, and even some Labour ones, has been to cut income tax. The fact this has only happened twice in 20 years tells you how hard it is to do. DON'T MISS: "Covid and the war in Ukraine have only added to the difficulty of achieving this by the end of this Parliament." Mr Sunak added: "It would clearly be irresponsible to meet this ambition this year - and yet I refuse to let that ambition wither and drift. By 2024, the OBR currently expects inflation to be back under control, debt falling sustainably, and the economy growing. Our fiscal rules are met with a clear safety margin. "So, my final announcement today is this: I can confirm, before the end of this Parliament, in 2024, for the first time in 16 years, the basic rate of income tax will be cut from 20 to 19p in the pound. "A tax cut for workers, for pensioners, for savers. A £5 billion tax cut for 30 million people. It is fully costed and fully paid for in the plan announced today."