 On Tuesday, the Prime Minister will embark on a trip to the Middle East for a three-day trip to urge oil producers, including the Saudi crown prince Mohammed bin Salman, to tap into their reserves in order to lower wholesale prices. The wholesale price of oil has sky-rocketed after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and Britain has declared it will no longer use Russian oil by the end of 2022 as part of the crippling sanctions imposed on the country.   The PM believes that if Saudi Arabia makes the shift with their oil, it could limit the destruction of the ever-increasing cost-of-living crisis . However, a source in Whitehall stated: “It’s not something that’s going to happen this year – it’s the start of a conversation. “This is about the medium to long term.” Boris Johnson has been criticised for shifting oil dependency from one corrupt nation to another by Tory MPs who are concerned about the human rights record of Saudi Arabia.   Julian Lewis, Tory chair of the Commons Intelligence and Security Committee, warned the Government against a “dependency on another unreliable and sometimes hostile regime”. Saudi Arabia executed 81 men on Saturday in the biggest mass execution the kingdom has seen in a 24-hour period, reports state. Crispin Blunt, Conservative former Justice Minister, stated that “emptying death row” through mass execution “represents a new low for human rights and criminal justice in the Kingdom”. Mr Blunt added that the PM should “make clear to the Crown Prince how appalled friends of the kingdom are”. READ MORE:Homes for Ukraine scheme - details in FULL  The former Justice Minister bagged an urgent question in the House of Commons to register his concerns about the actions of the Crown Prince. He said it represented “a new low for human rights and criminal justice in the kingdom, only a week after the Crown Prince had promised to modernise its justice system”. DON'T MISS:Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert (INSIGHT)Supervolcano: Experts warned new threat 'rising up' beneath US (REVEAL)Royal Family not to blame for Andrew’s ‘disgraceful behaviour’ – POLL (POLL)  An official spokesperson for Boris Johnson said: “The UK is firmly opposed to the death penalty in all circumstances, in every country, as a matter of principle, and we routinely raise human rights issues with other countries including Saudi Arabia and will be raising Saturday’s executions with the government in Riyadh.” Members of Parliament from opposition parties also heavily criticised Boris Johnson, with Alistair Carmichael, Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesperson, saying: “If the Prime Minister goes in the next few days to Saudi Arabia, we will be sending a very clear signal that we are not that bothered about this kind of thing.” 