Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, gained popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to currently gain over 4.4 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes how to achieve spotless windows. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks, one woman asked for alternative recommendations to store bought glass cleaners to clean her windows with. Samantha Brian Creasman wrote: “What can be used for cleaning your windows, other than store bought glass cleaner?” Window cleaning is a task many homeowners put off as it is hard to achieve a streak-free finish. However, they need to be cleaned regularly to let more light into the home. READ MORE: ‘It really works’: Using coffee can cover scratches on furniture Samantha’s post was inundated with comments from Mrs Hinch fans, with the majority suggesting using a combination of newspaper and white vinegar to get “spotless” windows. Angie Pickard said: “For a spotless finish apply white vinegar to your windows using a cloth and then dry with newspaper.” Carly New advised: “Spray windows with white vinegar, then wipe dry with newspaper. It makes windows sparkle.” Olivia Fisher commented: “My father was a window cleaner by trade and he always recommends using white vinegar and newspaper as he say that it works fast and effective.” DON'T MISS: Cleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease [TIPS]Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [COMMENT]Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt [INSIGHT] Bonnie Lynn suggested: “White vinegar and wipe with crumpled, not folded, black and white newspaper. Let it sit for a bit if they are really bad, then wipe clean.” Flower Blu said: “White vinegar and newspaper leaves no streaks.” Kelly Roche agreed: “Newspaper and white vinegar gives the best results.” Cindy Thomas wrote: “When I worked at McDonalds back in the 80s they used white vinegar and water with newspaper to wipe it down with.” For those who are conscious about the smell of white vinegar taking over their home, they can add a few drops of washing up liquid. Maddie Jones said: “White vinegar is perfect to flea windows with, though I like to add a drop of washing up liquid to mask the smell. Then I simply buff it all away using a newspaper.” Not only can this work wonders for windows, but it is also a great way to recycle paper for new use. However, it is important not to use newspapers which feature any colour, as this can come off and stain windows. Black and white pages are the best way to put this hack into practice without damaging your windows. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using tumble dryer water for a “street-free” finish. Helen Day said: “The water from a tumble dryer is amazing and gives a streak free finish. Someone on this group mentioned it a while back and I’ve been using it ever since.” Corrinne Doyley added: “The water from the tumble dryer works really well. It also smells great and is completely free.”