Roman Abramovich’s sanctioning has thrust Chelsea and Thomas Tuchel into a world of sporting difficulty and uncertainty. While the west Londoners were able to overcome relegation battling Norwich City 3-1 at Carrow Road, a series of problems appears to be on the horizons. As well as losing vital revenue streams such as the capacity to sell match-day tickets and club merchandise, the Champions League holders cannot commit any players to new contracts, and if the club are still in the same situation come the end of the season, they will not be able to buy or sell any players. This means Cesar Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen, and Antonio Rudiger, whose contracts expire at the end of the campaign, will likely depart the club for nothing. It is an extremely untidy position for the Blues to be in as they are currently staring down the prospect of losing their captain and two of their best defenders without the means to sign any replacements. However, all is not lost for Chelsea, as they will be able to lean on some of their loan stars from the last campaign – Express Sport considers which forgotten Chelsea stars could come back into the fold at Stamford Bridge. JUST IN: Tuchel already has the solution to Chelsea's new transfer issue Matt Miazga The American central defender is currently on his sixth loan spell since joining the west Londoners from New York Red Bulls in the 2016 January transfer window. He has made 11 La Liga appearances for Alaves this season but has only played one of the Spaniard’s last six home matches. While he has only made two senior appearances for the Blues, Tuchel may have no choice but to bring him back into the fold next season if Chelsea’s are still operating under sanctions. Miazga has played in the Eredivisie, the Belgian First Division, Ligue 1, La Liga, and the Championship, and he may very well have to look to those experiences to prepare him for the Premier League. DON'T MISS:Chelsea 'partially laying off staff' due to Abramovich sanctions (NEWS)5 things we learned as Chelsea brush off Abramovich news at Norwich (ANALYSIS)Tuchel's thoughts on Chelsea's transfers emerge amid Abramovich saga (TRANSFERS) Baba Rahman His big money move from Augsburg in the summer of 2015 is often regarded as being one of the worst signings in Chelsea history. After a debut season littered with huge mistakes and very few appearances, Rahman joined the loan army and was sent to Schalke, Stade Reims, Mallorca, PAOK Salonika, and most recently Reading. If Ben Chilwell is not able to regain his fitness in time for next season, then Rahman could become a more regular feature in the Blues’ side. He would likely find himself competing alongside Marcos Alonso and the returning Emerson for the left-wing-back position in Tuchel’s backline. Michy Batshuayi It has never really worked for Batshuayi at Chelsea. Despite scoring the Blues’ title winning goal at the end of his debut campaign and following it up with a dramatic winner against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League. However, the 27-year-old has impressed while on loan at Besiktas, contributing 11 league goals and five assists in 23 appearances. Tuchel is blessed with lots of attacking talent who, crucially, will still be at the club come the end of the season. But Batshuayi may be able to challenge the likes of Romelu Lukaku and Kai Havertz for the centre-forward position in Chelsea’s frontline. Ethan Ampadu The versatile Welshman has often been regarded as one of Chelsea’s brightest prospects to emerge from the academy. But aside from some opportunities under Maurizio Sarri, runs in the first team have been in very short supply, as he has been sent to RB Leipzig, Sheffield United, and most recently, Serie A side Venezia. However, he could be offered the very same opportunities as fellow academy star Trevoh Chalobah, who was empowered by Tuchel after the club sold Kurt Zouma, Marc Guehi, and Fikayo Tomori last summer. Options at central defence look to be in short supply for Tuchel next season and Ampadu could be best placed to take advantage of the situation and become the latest youngster to carve a place for himself in the defence.