Below Deck Down Under is due to make its debut on Bravo on March 17. The TV series follows a new crew aboard a superyacht as they travel around the Whitsunday Islands in Australia. Aesha Scott, from Below Deck Mediterranean, is joining the cast and here's why. The new reality series will see the crew head just off the Queensland coast, next to the Great Barrier Reef. Long hours and high stress are just two of the obstacles they face as they entertain their charter guests. The politics of life below deck is another hurdle they will need to overcome. The crew is headed up by captain Jason Chambers, who teased some intense drama. Yet one familiar face from the franchise is returning as Aesha Scott joins as Chief Stew. READ MORE: Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway She said she was excited to take on more responsibility in a leadership role. She said: "I think the biggest thing coming back was feeling the pressure of being able to perform. "Everyone loved me so much on seasons four and five on Med. "I thought I would have so much more to think about and to do. "I was hoping I could also bring that ‘silly Aesha’ that everyone fell in love with in the beginning. You can’t change your personality though.” Speaking to TV Insider, she said she helped Captain Chambers slot into the world of reality TV. She said: "As far as his captaining style, he is very hands-on, which I love. "Most captains I worked with kind of stay in their wheelhouse. It was a new experience for me. It really made a difference.” The Chief Stew did tease some clashes between herself and some of the other crew members. She also addressed the beauty of the scenery around Northern Australia, where the series is filmed. DON'T MISS... Below Deck Sailing Yacht newcomer gives verdict on Dani's pregnancy [INSIGHT] Below Deck's Tom Pearson sets record straight on boozy night [INTERVIEW] Below Deck Med's Malia White admits wanting to leave show behind [INSIGHT] The star is on Instagram and her bio says she is "currently in New Zealand". She shared some beautiful photos of sandy beaches and a video of a paragliding experience. Teasing what is to be expected in her new series, she said: "Maaaaates I have some more juice for you to get you excited for the premier on March 17 on @peacocktv !! "As you can see I did NOT appreciate the chefs comments." [Sic] The chef is seen in the trailer said: "You stick to vacuums, I'll do the cooking." In a separate trailer where she introduces herself as Chief Stew, she said: "Honestly just cannot WAIT for March 17. "You guys are going to love this season so so much!! So many funny moments." Addressing her fans directly, she commented on the "gorgeous location and awesome crew". The star added: "Such a gorgeous location, awesome crew, and a fabulous season. "You have all been so supportive of my time as Second Stew, I would love for you to all follow along the next stage of my journey and see what I can do as Chief Stew."  Below Deck Down Under airs on Bravo, Hayu and Peacock from March 17.