Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is apparently in discussions with Paris Saint-Germain over the prospect of taking charge at the Parc des Princes. And it has emerged that the Italian has a clause in his Spurs contract to leave the club in the summer.  Conte is regarded as one of the best managers in world football and has enjoyed successful spells with Juventus, Chelsea and Inter Milan. He was appointed Spurs boss last November following the Lilywhites’ sacking of Nuno Espirito Santo, who lasted just four months at the helm. And Conte has since been focusing his attentions on helping Spurs secure a top-four Premier League finish. But, according to Calciomercato, Conte has now begun negotiations with PSG. And it appears his contract will allow him to walk away from Spurs at the end of the season if he opts for a move to France. Conte is said to be tempted by the offer of a fresh challenge in Paris and would no doubt be handed prodigious sums of cash to build whatever squad he desires across the channel. PSG are one of the richest clubs in the world and their owners would likely be more than happy to back Conte by sanctioning mega-money transfer deals and substantial player wages. READ MORE: Man Utd fans pelt Simeone with missiles after Atletico Madrid loss  Tottenham will try to persuade the 52-year-old to stay in north London as he has overseen an upturn in performances during his brief time at the helm. But they could face a huge battle to keep him if they don’t qualify for next season’s Champions League. Spurs are part of the chasing pack looking to cement fourth spot in the Premier League table come May. But their hopes were dealt a major blow last weekend as they were defeated 3-2 by top-four rivals Manchester United. Last summer, Conte left Inter just weeks after leading the club to their first Serie A title in 11 years. And Spurs chiefs will be hoping they don’t become the second club in less than a year to lose the star manager after he committed his future to the Lilywhites just days ago. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     “For sure at the moment there is only one truth - I am committed to this club for another year,” Conte said at the end of last week. “After four months I think the club have understood the way I want to work and I understand the club. “We have three more months till the end of the season to continue to improve our knowledge of each other and then to find the best solution for both. I can tell you that I am enjoying working for this club and I would like to fight for something important for this club.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here