Nick Zapolski, founder of ChooseMyCar.com said the theft of petrol and diesel could rise as fuel prices “go through the roof”. In 2018, a massive £1.1million of fuel was stolen from London alone. Experts at Crown Oil have previously claimed the cost of fuel theft to the UK was valued at over £9million. Mr Zapolski has urged road users to take some simple steps to endure they do not become a target in the coming weeks. This included securing the area where a car is parked and practice defensive parking so thieves can’t reach your filler cap. He claims parking close to their vehicles seriously limits” anyone’s ability to syphon off fuel. READ MORE: New red diesel rule is a 'cash grab' with law change weeks away Where it is safe, drivers should park close to a wall make sure the fuel cap side is parked opposite the kerb. He also urged drivers to fit a lockable filler cap on their vehicles which will “seriously deter” thieves. Motorists should also consider installing an alarm system on their vehicles or install CCTV where possible. Mr Zapolski said: “The price of fuel is now so high that no one can afford to lose any through theft. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [COMMENT]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [INSIGHT]Drivers could be a ‘potential danger’ by making petrol station error [ANALYSIS] “Sadly, it’s extremely likely that the UK will see a sharp increase in this crime as fuel prices continue to go through the roof. “The good news is that there are some steps you can take to protect yourself and your vehicle from fuel theft. “We’re urging drivers to take steps to not become a victim - by taking small steps you could prevent yourself from becoming a target.” The warning comes just months after a driver shared a video of his car moments after thieves drained his tank. Shadrack Olaloko showed how thieves had ripped off his petrol cap and climbed underneath his car to drain out a full tank of diesel. The incident was recorded in September when a petrol shortage caused chaos at the pumps. In a video posted on Facebook, he said: “What these guys did was they came and drained out all my fuel in the tank. “They made a hole in my tank. Can you see? “They made a hole and drained out all the diesel. A full tank of diesel. I just topped up yesterday.”