The UK has been invited to join a special meeting of the EU foreign affairs council to discuss the deteriorating situation in Eastern Europe. Despite leaving the trade bloc two years ago, Britain will attend the extraordinary sumit to ensure there is a united approach across the West on how to deal with Russia. The US, Canada, and Ukraine have also been invited to the EU meeting. Ms Truss confirmed her attendance at a press conference in Lithuania. The Foreign Secretary said "we need to go further" on introducing sanctions against Moscow as she called for Russia to be expelled from the Swift finance system completely. She said: "I will be raising these issues at the G7 tomorrow and also at the European Union foreign affairs council alongside the United States, Canada, and Ukraine, who have also been invited in these extraordinary circumstances." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "This is a struggle not just for Ukraine's freedom and self-determination, but for all of our freedom and security. "By continuing to respond with strengths we will together ensure that Putin loses," the minister added. "We worked with the US the EU and G7 to cut off funding for Putin's war machine, kicking Russian banks out of the financial system. "We need to go further. "We need to make sure no Russian bank has access to Swift." So far seven Russian banks have been banned from the international payment system that helps speed up international money transfers, but some still have access. DON'T MISS:‘Putin is laughing' Piers Morgan slams ‘pathetically spineless’ Europe [REACTION]Horror inside Mariupol exposed - hundreds dead and families torn apart [INSIGHT]Brit hero who fought Taliban to take on Russians [UPDATE] EU foreign council meetings are usually held for member states only. The UK's invitation to join the special convening highlights the seriousness at which Western partners are taking the threat of Putin. Britain has not attended an EU foreign council meeting since it left the bloc on January 31 2020. While the UK effectively remained in the single market until January 1 2021, terms of the one year transition period meant Britain was not allowed to be represented in meetings in Brussels. The UK has held daily conversations with international partners since Putin invaded Ukraine last week in order to coordinate a response. Britain, the EU and US have worked together to impose crippling sanctions on the Kremlin to destroy the Russian economy. Pushing for further action, Ms Truss told this morning's news conference: "We need to degrade the Russian economy. "We need to make sure that the Russian economy is crippled so it is unable to continue to fund Putin and the war machine."