"Prostate cancer is one of the biggest killers of men in the UK but more needs to be done to educate people on the signs," said Doctor Jiri Kubes. One of the first warning signs to be aware of is if you are experiencing interrupted sleep. Doctor Kubes elaborated: "If you regularly find yourself waking up late at night with a sudden need to visit the toilet, it could indicate there is something not right with your prostate." Another symptom of prostate cancer is urine hesitancy, which is when it is difficult to start urination. Doctor Kubes added: "Or a weak flow! As well as blood in the urine or in semen." Four warning signs of prostate cancer: "It can strike at any age, but men over the age of 50 should be keeping a very close eye on the health of their prostate," Doctor Kubes cautioned. READ MORE: Visceral fat – The fruit you can eat every day shown to reduce the perilous belly fat If you suspect you have symptoms of prostate cancer, do get checked over by a doctor or nurse. In many cases, changes to urine habits can be attributed to an enlarged prostate. An enlarged prostate The NHS highlighted the symptoms of an enlarged prostate, such as: "In some men, the symptoms are mild and do not need treatment. In others, they can be very troublesome," the NHS added. For really troublesome cases, surgery might be recommended on the NHS. However, if cancer is detected – and dependent on its growth – treatment can begin sooner. Doctor Kubes assured that "prostate cancer is often treatable"; the only caveat being that it needs to be "detected early". In the UK, the most common treatment paths for prostate cancer often include a mix of radiotherapy and hormone therapy.   However, many patients – according to Doctor Kubes – are turning to proton beam therapy. This type of radiation therapy uses highly-charged participles (rather than X-rays) to target cancerous cells. Proton beam therapy aims to minimise damage to any surrounding healthy tissue. Doctor Jiri Kubes is the medical director of leading cancer facility the Proton Therapy Center.