The cost of living crisis continues to impact British households, with rising prices impacting everything from gas and electricity to the supermarket food shop. Though using energy is essential to heat your home, provide warm water and keep the power on, there are ways you can reduce the cost of your monthly bill. In April, the regulator OFGEM has confirmed the energy price cap is set to shoot up by 54 percent. For some households, this could mean an extra £693 on their monthly outgoings. However, clamping down on unnecessary usage could be crucial for Britons trying to tighten the purse strings. The kitchen is one room in the home where energy is frequently wasted, often without us knowing. But by making some simple changes, residents could be seeing a happy deduction in how much they are shelling out each month. Here are eight ways you can reduce energy wastage in your kitchen READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how "Vampire devices" is the name given to electrical appliances that drain power when left on, even when they are not in use. Though many people think flipping their coffee machine or microwave to standby mode is enough to save on electricity, the reality is that it could be seeing bills surge. Some common energy-sucking appliances in the kitchen include microwaves, coffee machines, kettles, tumble dryers, washing machines, and dishwashers. People who have TVs and digital radios in their kitchen should also be sure to switch them off at the mains. Similarly, if you are prone to plugging your phone charger into the kitchen sockets, be sure to unplug and switch off at the mains once your device has a full battery. DON'T MISSFive daily cleaning jobs to leave your home sparkling [EXPLAINER]White vinegar and baking soda: 5 ways to clean around your home [INSIGHT]How to clean patio slabs - three household items for a sparkling patio [REVEALED] According to professional organiser Sue Spencer, the way you load your dishwasher could make your device more effective, and save on how much energy you use. Sue said: “The bottom rack of the dishwasher benefits from a hotter wash, and stronger water jets so it’s ideal for cleaning plates, saucepans and roasting tins.” Cookware should be stacked around the sides and back of the lower rack. Make sure to angle it so that the water and detergent can flow freely. The bottom row is also the prime spot for dishes and bowls. However, make sure not to overcrowd your machine. There should be plenty of gaps left between crockery and cutlery to allow water flow. Large serving bowls and platters should go along the sides and back. Keep your top row reserved for any smaller utensils, such as glasses, mugs, cups and cooking utensils that won't fit with the other cutlery. Make sure the dirty side is facing down and, of course, only run your dishwasher when it is full.  The more water in your kettle, the longer this will take to boil, and ultimately the more energy it will use. If you only need enough hot water for two cups of tea, follow the markers on the front of your kettle for this amount. According to WeAreDonation.com: "Collectively, UK tea drinkers could save nearly £1 million a day in electricity savings by only boiling what's needed. "That's not even including coffee drinkers, or anyone else boiling water for cooking." When it comes to washing your dishes or doing your laundry, you can save money simply by running it on a cooler wash. The most efficient way to save energy on laundry is by turning your machine to 30C or below. According to the Energy Saving Trust, washing at 30C rather than 40C reduces your energy consumption by 60 percent per cycle. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The more food you have in your freezer, the more efficient your appliance is. When your freezer is full, there is less room for warmer air to take up, and the items that are in there help to cool down any warm air that does get in. Put simply, keeping it full of food and other goods means less energy used overall. Maximising efficiency when cooking can ultimately help to drive down how much energy you are using. Adjusting the cookware you are using can work wonders when it comes to energy usage. Making sure to use the right size pan and lid will help to speed up your cooking time. Copper bottomed pans may also help the process, as they heat up faster. Make sure both your fridge and freezer are shutting properly. This will ensure that cold air stays in and warm air stays out. Any warm air that does get in will make the appliance work harder to cool it down, ultimately wasting energy. Using your microwave to defrost frozen food is convenient, but it can unnecessarily drive up bills. Plan ahead and pull out any frozen goods ahead of time, so they can defrost naturally without the need for added electricity.