The couple, who became close confidantes of the Queen after the death of the Duke of Edinburgh, have shown up at Westminster Abbey ready to support the rest of the royals at an emotional time for the family. The pair arrived with their children Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14, as they attended the celebration of the Duke of Edinburgh's legacy on what is likely to be a painful day for the Firm. Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, is the youngest child of Prince Philip and Her Majesty. Sophie, Countess of Wessex, as patron of more than 70 charities and organisations, has become an indispensable part of the Firm. The prince took over as patron of the Duke of Edinburgh Award after his father’s death in April last year. The Earl of Wessex, 57, has been a huge advocate for the DofE since he achieved the Gold Award himself in 1986. The prince was pictured laughing as his father presented him with the award. He was already a Trustee of the charity before Prince Philip’s death. A recipient of the gold award is due to speak at the memorial today, while nine other young people could be seen lining the steps of Westminster Abbey greeting arrivals. Doyin Sonibare, 28, from London, will pay tribute to Prince Philip, who died aged 99. Prince Edward said the death of his father last year came as a "dreadful shock". Speaking to a congregation at The Royal Chapel of All Saints in Windsor following his father's death, he said: "It's been a bit of a shock. However much one tries to prepare oneself for this it's still a dreadful shock and we're still trying to come to terms with that. "And it's very, very sad. But I have to say that the extraordinary tributes and the memories that everybody has been able to share have been so fantastic. It just goes to show, he might have been our father, grandfather, father-in-law but he meant so much to so many other people." Sophie, Countess of Wessex, said that Prince Philip's death "left a giant-sized hole in our lives". Speaking to BBC Radio 5 Live two months after the death of her father-in-law, she lamented that Covid-19 meant the couple were unable to spend as much time with the Queen as they liked as the family mourned their loss. She said: "I think unfortunately the pandemic has slightly skewed things, inasmuch as it's hard to spend as much time with the Queen as we would like to. We've been trying to, but of course it's still not that easy." She added: "I think the whole grieving process is probably likely for us to take a lot longer." Only 30 people were able to attend Prince Philip’s funeral in April due to coronavirus restrictions. Prince Edward led the procession along with his siblings, Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Prince Andrew. Prince William and Prince Harry also led the procession. The Wessex's Grade II-listed residence, Bagshot Park, is only a short drive from Windsor Castle, now the Monarch's permanent home.