The Russian President is trying to recruit Syrians to “sign up and fight in Ukraine”, a senior US defence official has claimed. Tuesday marks the 13th day of the conflict in Ukraine, as Kyiv claims Russian troops are “deserting in some areas” due to low morale. The official told reporters: “We find it noteworthy that [Putin] believes that he needs to rely on foreign fighters to supplement what is a very significant commitment of combat power inside Ukraine as it is. “We don’t have an estimate on numbers… It is not clear to us whether they’ve set a quota for that and what that would be or how many they’ve gotten [sic] so far. “But we can corroborate reports that the Russians are trying to supplement their fighters with foreign fighters.” The Russian recruitment bid was first reported by Syrian news website DeirEzzor24. The eyes of the world are on Putin’s every move as his unpredictable nature continues to spread fear across Europe. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin signed law granting lifelong immunity from prosecution Putin is no stranger to controversy, and accused David Cameron of creating a “great problem” when he called the Brexit vote in 2016. Politicians and political commentators had speculated he might welcome a British decision to leave the EU since it would significantly weaken the political bloc. But, in a speech in St Petersburg, just a week before Britons cast their vote, Putin questioned the reasoning behind the vote. He said: “I don’t think this is very proper to engage Russia in all the problems, even if we are not involved in it, to make Russia a scarecrow. “Civilised people do not do things this way. “As for the Prime Minister of the UK, there is a great problem with Brexit, why did he initiate this vote in the first place? “Why did he do that? So he wanted to blackmail Europe or to scare someone, what was the goal if he was against it?” Putin continued: “I want to say it is none of our business, it is the business of the people of the UK. DON'T MISS:Zelensky's successor unmasked with President an assassination target [INSIGHT]Ukraine POLL: Should UK issue total ban on Russian crude oil? [VOTE]‘They need help!’ Hundreds of British citizens head to Ukraine [REPORT] “I have my own opinion on this matter, I cannot talk about the result yet.” Upon confirmation that Britain had voted to leave, Putin said the vote was “nothing other than arrogance and a superficial approach from the British leadership to issues that are vital to their country and to Europe as a whole”. He proceeded to warn of the “traumatic effect” the vote would have and the economic consequences that British businesses would face — some of which have since come to fruition. Russia had — for the most part — cheered for Brexit as the vote approached in 2016. State broadcasters voiced their supporters, as did Russian newspapers. Putin later addressed Brexit in a national address in 2018, calling on Theresa May not to hold a second referendum and to instead “fulfil the will of the people”. He questioned how a second referendum would work in a democracy, and said: “Someone disliked the result, so repeat it over and over? Is this democracy? “What then would be the point of the referendum in the first place and what is the sense of direct democracy?” Western officials raised concerns of Russia interfering in both the 2016 US election and the Brexit referendum. Both the British and American governments launched an investigation, with the British findings released in 2020 in a report that Boris Johnson’s Government had previously attempted to block. The report concluded that Downing Street had “underestimated the response required to the Russian threat,” and that Russian influence in the UK was “the new normal”. While the report did not specifically address the Brexit campaign, it concluded Russian interference was commonplace, and found substantial evidence of interference in the 2014 Scottish independence referendum. The Kremlin has long denied any attempts to influence the outcome of any referendum.