The TV personality appeared on This Morning to host alongside Phillip Schofield as his usual co-star Holly Willoughby isolates at home after testing positive for COVID-19. As Josie, 37, chatted with regular guest Doctor Nighat Arif about the impact the pandemic has had on mental health, she candidly explained four friends had died during the pandemic and claimed that they had received "no support" prior. "During this pandemic, I personally know four people - four men, actually, that took their life to suicide," Josie detailed. She tearfully added: "I personally know them - the support was just not there." Doctor Arif explained there had been a huge backlog for mental health treatment during the pandemic. She stated: "The difficulty is when demand is so much... Hand on heart, even I don't have the solution for it." READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Advising the public on ways to cope with their mental health, she went on: "There are so many things that we can do. "So the first thing I say is talk, talk, talk. Don't be embarrassed, you can cry, you can be sad. "Make sure you are going for a walk, getting exercise, seeing green spaces, hugging a tree." Josie replied: "We all get low. Every day I take my shoes and socks off, and I walk outside on the grass because when you're connecting back to the earth, back to nature, you feel good." The GP later returned to the show to provide viewers with some extra tips. As callers voiced their own concerns about themselves or family members, she explained ways they can help. Josie added: "This is a tricky one in that throughout this pandemic everybody, and I mean everybody, has had their mental health suffer from all of this. "So I want to thank everybody for all your phone calls today." DON'T MISS... ITV viewers outrage as Tiger Roll farewell cut off for Tipping Point [LATEST]EastEnders exit for Zack Hudson as he betrays Sharon? [SPOILER] Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp brands co-star a ‘beast’ [VIDEO] Josie has stepped in to present the ITV show as Holly takes a break from her role to recover from the virus. The news was announced on Sunday as Holly tested positive before the Dancing on Ice semi-final aired. Like This Morning, she and Phillip Schofield present the competition together each week. It comes weeks after Phillip also had to take time off both shows as he tested positive himself. Ahead of Dancing on Ice, a spokesperson confirmed: "Unfortunately, Holly Willoughby is unable to host tonight's show after testing positive for Covid-19. "We look forward to Holly returning for the Dancing on Ice Live Final." Like her colleague, Holly presented This Morning with various stand-ins during Phillip's isolation period. The iconic duo has worked together on This Morning since 2009, and fans enjoy the rapport they share. This Morning airs weekdays at 10m on ITV. For support and advice on issues raised, visit https://www.mind.org.uk/ and/or https://www.samaritans.org/.