Grant Shapps appeared on Sky News to answer for the Government's slow uptake in Ukrainian refugees and said 760 visas have now been approved. But the Transport Secretary was grilled over the reports of refugees being turned away at Calais as they needed to fill out security forms in embassies many miles away. When asked why the process was so disorganised and difficult for Ukrainians, Mr Shapps made the claim that President Zelensky had personally told him and others that he did not want Ukrainians to go far away as he wanted them to resettle back into Ukraine after the conflict was over. Speaking on Sky News, Mr Shapps was asked by presenter Kamali Melbourne about the visa farce led by Ms Patel. When asked to clarify what the Government is doing, he replied: “In Lille, there is a centre being set up. “I do also know that because of the nature of the situation in Calais, of course, very long term issues, there are criminal gangs bringing people across. “We're very keen to separate these two issues so that people don't get involved or caught up in some of that and on their way towards the United Kingdom… “We want to make sure that people have been processed via the visa application centres.” Mr Shapps said there were “6000 slots available for people seeking those visas” and said it was important for Britain to “throw its arms” around Ukrainians. But the Conservative frontbencher then made the claim that President Zelensky does not want Ukrainians to move far from Ukraine in an extraordinary defence. He continued: “I do want to stress that President Zelensky has directly asked us for the humanitarian provision and doesn't want people, broadly speaking, unless they have those family ties.  “But broadly speaking, [he] prefers people to settle closer to Ukraine because [he] wants people to be able to go back again which is very important when it comes to rebuilding this country.” It is unclear when President Zelensky informed the UK Government but the Ukrainian leader did present to the House of Commons on Tuesday. The UK has come under fire for dragging its heels on processing Ukrainian visa applications as only 50 had been processed at the start of the week. Poland, Moldova and Romania have waived visa restrictions and have allowed hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians to settle there. DON'T MISS: Michael Portillo savages EU 'Made themselves dependent on Russia' [INSIGHT]Putin's 'great problem' with Brexit: 'Civilised people don't do this' [COMMENT]Putin adviser gives staggering response in support of Ukraine war [ANALYSIS]  Reports emerged that Ukrainian families wishing to enter the UK have been turned away at Calais and told to go to UK embassies many miles away to process their applications. Ms Patel has come under pressure to set up a processing centre closer to Calais after announcing a pop-up centre in Lille. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: "The Home Office has placed staff in Poland and Hungary to help people, they have also... the home secretary has announced a new pop-up application site in Lille." 