Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky invoked British war leader Sir Winston Churchill in an emotional address to MPs, vowing to fight invading Russian troops in the air, sea and on the streets. In a speech to the House of Commons that was greeted before and after by standing ovations, Mr Zelensky repeated his call for a no-fly zone to be established by the West, begging for the UK to "make sure that our Ukrainian skies are safe". Speaking through a translator provided by Parliament TV, he said: "We are looking for your help, for the help of Western counties. "We are thankful for this help and I am grateful to you Boris. "Please increase the pressure of sanctions against this country (Russia) and please recognise this country as a terrorist country. "Please make sure sure that our Ukrainian skies are safe. "Please make sure that you do what needs to be done and what is stipulated by the greatness of your country. READ MORE: Russian whistleblower warns Ukraine invasion will be a 'total failure' "Glory to Ukraine and glory to the United Kingdom." Echoing Winston Churchill's infamous 'We shall fight them on the beaches' speech to the House of Commons on June 4 1940, President Zelensky said: "We will fight in the forests, in the fields, on the shores on the streets." He added: "Just the same way you once didn't want to lose your country when the Nazis started to fight your country and you had to fight for Britain. "Thirteen days of this struggle ... at 4 o clock in the morning we were attacked by cruise missiles. "Everybody woke up and people with children... We have been fighting for our country, with our army." He went on: "Russian forces demanded that we lay down arms, we need to continue fighting." In response, Mr Johnson said: "Never before in all our centuries of our parliamentary democracy has the House listened to such an address. "In a great European capital now within range of Russian guns President Volodymyr Zelensky is standing firm for democracy and for freedom." It comes as Ukrainian refugees will be able to apply for UK visas at another processing centre being set up in Lille, according to the Foreign Secretary. Liz Truss told MPs about the "pop-up" site in the city in northern France after the Government's resettlement policy for fleeing war-torn Ukraine was branded "cruel and chaotic". In the House of Commons on Tuesday, Labour MP Diane Abbott (Hackney North and Stoke Newington) asked: "Will the Foreign Secretary speak to her colleague the Home Secretary about the cruel and chaotic way that desperate Ukrainian refugees are being treated by her department? "It cannot be right that there is no visa application centre in Calais and Ukrainian refugees who travel thousands of miles to Calais are being redirected to either Paris or Brussels. Does the Foreign Secretary agree that this brings the UK into disrepute?" DON'T MISS BBC's Clive Myrie vows he ‘will return’ to Ukraine [INSIGHT]Could the invasion of Ukraine push Ireland to join NATO? [ANALYSIS]Putin adviser gives staggering response in support of Ukraine war [VIDEO] Ms Truss replied: "The Home Office have placed staff in Poland and Hungary to help people, they have also ... the Home Secretary has announced a new pop-up application site in Lille. "I can tell her that the Home Office has set up a surgery for MPs in Portcullis House which I am sure she will be very welcome to take any cases she has to." It comes after Home Secretary Priti Patel told MPs on Monday: "I can confirm that we have set up a bespoke VAC en route to Calais but away from the port because we have to prevent that surge taking place." But she later told the Commons the Government is still "setting up" the visa application centre (VAC), adding that there was a need to avoid creating "choke points" in Calais and instead "encourage a smooth flow of people", as concerns were raised over Ukrainians being turned away from the French port city.