Mrs Hinch rose to fame several years ago on Instagram when she started to share different cleaning hacks. The social media sensation now shares more day-to-day life content and her fans share their own tips and tricks on dedicated cleaning pages online. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook group, Cassy Ayton wrote: “Please help, I’ve got lily pollen on my new carpet!” The cleaning fan also shared a photo of the stain which showed a large yellow stain on a beige carpet. Lily pollen is a dusty substance which can fall out of the flower when in bloom. The oil on hands and fingers can cause flower pollen to sink deeper into fabrics including carpets. READ MORE: Areas of the home to ‘avoid’ cleaning with white vinegar - ‘don’t use’ This is why it is recommended to try and remove it whilst the carpet and pollen are dry. Louise Mundell wrote: “I cut the pollen stems off now as I’ve learnt that lesson, it’s awful stuff.” Claire Cotterill said: “I cut out my pollen as soon as the lily opens. Cut them and drop onto a paper towel.” Lee McLachlan commented: “I take it you rubbed it? You should have used tape gently to pick the pollen up.” DON'T MISS:Monty Don: ‘Perfect’ time to plant early salad leaves including rocket [COMMENT]Alan Titchmarsh shares how to remove garden weeds in spring [EXPLAINER]Heating: Why households should switch their heating off this weekend [INSIGHT] Fans shared top tips with each other on methods to try and remove the stubborn yellow stains. Chrissy McAllen said: “Fresh lemon juice! Lemon juice got curry stains out of my very light carpet, heard white vinegar works too.” Kim Hill wrote: “White vinegar will get that out.” Trisha Phillips commented: “Squeeze lemon juice directly onto the carpet, can use salt too or mix with water. Stain should completely disappear, you’ll be amazed.” Fresh lemons can be picked up for as little as 30p each. Beverley Norton recommended using bicarbonate of soda to help dissolve the stain. Bicarbonate of soda can be used to clean carpet because it is a powerful alkaline solution that helps to remove carpet stains and other materials with ease. It can also help to freshen up both the appearance and smell of the carpet if combined with lemon juice. Mrs Hinch fans recommended purchasing Arm and Hammer bicarbonate of soda which can be purchased for as little as £1 on Amazon. Elise Bourne commented: “Same thing just happened to me, and I panicked and started rubbing. “I tried using carpet stain remover and shaving foam, nothing worked. “Came straight on here and used WD-40 and it worked!” WD-40 protects metal from rust and corrosion while also lubricating almost anything. It can even remove grease, grime and more from the majority of surfaces.