Lindy Pieri experienced hearing loss at a very young age, and it impeded her quality of life for several decades. She spoke to Express.co.uk about how she finally reclaimed her confidence and hearing, changing her whole life in the process. Suffering from two types of hearing loss, one from a burst abscess in childhood and the other from getting older, Lindy was struggling with day to day activities most people take for granted. An avid explorer, she exclusively told Express.co.uk: “I began to find travelling really, really difficult.” On one frightening occasion, Lindy accidentally got the last train home the wrong way, ending up in Clacton rather than Norwich. Locked out of the station, she met a kind elderly woman - “even more elderly than me” – who took her in and let her stay the night. READ MORE: Woman shares skin transformation after 'endless staring' Throughout her life, Lindy’s lack of hearing affected her adversely; branded “slow” at school, she grew up constantly being left out of conversations because people couldn’t be bothered to repeat themselves, seeing her as “stupid rather than deaf”. She explained: “It was difficult because I’m a social person but it became hard especially in situations where lots of people were talking and it became overwhelming. “I’d have to say, ‘Can you say that again?’ and quite often the response I’d get was ‘Oh, it doesn’t matter’, but it does matter because a deaf person wants to be involved.” At one point, her hearing loss shattered her confidence so much that Lindy stopped answering her house phone. Yet Lindy didn’t believe there was truly a problem with her ears, assuming they were just blocked, and only upon the instruction of her daughter went to get her ears checked out. Her subsequent hearing loss diagnosis and hearing aids have changed her life and now she’s “raring to go”, even joining a lip reading group where she has met so many people in a similar position. With a newfound confidence and willingness to explore, Lindy joined an online class which taught the theory of Burlesque dancing during lockdown. While she absolutely loved it, “doing a few moves in the kitchen wasn’t the same”, which prompted her to sign up for an in-person class. “I honestly think that you’re never too old to start something new, and having improved hearing has improved my confidence.” Asked if she would have taken up this new hobby had she not sorted out her hearing, Lindy answered: “No. And I certainly wouldn’t have gone to the live class.” Lindy even realised a dream of hers recently, seeing Burlesque icon Dita Von Teese performing in London.“It was fabulous. She was in this giant martini glass.” Having previously struggled with travel, Lindy’s new ability to hear has inspired her to book a solo trip to the Midlands. “I'm going to Birmingham to do a vintage photo shoot, where they’ve got all these vintage fits and they do your hair and makeup.” Speaking about her hearing aids, Lindy said: “I absolutely love them because they're helping me hear. I feel more confident. “I would love everybody who's having trouble hearing to go and get a hearing test because I really think it can change your life.” For the first time in forever Lindy heard the birds singing outside and stopped in her tracks: “I just thought, ‘Oh wow’.” Sadly, hearing loss can still be stigmatised, but Lindy celebrates hers with some specialised earrings that fit around her hearing aids, from Deaf Metal jewellers. “I really, really want hearing aids to be cool.”