Carlo Ancelotti has a 'long-held ambition" to manage Manchester United and feels he could make a difference to the current situation at Old Trafford, according to reports. Real Madrid boss Ancelotti has emerged as a surprise candidate to become the next permanent United boss in the last few days. Ancelotti only returned to Real last summer, leaving Everton for the Bernabeu. Los Blancos currently sit top of La Liga but there has still been speculation over the Italian's future beyond this season. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are two of the top targets for United once Ralf Rangnick's spell as interim boss comes to an end. However, Ancelotti's name can be added to the list of targets for the Red Devils. TOP STORY: Man Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood  According to Duncan Castles of the Transfer Window podcast, United made contact with Ancelotti over a fortnight ago. The club's new chief executive Richard Arnold was the person to speak to the former Chelsea and AC Milan boss. United feel Ancelotti has the experience and maturity to lead them through a rocky period in the short term. And the 62-year-old gave a positive response to Arnold that he would be interested in the job. DON'T MISSMan Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]Everton fan 'walks away' from medical emergency that halted Boreham Wood FA Cup clash [NEWS]Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi set to go head to head again for Man Utd and PSG [REPORT]  Castles said: "I'm going to start with a bit of exclusive news which is about Carlo Ancelotti's response when he was contacted by Manchester United as part of their search for what they'd like to describe as a permanent successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. "We can tell you that contact was from the new Manchester United chief executive Richard Arnold, it took place over two weeks ago. "Ancelotti was told they were interested in him because they saw him as an experienced, mature leader who's a proven winner of trophies. "He has, according to someone close to Carlo, had a long-held ambition to manage Manchester United and he believes that he could make a difference in the current circumstances.  "He's not unhappy at Real Madrid at present but he's also not entirely content." Ancelotti could not hide his admiration for United when asked about them in an interview in 2020. He said: “Yes of course Manchester United is a fantastic club, a fantastic team I battled against them a lot of times when Sir Alex [Ferguson] was there, when I was at Chelsea. “I have a lot of respect for this team, for this club, it is a historical club in the world of football like Milan, like Real Madrid, a lot of respect.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here