Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has confirmed he will be without talismanic defender Ruben Dias for up to six weeks after the Portuguese international picked up a hamstring injury in midweek. The former Benfica man was forced off on Tuesday night in the FA Cup triumph at Championship side Peterborough but scan results have created cause for concern ahead of the Premier League title run-in. Second-place Liverpool are now smelling blood after City's 3-2 home defeat to Tottenham nearly a fortnight ago allowed the Reds to close the gap at the top. Furthermore, the January signing of Luis Diaz from Porto appears to have given the challengers a new lease of life after winning the Carabao Cup last weekend. City, meanwhile, are enduring a slightly difficult patch as they look to maintain their slim advantage over Liverpool. However, the champions have now been rocked by the news they will be without Dias for this weekend's visit of Manchester United and beyond. READ MORE: China 'to cancel Premier League broadcasts' in support of Russian leader Vladimir Putin Guardiola expects Dias to miss four to six weeks of action while fellow defender Nathan Ake will also be absent for the Manchester derby. "They are not available on Sunday," Guardiola said during Friday's press conference. "The rest I think they are ready, Cole Palmer is feeling better, hopefully he can start training with us in a few days." There is a chance Ake may have slotted in alongside John Stones or Aymeric Laporte at the heart of the City defence with Guardiola now down to bare bones at the back. Intriguingly, United have won on five of their last seven Premier League visits to the Etihad Stadium. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresShakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shellSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlist  City have recorded just one win during that stretch, which came in November 2018 (3-1 victors). Guardiola is also cautious that City will have to contain Cristiano Ronaldo, who was a target for the club last summer if they are to defeat their noisy neighbours. "One of the greatest players in the last 15 years alongside [Lionel] Messi. We aren't going to see it again," he said on the United star. "When you achieve these things you're under scrutiny every day. Today especially with social media. He was too good and as a finisher exceptional top player. It was a joy to watch in these years. We have to explode our game and strength to avoid him close to the ball. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "The game we played there, we were under control, first time he arrive Ederson made incredible save. This is the quality haha, we have to control him. One of the greatest, a goalscoring machine, always he is so strong mentally. "He handles this pressure without a problem, lives with expectation through his career in a positive way." Liverpool have the chance to move within three points of City when they face West Ham at Anfield on Saturday evening (5:30pm). By the close of play this weekend, Liverpool will still have a game in hand on their title rivals, who they meet at the Etihad Stadium next month (April 10) for a season-defining showdown.