Former US/UK relations advisor and Senior Fellow of the Bow Group, Lee Cohen, spoke to Express.co.uk about Mike Pence distancing himself from his former boss Donald Trump. During a conference in February, Mr Pence shot down Mr Trump's suggestion of electoral fraud which eventually led to the Capitol Hill riots, and called him "un-American". Mr Cohen was "stunned" by the comments as many of Mr Trump's allies have continued to push the line and believed it was done to see if he had any support for a presidential candidacy in 2024. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Cohen reflected on the speech and believed Mr Pence was setting himself up for a new campaign. He said: "Mike Pence's choice to break from President Trump in such an outspoken way was stunning. "Clearly, he felt compelled to draw a line, not unlike he did on January 6, refusing to overturn the election. "He did a couple of things in his recent speech, most notably full-on expressing his belief that President Trump was in error. "He also explained, from his perspective why he refused to rebut the prima facie outcome of the elections, he is testing messaging to see if there is an audience with whom his thinking resounds to determine if there is any support for him as a candidate in 2024." Mr Cohen then discussed the strengths of Mr Trump and believed the two men worked well together due to the way they both come across. He added: "Trump is a master of public relations and no one, certainly not Mike Pence can enthrall and engage the masses, and in some cases, enrage other masses. "And only he, among the Republicans he ran against, could capture and focus the disgust of ordinary people with elites constantly lecturing that America is not a force of good in the world. So too only Trump could have vanquished Hillary Clinton.  "Trump should receive massive praise for having recruited policy-oriented leaders like Mike Pence to his circle for while Trump dominated in messaging, he allowed the policy practitioners like Pence to score enormous victories that the press refused to laud such as Trump’s world-beating Middle East agenda." Mr Cohen then compared Mr Trump to the current president, Joe Biden, and believed the Democrat was given "every pass and benefit" despite his many gaffes. He believed Mr Biden "emboldened" America's enemies by exploiting a weak leader. Mr Cohen concluded: "Before their parting of the ways, Trump and Pence were a good team. I have met both men, they both have talents the other lacks, they were a good team. I am regretful that they have gone their separate ways." DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Unhinged Putin vows to attack entire world [LIVE] 'Putin has lost touch!' 1.2m Russians sign anti-war petition [REPORT] Which countries have taken the most Ukrainian refugees as UK lags [REVEAL]  Speaking at the Federalist Society Florida Chapters conference near Orlando, Mr Pence shot down Mr Trump's suggestion of voter fraud as America had just marked its year anniversary of the riots. Mr Pence said "President Trump is wrong" and said it was "un-American" to allow one individual to dictate the election outcome. He said: "Under the Constitution, I had no right to change the outcome of our election, and Kamala Harris will have no right to overturn the election when we beat them in 2024." Mr Trump has repeatedly hinted he may run again in 2024. He told a rally in Arizona that he wanted to “Make America great again… again” and has repeatedly said how his election loss against Joe Biden was the result of fraud. 