Lando Norris and George Russell have taken friendly shots at each other in the media ever since the pair broke into F1 and the McLaren driver has continued that lighthearted ribbing after studying his rival's Vanity Fair photoshoot. A handful of F1 drivers featured in a special feature on Vanity Fair with Norris and Russell among those seemingly out of their comfort zone in some outlandish outfits. Norris appeared on Sky Sport F1's 'Any Given Monday' to give his view on the drivers which featured in the article. And while Daniel Ricciardo and Esteban Ocon were spared of any stinging remark, Norris took particular aim at Russell's look. The Mercedes driver had two different outfits which featured in the piece, but it was the photo of Russell wearing an oversized green coat by Valentino which grabbed Norris' attention. "The jacket doesn't really suit George I would say," Norris said on Sky Sports F1. "And there's something going on around the face area. It's hard to pinpoint what it is. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton caught out by rule change and four things you missed  "George has a very chiselled jawline and there he looks more like a little gerbil or a little hamster or something." Norris did switch to speak of McLaren's woes in the season-opening race in Bahrain, with the Briton finishing 15th with Daniel Ricciardo just ahead in 14th. Only Nicholas Latifi and Nico Hulkenberg finished behind the two McLaren drivers and they were both more than 30 seconds adrift of a place in the points. There's a quick turnaround for this weekend's race in Saudi Arabia, leaving McLaren with little time to bring in big upgrades to climb up the grid. And Norris has accepted that it's going to take some time before McLaren can get it right on the track. DON'T MISS  "It's not a simple fix," Norris said. "At times the balance can feel relatively decent, it's just we end up going slower than the majority. That's just simply, we don't have enough downforce [front and rear], just total downforce, total load. "There are definitely some things that we can try, adapt to and maybe change on the car that we've got, to make it work a little bit better but it's also not solely that simple. A lot of it is also the philosophy of the car and understanding really how to make it work properly. "That's not easily done week to week and maybe, not able to be changed from week to week. We just need to understand it really."