Gangster drama Peaky Blinders is now a worldwide phenomenon after the show first started airing in 2013. The programme has fans in all corners of the globe, who are eagerly watching the final series. Express.co.uk looks at the last-ever series of the show and its future. Season six - which is the last one - started airing on BBC One on Sunday, February 27 at 9pm. The show will continue to air in the same time slot, so Peaky Blinders will be airing tonight (Sunday, March 6) at 9pm. All subsequent episodes are expected to be broadcast in the same time slot unless there is a major change. Instalments from the sixth run will be available to watch on BBC iPlayer on catch up following broadcast or streamed live as each episode goes out. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: Why did Freddie Thorne star Iddo Goldberg leave? The previous five seasons of Peaky Blinders are also available to watch on demand on BBC iPlayer for those looking for a refresher. Peaky Blinders season six will be available to watch on Netflix in America and is expected to arrive on Netflix UK & Ireland once the BBC broadcast is complete. Peaky Blinders is perhaps one of the biggest shows ever for the BBC, alongside Top Gear and Doctor Who. When the Cillian Murphy-fronted series first started, it was a mid-week slot on BBC Two but over the years the show gained momentum. However, Peaky Blinders was eventually bumped up to BBC One and into the coveted Sunday night primetime slot at 9pm. Along with Murphy, the drama has attracted Hollywood stars including Oscar winner Adrien Brody, Sam Neill, Tom Hardy, and Sam Claflin. Even veteran rapper Snoop Dogg has shared his love of the series by donning a flat cap and covering the title theme Red Right Hand, originally by Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds. Speaking about Peaky Blinders, Murphy said in a BBC interview: “The ambition was always very, very big. Anything you think might happen, something entirely different happens. That to me is great, great writing. “It’s almost a decade of people’s lives. We’ve been through a lot together. It’s been a trip, it’s been unexpected. I’m just really thankful for it, really.” Murphy explained prior to the series in 2012 there was virtually nothing about the Peaky Blinders in the public domain and it was very much Knight sharing tales he’d grown up with of Birmingham gangsters with concealed razor blades in the peaks of their flat caps. In preparation for the now iconic role of Tommy Shelby, Murphy read history books about poverty and the Interwar period as well as meeting with Romani travellers to learn about their culture and experiences. However, the Inception and Dark Knight rises star said getting into character wasn’t simply putting on the hat and sticking a cigarette in his mouth. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant? [THEORY]The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone [INTERIVEW]Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon's £30 earrings make huge profit [VIDEO] Murphy explained: “It’s definitely always a journey. He’s such a distance from me as a character and it takes an awful lot of time to get back there. “It takes several months each time to work towards it like working towards it with the scripts and then physically getting to that place.” Once Peaky Blinders ends its current run, its creator Steven Knight has spoken about a big-screen outing for his Birmingham gangster story. Knight said: “I’m calling the sixth series ‘the end of the beginning’ because there’s so much more to come.” He added to The Guardian: “The writing and making of the film will tell us where we should go next.” Peaky Blinders season 6 airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm