The Kremlin could be preparing to launch an attack on the Ukrainian capital over the coming days, reports suggest. Washington-based think tank Study of War warned on Monday evening the Russian forces were "concentrating in the eastern, north-western and western outskirts of Kyiv" in preparation for an "assault on the capital in the coming 24-96 hours". However, Study of War went on to claim Vladimir Putin's troops would need to consider how effective they are to "resupply, reorganise and plan". It had initially been suggested Russia's invasion, which was launched on February 24, failed to lead to a quick Ukrainian collapse because of what experts describe as flawed assumptions. Michael Kofman, from the CNA think tank, added: "No part of the military operation looked rational or what you would expect them to do." Russian forces had previously marched on the Ukrainian capital in a 40-mile long convoy. JUST IN: 'Taken advantage of by Europe!' Trump blasts Biden after EU snub US boycott of Russia The convoy soon caused a backlog with large traffic jams reportedly hard to avoid. The Kremlin's troops were also advancing to the east of the capital to the suburb of Brovary. Mr Kofman went on to claim "the logistics problem is undersold". He added it was "extremely hard to undo" traffic jams once they emerged. READ MORE: 'Suffocate Putin's cronies!' Brexit Britain criminalises Russian aircraft from entering UK Kofman claimed: "Militaries often have to learn problems the hard way." However, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) provided an update about events in Ukraine late last night. They said: "Russian forces have reportedly disrupted humanitarian corridors established in Mariupol and Sumy. "This is the third successive day President Putin’s forces have breached their own ceasefire agreements. "Shelling and small-arms fire were reported throughout the day although it is likely some civilians have been able to successfully flee the besieged cities. "Those civilians forced to remain continue to suffer from shortages of power, food and water exacerbated by heavy Russian shelling."