On Tuesday's Good Morning Britain, Wallace was challenged by Reid and Richard Madeley about Britain's lack of response in terms of taking in Ukrainian refugees fleeing war. During the ITV interview, Wallace claimed if he were Home Secretary he could do more to improve the situation, but he quickly backtracked once Reid repeated the claim. "I absolutely agree that we have to speed up the visa processing and I know the home secretary is determined to do that," Wallace commented. "Overall, there are three parts to the crisis. One is making sure people get out and get to safe countries. "I sent nearly 350 soldiers specifically, even before the invasion, to be in place, to make sure the Poles have that support and that resilience to manage-" "Can we get a pop-up centre in Calais today?" Madeley cut in to ask. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell "Straight question, can you just answer that? "Can we get a pop-up in Calais today? And if not, why not?" Wallace replied: "Well, Richard, I'm not the Home Secretary, that's why not. "The responsibility for the processing of our borders is the responsibility of the home secretary.  "What I can do, and I know the Home Secretary is determined to do, is as the Ministry of Defence did in Afghanistan, I can lean in, provide her with as many people as she likes, as many people as she needs to do the processing-" "Are you, Mr Wallace, saying if you were Home Secretary that it would happen today?" Reid asked. "No, no I'm not, but," Wallace began, but Reid cut him off. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley causes 'outrage' with 'patronising' First Lady probe [LATEST]Our House star Martin Compston opens up on 'tough shoot' [EXCLUSIVE]Vanessa Feltz's sex talk leaves This Morning viewers ‘switching off' [REACTION] "Well, sorry, that's exactly what I heard you just say," she pointed out. "'Why can't we do it today?' Because I'm not the Home Secretary." "No, because I don't have the same legal constraints that she does," the MP answered. "So, for example, I can't put soldiers in France to build a tent because it's a sovereign country, it has to be up to the French what we do in France. "The Home Secretary has to balance the legal responsibility of keeping people safe in the United Kingdom and processing at the border, and that is a balance that is easier when dealing with some countries and harder with others. "And she has to take that call and I fully support her in the decisions she is making." "Are you suggesting it's the French who are preventing us from setting up that support?" Reid challenged. Wallace replied: "What I said was I couldn't do it with soldiers arriving in Calais because that would be putting soldiers in a sovereign state without their permission." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.