Western powers are on high alert as experts warn Putin may be looking to gain control of biological research labs in Ukraine. Recent developments have sparked fears that bio attacks may hit the nation soon. Russia's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman claimed the US has been carrying out biological programmes in Ukraine.  However, various analysts — including MP and former army captain Tobias Elwood — have warned these allegations represent a “despicable pretext” to justify their own subsequent biological or chemical attack. The Kremlin spokeswoman also claimed Russia had documents to back up the claim the components of these deadly biological weapons are near the Ukraine-Russia border. She said: "We know they were looking for opportunities to develop these weapons." Testifying in front of US Congressmen, Undersecretary of State Victoria Nuland said: “Ukraine has biological research facilities, which in fact we are now quite concerned Russian forces may be seeking to gain control of.  “So we are working with the Ukrainians on how we can prevent any of those from falling into the hands of Russian forces should they approach.” Rumours have been circulating online that Ukrainian troops, with the support of NATO are planning to use chemical weapons to fend off the Russian invaders. However, experts believe that these rumours are part of a disinformation campaign by Russia. Later, Ms Nuland was asked in the event of a chemical attack in Ukraine, whether she’s comfortable saying that it’s 100 percent certain that Russia was to blame, not Ukrainian troops.  READ MORE: Putin threat: West on high alert over chemical weapon She said: “There is no doubt in my mind. “It is classic Russian to blame on the other guy what they are planning to do themselves." Mike Cernovich, an American alt right media personality shared a clip of her testimony on twitter, saying: “Uh … How many “Wuhan labs” are out there?” Western officials are concerned Putin would use false flag operations to launch a bio attack on Ukraine. In a briefing to journalists, one official said: "I think we've got good reason to be concerned about possible use of non-conventional weapons, partly because of what we've seen has happened in other theatres. DON'T MISS: Xi Jinping on path to conflict with Putin as China could STARVE [REVEAL] Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [INSIGHT] Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [MAPPED]