Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew live at Royal Lodge, the former home of the Queen mother in Windsor. Prince Andrew has a 75-year lease on the place and continues to be allowed to live there despite being stripped of his title and royal duties in light of recent events. The Royal Lodge is not so much a lodge as a mansion. It reportedly has 30 rooms and 21 secluded areas, as well as a huge garden. The garden extends into Windsor Great Park, which Prince Andrew has said is spectacular when the rhododendrons bloom”. The Lodge is reportedly worth at least £30million, as of January 2022. READ MORE: When to plant new potatoes - Best time for tasty harvest Inside, a gothic drawing-room occupies the heart of the house, according to The Telegraph. There is a grand saloon with sage green panelling, soaring ceilings, oil painting depicting the surrounding park, and a huge Persian carpet. In one of the corridors is a sword which is tied to an amusing story – according to Prince Andrew, Princess Beatrice accidentally cut Ed Sheeran’s face with the ornament while pretending to knight the singer James Blunt. There is also a study, where Princess Elizabeth and her father, King George VI, were photographed inside in 1942.  Every surface of the Lodge reportedly features expensive floral displays and many framed photographs of Sarah. The Duchess of York has given royal fans glimpses of the house since the beginning of the pandemic, mainly through Zoom calls. Her calls always seemed to be filmed in a conservatory with windows spanning the width of the room, white walls, and multiple potted plants. The room also has large chairs with white and grey covers, as well as red cushions. In 2020, Fergie shared a photo on Instagram unveiling another part of the room where there was a charcoal grey drinks cabinet. Inside, there was a selection of glasses and drinks, while the top was lined with large candles in glass vases. Sarah and Andrew have lived in the Royal Lodge since 2004 and reportedly still stay there together. Some have found their dynamic strange, with the Duchess herself describing her and Andrew as “the happiest divorced couple in the world”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Royal author Penny Junor said: “Who knows what the relationship really is. It seems utterly bizarre.” Speaking to the Guardian, Penny added: “She [Sarah] has not just stood silently by his side. She actually speaks out in favour of him.” Appearing on Loose Women in August 2021, Fergie revealed: “Andrew and I remain steadfast, in the past we’ve been co-parenting and now we’re co-grandparenting.” Their daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, as well as their babies, regularly visit the Royal Lodge to see their parents. They also lived there for a time before they got married to their respective partners and had children.