The former UK Ambassador to the United States appeared on Tuesday's instalment of GB News where he addressed the ongoing Ukraine conflict as well as President Putin's "irrationality" as the crisis in Eastern Europe continues. Speaking to hosts Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster, the 78-year-old explained either an ex-KBG agent or a "growing groundswell of dissatisfaction" in Russia could remove Putin. Meyer began: "Well there are plenty of people who think he has become deranged and unhinged by present events. "For years we have said this is an ice-cold character who is someone who does diplomacy and politics like a game of chess "But what we have seen over the recent weeks and months is a man who seems to be very emotional and has started an invasion which has produced politically and internationally the opposite effect of what he wanted. "He doesn't want a stronger NATO on his western frontier, he doesn't want a more unified Europe. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? "I would suggest he calculated the west would be so disunited, that there would be difficulties with the United States on one hand and Europe on the other, and that this would be a [ride] to go into Ukraine and put a puppet government in there." Meyer said he believes Putin has been left "shocked" by the global reaction to the conflict as it was the "exact opposite" of what he wanted. He added: "If you are looking to see whether someone is going to remove Putin it would have to be from within Russia itself." The former ambassador explained this could be achieved by an ex-KBG agent.  "The other thing which could happen is a growing groundswell of dissatisfaction with the regime and we may be starting to see that in the demonstrations in a number of Russian cities," he exclaimed. The expert also said dissatisfaction may increase if people start to panic about their finances. Western countries have introduced a host of economic sanctions to punish Putin for his invasion of Ukraine. Many of these measures have targeted Russia's financial sector and its major banks, cutting them off from capital markets in the West.  DON'T MISS...Russia finally kicked out of the World Cup [LATEST]Russia-Ukraine war made two colours unite in the world  [MUST SEE]Brexit Britain has 'no gas supply issues' as industry a 'major succes' [UPDATE] Meyer added: "I think this is a very dangerous moment for Putin and because I think he is quite irrational at the moment, an irrational man under pressure with nuclear weapons is not a happy sight to see." Ukraine's president Volodymyr Zelensky said, on Tuesday, Russia had launched a total of 56 rocket strikes and fired 113 cruise missiles since it declared war. At least 352 Ukrainian civilians have been killed so far and more than 1,600 have been injured. However, Moscow has not taken hold of Ukraine as its capital city Kyiv continues to fight back.  Taras Kuzio, the author of Putin's War Against Ukraine, also spoke out on Tuesday's GB News about the crisis. He said: "The popularity of him and his rule has already been in decline and I suspect this will increase that. "I don't think this is a popular war and I think the sanctions will also lead to a speeding up of the decline of Russia as a great power." The Great British Breakfast airs on GB News from 6am. 