Some may know just how important it is to warm up your muscles before doing a workout, but to others it's an overlooked strategy. When heading to the gym, the treadmill may be the first cardio machine people make a beeline for before or after their workouts, but in the case of strength training, experts have warned it might not actually be very suitable. Studies have suggested that in some cases, a jog on the treadmill before a resistance training session could be setting a person up for an injury. This is regardless of their lifting experience. A group of volunteers were split into two groups, with the group that undertook a resistance warm-up performing better than those who warmed-up on the treadmill. Fitness experts advise that for an effective warm-up routine before strength training, people should include bodyweight and resistance band exercises which will not only prepare the body, but the mind too. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop To get the most out of your strength training session and truly make it an effective use of time, it’s important to follow a solid dynamic warm-up protocol to prepare your body for work. This can be done in an efficient five to seven minute routine, so won't eat too much into your training time. Personal Trainer Ryan Brown, noted that by skipping your strength training warm-up, you are limiting the effectiveness of the workout and potentially setting yourself up for injury. "Warming up on the treadmill loosens your muscles but there are significant benefits of doing resistance warm-ups when you're about to do a strength training session," he explained. DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] "We want to increase the mobility of the joints to allow a greater range of motion in the strength moves. "This then works the joints and muscles through their max range." Ryan added this will help a person achieve a "higher quality" and a "more productive" workout. Warming up can prevent any muscle strains or sprains that can put us out of action for weeks. "A good warm-up will ensure you have more pliability within the muscles as they lengthen and shorten many times throughout movement," Ryan said. "You can predispose your muscles to the possibility of tears or even muscle/tendon rupture without going through a proper dynamic warm-up." Good examples of resistance warm-ups are: Standing knee to chest Quad stretch Lunge with overhead reach and rotation Wide stance shift Arm flys High knees, butt kicks, jumping jacks These simple exercises before a workout can lead to better performance, lower risk of injury, improved flexibility and will activate under-utilised muscles.