 The French election takes place next month amid the ongoing crisis of the Russian invasion in Ukraine, though President Macron is yet to announce his candidacy.In an address to the French people on Wednesday evening, Macron singled out Putin as the source of the war in Ukraine and accused the Kremlin of spreading lies about the conflict.   The French President said: “It is alone, betraying his international commitments one by one, that President Putin chose war.” He added: “This war is not a conflict between the West and Russia, as some would like us to believe. “There is no NATO base in Ukraine. These are lies. Russia is not aggressed; it is the aggressor. This war is not a fight against Nazism…it’s a lie.” President Putin has repeatedly denied provoking war in Ukraine and instead says Russia is conducting a “special military operation” to disarm Ukraine and has said they aim to capture “neo-Nazis” that run the country, according to Putin.   Emmanuel Macron tweeted in Ukrainian: “I applaud the courage of the Ukrainian people who are resisting under fire. “On behalf of the French, I address to President Zelensky the fraternal support of France. He is now the face of honour, freedom and courage.” He followed this tweet with one written in Russian stating: “Today we stand side by side with all Russians who do not want this unworthy war to be waged on their behalf, courageously defend peace in the spirit of responsibility and declare this both in Russia and abroad.” One Twitter user, @m_catherine_78, criticised the French President accusing him of “using Ukraine as an electoral trap” READ MORE:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update  They said: “Either the candidates align themselves with him and lose the legitimacy of their candidacy, or they oppose too strongly and are accused of not being credible. The user added: “Eric Zemmour was able to find a position of equilibrium.” Eric Zemmour, a far-right candidate for the upcoming election in April, has previously stated “the decisions of the French President must be taken solely according to the interests of his people and with the greatest respect for the independence of his country.” Zemmour criticised the French government and his opponents, saying: “Unlike many of those who are ready to sell off the identity and independence of France, I am a French patriot. “We must be firm with Moscow and seek a solution for peace.” DON'T MISS:Russian state-run poll claims trust in Putin has gone up (POLL)China joins the world in turning its back on Russia (INSIGHT)Canary Island restrictions to be scrapped ‘before long’ (REVEAL)  In President Macron’s address he said that as France was “faced with the economic and social consequences of a war on our continent, I have and will have only one compass: to protect you. “Our Europe must invest more to depend less on other continents and be able to decide for itself. “It must become a power. Economic power. Energy power. Power of peace.” Despite singling out the Russian President in his address, the French President declared that he would keep contact with Putin and continue to encourage a ceasefire. Recent polls suggest that the conflict in Ukraine is gaining Macron support. A poll conducted by Ifop placed the President at 28 percent of the vote which is around 10 percentage points about Maine Le Pen, currently polling in second. 