The Queen was most recently struck down by Coronavirus last month but speculation has been rife about her health since a visit to the hospital last November. Her Majesty has since admitted struggling with her movements and has repeatedly been pictured carrying a cane to help her walk around. The 95-year-old Queen had vowed to continue with her engagements prior to contracting Covid but the ongoing struggles meant she was no longer able to attend certain events. Speaking to Royally US, Royal author Robert Jobson discussed how Her Majesty is the “oldest and longest-reigning monarch of all time” so this has never been a position imposed on the institution before. He said: “She is ably supported by other members of the Royal family, but notably by the Prince of Wales." Host Christina Garibaldi remarked on how the Palace is “not usually forthcoming about the Queen’s health”. Mr Jobson stated that the Queen “would not want to appear in a wheelchair”, although has been seen out on recent duties with a cane to give her “extra support”. READ MORE: 'Jamaica will remove Queen once Cambridges gone' Dr Shola's incredible attack on royals Referring to the monarch having to take a step back from some of the events, Mr Jobson said: “At 96, there will be cases where she is hoping to be at events but she can’t be at them - even if she really wants to be at them”. He added: “She is mentally agile, mentally fit but sometimes physically can’t do the things she wants to do”. The Queen was spotted walking with the support of a cane back in October. In October 2021, she attended a Service of Thanksgiving alongside her daughter Anne, with the Palace saying the additional help was "for comfort". READ MORE: Prince William pens heartwarming letter to Belize as visit ends 'You did get us dancing!' She used one in 2003 whilst recovering from knee surgery. One notable event missed by the Queen was the annual Commonwealth Service Day earlier this month. She had only skipped this event once due to the coronavirus pandemic in 2021. The Queen had asked her son, Prince Charles to step in to represent her. DON'T MISS Prince Charles was given marriage 'ultimatum' by father Prince PhilipKate Middleton stuns fans with return of classic hairstyle - 'Goddess walking amongst us'Royal Family LIVE: Harry warned of throwing away his 'last chances' with major decision Aside from the Prince of Wales, the event was attended by a few other royal members, such as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. This was to be the first major public engagement event following her positive Covid diagnosis in February. Due to the rise in Covid cases, she had previously opted out of attending the traditional family Christmas festivities at Sandringham. The royals are keen to continue business as usual with Duke and Duchess of Cambridge currently on their royal tour in the Caribbean and Prince Charles and Camilla due to visit Ireland this month. 