Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh died in April 2021 at the age of 99, just two months shy of what would have been his 100th birthday. As the Queen's devoted consort of more than seven decades, Prince Philip's absence has been sorely felt by both the monarch and the rest of the Royal Family. His dedication to his royal role was steadfast throughout the Queen's reign, and the Duke's incredible life will be honoured this week with a touching memorial service at Westminster Abbey. Prince Philip's memorial service will take place at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday, March 29. The Abbey was the backdrop of the Queen and Prince Philip's wedding in 1947, as well as the Queen's coronation in 1953. The Service of Thanksgiving was announced late last year, with a statement from Buckingham Palace reading: "The Queen has agreed that a Service of Thanksgiving for the life of His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh will take place in the spring of 2022 at Westminster Abbey.” Prince Philip's memorial service will be televised live on BBC One from 10.30am until 12.15pm on Tuesday. The broadcast will be led by BBC news anchor Huw Edwards, who also covered Prince Philip's funeral broadcast last year. The broadcast can be watched on TV, or via BBC iPlayer for people who wish to view it live on their mobile devices or laptops. Anyone who misses the broadcast live will be able to catch up on BBC iPlayer shortly after it has aired. READ MORE: Harry and William's feud 'will not heal' as Duke warned on Kate Prince Philip's memorial service is expected to include several tributes to the late Duke's extensive charitable work. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said: "The service will give thanks for The Duke of Edinburgh's dedication to family, nation and Commonwealth and recognise the importance of his legacy in creating opportunities for young people, promoting environmental stewardship and conservation, and supporting the armed forces. "The service will in particular pay tribute to The Duke of Edinburgh's contribution to public life and steadfast support for the over 700 charitable organisations with which His Royal Highness was associated throughout his life." DON'T MISSUS TV host savages Kate and William 'Not like Meghan and Harry' [VIDEO]Body language signs Princess Eugenie is not ‘Team Cambridge’ [EXCLUSIVE]Kate carries 'compulsory' outfit for Caribbean tour after 'tragedy' [INSIGHT] Several members of the Royal Family will be in attendance for the event, but with the Queen's reduced public appearances in recent months, it is not clear yet whether the Queen will attend. All of the late Duke's children, Prince Charles, Princess Anne, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, are expected to attend the memorial service. Members of royal families across Europe will also be jetting in for the event, and the Duke's extended family and friends have been invited. Other guests will include representatives from the UK Government, the Armed Forces and the devolved administrations, realm High Commissioners, and representatives of overseas territories. Members of the Queen and the late Duke's household, representatives from the Duke's regimental affiliations in the UK and the Commonwealth, as well as the clergy and other faiths, are also on the guest list for the event.