Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic has admitted the current atmosphere at the club 'isn't fantastic' as they face a battle to gain little consolation from a disastrous season. United haven't played since Atletico Madrid beat them to progress in the Champions League at Old Trafford two weeks ago, but are entering a critical Premier League run-in. It has been a campaign to forget for United, from home humiliations against Liverpool and Manchester City to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's sacking that followed and their early European exit. And the Red Devils could suffer further pain if they fail to qualify for next term's Champions League via a top-four finish. Ralf Rangnick's side are currently outsiders for fourth, in sixth behind Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur, and are staring in the face of a Europa League return. And Matic has revealed the atmosphere in the dressing room depends on their performances, so the squad are facing a fight to remain positive given their recent woes. He told talkSPORT: "The atmosphere? It depends on results. Of course, when you have good results, the atmosphere is much better, and everyone is happy. As you know, we are not in the best position in the league, and the atmosphere is not fantastic, but we have to stay positive and believe until the end because we want to finish in the top four. JUST IN: Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger's agent filmed in Barcelona for meeting "The atmosphere in our dressing room will depend on that. If we finish top-four, then it will be good for us, everyone will be... I cannot say happy, but satisfied. If we don't make that, it will be a very sad dressing room. When you play for a big club [like Manchester United] the pressure and expectation are high. We have to deal with that, of course." With nine games left of the season, United are now in the final straight and will have to treat every outing as if it's a cup final if they're going to snatch a spot in the top-four. Matic is confident Rangnick's side can make the cut but admits they will have to garner three points from most of their remaining fixtures. READ MORE: Gabby Agbonlahor rubbishes Tottenham's top four bid "In our dressing room we have so many good players with a good character and we have to accept that and we have to know the pressure is normal," Matic explained. "We need to finish in the top-four, that's our aim and we will do everything for that. I think we can make it. We will need to win almost every game until the end of the season. I think that's possible and we will do everything for that." United return to action on Saturday, as Leicester City visit Old Trafford looking to pile on the recent misery in M16. Throughout the run-in, they still face trips to Arsenal and Liverpool and host Chelsea in what could ultimately be a case of too little, too late. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.