If you've already solved the daily Wordle puzzle for the day, then maybe you're ready for Quordle. The Wordle spinoff tasks players with figuring out four words in just nine attempts. It's really tricky, but also incredibly satisfying if you are able to solve the daily puzzle. Miss out, and you'll have to wait until the next day to play again. If you're struggling with today's Quordle for March 25, head to the bottom of the page for a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues. The aim of Quordle is to guess four different words in nine attempts. Similar to Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles in order to solve the puzzle. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on all four words while you're guessing, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters are more likely to appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then try a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter S 2. The first word contains just one vowel. 3. The first word stinks. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter P. 2. The second word contains two different vowels. 3. The second word means "to suggest something as a basic fact or principle from which a further idea is formed or developed". Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter B. 2. The third word contains just one vowel. 3. Can't figure out the answer? Maybe you should sit on one of these. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter C. 2. The fourth word contains just one vowel. 3. This word is so easy, even a youngster could solve it.