It apologised unreservedly for the harm caused to the reputation of the former Royal Navy commander. It agreed to pay him a sum thought to be around £100,000 after it emerged that to persuade Diana to give an infamous 1995 interview to Panorama, Bashir presented her with forged documents. They falsely showed her private secretary was being paid by the security services to spy on her. The corporation agreed on a payoff after Lord Dyson, a former master of the rolls and head of civil justice, was appointed to look into the explosive 1995 interview, which featured Diana saying: "Well, there were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded." The investigation was launched after Diana's brother Earl Spencer alleged Bashir showed him fake financial documents suggesting his sister's former private secretary and another former senior member of the Royal Household were being paid for keeping the Princess under surveillance.    Earl Spencer also claimed that Bashir told outlandish and untrue stories about the Royal Family to gain access to Diana. In a statement, the corporation said: "The BBC accepts and acknowledges that serious harm was caused to Commander Jephson as a result of the circumstances in which the 1995 interview with Diana, Princess of Wales was obtained, which have become apparent as a result of the Dyson Report. "The BBC apologises unreservedly to Commander Jephson for the harm caused to him and has paid his legal costs. The BBC has also paid Commander Jephson a substantial sum in damages." Neither side would give the exact figures but one source claimed it was £100,000. Mr Jephson said he would be donating the money to a children's hospice for which he helped arrange Diana's patronage in 1995 - the year of the Bashir interview. Mr Jephson said: "After more than 25 years, it is a relief to finally reach a conclusion to this painful episode. "I am grateful to Lord Dyson and the journalists whose tenacity has brought the truth to light and I now look forward to donating the damages I have been awarded to Ty Hafan, the hospice for children in Wales, in memory of the late Diana, Princess of Wales."  The Dyson Inquiry found the BBC covered up "deceitful behaviour" used by Bashir to secure his interview and "fell short of high standards of integrity and transparency". Earl Spencer tweeted: "The right result - appalling what Patrick Jephson had to go through as a result of grotesque 'journalism'. Also terrible it was covered up for so long by senior people at the BBC – there will be more to come out on all this, before long." The 1995 interview was watched by 23 million people in the UK and won Bashir a Bafta in 1996. Cambridge-educated Mr Jephson is now a historical consultant to the award-winning Netflix series The Crown.