The temperature in Italy’s capital is expected to hover around 15C, but a 700-mile African heat burst is heading for the UK and is thought to raise temperatures to a pleasant 18C. Met Office forecaster John Hammond revealed spring weather is on the way.  “Spring will be in the air, with a gentle breeze from the warming continent and temperatures rising through the teens.” Wednesday is expected to be the warmest day of the year so far and warmer for March on average as usual temperatures for March sit around 11C. Before we get to the mini heatwave on Wednesday, the weather today and tomorrow will be dry to make way for the sunshine on Wednesday following into Thursday. Mr Hammond added: “Wet weather will give way to sunshine, with a drier and warmer trend through mid-March.”   The weather tomorrow will give a hint of what to expect as spring nudges ever closer with temperatures similar to Rome, of 15C before the temperature spike on Wednesday. From Thursday, temperatures will drop slightly but remain in the teens for St Patrick’s day and into the weekend. The sunniest areas are expected to be in the South and East of the UK with some low clouds expected along the eastern coastlines. A forecaster for the Met Office added that Thursday “to late March has temperatures mild to very mild for most, with dry conditions, although it may be chilly should winds tap into colder air across Eastern Europe”. READ MORE:Warning Putin will invade EU cities if Ukraine falls Forecasters are predicting that 2022 will be one of the hottest years on record as Britain braces itself for temperatures to soar to highs in April not seen since 1850. Climate change is thought to be the reason why such high temperatures are now going to be seen so early in the year, with the prospect of unseasonably high national average temperatures for the spring months. Jim Dale, weather forecaster and founder of British Weather Services, stated that the UK could experience temperatures reaching 28C “fairly early” this year. Mr Dale added that the highest temperatures are expected to be seen in mid April, which differs from the current predictions of the Met Office who forecast mild or very mild weather and colder conditions going forward. DON'T MISS:Kirstie Allsopp on hold for two hours as critic mocks 'class issue' (REACTION)Solar storm warning: Earth faces 'triple threat' from space as 'dir... (INSIGHT)Rare penny valued at £200k sold to the public (ANALYSIS)  The Met Office predicts cold and wet weather for the end of March and beginning of April as high pressure retreats to eastward. According to the Met Office long view forecast: “Bands of rain are highly likely to be interspersed with brighter and showery conditions. “It is expected to remain mild or very mild, although short periods of colder conditions are possible.” But as we enter further into April, forecasters agree that we will be looking at a sizzling Easter weekend. 