Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall and Andrew Parker Bowles lived at Bolehyde Manor in Wiltshire from 1973 to 1986. Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall currently live in Clarence House and also have a country residence in Gloucestershire called Highgrove House. But Camilla previously lived in a manor house out in Wiltshire during the course of her first marriage.  The couple lived in the impressive property from 1973 until 1986, with the marriage ending in divorce in 1995. There are multiple royal connections to the property because 25 years after Camilla moved out of Bolehyde Manor, it reportedly caught the attention of the Duchess of Cambridge's parents Carole and Michael Middleton. The couple were interested in the Grade II listed manor house in 2011, shortly before Kate married Prince William. In 1986, the manor house was sold to the Earl and Countess of Cairns, Simon Cairns and his wife Amanda.  READ MORE: Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation Although it was also shown to Carole and Michael Middleton in 2011 when they were in the market for a new home, they chose to settle instead for their £4.7million home in Berkshire, Bucklebury Manor. The Duchess of Cornwall's former home, which is also where Prince Charles reportedly courted Diana, was later sold in December 2020 for £3.75million. However, Andrew Parker Bowles bought Bolehyde Manor back in 1973 for just £600,000. It features eight bedrooms and is set across 70 acres, with a swimming pool, tennis court, several other buildings and land for farming and gardening.   Therefore, it is unsurprising its value has skyrocketed in recent decades. The property is also situated just 15 miles from Prince Charles's home Highgrove House in Tetbury, Gloucestershire, so Charles and Camilla could see each other often. According to the Savills listing, the house "dates back approximately 700 years." They continued, saying it is "steeped in character from the heavy oak front door to the mullion windows and time-smoothed flagstone floors in the principal reception rooms".  Both of the living rooms feature huge log fireplaces at either end, so they were probably once a conjoined space to make a larger room for entertaining guests. Elsewhere in the home, Camilla and Andrew each had their own office, providing areas of privacy. One of the eight bedrooms features traditional wood furniture throughout, creating a rather rustic atmosphere which you would expect in a manor house. Even before Camilla was a member of the Royal Family, the gardens at Bolehyde Manor created a majestic feeling. The Savills listing reads: "The captivating gardens at Bolehyde are a carefully restored and wonderfully maintained extension of the main house.  "With immaculate topiary hedging and attractive stone walling defining individual pockets of character like rooms of varying moods.” Camilla and Andrew married in 1973 at the Guards Chapel, Wellington Barracks in London, with Princess Anne, Princess Margaret and the Queen Mother all in attendance. They met in the late 1960s when Andrew's brother Simon was working for Camilla's father at his wine firm in Mayfair. The couple went on to have two children together, Tom and Laura. They divorced in 1995 after being separated for several years beforehand. Camilla and Charles were married in 2005 at the town hall of Windsor Guildhall. 