Promoter Ben Shalom has confirmed that Amir Khan is planning to fight on despite being pulverised and brutally stopped inside six rounds by Kell Brook. The 35-year-old Olympic silver medalist has the right to exercise a rematch with his rival due to a clause written into the initial fight contract. Khan, who suffered substantial and visible damage to his face during the fight, is now seemingly prepared to fight on - despite previously strongly hinting at retirement. Eddie Hearn revealed over the weekend that Khan's camp had reached out to him asking for step-aside money so that the Matchroom chief can make Conor Benn versus Brook happen next. However, Hearn made it clear he has no intention of handing Khan another payday. Since then, Shalom - who finally made the grudge match on Sky Sports Boxing Office - has moved to provide some clarity on the situation and he believes Khan is indeed swaying towards climbing back through the ropes. "I think the word on the street is true, he doesn't want to call it a day," Shalom told Sky Sports. "He has spent a lot of time thinking about the fight, he feels like he has 10 weeks to prepare and Kell Brook had six months to prepare. "He feels hard done by, I don't know whether that fight is even possible but he does have that rematch clause. "For me, with Kell Brook, it's time to move on or whether it's to fight one of the other names mentioned, I can't see it. "We'll hear what his reasons are in the next few days and we'll take it from there." Shalom has hinted he will advise Khan to hang up his gloves, although any final decision will rest with the fighter. "I would say you had a wonderful career," he added. "You've inspired many boxers here today and you've created a legacy for yourself. "You'll go down as a Hall of Famer, why do you need to carry on? "He's a fighter, who knows better than me what his preparation was and what went on in that ring, so who am I to say what he should do. "But whatever he does, he's had a great career but for me this is probably the time to hang up the gloves." Speaking after the devastating defeat at the AO Arena, Khan shed light on his mindset behind walking away from the sport he loves so dearly. “It’s something to think about, definitely,” Khan said. “I’ve always said I never want boxing to retire me, I want to retire from boxing. “Punishment like that sometimes in boxing, I know I showed a big heart and took some big shots today, but sometimes too much of that can be harmful in the future. “I’ve done more than I ever expected. Maybe I peaked too early, I was at the Olympics at 17, I won the world title at 22. I’m 35 now, I’ve been in the game a very long time, I’m an old man. I want to spend time with my kids and my family.” Khan was handed a three-week deadline to make a decision on his rematch clause.