The news comes as multiple volunteers have headed to Ukraine to fight against the Russian invasion of the country. With the war now entering its fourth week, Kyiv has called for international support in the forms of weapons, personnel and the introduction of a no-fly-zone above Ukraine.  The young soldier contacted his superior officers while in Ukraine where he had volunteered to lend his skills in fighting Russian advances. The soldier was a member of the Coldstream Guards and was part of the team protecting Her Majesty at Windsor Castle. The 19-year-old could now face a prison sentence for desertion after going against Ministry of Defence orders. According to the Sun on Sunday, Mod bosses are understood to be “hugely relieved” the solider saw sense and had returned to the UK. The missing guardsman flew back to London Stansted Airport from Poland.  It is believed he travelled to Ukraine via Krakow, Poland, after going absent, before crossing the border and travelling to the HQ of the International Brigade in Yavoriv, western Ukraine, close to Lviv. Reports from sources have said he was “bored” within the ceremonial role of his regiment. According to The Sun, three current members of the UK armed forces are still absent without leave. Armed Forces chief, Admiral Sir Tony Radakin, has previously made it clear it is "unlawful" for service personnel to join the fight against Russia. A source said: “He was in touch with his chain of command, who told him he had to return. “He knew he would be in trouble but was also told in no uncertain terms it would be worse the longer he stayed out there.”  READ MORE:Ukraine border guard shames Belarus Ambassador with '30 silver pieces' The Ministry of Defence has previously issued advice surrounding British volunteers and soldiers wishing to travel to Ukraine. A spokesperson for the Ministry of Defence said: "All Service Personnel are prohibited from travelling to Ukraine until further notice. This applies whether the Service Person is on leave or not. Personnel travelling to Ukraine will face disciplinary and administrative consequences. "We advise against all travel to Ukraine. Travelling to fight, or to assist others engaged in the conflict, maybe against the law and could lead to prosecution. "We fully understand the strength of feeling for UK citizens and others living in the UK wanting to support the Ukrainians following the Russian invasion – because this is about freedom and democracy in Europe." DON'T MISS:Locals nervous after 'big cat' sighting leaves dog 'petrified’ [REPORT]EU blasted as row erupts over hated Brexit deal [INSIGHT]Inquiry urges change on e-scooters after 15 killed [REVEAL]  The statement ended:  "With our allies, we are providing a range of support to Ukraine, including to enhance Ukraine’s defence capability, but this support is fundamentally defensive in nature. Neither NATO nor Ukraine poses any aggressive threat to Russia. “There are many ways you can support the Ukrainian people at this time, including through charitable donations. "The UK has incredibly limited consular support in Ukraine, and is unlikely to be able to offer assistance to anyone in the country." Troops deciding to go AWOL can face a dishonourable discharge from service, see their rank reduced and even face a term in military prison. 