Political pundit Benedict Spence has warned that the Ukraine-Russia conflict is "existential" for Vladimir Putin. The seventh day of the invasion has seen continued bloody fighting between Russian troops and Ukrainian defenders amid airstrikes on a number of cities. Mr Spence told LBC: "Now from what I see the economic sanctions, the physical sanctions that have been placed, you know, the pressure that's being exerted on the Russian people, the Russian economy, and the fact that we are supplying weapons in whatever quantities that we can, that I think right now is possibly the best situation. "Given as you say that there is no unity there's no consensus, actually, that the Russian military is operating as it should be. It's not doing as badly as being made out but it's not certainly as slick an operation, as Putin would hope it would be. "You are hoping that there will be dissent in the ranks and enough pressure can be brought to bear on the regime that he is, if you like, sort of ushered out of the door.  He continued: "But I'm afraid that is also a very dangerous situation because Vladimir Putin, we talked about this conflict being existential for Ukraine, which it is, it's also existential for Vladimir Putin. "Anything less than success is humiliation and that doesn't mean he goes and he lives in his dacha in political failure, doesn't mean he gets to go into exile anyway, it means he dies. "Let's be very clear about this. "So he is going to be very motivated to cling on for as long as he can and this is when we talk about Russia being needing to be defeated. Mr Spence added: "There are incredibly nasty scenarios where Russia loses and actually there ends up being a sort of an internal power struggle in Russia with as we've established not very nice elements, political elements in Russia, a lot of you know, very disillusioned soldiers, a lot of very disillusioned people and an awful lot of a lot of weapons sloshing around in that country. "It is not simply a case of if you get rid of them, it'll all be fine." Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has warned that Russia would use indiscriminate carpet bombing tactics against Ukrainian cities. He told Sky News that Russian advances were being hampered by resistance they had seen "footage of Ukrainians using UAVs to attack petrol train convoys, to go after logistical lines, we have seen railway lines blown up" but there had also been a switch in Moscow's tactics as a result. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] "What you are seeing now is those heavy bombardments at night, they won't come into the cities as much, they will - I'm afraid, as we have seen tragically by the looks of things - carpet-bomb cities, indiscriminately in some cases. "They will fly their air at night rather daytime because what we have seen is they get shot down in the daytime and they will slowly but surely try and surround the cities and then either bypass them or bombard them. That is the brutality I'm afraid we are witnessing and it's going to get worse." Defence Secretary Ben Wallace again rejected calls for RAF jets to enforce a no-fly zone, warning it would trigger a Europe-wide conflict and could also hamper the Ukrainian forces' ability to counter Russia's military. He told Sky News: "If you have a no-fly zone you have to enforce a no-fly zone. That would involve British fighter jets shooting down Russian fighter jets, probably over Ukraine, that would lead to Article Five triggering of Nato and Nato is a self-defence pact, all 30 countries will come to each other's aid, the triggering of that Article Five would lead to a war against Russia across the whole of Europe."