The scathing Op-Ed by Camilla Tominey unveils the areas where the EU has particularly failed in taking up the lead against Russia as the Kremlin continues to attack Ukraine. Ms Tominey took a dig at the European Union while praising UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson for leading the crisis from the front.  She wrote for the Telegraph: “And if you are really so bitter and full of self-loathing that you can’t bring yourself to admit that Britain has lead on Russia – can you not accept that Boris Johnson’s clearly close relationship with President Zelensky is precisely why the likes of Ukraine, Poland and the Baltics now look to our Prime Minister for leadership? “On Wednesday night, Johnson and Zelensky spoke in what one Downing Street insider described as a ‘very emotional’ telephone conversation which left some of those listening in with tears in their eyes. “The Prime Minister apparently ends all calls to his Ukrainian counterpart – already the subject of numerous assassination attempts – with the words: ‘Stay safe, I’m sure this will not be the last time that we speak.’ “As evidenced by the warmth with which Zelensky referenced ‘Boris’ in his historic Commons address, they appear to have forged a better bond than most.  “That counts for a great deal in a horrific situation like this, regardless of what the detractors might have you believe.” On Wednesday, Brussels’ Helle Thorning-Schmidt, decried the UK’s response to the crisis. The former Prime Minister of Denmark smugly told Question Time: “You said something that almost made me chuckle before, when you said that ‘Putin will think that the UK’s leading the efforts against Russia right now’. Of course it’s not. “The European Union is leading the effort against Russia so I don’t think they’ll see Boris Johnson as a particular leader in this field.”  READ MORE: Britons demand we accept Ukraine refugees - should they house them? Earlier this week, the Danish government was accused of hypocrisy for welcoming Ukrainian refugees with open arms, while simultaneously urging Syrian refugees to return to Damascus and the surrounding countryside, despite the ongoing civil war and President Bashar al-Assad’s brutal regime being propped up by Russian jets. Ms Tominey continued: “There is no doubt that the Home Office has spectacularly bungled the Ukrainian visa scheme, but it is complete nonsense to suggest that Britain hasn’t led the efforts on Russia, having pushed forward plans to ban its access to the Swift banking system while Brussels dithered and delayed, as well as sanctioning more Russian assets than the US and EU combined. “While we were training 22,000 Ukrainian troops, providing 2,000 anti-tank missiles, and ordering warships to the Black Sea, the Germans were prevaricating over whether to send 5,000 helmets to the Ukrainian army. “We closed sterling clearing to Russia while Brussels was still permitting Russia to access euro clearing.”  DON'T MISS:Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin's war escalates - Belarus 'to join TONIGHT'Charles will be ‘more fulfilled King’ with future Queen Camilla Nicola Sturgeon lambasted over Ukraine no-fly zone comment She continued to lambast the bloc saying: “The truth is the EU has been at best an irrelevance during this catastrophe. “It has been excruciatingly slow to react (in part, because so many of its members are compromised by their links to Moscow). “Even in the face of crippling energy bills, it has been sloth-like in its response to its own short-sighted and naive euro-bombing of the Kremlin, fuelling a cost-of-living crisis across Europe akin to the global financial crash. “While the UK has pledged to phase out its reliance on Russian oil, which accounts for just 4 percent of our supplies, by the end of the year, how has the EU proposed to reduce its 40 per cent dependency? “It has advised anyone wanting to heat their home without needing to remortgage it to turn down their thermostats by one degree celsius. “This isn’t leadership – it’s laughable. “So, no, this crisis hasn’t shown how great the EU is, as some deluded Remainers have alleged. “On the contrary, it has shown the extraordinary power and value of nation states, like Britain, like Poland and like Ukraine.” 