President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that Russia's military operations in Ukraine were going according to plan and praised its soldiers as heroes. In televised comments, Putin made a series of allegations against Ukrainian forces for which he did not provide evidence, including that they were holding foreign citizens hostage and using human shields. But Sky News Defence expert Deborah Haynes highlighted the significant failures of Russia so far. Ms Haynes said: "He gave this update and made out that everything is going to plan when actually on the ground the opposite is true. "This is supposed to be a lightning encirclement of Kyiv, a toppling of the regime and an installment of a pro-Moscow regime and yet where are we? "Eight days in and the only city that seems ot have potentially fallen to the Russians is Kherson in the south and even there, there's still fighting going on and an Armed Forces representative on the Ukrainian side contested the idea that the city has fallen to the Russians. "The idea that the city has fallen to the Russians. READ MORE: Russian soldiers head home on foot en masse "So the idea that President Putin is putting across that it's all going really well doesn't match with reality." Putin made a series of allegations against Ukrainian forces for which he did not provide evidence, including that they had tortured and killed Russian prisoners of war, and were holding foreign citizens hostage and using human shields. He reaffirmed his stated rationale for the war, which Ukraine and the West have rejected as baseless propaganda. "Now on Ukrainian territory, our soldiers and officers are fighting for Russia, for a peaceful life for the citizens of Donbas, for the denazification and demilitarization of Ukraine, so that we can't be threatened by an anti-Russia right on our borders that the West has been creating for years," he said. It comes as Justice Secretary Dominic Raab discussed the potential prosecution of Putin for war crimes He said: "He needs to know, and we need to send the message out to his commanders who could be faced with illegal orders to commit war crimes, that they will face, potentially, the dock of a court in The Hague, and prison. "That's the deterrent message we want to send out. Just last year we had Karadzic come and spend time in a British cell. "We're not going to take all of their criminals obviously, we've got a job to do here to house all the prisoners we're sentencing, but I think the UK has a role to play. DON'T MISS Nuclear war fears as Putin's 'doomsday plane' scrambled above Moscow [INSIGHT]Russian vodka boycott as UK supermarket takes it down of the shelves [ANALYSIS]US intelligence pinpoints Putin's fury - who are Putin's inner circle? [VIDEO] "We're sending the message out now that we will not just turn the other way, and however long it takes, if you commit a war crime on Ukrainian soil, expect to be held to account." Investigators from the International Criminal Court set off for "the Ukraine region" on Thursday to start looking into possible war crimes, the tribunal's top prosecutor said in an interview. Karim Khan told Reuters his office would see if there was evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity and acts of genocide - the offences under the court's jurisdiction - by all parties in the conflict. Asked about reports of artillery strikes in Ukraine's towns and cities, Khan said: "Any side that targets, directly targets, civilians or civilian objects is committing a crime under the Rome Statute and under international humanitarian law," referring to the statue that created the court.