The USA’s ‘Doomsday’ plane was spotted flying over Britain last night. The Boeing 747 flew over the English Channel after taking off in Washington, USA. Chilling threats from the Kremlin over nuclear war have caused the US to ramp up its preparations should the worst unfold. The aircraft, which was designed in the Cold War, is also known as the "Flying Pentagon". It has been reported that at least one E4-B is kept on 24/7 standby. The plane that flew over Britain is believed to be 'Nightwatch'. READ MORE: Doomsday plane flies over English Channel Created during the Cold War, the Doomsday plane is a flying command centre for US forces. In the event of a nuclear showdown, the President in command at the time would board the aircraft with his most senior military advisors. It can hold a crew of 112 people and can fly for 12 hours without landing.  The aircraft also had aerial refueling capabilities, meaning it can stay in the air for days. The exterior is hardened to withstand nuclear attacks and fallout - there is thermal and nuclear shielding in the event of a blast. The bubble on the top is called a “ray dome” or “radome” and contains dozens of satellite dishes and antennae which can communicate with any US ship, submarine or aircraft anywhere in the world. It is also equipped with antiquated analog equipment, rather than modern digital equipment, to allow the plane to continue operating even when exposed to the electromagnetic pulse from a nuclear blast. DON'T MISS'New cold war' Top general pinpoints major change needed [INSIGHT]WW3 'realistic': Global conflict fears erupt as Putin's attack spirals [REPORT]Truss tightens shackles on Putin's war machine - new retaliation [INSIGHT] The plane can hold 112 people in total, and has 18 bunks with six bathrooms. Inside it also has a briefing room, conference room, work areas and executive quarters. However, much else about the aircraft is unknown and remains classified. After taking off from Washington as apart of the convoy, the aircraft passed over the Atlantic and English Channel before circling an area just north of Cambridge, according to the flight tracking app, Flight Radar 24. Joe Biden has travelled to Brussels for a NATO summit - but not onboard the Nightwatch - as the threat of nuclear war draws closer. This week, political scientist Sergei Mikheyev said, referring to a nuclear strike on Poland's capital: "Brave Poles, there will be nothing left from your Warsaw in 30 seconds." On Thursday, NATO's Jens Stoltenberg said: "Russia must stop its nuclear saber-rattling. "This is dangerous and it is irresponsible. NATO is there to protect and defend all allies and we convey a very clear message to Russia that a nuclear war cannot be won and should never be fought."