From April 6, 2022, National Insurance (NI) costs will increase for millions of workers. However, savers can use their pension to counter the impact of the rise to National Insurance, according to digital pensions provider Penfold. An employee who earns £30,000 a year and contributes £100 a month into their workplace pension via Salary Sacrifice could save £158 over a year in National Insurance, with their monthly bill dropping from £225.58 to £212.39 each month. The Government has confirmed savers will see up to a 10.4 percent rise in their National Insurance bill. For most people, this will mean contributions rise from 12 percent to 13.25 percent - a 1.25 percentage point hike in contributions, equivalent to a 10.4 percent increase. Under the new rules, employed savers could pay up to £4,189 a month, and 3.25 percent of their earnings above that. READ MORE: ‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 Therefore, someone earning £30,000 would owe £2,707 over the year - £255 more than before this increase. Salary sacrifice allows savers to pay a small part of their earnings as a pension contribution before tax is deducted. This means the salary the Government uses to calculate how much tax a person pays is smaller, meaning the individual could pay less tax. Someone earning £25,000 a year could save £165.62 on their NI bill by utilising salary sacrifice, according to Penfold’s calculations. DON'T MISSPayment warning: Shoppers may have their credit and debit cards declined from Monday [WARNING]Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [ALERT]TV Licence: Britons could be eligible for £159 refund from bill [INSIGHT] For a worker earning £50,000 a year, this rises to a saving of £331.25. Those with yearly earnings of £75,000 could knock £121.87 off their bill. People who earn £100,000 a year could save £162.50. Pete Hykin, Co-founder of Penfold, commented on the impact salary sacrifice could have on someone’s NI bill. He said: “Savers are already being hit with high inflation and rising energy bills and this NI tax hike acts as another blow in the cost-of-living squeeze, with those on lower wages likely to be severely impacted. “Unfortunately, communication from the Government about the real impact of the tax hike on incomes has been less than straightforward. “However, what many might not be aware of is that pensions can actually be used by both employers and employees to trim tax bills. “Salary sacrifice offers savers National Insurance relief on top of the usual pension tax relief, adding an extra boost to pots.” Mr Hykin explained that by switching to a salary sacrifice pension scheme, businesses can save their employees hundreds of pounds a year, at no extra cost. He said: “For businesses who care about their employees and want to attract and retain the best talent, offering a pension which gives them the ability to keep their tax bills under control will be a big selling point for employees. “Salary Sacrifice, and the ability for pensions to minimise tax bills in general, is something that isn’t spoken about enough and yet another example of where the industry is falling short on educating and engaging people with pensions. “More needs to be done to educate employees and employers on these benefits and encourage employers to choose a Salary Sacrifice workplace pension scheme, to give employees as much flexibility as possible to deal with rising living costs.”