Vladimir Putin is threatening "maximum high-risk cyber attacks" International security Prof Patrick Porter has warned. Russia's war in Ukraine continues to roll on amid fears the conflict could escalate into an all-out nuclear war. Professor Porter told TalkRADIO: "Yes, and in a sense that this becomes more dangerous, the more desperate Putin's regime feels itself to be. "It's when it precisely when it gets to that point where not only are its munitions running down, and it's and its stock market imploding, and it becoming increasingly isolated when it starts to feel not only that it's losing in Ukraine, but it could be the end itself of the regime in even of the country. "And that's partly an effort to keep others out to keep third parties out of the conflict. "It also partly could be an attempt to do a last roll of the dice, not just threatening to use nuclear weapons, but threatening maximal high risk of cyber attacks as well." On Wednesday NATO warned against Russia's war in Ukraine sliding into a nuclear confrontation between Moscow and the West. "Russia should stop this dangerous irresponsible nuclear rhetoric," NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg told a news conference. "But let there be no doubt about our readiness to protect and defend allies against any threat anytime." "Russia must understand that it can never win a nuclear war," he said on the eve of a summit of the Western military alliance's national leaders in Brussels.   "NATO is not part of the conflict ... it provides support to Ukraine but isn't part of the conflict." "NATO will not send the troops into Ukraine... It is extremely important to provide support to Ukraine and we are stepping up. But at the same time it is also extremely important to prevent this conflict becoming a full-fledged war between NATO and Russia." It comes as Prime Minister Boris Johnson has told ministers, Vladimir Putin has "already crossed the threshold of barbarism." Mr Johnson told his Cabinet on Wednesday that the West "should not hesitate to go further in strengthening sanctions and providing further defensive military aid to Ukraine", in the face of increased aggression by the Kremlin in its invasion of the country.  Ukraine's ambassador to the UK said on Wednesday that the country needed more long-range anti-tank weapons from western allies. Vadym Prystaiko told Sky News: "We didn't have enough in the first place. So, we're running out of weaponry. "That's what we'll be seeing in the week to come. Tomorrow, President Zelensky will talk to Nato, the whole of Nato, and we will see how can we replenish our stocks and what we can have that has a much longer range and is stronger than ever. "We have enough weapons to stop tanks immediately when they approach us But to clear out our land we need to have something with a much greater distance."