The Duchess of Cornwall stepped out alongside the Duke of Cornwall for the Service of Celebration for Commonwealth Day that was held at Westminster Abbey earlier today. Camilla and Prince Charles were commemorating the Queen’s 70 years as head of the Commonwealth and were joined by Kate Middleton and Prince William for the occasion. Camilla and Charles arrived last to the service and the Duchess opted for a purple coat dress and matching hat. Usually, royals choose outfits in the colours of white, red or blue to mark the occasion. But today, with Kate in a cobalt blue dress and matching hat, Camilla chose purple. The coat Camilla wore for the Service was not new, in fact, she wore it a couple of years ago for a different occasion. READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'directly channels' Diana's 'goddess-style elegance' Images from the archives show the Duchess, alongside other members of the Royal Family, gather to thank volunteers and key workers at Windsor Castle on December 8, 2020. The coat is by London couture designer Fiona Clare who frequently styles Camilla. According to FionaClare.co.uk, prices for coats start from £2,800. Camilla complemented the look with black accessories. DON'T MISS...Supermarket yellow stickers: Best time to get discounts [INSIDER]Nutritionist's 5 healthy food swaps to lose weight quickly [EXPERT]Meghan & Sophie ‘unhappy in each other’s company' - expert suggests [EXCLUSIVE] She opted for a pair of long, black boots perfect for the chilly spring weather. She also kept her hands warm with some black, stylish leather gloves. As for her hat, this is another well-worn item from Camilla’s wardrobe. She wore it previously in 2018 with a matching purple fluffy-collared coat for the Marking The Centenary of WW1. Prior to that, the Duchess chose the fluffy hat for the Commonwealth Day Service in 2017, again with a different purple coat. In terms of the jewellery she chose, pearl drop earrings were just about visible between her hair and hat. Camilla had also paired the coat with two flower brooches. The brooches were orange and purple gemstones, shaped in a four petal flower. She wore these brooches the last time she wore the coat, but one on each side. Royal fans approved of Camilla’s colour choice and took to Twitter. User @bykriiistiiieee said: “...and looking absolutely fabulous in purple.” Another, @LynnSparks2 wrote: “Looking fabulous in purple.xx” “The Duchess looks stunning in purple,” @JacquelineTean1 remarked.