Rebated diesel - or red diesel - is standard mineral diesel that has been blended with a red dye to mark its lower duty rate. Since it is rebated, it is taxed at a lower rate than the standard white diesel available at petrol stations across the country. But, from April 1, rebated or red diesel and rebated biofuels will no longer be allowed to be used as they currently are. For many who will lose their red diesel eligibility, they will need to use diesel or biofuels which the full rate of fuel duty has been paid for. This includes switching to white diesel, switching to a renewable diesel alternative like Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil (HVO) or electrifying and decarbonising their operations. In the 2020 Budget, the Government announced that the law would be changing in 2022, driven by its net zero goals. READ MORE: 'About time' New speed camera catches red light jumpers By 2050, the Government wants to bring all greenhouse gas emissions to net zero, which has resulted in a number of policies being introduced to help lower pollution rates. Red diesel used in the construction and infrastructure building sectors was also estimated to have caused seven percent of nitrogen oxide emissions and eight percent of PM10 emissions (a type of particulate matter) in London in 2018. The launch of E10 petrol to forecourts last September was another way in which the Government attempted to slowly decarbonise transport in the UK. There are fears that operating costs for businesses are expected to rise by around 15 percent, with companies facing additional fuel expenses of between £100,000 and £400,000 per year. DON'T MISSWhat to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [WARNING]New driving law has one major exemption with rule change weeks away [INSIGHT]Pay per mile car tax could hit rural drivers in road pricing changes [SHOCKING] A number of businesses have called for the Government to halt its plans to ban red diesel, which many have said would offer businesses a lifeline. Gordon Best, regional director of Mineral Products Association NI (MPANI), warned that the changes would create a “serious challenge”. He added: “We believe the removal of the red diesel rebate, due to take place on April 1, 2022, is premature and must be reversed. “In short, it is a cash grab dressed up as an environmental measure. “The policy is flawed and does not encourage a move to zero-carbon fuels, as firms will simply switch to standard white diesel, with exactly the same carbon content. “​​We are appealing to our local MPs to make urgent representations to the Treasury to have the removal of the rebate delayed at the Spring Statement.” There are also fears that the Russian invasion of Ukraine has sent red and white diesel prices soaring. According to Farmers Weekly, an arable and dairy farmer in the Midlands said they were asked to pay 112p per litre for red diesel this week. This is compared to the price of 73p per litre they paid for 10,000 litres of red diesel just 10 days ago. There have since been further hikes, with other farmers suggesting they have been quoted as much as 130p per litre. Some fuel supplies have now suspended quoting completely because prices are rising so quickly between the point of order and delivery times. It’s illegal to use red diesel in vehicles on public roads, although there are some exceptions such as when roads are being gritted.