The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday for the second leg of their Caribbean tour. The couple's visit is in celebration of the Queen's historic 70 year reign and is one of four trips being carried out by senior royals to mark the Platinum Jubilee. As the Queen has taken a step back from royal duties, William and Kate have taken on more responsibilities within the Firm.  In the 11 years since joining the Firm, Kate has proved herself to be one of the Royal Family’s greatest assets. She is now an integral member of the Firm and her responsibilities are continuing to ramp up. Last month, the Duchess embarked on a trip to Denmark — her second solo trip as a working royal. However, her journey into the Royal Family was not an easy ride.  Over the years, Kate has been subject to intense public scrutiny, including unflattering nicknames, most famously ‘Waity Katie’, which was given to her before her and William’s engagement was announced. The Duke and Duchess met when they were both studying at University of St Andrews. The pair were firm friends at first, but during their second year, sparks began to fly and they started dating at the end of 2003. William did not propose to Kate until 2010 — seven years later. Richard Kay, a royal expert and columnist, has claimed that the prince was “concerned” not to make the same mistakes as his parents. Speaking on the 2011 Amazon Prime documentary ‘William & Kate: Into The Future’, Mr Kay said: “Everything about William you can trace back to what happened to his parents — he lived through the bitter breakup of their marriage. “He knows how much what happened to them destroyed their marriage. “He’s very concerned not to make the same mistakes.” Charles and Diana got engaged having only met each other a dozen times. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan Markle mocked after Oscars claim [INSIGHT]Queen releases new £14.99 botanical kitchen product [REVEAL]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [REPORT]  The couple formally announced their engagement to the world in February 1981. When a reporter asked Charles if they were in love, he famously replied: “Whatever ‘in love’ means.” Their incompatibility soon became apparent, and both parties engaged in extramarital affairs. Charles told his official biographer, Jonathan Dimbleby, in 1994 that he picked things back up with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall in this year.  Meanwhile, it’s alleged that Diana’s affair with army captain James Hewitt started around a similar time. The couple separated in 1992 — a year known now as ‘annus horribilis’ — soon after the breakdown of their relationship became public knowledge. The marriage ended in divorce in 1996. Kate and William have been married for 11 years. Since they tied the knot at Westminster Abbey, the couple have put on a united front as dedicated working royals. Diana’s biographer, Richard Morton, noted the Duchess’ consistent support of her husband.  He told the documentary: “She’s [Kate] been very loyal to him [William], very supportive, and for a kid from a broken home — which is afterall what William is — he’s always yearned towards the stable and towards the steady.” Kate has also become a reliable figure for other members of the family — including the Queen. A source told the Daily Mail in January that the Queen “hugely values her [Kate] support, and will rely on her more than ever”. The Duke and Duchess’ eight-day trip around the Caribbean comes at a difficult time for the monarch and the Royal Family.  Republican sentiment has gained momentum within the Commonwealth’s Caribbean realms following Barbados’ departure in November last year. The Duke and Duchess’ “charm offensive” trip has already been hit by two protests — one in Belize and the other in Jamaica. On Wednesday, the couple met with Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness at his office in Kingston. He referenced the country’s plans to become a republic, saying “we’re moving on and we intend to…fulfil our true ambitions and destiny to become an independent and prosperous country”.