Danny Sebastian is one of the most recognisable Bargain Hunt experts with his funky clothes and colourful neck scarves. He has been on the BBC daytime show since 2017 and continues to give vital advice to the red and blue teams, all the while entertaining viewers at home. One thing that they have noticed about the antique expert is that he does tower above many of his co-stars. Danny Sebastian is very much dedicated to his love for antiques, having grown up with a passion for precious items. Growing up in Northamptonshire, Danny always enjoyed collecting things and learned how to make things out of junk. He became even more interested when he was allowed to accompany his mum to an auction house when he was eight years old. Nowadays, even when he isn't working on Bargain Hunt, Danny is travelling around the UK, searching for his next big find. READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? The expert often spends his free time travelling around the UK in his "Afrojunk" van with the slogan "specialists in the nicer things in life" written on the side. Danny scouts potentially precious items by visiting antique fairs, auctions and car boot sales. As well as Bargain Hunt, he also used to present CBBC's Junk Rescue which encouraged children to make sustainability fun, "showing how the things we throw away can be turned into something useful". Some of the other shows Danny has appeared on include Flipping Profit, Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is and Street Auction. Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian stands tall at a whopping 6ft 3in, according to the man himself. The expert previously took to Twitter to post: "Big boy me, all of 6' 3." In comparison to his fellow Bargain Hunt stars, the antique enthusiast is far taller. Experts Eric Knowles and Thomas Plant are both believed to be 5ft 8in. Meanwhile, Christina Trevanion is 5ft 5in and Roo Irvine is reportedly 5ft 1in. DON'T MISS... Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [UPDATE]Bargain Hunt expert left mum 'furious' over antique chair  [REACTION]Tim Weeks partner: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married? [CAST] The expert closest to Danny in terms of height is Charles Hanson who is 6ft 1in. Few other details are known about Danny's personal life as he prefers to keep this away from the spotlight as much as possible. It is known though that the expert, who specialises in 20th Century furniture, has a long-term partner called Joanne. They live together in a "vintage emporium home in Wellingborough" with their three daughters. Bargain Hunt will return for another episode on Thursday, March 10, at 12.15pm on BBC One. The episode description reads: "Christina Trevanion presents today’s show. "The reds and blues will be battling it out today in Lewes High Street. "Experts Catherine Southon and Mark Stacey will be lending a hand to the teams in the hope that they make a profit at the auction in Southsea. "Christina tackles a specialist collectable area, football programmes." Bargain Hunt is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.