It has been rumoured that the Duke and Duchess may be gearing up for a move to Windsor after they have been viewing potential schools for George in Berkshire. It has been reported that the school chosen for George is Lambrook School in Ascot near Windsor Castle where he would start as soon as September.  The Prince is currently at Thomas’s School in Battersea, where his younger sister Princess Charlotte also studies, and their younger brother Prince Louis will start in September. Lambrook School is a prep school set in 52 acres of Berkshire countryside that offers flexi-boarding to its 600 students. The school boasts many facilities including its own farm with chickens, pigs and bees, an orchard, a 9-hole golf course, woodland, sports pitches and a 25 metre swimming pool. Lambrook, which is open to both boys and girls, charges up to £6,999 per term plus £1,481 for boarding.   As it is a mixed school, it is likely that George’s younger siblings may well join him at Lambrook school. Those who wish to apply must undertake a formal assessment day where the child is assessed against criteria such as academic ability, character and wider interests. Tatler reviewed the school calling it “an all-rounder country prep” with “a real outdoor culture: little ones have wellies and waterproof all-in-ones so they can romp freely through the 52 acres”. An inspection in 2018 noted that all requirements were met by Lambrook and the board had no recommendations for the school which is the best possible result from an inspection. READ MORE:'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship The Daily Mail reported that the Duke and Duchess have frequently visited the school and William reportedly discussed Latin classes with one student. A guide on the best private schools by Talk Education described the children at Lambrook who were seen “cartwheeling on the croquet lawn, racing around with cricket bats and swinging from old tyres hanging from the trees, sporting proper rosy cheeks and a healthy outdoorsy glow”. “There’s a sense of delicious freedom and fresh air” at the school that “is anchored around a pristine, grand white country house”. DON'T MISS:Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes (INSIGHT)Elvis Presley 'picked up actress and tried to heal her' during illness (REVEAL)Spain to ditch indoor masks ‘sooner rather than later’ (ANALYSIS) The outdoor nature of the school with a heavy emphasis on sport would appeal to the royal couple who have been vocal about the importance of outdoor learning and play on children’s development and mental health. Lambrook has been a school since 1860 and has already educated royal students including two of Queen Victoria’s grandsons. Queen Victoria would travel to the school to support her grandchildren in sports matches and plays. 