Bruno Fernandes is back in training for Manchester United ahead of this evening’s crunch Champions League showdown with Atletico Madrid. The Red Devils go into the game with the tie very much in the balance following a 1-1 draw in Spain last time out. And, prior to the game, the Portugal international has amusingly aimed a cheeky dig at two of his team-mates. Fernandes was absent as United locked horns with Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday night. That didn’t appear to impact his club too much, however, with Cristiano Ronaldo’s sensational hat-trick putting Antonio Conte’s team to the sword. Fernandes has now resumed training after missing the Tottenham game, with the playmaker in good spirits during the session at Carrington. And, taking to social media before the game at Old Trafford, he’s now aimed a cheeky dig at team-mates Lee Grant and Tom Heaton. Fernandes shared an image of himself smiling among the pair. And he accompanied it with a caption of ‘The veterans club’ accompanied with old man and a laughing face emoji. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz In footballing terms, both Grant and Heaton are certainly at the tail ends of their respective careers. Heaton, who returned to Old Trafford on a free transfer back in the summer having previously left during Sir Alex Ferguson’s spell in charge, is 35. And Grant, who has been at the club since moving from Stoke back in the summer of 2018, is 39. Heaton has been named in the squad for tonight’s match, as well as other goalkeepers Dean Henderson and David De Gea. Grant, meanwhile, is expected to watch on from the sidelines as United look to book their spot in the last eight of the competition. Regarding Fernandes, the United star will likely be central to his side’s hopes of making the next round. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message At times this season the former Sporting Lisbon star has struggled to take the spotlight from compatriot Cristiano Ronaldo. But Fernandes has returned to form recently, finding the net in consecutive Premier League wins over Brighton and Leeds over the past few weeks. And former Sporting coach Silas believes his qualities would actually make him the perfect fit for Diego Simeone at Atletico, while also comparing the midfielder to Red Devils legend Paul Scholes. “He is a very Atletico player,” Silas said of the 27-year—old. “Brutal, very competitive. We agreed with him, he left in January [2020]. “It was a hard blow. We lost [him] in the middle of the year. It was not easy to find a quick solution for that. “Bruno has some characteristics as a person that help him a lot. He is very outgoing. He loves football and talks about it continuously. “He speaks Portuguese, Italian, English, Spanish – and everything very well. “He has an ear for language. It allows him to reach the Premier League and adapt. “Bruno is a footballer who is not easy to stop. He is not like [Lionel] Messi, who dribbles around you. “Bruno’s danger is when you’re not seeing him. “When the ball falls to him and there is no one in front of him, he hits it very well. With the right, with the left. Reminds me of [Paul] Scholes. “If you give him two metres it is like a penalty. he’s incredible. “Direct free kicks… the way he kicks is incredible. “He is a team player. You will not see him dribble past three, but if he catches it on the edge, he is very dangerous. “He also has a great last pass and works very well.”