Louise Minchin’s daughter Mia has spoken for the first time on her mother’s stalker hell to ITV’s Tonight programme. The former BBC Breakfast presenter was the victim of stalking and online abuse before the perpetrator was jailed in December 2021. Louise Minchin: The Truth About Stalking will air on Thursday. In the documentary, Louise and Mia speak about the “terrifying” experience and how they first realised they were the victims of online abuse. Speaking to ITV’s Tonight programme, Mia recalled: “I’m logged into mum's Instagram account and suddenly loads of messages started coming. “They were all kind of just really offensive, calling us not very nice names and then they got much more graphic. “It was the kind of actions that he wanted to do against me and mum, which got really personal and they weren't nice to read at all.” Read more: Grant Shapps slammed for defending UK refugee response “I was kind of terrified, all kind of shaking. I think my heart was beating really fast,” she added. “I didn't sleep all night. The entirety of the next day I was in floods of tears.” Carl Davies was sentenced to two years and eight months in prison in December 2021. The perpetrator was also handed an indefinite restraining order. Louise shared said: “It was very clear from the messages that this person knew exactly where we lived and had stood outside our front door. “To say I was frightened, just doesn't really touch the surface. “You are kind of on this high state of alert all the time. You don't know who they are. “So, you don't know that that person standing next to you isn't them.” DON'T MISSBritish national waiting in Calais for visa with Ukrainian in-laws [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid details sacrifices she made for BBC Breakfast  [INTERVIEW]Ben Wallace slaps down Sally Nugent after host slams refugee crisis [VIDEO] The former BBC Breakfast host’s daughter admitted her behaviour has changed following the ordeal. She revealed she is now “very conscious” of who is behind her when walking. Mia explained she no longer wears headphones if she’s walking alone in the dark. Louise Minchin: The Truth About Stalking will explore whether enough is being done to help victims of stalking. Louise took to her Instagram story on Wednesday to speak about the documentary. She posted a publicity shot of ITV Tonight’s programme stating the date and time of the episode. Louise wrote: “This has been a hard documentary to make and I hope it will raise awareness #itvtonight.” Louise Minchin: The Truth About Stalking airs on ITV on Thursday at 8.30pm.