The menopause is another issue women have to overcome as they grow older, but knowing how to prepare for it can make all the difference. While there are numerous dieting methods out there to prevent the infamous menopause weight gain, what are women meant to do about staying active when they have no energy? Personal trainer Arj Thiruchelvam, who specialise in coaching elite athletes, revealed a way women can stay fit and feel with the midlife changes happening to their bodies. Whether a person is going through the menopause or not, there are two ways they can look at tackling a workout when they're not feeling up to it. They either power-through or take a break. Of this common dilemma, Thiruchelvam explained: "Always make the decision on a macro rather than a micro level." READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure In macro terms, this is because muscle mass decreases with age, "at the rate of about one percent a year". "For menopausal women, it’s much more substantial than that," he added. People need muscle mass to protect their bones. Lucinda Meade, a physiotherapist and personal trainer, said that good muscle mass "decreases cell death, increases stem cells and decreases fat cells, which are a secretor of inflammatory markers. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "Ageing is all about chronic, low-level inflammation," she explained. And on a micro level, Thiruchelvam said: "If you’ve had hot flushes throughout the night and not slept, it’s probably worth listening to your body and giving yourself a rest. "If I wake up and I don’t feel like a workout, I think, I’ll do 10 minutes and if I still feel rubbish, I’m going to stop. "That’s the biggest piece of advice I can give anyone – 95 percent of the time you’ll feel fine after 10 minutes." He also suggested making weekly rather than daily goals. Meade has experience working with many clients through the menopause. She revealed surreptitious weight gain tends to start around the middle, which they then can’t shift. But she explained it's a "really good idea to get into shape before hitting the mid-life change. "People go into the menopause like some ghastly blind date where you know it’s going to happen but you hope it’s going to be OK," Meade said. "Everyone in their 40s should be thinking about getting themselves in tip-top shape so that when it happens, it’s as fine as it can be. "Don’t treat it like a lottery and don’t wait until you’re feeling c**p and then try to make decisions in that state."