Sergio Perez has vowed he will only "get stronger" this season after his first year with Red Bull last season. Perez says he is hoping to challenge team-mate Max Verstappen, who beat Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton to the crown last year, for the Drivers' Championship in 2022. The Mexican achieved five podium finishes, which included winning the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, in his maiden campaign with the Milton Keynes-based team. Though he failed to finish the final two races, he ended fourth or higher in all of the five before that as he developed a strong run of consistent form. The 32-year-old's struggles earlier in the calendar however meant that he ended up fourth in the final Drivers' Championship standings, 205.5 points behind world champion Verstappen. Yet Perez is eager to provide the Dutchman with an extra rival for the title this year. Speaking to the Independent, Perez declared that his "main target" is to win the driver's title. He said: "I think I'm just going to get stronger now. I'm working for it every day. So hopefully this year I can have another gear. MUST READ: Sebastian Vettel warns Lewis Hamilton with Max Verstappen hunch "I know what I have done [to get to this point], what my family has done, and we're proud. But I'm not the type of guy to run around screaming about it, that's just boring. "Everyone has their own story, their own life, and at the end of the day, we're here because we want to be here: to race; to compete; to deliver. I've had a fantastic career and I still want to achieve a lot more in this sport." Red Bull team principal Christian Horner expects the relentless Perez to play an integral role in any success the team have. He said: "Checo finally finds his level at the right time. He is very tough, he never gives up. Sergio is a great team player. That's what we need in this fight." DON'T MISS...Pierre Gasly comment will excite Max Verstappen as Hamilton fears growLewis Hamilton ruled out by Ferrari as Binotto predicts Bahrain resultMercedes boss Toto Wolff was tempted by Sebastian Vettel move And Horner warned that his team for the Bahrain Grand Prix will have already made progress compared to the performance they produced in pre-season testing. "I think there's more to come," he said. "We're just scratching the surface of the potential of these cars - so I think you'll see another step in Bahrain. "I think there'll be quite a steep curve. I think that every week we're finding more performance. And you've got to think there's going to be close to one second and a half to two seconds with the development during the course of the year."