P&O Ferries is one of the main ferry firms which travels between the UK and Europe. It has confirmed services will not run "for a few days". P&O Ferries has also stated 800 staff members will immediately lose their jobs. However, staff workers on board a ferry in Hull are reportedly staging a "sit in" protest and refusing to leave. P&O Ferries confirmed services will be off for a number of days in a post on Twitter. It read: "P&O Ferries services are unable to run for the next few days. "We are advising travellers of alternative arrangements. We will update this feed every 30 minutes with the operational situation." The company confirmed 800 staff members would also lose their jobs. A spokesperson for P&O Ferries said: “P&O Ferries plays a critical role in keeping trade flowing, supply chains moving, and connecting families and friends across the North and Irish seas and the English Channel. We have been at the heart of this service for years and we are committed to serving these vital routes. "However, in its current state, P&O Ferries is not a viable business. We have made a £100m loss year on year, which has been covered by our parent DP World. This is not sustainable. Our survival is dependent on making swift and significant changes now. Without these changes there is no future for P&O Ferries. "These circumstances have resulted in a very difficult but necessary decision, which was only taken after seriously considering all the available options. As part of the process we are starting today, we are providing 800 seafarers with immediate severance notices and will be compensating them for this lack of advance notice with enhanced compensation packages. "In making this tough decision, we are securing the future viability of our business which employs an additional 2,200 people and supports billions in trade in and out of the UK. And we are ensuring that we can continue serving our customers in a way that they have demanded from us for many years.” However, crew at a P&O ferry in Hull are reportedly staging a protest following the reports all workers will be made redundant. READ MORE: British Airways and Heathrow ditch masks MP for East Hull Karl Turner shared pictures on Twitter which suggested replacement workers were preparing to board outside the ferry. The tweet read: "New foreign crew waiting to board the Pride of Hull on King George Dock. RMT Union sitting in onboard the vessel. They will not be boarding her. We understand that both current officers and ratings are to be sacked."  Broadcaster Zora Suleman added: "RMT union told @LBCNews P&O ferry staff are being told they're being dismissed right now. "Agency staff are on busses at the Port of Dover waiting to take over from staff. "The RMT say 'its not fire and re-hire, it's just fire'." Those who have bookings have been urged to look for alternative modes of transport. This may include using P&O competitors or the Eurotunnel, for those heading to Europe. The company advised headling to port to make alternate arrangements. P&O Ferries listed a number of cancellations on it's Twitter page.  Services running to Calais, Larne, Cairnryan and Dover are likely to be affected. Further updates will be given by text and on social media. P&O Ferries Twitter page added: "Please arrive at the port as booked and we will arrange to get you away on an alternative carrier as quickly as possible. "Once at the port please make your way to the DFDS check-in booths." P&O Ferries is a popular option for those travelling abroad. The operator runs services from the UK across Europe. Britons can set sail to Ireland as well as France, Belgium and the Netherlands.   Those with bookings headed to Twitter to share their concerns with the cancellations. "But who is going to let us know and when please? We were meant to be on the 6:30 ferry, sat here since 5:30 and not one person has explained anything?" Twitter user Beckie McLaughlan questioned. P&O Ferries Updates replied: "You will be sailing with DFDS. My colleague will be coming over soon. "Please hang tight. I'm very sorry about this." Another user stated they were struggling to use the other services suggested. They tweeted: "We were sent to Stenaline and told we will be allowed to board with our P&O booking no. "Stenaline asking us to make a fresh booking online. What are we suppose to do about the refund?" P&O Ferries advised: "Sorry to hear this. Please email customer.services@poferries.com and we can arrange a full refund."