Russia’s war in Ukraine has been raging for more than two weeks, with hundreds of people killed, and more than 2.5 million refugees having fled the country, according to the UN. Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded the country last month, claiming the western-aligned nation represented a threat to Russia. Devastating Russian attacks on Ukrainian cities have continued in recent days, including an air strike on a maternity and children’s hospital in Mariupol on Wednesday. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said the attack, which killed three people including a child, constituted a war crime. Putin’s assault on Ukraine has been condemned by world leaders and influential figures with links to the Kremlin have been hit by crippling sanctions. The UK Government slapped travel bans and asset freezes on seven more Russian oligarchs on Thursday, including Roman Abramovich, the owner of Chelsea FC. Meanwhile, the Government has said Ukrainian refugees who have passports can apply for UK visas online from Tuesday. Despite the UK’s moves to help, a European politics expert has told Express.co.uk that the UK is “following the EU” in its response to the crisis in a "blow" for Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s dream of an “agile” post-Brexit Britain. JUST IN: Putin humiliated as 'shocked' Russia is now poorest country in Europe Professor Michael Bruter, a political scientist at the London School of Economics, who is director of the Electoral Psychology Observatory, discussed the UK and EU’s responses to Ukraine. He said: “In a way, the British Government was very early to comment. “From that point of view, it was portraying itself as a government which was leading the international response. “Everything that has been happening in recent days shows that the EU has been faster to act. “In terms of sanctions and in terms of the refugee response, the UK does seem to be following the EU in a way, which is probably annoying to a number of people and is also probably a bit a bit of a blow to the ego of Boris Johnson. “His dream, I think, was that the UK outside of the EU would be more agile and therefore, faster to react than the big, bureaucratic machine he was denouncing.” The Foreign Secretary Liz Truss admitted on Monday that the UK had been “slower” than the EU and US to sanction Russian oligarchs linked to Putin. Before the UK’s latest round of sanctions against Kremlin-linked figures on Thursday, the Government had taken action against 26 individuals, according to data from Spotlight on Corruption. That was compared to 65 sanctions exactly in both the EU and US. Ms Truss told the House of Commons foreign affairs select committee that amendments in the House of Lords “made it harder to get sanctions agreed and made it cumbersome and slower”. DON'T MISS: Angry Russians lose it with Putin – 'Frightening' Ukraine war openly attacked on state TV [LATEST]Putin's mental state could sink into 'paranoia and delusion' if humiliated in Ukraine [INSIGHT]Putin 'not delusional enough' to use nuclear weapons against West: 'Knows consequences' [ANALYSIS] The Foreign Secretary, who said the Government was consequently more “risk averse”, was asked if the EU had been “more nimble” on sanctions than the UK. She said: “What I am saying is that the legislation in the EU, Canada and the US is less onerous than our legislation.” Professor Bruter claimed that people may have been surprised by the EU’s response to the events unfolding in Ukraine. He said: “The contrast with the EU position makes, I think, the life of the Johnson Government hard. “I think there is also a sense more generally that everybody both within the EU and outside of the EU has been very surprised by the strength and unity which has come from the EU since Ukraine. “I think that most people expected that by now that the EU would still be negotiating whatever verbal response that it would be giving to the Ukraine crisis. “I don't think they anticipated that the EU would manage to be very decisive when it comes to the Ukraine crisis. “I think that the UK has seemed really surprised and I think that there is clearly a change of perception.”