Ukraine has struggled to defend itself from short-range ballistic missiles, thought to be fired from Russia or Belarus, which are believed to be responsible for the many civilian casualties in the cities of Kyiv and Kharkiv. Images now show signs of a new system allowing those missiles to reach their target.  The Russian military has been pummelling Ukraine with Iskander-M missiles, according to US defence officials quoted in the New York Times. The systems used to fire them are believed to also be firing decoys not used in previous conflicts, which attract heat-seeking or radar defences. Each of the decoys – which appear to be about a foot in length – contain a transponder to send out radio signals like those of the missile. The decoys are also thought to be able to jam radio signals to confuse Ukrainian intercepts.  READ MORE: Putin could create pandemic 'more lethal than Covid' with a bioweapon Pictures of the dart-shaped projectiles found across Ukraine have surfaced in recent days. According to the Telegraph, they were originally thought to be cluster bombs that had failed to detonate. But experts say that they are something completely new to the theatre of war. Richard Stevens, a former bomb technician and disposal expert in the British Army, told the New York Times he had never seen anything like the decoys.  He said: “No one has had the opportunity to see this.” Professor Jeffrey Lewis, a non-proliferation professor at Middlebury Institute of International Studies, commented: “[The Russians are] digging deep, and maybe they no longer care, but I would care if I were them. “I think that there are some very excited people in the US intelligence community right now.” Images provided by Collective Awareness to Unexploded Ordnance show the decoys coloured white with an orange base.  DON'T MISS Kim humiliates Putin after Russia begs for help [INSIGHT] Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals [ANALYSIS] Boy has 'potentially life-threatening injuries' after car park plunge [REPORT] Iskander-M missiles are said to have a range of 450km, which means they can be fired from beyond the Ukrainian border at key targets within the embattled country. However, the Kremlin has reportedly limited the range of those it exports to other nations by half. The decoys have been described by experts as “penetration aids” for the missiles, that are believed not available to other countries purchasing the military hardware either.  Professor Lewis said the use of decoys suggested an urgency in Russia’s leadership, as their use was now known to the NATO alliance. He told the New York Times: “The minute people came up with missiles, people started trying to shoot them down, and the minute people started trying to shoot them down, people started thinking about penetration aids. “We never see them because they’re highly secret. If you know how they work, you can counteract them.”  That the decoys have not been sold to other nations “suggests to me that the Russians place some value on keeping that technology close to home and that this war is important enough to them to give that up.”