Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has confirmed that he took Curtis Jones off against Norwich because the midfielder had injured his thigh. The Reds ran out 2-1 winners against the Canaries to progress to the FA Cup quarter-finals.  “We took Curtis off because he felt the thigh slightly - it is not serious,” Klopp admitted. Liverpool were far from their best against Norwich but always looked likely to progress from the encounter without too many issues. The hosts dominated for large spells of the match but had to have their wits about them at the other end when the Canaries did break forward. Takumi Minamino fired his side into the lead just before the half-hour mark as he struck from close range after being teed-up by Divock Origi. And the winger doubled his side’s advantage six minutes before the break as he thumped the ball into the roof of the goal after finding himself in acres of space at a corner. JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season   Norwich refused to roll over as they made a fight of the match after the break. And Lukas Rupp reduced his team’s deficit 14 minutes before the end as he drove forward and lashed the ball past Alisson from the edge of the box. But the visitors couldn’t find an equaliser as Liverpool reached the quarter-finals of the FA Cup for the first time under Klopp. And Klopp was quick to pay tribute to Minamino after the match following his brace. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     “Takumi is an incredible player and I think he was a big part of it,” Klopp told ITV. “It was the best game he had for us. Second half when he stepped inside with the little dribble and sets the ball up. “He played a super game, was a constant threat and kept all the balls. It was windy out there again so with these high balls how he took them down, it was really good. “I’m not surprised, I’m really happy for him. Without him we wouldn’t be in the quarter-finals, without him we wouldn’t have been in the final of the Carabao Cup. He’s a super guy and I’m really pleased for him.” The German had only led his side to the fifth round of the FA Cup once before this campaign and they lost to Chelsea on that occasion.   The Reds defeated the Blues on Sunday to lift the Carabao Cup trophy and are have now been tipped to win a historic quadruple if they can build on their recent good form. Klopp’s side appeared to be out of the race for the Premier League title but have closed the gap to Manchester City to six points with a game in hand. And the Reds will be doing all they can to have another season to remember after a disappointing campaign last time out. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here