 A letter was sent from Transport Secretary Grant Shapps last week asking UK ports to not allow “access to any Russian flagged, registered, owned, controlled, chartered or operated vessels”. The British Government announced on Tuesday the total ban on Russian cargo ships from UK ports as part of the package of sanctions implemented on Russa.   The Transport Secretary announced on Tuesday that he was “at London’s Foreign Office where we’ve just become the first nation to pass a law involving a total BAN of ALL ships with ANY Russian connection whatsoever from entering British ports”. The Secretary encouraged people to spread the message to urge fellow leaders to do the same. In his letter to the UK ports, Mr Shapps stated: “The maritime sector is fundamental to international trade and we must play our part in restricting Russia’s economic interests and holding the Russian government to account.” Despite this strong stance against Russia, it has emerged that there is a loophole with the sanctions as they are designed to target the specific vessels and not the cargo that may have origins in Russia.   This loophole means that cargo ships that are registered to other countries can still dock in Britain even if they are carrying Russian oil or gas to the UK. It was revealed on Wednesday that at least two ships are looking to make use of this loophole as they make their way towards the UK to dock at the Isle of Grain terminal in Kent. Approximately 180 members of the trade union Unison have announced that they “don’t want to touch the cargo given the tragedy unfolding in Ukraine”. Matt Lay from the Union said: “These staff are determined to show their support for the Ukrainian people and uphold the sanctions imposed against Russia.” READ MORE:Britney Spears hits back at critics of nude snaps by baring all again  The Union announced that the two tankers due to dock on Sunday are the Fedor Litke and the Boris Vilkiskiy and carry enough gas to supply the UK for 12 days. The vessels are owned by Dynagas, a Greek firm, though the owner was not disclosed, the Boris Vilkitskiy is managed by Russian company, Yamal LNG OAO. Mr Lay urged the transport secretary to “send these two ships packing”. He continued: “He needs to make it clear that all Russian ships are banned from every UK port and terminal.” DON'T MISS:Saudi Arabia hands Putin oil lifeline after major blow (INSIGHT)Houses for sale drop to two-and-a-half years low (ANALYSIS)Ukraine: Macron slammed for ‘electoral trap’ (REACTION)  The spokesman for the Union criticised the speed at which the sanctions passed saying: “The law passed speedily on Tuesday should have made the Boris Vilkitsky and Fedor Litke turn back. “But both vessels still seem to be very much Kent-bound.” A source revealed to The Guardian that “at least one of the ships is carrying LNG (liquid natural gas) purchased by British Gas owner Centrica”. Centrica declared earlier this week that they would cut off supply from Gazprom, state-owned Russian energy corporation and are holding talks with the Government on how to address shipments already dispatched. 