Express Sport tennis correspondent Yasmin Syed is set to star in the fourth episode of the new 'Women in Sport' series, where she will be speaking live to the Express' assistant head of social Pandora Forsyth. The show has already featured the likes of McLaren development driver Katie Milner, Olympic boxing star Caroline Dubois and BT Sport presenter Jules Breach in our bid to highlight the crucial role women play in sport in support of the #SheCan movement. Milner told Express Sport on Wednesday how she believes women will break into F1 in the next 10 years, whilst Dubois highlighted her journey to the top in women's boxing despite a lack of opportunities to do so early in her career. And now Syed will discuss being a female in the world of tennis and her experiences in the industry while documenting where the sport can still improve. Women's tennis has shot up in popularity in recent times, especially in Britain with the emergence of starlet Emma Raducanu at Wimbledon and the US Open last year stirring excitement. At the US Open the Briton went all the way from qualifying to title winner without dropping a single set in one of the most impressive feats in male or female tennis history. Elsewhere, world No 1 Ashleigh Barty announced her retirement earlier this week, citing a loss of love for the sport as her reason for walking away. Despite winning the Australian Open just two months ago alongside Wimbledon in the summer and the French Open in 2019, the Australian announced her shock retirement this week. Elsewhere, world No 1 Ashleigh Barty announced her retirement earlier this week, citing a loss of love for the sport as her reason for walking away. Despite winning the Australian Open just two months ago alongside Wimbledon in the summer and the French Open in 2019, the Australian announced her shock retirement earlier this week to send shockwaves around the tennis world. And with former world No 1 Naomi Osaka having been heckled by a fan at Indian Wells recently there's plenty for Syed to talk about in the world of tennis in addition to her own experiences. Yasmin started her career as a reporter in 2017 whilst studying Multimedia Journalism at Bournemouth University. She started a tennis section on her lifestyle blog that same year, writing about sexism in the sport. This was noticed by Judy Murray - mother of British tennis star Andy - and Amazon Prime, which gave Yasmin an increased standing in the game, before she went on to become Express Sport's tennis correspondent in August 2020. And there will be plenty of tennis content to come from Yasmin in the near future with the French Open and Wimbledon both on the horizon. You can tune into the latest episode of Women In Sport on the Express Sport Facebook on Wednesday by clicking HERE.