An image from Gulf’s fuel station at Chelsea Cloisters Service Station shows drivers are being charged a massive 219.5p per litre to top up. The image shows the driver was charged over £10 for just over 4.5 litres of fuel. It comes after figures from Experian Catalist shows petrol and diesel prices are at new records high. The UK average petrol costs increased to 151.67p on Tuesday, up from 151.16p on Monday. Meanwhile, the average cost of diesel was also up to 155.23p in another new record. Some areas have already seen higher costs with a forecourt in West Yorkshire charging 172p per litre last week. READ MORE: Petrol prices smash all-time highs as drivers queue One garage in Peterborough was also reportedly charging drivers a massive 166p for diesel. Just days ago, petrol station bosses warned it was “inevitable” for prices to hit £2. Luke Bosdet AA fuel price spokesperson also warned many drivers had “dreaded” fuel costs rising above £1.50 per litre. He said: “Petrol at [above] 150p a litre reaches a milestone that millions of motorists faced with a cost of living crisis have dreaded. DON'T MISSPetrol prices hit astronomical levels amidst plea not to panic buy [INSIGHT]Fears for further fuel price hike as workers look to strike [ANALYSIS]Oil Price surge: RAC warns of ‘eye-watering’ petrol prices [COMMENT] “It comes as households are getting notices of domestic energy price rises in April. “To think that less than two years ago fuel at £1 a litre beckoned.” The massive hikes come after the wholesale price of oil surged in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. MarketWatch puts the price of Brent Crude Oil at $111 (£83), the highest rates since 2014. Over the past six months, prices have steadily climbed from just $72 (£54) in September. However, the Russian invasion saw oil rates jump from just $95 (£71) to over $100 (£75) within hours. The RAC has previously warned of the risks involved if oil was to exceed past $110 (£82). They warned petrol prices would suddenly rise which would cause “financial difficulties” for many road users. Simon Williams, RAC fuel spokeman recently said: “If the oil price was to increase to $110 there’s a very real danger the average price of petrol would hit £1.55 a litre. “This would cause untold financial difficulties for many people who depend on their cars for getting to work and running their lives as it would skyrocket the cost of a full tank to £85. “At $120 a barrel – without any change to the exchange rate which is currently at $1.35 – we would be looking £1.60 a litre and £88 for a full tank.” Express.co.uk have contacted Gulf International Oil for comment on their fuel prices.