Brooding about the past can reduce brain activity and in turn, perceived levels of pain, so much so that going over a few childhood photo albums could cure a headache. Interesting. But is this a way of fooling ourselves once more? It is very easy to think that everything was better in the past, especially at times like the present: a pandemic followed by a terrifying war is no one’s idea of fun. Then there’s the fact that for obvious reasons, nostalgia focuses on a time when we were younger, with the future still ahead. But to harp on about what happened decades ago does rather suggest that the best is well behind us, a depressing idea, and there’s nothing more tedious than people you knew in a past  life droning on incessantly about long-forgotten events and individuals you lost contact with for the very good reason that you haven’t had anything in common since Edward Heath was prime minister. Speaking as a child of the 1970s, here are quite a few things I won’t miss: Strikes: We may have ’em now, but back then they were practically a way of life and they almost brought the country to its knees until You Know Who rescued us. The three-day week. Unions running out of control. Kipper ties. A cuisine that was either brown (boiled meat) or green (boiled vegetables), in which no one had heard of an avocado. The 1970s produced shag pile carpeting, an oil crisis and an energy crisis (yes, I know, the irony), disco music (ok, that was quite fun), heavy metal (that wasn’t) and progressive rock, one of the most tedious art forms ever invented. And glam rock (sorry, but it was preposterously overrated, despite Freddie Mercury.) The Bay City Rollers (I was a Donny Osmond girl and he’s still around). The Black and White Minstrel Show. Admittedly the 1970s produced some superb television (Dad’s Army, The Good Life) which still bears viewing to this  day, but it also produced Benny Hill. “Did Brits really watch that?” asked an American acquaintance. I can feel the burning shame to this day. Television was still largely black and white and there were three channels. No: it wasn’t fun to watch the Test Card. And everything ended early. No thanks. Mind you, the 1970s had one thing going for it: it ushered in  the glorious 1980s. So, grim as it might feel right now, there may be a stunning new era around the corner. Meanwhile, you know the old joke. Nostalgia isn’t what it used to be. Look ahead.