You get the impression Jurgen Klopp loves very few things more than a challenge. The German stumbled upon a wounded giant when he arrived at Anfield back in October of 2015, but in his seven-and-a-bit years since, has restored Liverpool's status as one of the greats within the game. The Carabao Cup became the latest honour added to his ever-expanding list of trophy triumphs at the weekend, but while some will attempt to downplay its significance, Sunday's success was one of his finest. It may well have taken a penalty shootout to decide the showpiece following a 120-minute stalemate with Chelsea, but the manner of Liverpool's victorious cup run will carry special meaning. Klopp masterminded the Reds' latest silverware success story by efficiently utilising his full squad, entrusting all manner of personnel, from academy graduates to fringe players and first-teamers. It appears the 54-year-old possesses a unique ability to inspire whoever is selected to deliver when it matters, and evoke passion from within all those who pull on Liverpool's iconic colours. JUST IN: Man Utd icon Rio Ferdinand delivers bleak message for the Glazers  However, while his gamble to shuffle the pack has undoubtedly paid off so far this season, it does come at a cost. As proven by Harvey Elliott on Sunday. The 18-year-old was fired up and more than ready to make his mark on the grand stage for Liverpool against Chelsea, but his passion spilled over. On more than one occasion. Firstly, the teenager allowed his enthusiasm to unnecessarily boil over as he needlessly shoved Chelsea's Kai Havertz following a coming together between the German and Trent Alexander-Arnold. Thankfully, the wise old head of James Milner was on hand to usher him away on that occasion, but there was little he could do amid the Reds' raucous post-match celebrations. DON'T MISS...Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apologyHarry Kane urged to avoid Michael Owen mistake if he leaves TottenhamMan Utd icon Rio Ferdinand delivers bleak message for the Glazers  After a forbidden flare was thrown on to the Wembley turf, Elliott retrieved it and promptly roared in pride towards Liverpool's travelling faithful. It was an act which subsequently landed him in hot water with the FA and prompted Klopp to remind him of his responsibilities as an emerging role model. "Harvey is a very young man on the pitch, and outside, he is still even a little bit more a boy, but that's not a problem," the Liverpool manager revealed on Tuesday. "He made a mistake, and because of 'role model' role we have as people working in public, I understand 100 percent [the reaction]. "I will tell him. I can promise he will not do it again. "Do I think it was the worst thing to happen in the world of football? No. "I understand 100 percent why it is not okay, but in that moment, [even] I got carried away, and I am nearly four times as old as he is! It can happen. "The best thing about making a mistake is if you don't do it again, and he will not do it again."  Klopp has made no secret of his desire to entrust young players, but his willingness to throw them in at the depth end can, at times, act as a double-edged sword. While the Liverpool manager isn't afraid to present opportunities to the likes of Elliott, the pressures of being thrust into the spotlight can take their toll. The German's all-inclusive approach carries risk, as proven by Elliott's indiscretion, but also reward, as shown by Liverpool's latest triumph. Klopp loves a challenge. And taming Elliott could prove to be one of his biggest yet. 