Documentary maker Brian Volk-Weiss has recently taken fans behind the scenes of the long-running franchise with his new 11-episode show Centre Seat: 55 Years of Star Trek. No stranger to helping fans to relive their childhood, he has also directed show's such as Disney Plus' Behind the Attractions and Netflix's The Movies That Made Us. Brian is a self-professed "nine out of ten" on the Star Trek scale, and as a diehard fan, he knows his stuff. He previously revealed what his pet peeve was when it came to Star Trek coverage and how he wanted to right that wrong in the documentary. Centre Seat showcases a lot of never before seen footage and exclusive interviews, and one fact that blew his mind was how a hopeful new writer sent in a Star Trek script that changed the franchise's trajectory. On how the show came back to life, Brian said: "Ron Moore [Ronald D. Moore], I don't even know if he was 22. Read More: All Creatures Great and Small's Callum Woodhouse talks season three and 'missing' the pub "He had literally sent in a spec script. He even says himself, 'I randomly sent a script and then had a 25-year career.'" Talking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he continued: "Just selling a spec script to a TV show - that's almost unheard of then, and now [That would never happen]. "But then the guy went on to do Battlestar Galactica, he is one of the most creative showrunners in history, and he started as a 22-year-old kid." The original Star Trek show ran for a few years, from 1966 until 1969 and starred William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, George Takei and Nichelle Nichols. It wasn't until Ronald sent his eager script that the show had enough momentum behind it to launch again. Set 100 years after Captain Kirk's (played by William Shatner) Starfleet Star Trek: The Next Generation landed in 1987, Ronald's script found life and propelled his career. Star Trek has gone on to have numerous live-action and animated spin-offs and multiple major blockbuster movies. As mentioned earlier, Brian's pet peeve was that Lucille Ball never got the credit she deserved. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village in April Windsor twist [SPOILERS]How to watch Yellowstone for free in the UK [LATEST]Game of Thrones' Varys star admits being shunned after 'unrecognisable' transformation  [LATEST] He described: "It's been a lifelong pet peeve of mine that Lucille Ball never got the credit. "I always say, 'If Gene Roddenberry was the father of Star Trek, there has got to be a mum, and in this case, it is was Lucille Ball.'" The I Love Lucy actress owned Desilu Productions, which was the company that that screenwriter, producer, and creator of Star Trek: The Original Series Gene Roddenberry approached. Brian was also delighted to get the first on-screen interview from Kirstie Alley about her time as Saavik in Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. "There are so many mind-blowing moments – There were hundreds, but my favourite is the Kirstie Alley interview," he said. "I love Star Trek, but my focus or speciality is Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. I have probably seen it over 500 times. So much so that in my will, it will read 'I don't believe in the no-win scenario' on my gravestone. "She told one mind-blowing thing after another." The Center Seat: 55 Years of Star Trek is available to stream exclusively on IMDb TV in the UK, Amazon's premium free streaming service.