NBC’s thrilling series The Blacklist followed criminal mastermind Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) as he worked with the police to track down some of the FBI’s most wanted criminals. As the series continues fans believe Red could go face to face with the family of a dead enemy after spotting a glaring clue.  The Blacklist’s director Christine Gee, took to her Instagram page to post a photo of an upcoming script captioned: “And so it begins.” Although the snap didn’t reveal when the episode would air, fans spotted a glaring clue of what it could entail. With the episode set to be titled “Laszlo Jankowics”, fans took to Reddit after noticing the name looked very familiar. Reddit user Searching4Syzgy wrote: “Interesting! Same last name as Blacklister Marko Jankowics from season 6, episode 8, who was a drug lord that made LSD.  READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series “He orchestrated the kidnapping of Jennifer. We also learned that his girlfriend, Marguerite Renard, used to work for Dr Koehler. It can’t be a coincidence that we have another Jankowics.” However, after being corrected the user clarified: “True, I should have worded that differently. Liz and Jennifer tried to kidnap Renard. “Renard was being guarded (due to her relationship with Jankowics) and her guards intervened to save her and take Jennifer. “They kidnapped her and took her to a place to be interrogated by Jankowics.”  Marco Jankowics (Lukas Reiter) was first introduced in season six as a notorious Hungarian drug lord who was known for his production and commercialization of LSD. Marko was a huge target for both the FBI and DEA task force as he was able to use legal loopholes and Europe’s lenient restrictions to mass-produce the drug then ship it to Canada. He also had several operations, contacts and assets in Montreal as well as mules disguised as pregnant women to smuggle it into the USA. However, despite being high on the list of wanted criminals, he was able to escape, avoiding arrest and indictment.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [THEORY]The Blacklist’s Amir Arison on character’s relationship with Red [INSIGHT]The Blacklist release time shakeup explained: When will season 9 air? [EXPLAINER] Another Reddit user Ivanuska42 agreed: “It can’t be a coincidence that we have another Jankowics. “The one they killed was Hungarian, Laszlo is a Hungarian name,” they suggested, “perhaps he is a son/brother. After all, that business wasn't shut down.” Jankowics was shot dead by Agent Donald Ressler (Diego Klattenhoff) after he tried to pull a gun on him. With the operations still running, it is yet to be seen how his family found out he died and how would’ve taken over the business. Liz Keen (Megan Boone) and Jennifer (Fiona Dourif) tried to kidnap Renard (Lusia Strus) because they were convinced she knew the truth about Red’s identity.   This realisation came after they learned Renard worked for Dr Hans Koehler (Kenneth Tigar), a doctor who was known for changing criminals' identities through plastic surgery. As Red’s true identity was a major mystery Liz and Jennifer quizzed Renard demanding answers about who he was before surgery. However, her answers only left them with more questions after she revealed: “I never spoke to Mister Reddington. Or the woman who arranged for him to have the procedure.” When Jennifer pressed: “Was it Katarina Rostova, was that it? Was it Katarina Rostova who took Reddington to Doctor Kohler?” Renard never responded. As season nine has been focused on the time jump after Liz’s death, perhaps the introduction of Laszlo Jankowics could bring the focus back on the biggest mystery of the series, Red’s real identity. The Blacklist season 9 is available to stream on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 