The DWP is changing the way it assesses Britons with mental health conditions when considering whether they qualify for state benefits such as PIP. People under state pension age who suffer from a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition, may be able to claim PIP. Some 2.8 million people receive these payments to help them meet everyday living costs but thousands of Britons with mental health conditions could be missing out. The updated guidelines published on Gov.uk include details on the capability of assessment providers to audio record face-to-face and phone consultations plus changes in the section on covert recordings by claimants. However, Benefits and Work has spotted that it also includes improved guidance for assessors on the significance of whether or not a claimant with a mental health condition is receiving medication. Assessors may incorrectly interpret the fact that a claimant with, for example depression, is not receiving any medication as evidence that their condition has very little effect on their daily living or mobility needs. READ MORE: 'I'm afraid I won't have enough to retire' Dave Ramsey suggests how woman, 47 can get by  “Severity of a mental health condition does not necessarily correspond with the type or dosage of medication that the claimant is receiving.” The guidance goes on to list a number of reasons why a claimant may be “unable or choose not to take mental health medication”. These include: The guidance continues: “Absence of medication does not automatically mean that the health condition is not severe. However, HPs should consider the type and context of certain medications, for example use of depot antipsychotic injections in psychotic disorders. “HPs should also take into account that some medications are used to treat different conditions, for example some antidepressants are also licenced to treat anxiety. HPs must also consider the use of other treatments such as psychological therapies.” People can read the updated PIP assessment guide for assessment providers on the GOV.UK website. This updated guidance may mean that applicants who have been turned down previously could now qualify. Britons could receive payments between £23.70 and £152.15 each week depending on the severity of their condition. It’s advisable to conduct a benefit check every six months just in case people can qualify for a cash boost in this hard time. State benefits like Universal Credit and PIP could also act as a gateway benefit to additional financial assistance. It can take up to six months for a new claim to go through. Anyone who struggles to fill out the forms can ask for additional help from their doctor or the DWP.