Prince Harry recently took part in a video chat with Gulistan and Elizabeth Mirzaei, the directors of the documentary Three Songs for Benazir. The film-makers themselves shared the news in a tweet on Sunday, in which they praised the Duke of Sussex for his "love and dedication to Afghanistan". Mr and Mrs Mirzaei's film is being distributed by Netflix and has been nominated for an Oscar in the short subject documentary category. The directors' tweet was shared by Royal Analysis, a royal watcher, policy adviser and political strategist. The Twitter user believes this chat presents another clue the Duke and Duchess of Sussex may attend the Oscars or at least a party related to the awards on Sunday. Retweeting the Mirzaeis' post, she wrote: "1. The film is streaming on Netflix. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "2. The Oscars are next Sunday. "3. M[eghan]'s friend Serena Williams will be attending b/c of King Richard. "All of these signs point to H&M attending the Oscars (or at the very least the Netflix parties) in LA". Meghan and Prince Harry announced to have signed in September 2020 a multi-year deal with Netflix. READ MORE: Prince Edward branded 'pompous and arrogant' after rare interview The pair is to produce "content that informs but also gives hope", as stated by Meghan and Harry at the time. The royals have so far announced they are creating two series - Heart of Invictus, focused on a group of Invictus Games contestants at the upcoming tournament at The Hague, and Pearl, an animated multi-episode show focused on the adventures of a young girl. While tennis stars Serena and Venus Williams haven't yet confirmed their attendance at the Oscars, they are expected to walk down the red carpet on Sunday as the executive producers of the biopic focused on their father and their own early careers. This comes after a source has claimed it would be a major coup for the Oscars if they could have Meghan and Harry taking the centre stage at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood. They told The Sun: "Obviously they’d be a huge coup this year, and could use their appearance to make an impassioned speech of their choosing, most likely Ukraine. "Show producers Will Packer and Shayla Cowan have lined up some amazing A-list names to take to the stage and Harry and Meghan would be the icing on the cake." The source, however, said it is unlikely the Duke of Sussex would attend the event taking place only two days before Prince Philip's service of thanksgiving to be hold at Westminster Abbey on March 29. They said: "It would be seen as a final kick in the teeth for the royal family if he did — he’s too nervous to fly to London without police protection, but happy to stand up in front of a huge live audience at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood. Not great optics." Prince Harry and Meghan appeared together at a public event last month, when they received the NAACP Image Awards' President's Award. In their acceptance speech, they mentioned the war in Ukraine as well, with the Duke saying: "Before we begin, we would like to acknowledge the people of Ukraine who urgently need our continued support as a global community." The pair also spoke about their charitable work and commitment to equality. Moreover, they introduced the new NAACP-Archewell Digital Civil Rights Award, a collaboration between the NAACP and their organisation Archewell. On Friday, the Duke and Duchess spoke further about Ukraine in a statement released on their organisation's website. Their latest statement announced a number of donations made by the Sussexes via their non-profit foundation to organisations working on the ground in Ukraine as well as to a coalition of Ukrainian media. They also paid tribute to a "member of our veteran community in Ukraine" who died during the war. While they did not name the veteran, Meghan and Harry were believed to be referring to Serhii Karaivan, a former triallist for the Invictus Games and Warrior Games for Team Ukraine.