 The Government will be increasing the rate of car tax in April, with the changes favouring electric cars and other low polluting vehicles. This is being done to provide UK drivers with a massive incentive to switch to electric vehicles in the run up to the 2030 ban of the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles.  A ban will also apply to new hybrid vehicles being sold in 2035. One major incentive for drivers, beside the environmental benefits, is that electric car owners pay no Vehicle Excise Duty (VED). The car tax rise is in line with the Retail Prices Index measure of inflation. The age of a vehicle and its fuel efficiency are a barometer of how much car tax a driver is expected to pay from next month. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered  Under the new changes, the car tax will stay at zero if the vehicle doesn’t produce any CO2 emissions at all. VED is made up of two payments - standard rate and first year rate. The first year rate is also known as a “showroom tax” and is based on the CO2 figures when the vehicle was built. The standard rate is the annual renewal you pay yearly from there onwards. DON'T MISSAndy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [SHOCKING]Eyesight checks could be expanded by DVSA under new proposals [WARNING]  For many vehicles first registered on or after April 1 2017, the standard rate will increase by £10. However, first year rates are increasing from just £5 for vehicles producing CO2 emissions of between 76 and 90g per km, to £120 for those producing CO2 emissions of over 255g per km. Tax changes will also be made for cars registered on or after March 1, 2001, with the standard rate increasing from anywhere between £5 and £30. A full list of the changes can be found on the Government website.  The Tony Blair Institute for Global Change estimated that the cost of petrol, fuel duty and VED is around £1,100 per year for the average petrol or diesel car. The equivalent cost for an electric vehicle is just £320. While the overall cost is 71 percent lower, the amount paid in tax is 98 percent lower. The Institute warned: “Our uneasy equilibrium on road usage is about to be dramatically destabilised."  Computer checks are carried out by the DVLA on a monthly basis to make sure UK car owners have paid their road tax. Fines of £80 are dished out to any vehicle the system flags up as untaxed but not declared as not being on the road (SORN). However, a 50 percent discount is available if the driver pays the penalty within 28 days of it being issued. If the driver fails to pay the fine, and the case goes to court, they risk fines of up to £1,000.