Prince William still made his voice heard as the President of the BAFTA Awards on Sunday evening despite not attending the glitzy event in person. The Duke of Cambridge surprised guests and members of the audience with a pre-recorded video aired during the show. Appearing in front of the camera alone and in black tie, the Duke spoke about his pride at seeing young talent being acknowledged during the night. He said: "As President of BAFTA, I am extremely proud to see the work that BAFTA undertakes year-round to provide opportunities and support for talented people to develop successful careers in film, games and television." William continued: "One of these programmes is Breakthrough, a year-long mentoring and guidance initiative which helps people achieve their true potential. "It’s wonderful that there are more than thirty participants from Breakthrough UK in the audience this evening. "Two of them, Aleem Khan and Jessie Buckley, are nominated for awards tonight. "They join an impressive list of young talent, including Bukky Bakray and Florence Pugh, as well as Paapa Essiedu and Ray Panthaki who are closely involved with BAFTA-nominated films. "BAFTA hopes to inspire and support future generations from all walks of life to become the filmmakers of the future. "And I hope that for some of those watching these awards, that journey starts today." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Royal fans erupt at Meghan and Harry dig William ended his recorded speech by saying: "Congratulations to all the nominees and winners. "I wish you all a wonderful evening." The video was recorded in a room with white walls on which could be spotted a portrait in a lavish golden frame and a lamp. Another lamp sat on a table out of the sight of the public. A spokesperson for the BAFTAs announced last week the Duke of Cambridge would not attend the event in person due to "diary constraints". This marked the second year in a row William did not attend the event in person. Last year, as the BAFTAs were taking place remotely due to the pandemic, the Duke pulled out of the event and did not send a video message due to the sudden death of his grandfather Prince Philip on April 9. This was the first time the prince had not attended the ceremony since his appointment as president of the Awards. The Duke visited the new BAFTAs headquarters in London in late January. There, he met young participants of the bursary and scholarship programmes provided by the BAFTAs in a bid to acknowledge and nurture talent in the industry. While no royals were in attendance at the Royal Albert Hall on Sunday, host and comedian Rebel Wilson made jokes about three members of the Firm. Speaking about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's interview with Oprah Winfrey, first aired in the US in March last year, the actress said: "From drama, to horror, to fantasy... Harry and Meghan's interview with Oprah had it all." She continued: "Unfortunately, that's not nominated in this category, but some incredible films are. "Let's take a look at some of the most outstanding British films this year". The Australian comedian also said, joking, she was due to perform a musical about Prince Andrew during the Awards. However, she said, she would not go ahead with it as she was "saving my voice for the sequel to Cats", referring to the film transposition of the world-famous musical in which she played the role of Jennyanydots.