In the 1986 action movie Top Gun Tom Cruise's character, Maverick, butted heads with Iceman (Kilmer). Before long, they became embroiled in a bitter rivalry that was never truly resolved. The upcoming Top Gun: Maverick looks like it is going to put their disdain for one another to bed once and for all. And in the latest trailer for Top Gun: Maverick, it was revealed that Maverick will be returning to the Top Gun corps to teach the best of the best at Iceman's request. The fact-filled trailer showed Jon Hamm's character telling Maverick he wasn't his "first choice" of instructor for these new up-and-coming pilots. He added: "You are here at the request of Admiral Kazanksy - AKA Iceman. He seems to think you have something left to offer the Navy. What that is, I can't imagine." A quick cut showed a portrait of Admiral Kazanksy in uniform hung in honour at the Navy. Later on in the trailer a devastating plane crash explodes into mountains. And just a second later a row of uniformed Navy officers can be seen in a graveyard firing the 21 guns salute. Viewers then see Cruise's Maverick in uniform standing over a coffin. Chances are, this is the first glimpse Top Gun fans have had of the end of Iceman's journey. It makes sense, as behind the scenes, Iceman's actor Kilmer lost his voice in 2015 after receiving surgery for throat cancer. His struggles were detailed in his documentary, Val, where he showed off how his day-to-day life changed Instead of speaking in Top Gun: Maverick, Kilmer's son, 26-year-old Jack, is taking over the speaking role of his father to make round off his story. READ MORE: Johnny Depp won Edward Scissorhands after Top Gun star's 'questions' Jack recently announced he was "stoked" to take on his father's role in a movie moment that "honours Iceman's legacy". After a limited role, it is very likely Iceman will be killed off to allow the character to have a just and dignified end. What's more, the director of the movie spoke out about bringing Iceman back as well. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp won Edward Scissorhands after Top Gun star's 'questions' [NEWS]Daniel Craig's favourite James Bond star, 007 movie and next Bond view [INFO]James Bond: No Time To Die ‘may have no choice but to delay again’ [INSIGHT] Joe Kosinski explained how getting Kilmer back to play Iceman was a "huge, huge get". He added: "To get to work with an actor of that caliber, to see the chemistry, the camaraderie between him and Tom, and to have those two characters reunite in this film, was a really special moment, and one of my favorite parts of the film." (sic) (Via Total Film) Executive producer for Top Gun: Maverick, Jerry Bruckheimer, also recently spoke out about Kilmer's return. He said: "We all wanted him, but Tom was really adamant that if he’s going to make another Top Gun, Val had to be in it." He added that Cruise pushed for Kilmer to return. Bruckheimer said: "[Cruise] said: 'We have to have Val, we have to have him back. We have to have him in the film.'" He added: "It was a really emotional experience for all of us. It was a long time getting there, but we did." (Via People) SOURCE / SOURCE