Secretary of State for Transport Grant Shapps has announced it is now a criminal offence for any Russian aircraft to enter UK airspace – a move that gives the Government the right to detain any planes attempting to enter the country. It will prevent those close to Vladimir Putin from setting foot in the UK. Mr Shapps said: "We will suffocate Putin's cronies' ability to continue living as normal while thousands of innocent people die." The Transport Secretary has sent a letter to all UK airports and airfields to inform that, from 5m on Tuesday, air traffic control have powers to issue directions to a pilot or operator of a Russian aircraft — private or commercial — not to enter UK airspace or to leave it by a certain route. His letter states: "The aviation sector is fundamental to connectivity and international trade and we must play our part in restricting Russia's economic interests and holding the Russian government to account. "Please note that non-compliance may give rise to a criminal offence." Under the new law, the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) has the right to refuse to register aircraft in the UK if the information provided means the aircraft "appears to be owned, chartered or operated by a person who has been designated for the purposes of aviation sanction". READ MORE: Boris has masterplan to end UK gas and oil crisis The CAA can also terminate an aircraft registered in the UK if it is owned, chartered or operated by a Russian person or company. The decision follows an earlier ban on Russian planes in UK airspace that the Government imposed during the first week of Putin's invasion of Ukraine in line with nearly 30 countries blocking airlines from flying west over Europe. Mr Shapps said the aviation sector has played a crucial part "as the UK supports Ukraine in the fight against the Russian invasion". The UK, Ireland, Poland, Bulgaria, Romania, Slovenia, the Czech Republic and the Baltic states of Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia were the first to take the step on day three of Moscow's assault. Germany, Italy, France, Portugal, Spain, Norway and Finland joined, and shortly after, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said the whole bloc would adhere to the measure. Ukrainian leaders and civilians have been calling on Britain and the rest of NATO to enforce a no-fly zone. On Tuesday afternoon, in a moving address by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to MPs in the House of Commons, he said: "Please increase the pressure of sanctions against this country, and please recognise this country as a terrorist state. "And please make sure that our Ukrainian skies are safe. "Please make sure that you do what needs to be done and what is stipulated by the greatness of your country." DON'T MISSPriti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' in attack over Calais chaos [REPORT]Will Putin invade UK? Will there be war with Russia? [EXPLAINER]UK v EU's efforts to thwart Russia's invasion and defeat Putin [ANALYSIS] Along with other Western leaders, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has resisted the request, arguing it could lead to an escalation of the conflict. Daria Kaleniuk, a Ukrainian journalist, last week confronted the Prime Minister at a news conference as she passionately said: "Ukrainian women and Ukrainian children are in deep fear because of bombs and missiles which are coming from the sky. "The Ukrainian people are desperately asking for the West to protect our sky. We are asking for a no-fly zone." But a no-fly zone over Ukraine would mean military forces — NATO ones, specifically — would engage directly with any Russian planes spotted in those areas and, if necessary, shoot at them. And that would be a direct involvement with Russia in the war. Mr Johnson, in one of the instances in which he ruled out the enforcement of such a zone, said: "It's very, very important to understand that NATO is a defensive alliance. This is a time when miscalculation and misunderstanding is all too possible – and it's therefore crucial that we get that message over. "That does not mean that we cannot help our friends and that they do not have a right to self-defence and we can help them in that self-defence and that is what we are doing.