Barcelona are reportedly interested in signing Mohamed Salah this summer, but face the same problems that Liverpool are dealing with to agree a deal. The Reds have been locked in negotiations with Salah and his representatives over a new contract for months with the forward's wage demands still not being met by Liverpool. It's been claimed that Salah wants wages matching the likes of Kevin De Bruyne at £400,000-a-week with Liverpool so far reluctant to pay that figure. Jurgen Klopp has repeatedly stated he remains calm on the situation, but the summer transfer window is fast approaching. Salah will not be short of admirers should it become clear that he could be available in the transfer market. And Barcelona are one of the clubs interested in making a move, according to Spanish outlet Marca. The report states that both Salah and Robert Lewandowski are within Barcelona's budget with Joan Laporta keen to add a 'world-class scorer'. Erling Haaland has been the main target, but there are some on the board who are being 'realistic' about their chances of signing the Norway international. JUST IN: Liverpool 'tracking £33m ace' as they look to repeat Luis Diaz coup  Both Salah and Lewandowski are seen as top alternatives to Haaland, but deals for either player also present some difficulties for the Catalan club. It is claimed that Barcelona's 'salary limit' could prevent them from giving Salah or Lewandowski what they want. As it stands, Salah would only have one year left on his Liverpool contract when the summer transfer window opens. And while that may see the Egyptian forward available for a cut-price figure, he's unlikely to drop the wage demands he's currently made to Liverpool. The Reds are reluctant to break the wage structure in place which has yielded strong results on the field in recent years. Salah has been pivotal to that success and he wants to be rewarded for his efforts. DON'T MISS  Speaking last year, Salah admitted that his preference would be to stay at Anfield for the remainder of his career. “It doesn’t depend on me, but if you asked me I would love to stay until the last day of my football (career),” Salah told Sky Sports. “But I can’t say much about that, it’s not in my hands. It depends on what the club wants. It doesn’t depend on me. “At the moment, I can’t see myself ever playing against Liverpool. That would make me sad. It’s hard. I don’t want to talk about it, but it would make me really sad and at the moment I don’t see myself playing against Liverpool, but let’s see what will happen in the future.”