New research from the RAV has found 89 percent of 2,700 drivers think some or most car headlights are too bright. Meanwhile, 88 percent said they had been dazzled, effectively temporarily blinded, by headlights while on the road. A massive 63 percent of road users said they were getting dazzled more than a year or two with 23 percent claiming they were now being dazzled a lot more. RAC spokesman Rod Dennis said: “It’s clear that the problem of drivers being dazzled by the headlights of others isn’t going away, and in fact our research shows that a large proportion of drivers say they’re getting dazzled more regularly now than a year or two ago. “What’s more, and perhaps surprisingly, it’s younger drivers who are more likely to complain about glare which suggests the matter has little – if anything – to do with an individual’s eyesight. “There are a number of factors that contribute to whether a headlight dazzles another driver or not, the most important being the angle of the headlights as you look at them. READ MORE: Drivers hit with £100 fine for headlight failures “If they’re not angled properly – or the driver in the oncoming car has forgotten to dip their headlights – there’s every chance you’re going to get blinded. “Modern LED headlight technology may also have a part to play as the human eye reacts to the so-called ‘blue light’ from LEDs differently to the ‘yellow light’ of conventional halogen headlights.” The poll found a total of 64 percent of drivers said they believe headlight dazzle could cause other drivers to have accidents. DON'T MISSCar cleaning: The bathroom product that can leave headlights 'shining' [INSIGHT]Classic car owners to face new headlight MOT changes [ANALYSIS]Millions of vehicles driven illegally with faulty headlights [COMMENT] However, a massive 12 percent said it took more than six seconds for their eyes to clear. The RAC warns drivers would travel more than 40 car lengths in this time, suggesting the lights could be compromising road safety. Data from the poll shows 82 percent of road users would like something done to help reduce headlight glare. Young drivers are most likely to complain about brightness with 30 percent of those aged 17 to 34 believing lights are too bright. This compares to just 19 percent of road users aged 65 and over. Meanwhile, of the young drivers who believe the lights were too bright, 70 percent think the accident risk is increased. This falls to 62 percent among those aged 65 and above. Mr Dennis added: “This presents a real irony: the brighter and better your vehicle’s headlights are, the clearer your night-time view of the road ahead is, often it seems at the expense of anyone coming towards you. “The full intensity of your headlights – especially if they’re not angled down correctly – can cause oncoming drivers to momentarily glance away from the road or even be blinded for a few seconds. “In short, being dazzled isn’t just about discomfort, it also represents a significant road safety risk. “But while the apparent dazzling effect caused by headlights is a complicated one, it’s blindingly obvious just how many drivers want the issue looked into by the Government with a view to improving things for the future. “Despite the RAC first having flagged drivers’ concerns several years ago, we’re not aware anything at all has happened – which will no doubt be extremely disappointing to many drivers.”