The BBC programme, which features Tommy Walsh, expert cleaner Maxine Dwyer and carpenter Asher Edwards, is back as the trio transform more messy homes across the country. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Maxine has opened up about what she discovered while cleaning some of the houses. Maxine recalled one makeover where they had to clean and transform a young professional's home. The cleaner admitted that poor Tommy and Asher didn’t have the stomach for some of the projects as they both ended up retching. “You'll see that when the episodes come out,” Maxine explained. “It was the young professional's washroom where I had to put a special suit on, and I asked Ash if I could borrow a screwdriver to dig out the black stuff in the toilet. “With the young professionals, they were busy, and their rooms were immaculate.” READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? She continued: “But when it came to sharing [the cleaning] tasks, they didn't want to clean the bathrooms for example. “They didn't want to do that, and it was absolutely filthy. “It was a complete nightmare to film,” Maxine recalled. “I had to wear a Tyvek suit, that's how filthy it was.” Clean it, Fix it, which first aired last year, instantly became a hit with viewers as they watched the experts giving people’s houses a grand make-over. Maxine went on to explain their work schedule is tiring as they have to complete each job within a day. “We have one day and of course, you know how filming is, it's all stop and start,” Maxine said. “You have a break, then the rain comes, and we stop again. It's well crazy and tiring.” In a recent episode of Clean it, Fix it, the team travelled to North London to help Ian and Bex transform their home. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly red-faced as Mr Motivator demands apology [VIDEO]Tipping Point fans distracted by player's 'odd' name for machine [REACTION]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] The couple, who share three young children together, needed help with managing the space in their cramped three-bedroom house. In one day, the experts had to transform the living room from an overrun play area into a space fit for all the family. Whilst upstairs, they also took on the challenge of creating a multifunctional home office for Ian. As Tommy inspected the upstairs space, he pointed out: "I can see why it's not an ideal place to have a workstation. It's dark in here and the storage isn't the best." The builder got to work in the bedroom, while carpenter Asher decided to build the couple's children a chest to store all of their toys in. This left Maxine to begin her cleaning spree, and the expert began with the rug in the lounge. She told her co-star Tommy that she was going to jet-wash the rug in the garden. Maxine left the Ground Force star stunned as she explained: "[The rug] is 4,000 times dirtier than your toilet seat." When it came to the big reveal, both Ian and Bex were thrilled with the end result as they praised the trio for their hard work. Clean it, Fix it airs on Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One.