Cristiano Ronaldo and Harry Maguire could face a battle to save their Manchester United careers as interim manager Ralf Rangnick is apparently concerned the duo don’t have the ability to overcome adversity. The Red Devils have been dismal at times this season, with Ronaldo and Maguire often being slammed for their performances. There was plenty of excitement at Old Trafford last summer after United built a squad that was arguably good enough to challenge for title honours. Former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer then managed to persuade blockbuster forward Ronaldo to join the club for a second time in August as the player was prised away from Juventus. And things were looking good after Ronaldo scored a brace on his second debut for the club as United won four of their first five Premier League matches of the season. But the wheels fell off over the autumn as the 13-time Premier League champions suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes and fell well behind leaders Manchester City. Rangnick took the helm in November after Solskjaer was given his marching orders - but the German has overseen an indifferent run of results. JUST IN: Micah Richards responds to 'disrespectful' Roy Keane claim after derby   At the age of 37, Ronaldo doesn’t appear to be the player he once was, despite scoring 15 times since his return to England. And Maguire has been unconvincing all campaign. The Portugal international missed Sunday’s 4-1 thumping at the hands of City, while Maguire returned to the starting line-up after being left out for his side’s stalemate with Watford last weekend. The duo should be key players for the Manchester outfit but their apparent lack of mental strength could plunge their futures into doubt. According to ESPN, Rangnick thinks Scott McTominay and Luke Shaw are the only two players in his squad who are consistently able to overcome adversity despite Ronaldo being a senior figure in the dressing room and Maguire the club's captain. DON'T MISS Man Utd's £175m mistake is Rangnick's main problem - not Ronaldo Roy Keane calls out two Man Utd stars in Man City loss - 'Frustrating' Man City beat Man Utd: Four things we learned from derby clash    And that could explain why United have been off the pace in so many of their matches this campaign. Ronaldo wasn’t even in the country during his team’s showdown with Pep Guardiola’s men as he jetted off to Portugal after discovering he wouldn’t be fit enough to take to the field. And his actions reportedly surprised his team-mates. Maguire, meanwhile, appears to be losing the respect of his team-mates, with some supposedly taking exception to the fact Rangnick continues to select him despite his awful form.   The England international has captained the side for most of his United career but there is now uncertainly about whether he will keep that honour in the long-term. The Red Devils have been tipped to sign a world-class centre-back in the summer as a replacement for Maguire, while Ronaldo has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford. So the pair might not have many games left to prove they still have what it takes to play for the club. Furthermore, Gary Neville pointed out that Rangnick will be passing on information he's collected about the squad to the new manager and may not paint Ronaldo or Maguire in a good light. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 