The head of the foreign policy think tank Chatham House has said that improved relations with the EU will help to strengthen European security as well as indirectly support economic trade between the UK and the EU. According to the Guardian, Dr Robin Niblett has advised the UK to work “more formally with Brussels on foreign policy and defence, including issues such as cyber, intelligence and disinformation”.  Europe and other NATO countries have pulled together to impose harsh sanctions on Russia following Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, however, the impact of Brexit risks the UK being “excluded from deeper defence, industrial and technological cooperation within the EU”. Dr Niblett said: “The risk remains that allowing these areas of dispute and friction in the economic sphere to persist, and possibly fester, will undermine both sides’ desire to forge a closer relationship on foreign and security policy - as is now even more critical.” Dr Niblett has suggested the UK could “embed” itself, along with the US and Canada, in the “parallel processes to develop a new NATO ‘strategic concept’ and the EU’s ‘strategic compass’”.  He continued: “A more specific UK-EU dialogue on security could also emerge from the Russia-Ukraine crisis. “That could include the establishment of a sanctions review group that would ensure alignment on the timing and targets of sanctions, as well as conditions for their lifting.” He noted that the UK had been at the forefront of arming and training the Ukrainians, but had lagged behind in terms of providing aid, moral hypocrisy, human rights and economic performance.  READ MORE: GB News: Joe Biden slammed for ‘stepping into a potential minefield’ Boris Johnson was not invited to a meeting held last week with EU heads of government and Joe Biden on the possibility of further economic sanctions against Moscow, something Dr Niblett has described as “counterproductive”. He added: “Continuing to fuel a fractious relationship with this major neighbouring institution carries clear risks for the UK’s economy. “As a newly minted solo power that is still reintroducing itself on the world stage, justifiable accusations of double standards and evidence of hypocrisy will be deeply damaging. DON'T MISS:Putin rubbing hands as 'scared Europe losing financial war' [REVEAL]Abramovich says he was 'blind for hours' as 'skin peeled off face' [SPOTLIGHT]Ukraine War LIVE: Zelensky slams 'afraid' Macron at key turning point [LIVE UPDATES]  “There will be no more precious asset in the future for Britain’s influence in the world than a reputation for consistency.” A report recently released examines the implementation of the UK’s “year-old landmark integrated foreign and defence review”. It says that the Government’s “inconsistencies” on policies such as human rights and climate change have “opened the Government up to damaging accusations of hypocrisy and are out of step with the UK’s role as a champion of liberal democratic governance”. It also says that the UK has stepped back from tackling global health and poverty challenges over the past year due to aid cuts. 