Daniil Medvedev is facing a potential ban from 2022's remaining Grand Slam tournaments after the Ukrainian Tennis Federation president called for him to be kept out of competition. In the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Seva Kewlysch was adamant the Russian world No 1 should not play the French Open, Wimbledon or the US Open, where he is the current reigning champion. In the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, there have been calls for the men's and women's tours, the ATP and WTA, to make Russian and Belarusian tennis players 'neutral', stripping them of their flags and national anthems. The Internationa Tennis Federation has already suspended all tournaments in Russia and Belarus, and players including Elina Svitolina have been outspoken on the matter with the Ukrainian world No 15 refusing to play opponents from both countries unless they become neutral. The Ukrainian Tennis Federation wrote a letter to both the ITF and Tennis Europe over the weekend, asking for Russia and Belarus to be banned from team and individual events. "Russia and Belarus do not have the right not only to hold international competitions on their territory but also to participate in all ITF team and individual tournaments abroad," it read. JUST IN: Djokovic suffers major blow as sponsor breaks promise amid vaccine row  But the president of the UTF has now gone a step further, calling for the world No 1 player to be banned from the remaining three Grand Slam tournaments this year. Russia's Daniil Medvedev clinched the top spot of the rankings for the first time this week, ending the 18-year reign of Federer, Nadal, Djokovic and Murray at the top spot. After the ITF suspended all tournaments in Russia indefinitely, Seva Kewlysch called for Medvedev to be removed from the Grand Slams as tournaments independent of the ATP Tour. "Medvedev should not play at Roland Garros, Wimbledon and the US Open," he bluntly said, per AS. DON'T MISSAndy Murray coaching admission made as Brit struggles without mentorRaducanu faces race against time to prove fitness before Indian WellsAndy Murray tipped for Wimbledon success after French Open snub   As the ATP is an independent body to the ITF, Kewlysch said Medvedev should be allowed to compete on the tour as usual but not in the Majors, noting that the Russian would not occupy the top spot of the rankings without his performance at the Grand Slams, which include a US Open title win. He continued: "We will let Medvedev play the ATP Tour tournaments but the Grand Slams are ITF tournaments. "If you can't play them, you will never be number one. They would be ashamed to be kicked out of a competition now." After suspending tournaments in Russia indefinitely and cancelling all events in Belarus for 2022, the ITF hinted it was just the beginning of sanctions towards the two countries amid the conflict with Ukraine.  "This is a fast-evolving situation; we are in active discussion with the ITF tennis family and the ITF Board to decide and align around our next course of action," their statement from the weekend read. Medvedev himself has condemned the attacks and called for peace mutliple times in the last week. After reaching the top spot of the rankings, his first post on social media was a plea for the conflict to end. Speaking "on behalf of every kid in the world" he wrote: "That’s why I want to ask for peace in the world, for peace between countries. “Kids are born with inner trust in the world, they believe so much in everything: in people, in love, in safety and justice, in their chances in life. “Let’s be together and show them that it’s true, cause every kid shouldn’t stop dreaming.” 