Following reports of a fire raging in the city of Berdyansk, the Ukrainian military has said a ship belonging to Vladimir Putin's army has been destroyed in the Russian-occupied port. Named Orsk, the Alligator-class tank carrier could transport up to 20 tanks, 45 armoured personnel carriers and 400 paratroopers, according to Deputy Defence Minister Hanna Malyar, who told nation TV the military had hit a "huge target". Two other boats have been damaged, too. Ukraine's security service said: "At 7 am The Armed Forces of Ukraine destroyed a large landing ship Orsk of the occupying army near the seaport of Berdyansk. Two more ships were damaged. "Also, a 3,000-ton fuel tank was destroyed. The fire spread to the enemy's ammunition depot. Details of the damage inflicted on the occupier are being clarified." The Ukrainian Navy wrote on Facebook in a brief post: "A large paratrooper ship Orsk of the black sea fleet of occupiers was destroyed in the occupied Russian port Berdyansk. "Glory to Ukraine!" Berdyansk, which is west of the besieged port of Mariupol in the Avoz Sea, was seized four days into Russia's invasion of Ukraine. 370ft in size, it is also the biggest ship Ukrainian forces have struck since the start of the war – just three days after Russian state media filmed it having armoured vehicles unloaded from it, which were set to reinforce troops in nearby Mariupol. The Russian TASS news agency had described the arrival of the landing craft as "an epic event" that "opens up opportunities for the Black Sea in terms of logistics". It reported the Orsk could carry up to 1,500 tonnes of cargo. The destruction of the vessel comes amid an increasingly bleak scenario for Putin. On Wednesday, March 23, a day before the full-scale military conflict hit the one-month mark, NATO estimated 7,000 to 15,000 Russian troops had been killed. By way of comparison, Russia lost about 15,000 soldiers over 10 years in Afghanistan. According to a senior NATO military official speaking on condition of anonymity, the figures are based on information from Ukrainian authorities, data released by the Kremlin and intelligence collected from open sources. Russia has also lost 530 tanks, 1,597 armoured vehicles, 108 planes, 124 helicopters and 50 drones, Ukraine's General Staff of Armed Forces said.