Manchester United and Chelsea may face a battle to hold onto their players this summer, with reports suggesting Borussia Dortmund are planning a raid on the Premier League clubs. The Bundesliga outfit are close to sealing a deal for Red Bull Salzburg’s Karim Adeyemi and are lining up moves for Anthony Martial and Timo Werner. The German giants are hoping to sign teenage forward Adeyemi as a long-term replacement for Erling Haaland, who looks set to leave the club this summer. The Norwegian has a €75million (£63m) release clause that becomes active on July 1 and is wanted by Barcelona, Real Madrid and Manchester City. Dortmund are set to spend around £37m on capturing Adeyemi, a former target for Liverpool and Bayern Munich. And they will use the rest of the proceeds from Haaland’s potential sale to go shopping in the Premier League. According to 90Min, the club are keeping tabs on Martial’s situation with Manchester United. The Frenchman is currently on loan with La Liga outfit Sevilla until the end of the season. However, the 26-year-old has scored only one goal in nine appearances for the Spanish side and it appears unlikely he will earn a permanent switch to Spain this summer. That could open the door to a move to Dortmund, where Martial would have a better chance of regular first-team football. READ MORE: Barcelona to add £33.5m to transfer kitty in Salah and Haaland boost The France international is under contract until 2024 after penning a new deal under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But the signings of Jadon Sancho and Cristiano Ronaldo have altered his position with the Red Devils, and a bid in the region of £30m would be enough to convince Man United to sell. Another option would be to rescue Werner from his Chelsea nightmare. The former RB Leipzig star has scored only 19 goals in 80 appearances for the Blues, with only one goal in 14 Premier League outings this season. The 26-year-old has been frozen out by Thomas Tuchel this season, despite registering 27 goal contributions in his debut campaign in England with 15 goals and 12 assists. Tuchel has preferred to use Kai Havertz, Mason Mount and Romelu Lukaku — a £97.5m buy from Inter Milan — in his front three. DON'T MISSMan Utd boosted by Bayern 'complications' over star Rangnick lovesChelsea have 'hidden clause to re-sign Crystal Palace star Guehi'Haaland 'responds to Man City's mega £24m offer' amid Real Madrid link Werner spoke about his frustration of being under-utilised at Stamford Bridge this season after netting for Germany during the international break in the 2-0 win over Israel, with Tuchel likely to let him leave this summer if he requests a move. “There are differences in the style of play between football at Chelsea and here,” Werner said. "Maybe the one at the national team suits me better. Here, I always have scoring chances, I can score goals. I feel very comfortable here.” Dortmund may feel that Werner can rediscover his form if he returns to Bundesliga some two years after his £47.5m switch to west London. However, the forward is a popular figure with the fans and Chelsea are likely to demand a fee close to what they paid for him.