BT and Virgin Media are about to face some stiff competition with the UK's "best" broadband supplier announcing some major news. Zen Internet, which was recently crowned the top Internet Service Provider (ISP) by the experts at Which?, has just revealed plans to boost speeds in millions of homes across the UK, This update is all thanks to its partnership with CityFibre which is slowly rolling its speedy full-fibre network out across the country. If you weren't already aware, millions of homes are still connected to the web via ageing copper cables which can't keep pace with the growing needs of modern life. Full Fibre to the Premises (FTTP) solves this problem by bringing blisteringly quick internet right through the walls. Zen began its initial partnership with CityFibre back in 2020 with it offering super fast downloads in 30 locations across the UK. However, the expanded agreement will now enable Zen to boost this to around 285 cities, towns and locations by 2025. With so much of the UK still unable to get fast speeds this could be exactly what millions have been waiting for and it will also give BT's Openreach and Virgin Media some vital competition. Once the CityFibre upgrade arrives in homes, Zen is promising that it will be able to pump broadband into homes at speeds of around 900Mbps - that's around 12 times faster than the current UK average. At that rate you'd be able to download a full HD movie in under 40 seconds. Speaking about the news Paul Stobart, Chief Executive Officer at Zen, said: “We’re delighted to be working with CityFibre on delivering full fibre broadband to even more UK homes up and down the country. We’re seeing great consumer demand and interest in our early cities and are excited to ensure more homes can access an award-winning full fibre service at what is a pivotal time for connectivity in the home. By 2030 everyone will have made the switch and we are excited about the role Zen plays as an ultrafast pioneer to be a key enabler of early adoption." So how do Zens rivals compare when it comes to the rollout of faster fibre? Virgin Media announced last year that it now offers its superfast speeds in over 15 million homes with customers able to sign up for Gig1 broadband. This premium offering Virgin features downloads at speeds of over 1,000Mbps making it one of the fastest on the market. BT-owned Openreach is also investing heavily in its infrastructure with the company recently revealing that it's now trying to connect up to four million homes a year to quicker broadband. BT also says that it hopes to have 20m to 25 million properties hooked up to speedy full fibre by December 2026. “BT is already building more full fibre broadband to homes and businesses than anyone else in the UK. Today we are increasing our FTTP target from 20 million to 25 million homes and businesses to deliver further value to our shareholders and support the Government’s full fibre ambitions," said Philip Jansen, Chief Executive, BT Group. “This has three massive benefits: it allows us to go faster, beefing up our capacity to build fibre to households and businesses; it allows us to go further, getting fibre to more people including in rural communities, and; it will help fuel UK economic recovery, with better connectivity and up to 7,000 new jobs.”