Manchester United will have the chance to sign both Yves Bissouma and Youri Tielemans at a cut-price this summer, providing they wish to pursue a deal for either player. The Red Devils are expected to be in the hunt for at least one new central midfielder, while Paul Pogba's future could also trigger the signing of additional reinforcements. It's an area United have been looking to strengthen for the past two transfer windows but to no avail. The club have been priced out of a move for Declan Rice by West Ham, who are now set to demand close to £150million for their talismanic England international. United remain strongly interested in Rice but there's an appreciation that his price-tag is significantly inflated. There is also some suggestion he would favour a move to Chelsea - the club he supports - over Old Trafford. Now there are two new options in play in the form of Bissouma and Tielemans, who tick several boxes for United. READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee Bissouma is a player United scouts have monitored in recent seasons following his dramatic rise to prominence in the Premier League with Brighton. The Seagulls rejected a £35m offer from Aston Villa in January while Arsenal have also shown interest. Brighton have held firm though but that could change at the end of the season with Bissouma now heading into the final year of his contract. With talks yet to progress over a new deal, Graham Potter and the Amex hierarchy find themselves backed into a corner and pondering a sale. DON'T MISSMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attemptMan Utd 'have now interviewed two other candidates' in addition to Erik ten Hag Bissouma is the kind of ball-winning midfielder that United are beginning to crave, despite the sturdy progress of Fred and Scott McTominay under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. He could help elevate United's midfield to the next level and act as a long-term replacement for Nemanja Matic. Meanwhile, Tielemans has the kind of technical quality that makes him the perfect supporting act for Bruno Fernandes in the middle of the park. At the moment, United are seemingly over-reliant on their Portuguese playmaker when it comes to creating chances for the forwards. Tielemans has that final pass from deep and is also used to bossing games for Leicester, who will also look to cash in on the Belgian this summer. The former Monaco and Anderlecht man is yet to sign a new contract at the King Power Stadium and has aspirations of Champions League football, something United must look to secure. Leicester are seemingly willing to accept close to £25m in the coming months to avoid losing their maestro on a free transfer further down the line. At that price, the 24-year-old would represent exceptional value for money. Should Pogba leave, United need to find an all-rounder capable of filling the Frenchman's void and Tielemans has the attributes to step up if the World Cup winner departs. Both players would represent sensible signings given they have already proven their worth in the Premier League with Brighton and Leicester, respectively. Now they are looking to make the next step in their career and their profile suggests they have all the tools to deliver.