It is astonishing that most Brits seem unaware that their own head of state, their commander-in-chief, Queen Elizabeth II is the head of state and commander-in-chief of many countries across the globe, including Australia, Canada and New Zealand, Britain’s closest allies alongside the United States. Indeed, the drive for CANZUK – a movement to bring Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the UK together – is well-established. That said, the CANZUK concept could well be extended to all ‘Commonwealth Realms’ (countries which have the Queen as head of state) including Jamaica and the Bahamas. But the idea has taken a battering of late. Two recent events in particular have crushed the hopes of CANZUK champions. One, was the loss inflicted on Canada’s Conservatives in that country’s recent general election which saw the resignation of Canadian Tory leader and CANZUK champion, Erin O’Toole. Two, was the decision by Barbados to become a republic. Now as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge embark on a regional tour, opposition voices have been raised to the monarchy in both Belize and Jamaica. The latter is especially significant, being the major Caribbean Commonwealth Realm. If reports are to be believed, plans are already underway to ditch the monarchy. According to the Independent, the Jamaica government has begun the process of removing the Queen as head of state with a figure appointed ostensibly to oversee the country’s transition to a republic. Meanwhile, Good Morning Britain’s North America correspondent Noel Phillips, says he’s heard rumblings that Jamaica will begin to remove its ties to the monarchy as soon as soon as the Duke and Duchess leave. Just a few years ago, the Jamaica Gleaner – a major national newspaper in the country – reported that nearly half of Jamaicans wanted their country to remain a UK colony. What has changed since then? Some point to the Black Live Matter movement, others to the Windrush scandal, and others to China. But what is perhaps most astonishing in all of this is what it reveals about the UK in its muted response. Yes, the decision is ultimately up to Jamaicans and Barbadians, but that shouldn’t stop the UK from attempting to build bridges, mount a charm offensive and restore ties across the Commonwealth? This isn’t so much about royal visits as the response from the UK Government. These countries have been part of the UK’s wider family for hundreds of years. Now post-Brexit, the UK seems happy to sever all links. What if Australia, Canada and New Zealand follow this path once the Queen dies? What does it say about the global reach and vision of Britain if it cannot be bothered to retain the bonds with its cherished Commonwealth cousins? It will confirm every Remainer trope if the UK instead decides to turn in on itself, and ignore all the abundant opportunities and potential of its global links. This is the stupidity of the whole thing. The UK has a ready-made alternative to the EU yet will not take the initiative. Can we imagine that if the King of Spain was still the monarch of much of Latin America that Spain would have thrown its lot in with the EU? Or would turn its back on Latin America either? The relationship the UK has with the Commonwealth is special. Combined the Realms would represent the world’s third-largest economy and largest land area. A unified Commonwealth could be what the EU never could be, a community of peoples united by language, history and values. What does it say about the UK, about post-Brexit Britain, if it cannot even maintain its Commonwealth and Anglosphere ties? It demonstrates a country happy in decline and willing itself into relegation, without even the kind of superstar manufacturing base to fall back on like Germany and Japan have. If the last few weeks have taught us anything, it is that sticking as close as possible with like-minded countries is crucial to national survival. Why then is the UK barely raising a murmur to the prospect of the disintegration of the Commonwealth family?