The alleged offences are reported to have taken place between January and February last year when Couzens was a Metropolitan Police officer. Rosemary Ainslie, Head of the CPS Special Crime Division, said: "Following a referral of evidence by the Metropolitan Police, the CPS has authorised four charges of indecent exposure against Wayne Couzens. "He will appear at Westminster Magistrates’ Court on 13 April."Ms Everard was raped and killed in March last year.Couzens is serving a whole-life sentence for her abduction, rape and murder. In a statement, the Met said officers were authorised to charge Couzens, 49, with four counts of indecent exposure. The Met said the charges relate to a series of alleged sexual offences in Swanley, Kent, including on Valentine's Day last year. Other dates of alleged indecent exposure include between January 22 and February 1 as well as between January 30 and February 6 in addition to February 27.  READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN SIGNALLING AN IMMINENT CLIMBDOWN Ms Ainslie said: "The function of the CPS is not to decide whether a person is guilty of a criminal offence, but to make fair, independent and objective assessments about whether it is appropriate to present charges to a court to consider. "Criminal proceedings are active and nothing should be published that could jeopardise the defendant's right to a fair trial." Ms Everard disappeared walking home from a visit to a friend’s house in south London.   DON'T MISS: BBC Question Time audience member blasts Tory MP over refugee policy [REVEALED] P&O sacks 800 workers by video as captain locks out cheaper staff [LATEST] Tory MP U-turns on Boris support as country faces ‘national emergency' [REPORT] Her disappearance led to a huge search with Couzens arrested six days later in Kent. Ms Everard’s remains were found in woodland near Ashford, Kent.  Couzens used his warrant card and handcuffs to kidnap Ms Everard, using COVID-19 lockdown rules as a guise for her arrest. His crimes dealt a shattering blow to the reputation of the UK’s biggest force with questions raised over the Met Police's handling of the case. 