Nigel Farage was furious over the sacking of 800 P&O staff, which he blamed on a failure from the Government to deliver on its Brexit pledge. Mr Farage insisted leaving the European Union should have ensured workers could not be undercut by foreign labour. The former Brexit Party leader branded P&O's conduct a "disgrace" and urged the Government to act immediately to avoid any such further situations from repeating after pointing out a similar accident had already happened in Ireland in 2005. The GB News host said: "It’s perfectly clear that under UK employment law he should have consulted with the unions, he didn’t and it’s done. "But the idea in Brexit Britain (that) British workers should be undercut in this way by foreign workers is a disgrace. “This happened to Irish ferry companies back in 2005 when Irish workers were sacked and replaced by cheap foreign labour. “We need to do something to honour the pledge to the British people under the Brexit vote that this cannot go on.” JUST IN: 'We're being ignored!' Dublin furious at UK playing Brexit hardball over new visa rules P&O chief Peter Hebblethwaite admitted the company had broken the law by failing to consult with the unions before firing all the staff. Questioned on whether he was concerned that he was in breach of his legal obligations as a company director, Mr Hebblethwaite said: "So as I say, I completely throw our hands up, my hands up, that we did choose not to consult. "We did not believe there was any other way to do this to compensate people in full." Asked if he would make the same decision again with the benefit of hindsight, Mr Hebblethwaite replied: "We weren't viable before, and I know that if we hadn't made radical changes the business would have closed." READ MORE: 'He'll be swept away' Backlash as Boris hit with major Biden trade deal snub  Questioned on whether he was concerned that he was on breach of his legal obligations as a company director, P&O Ferries chief executive Peter Hebblethwaite said: "So as I say, I completely throw our hands up, my hands up, that we did choose not to consult. "We did not believe there was any other way to do this to compensate people in full." Mr Hebblethwaite also told MPs that Transport Secretary Grant Shapps was informed by P&O Ferries' owner DP World that the company would be changing its business model on November 22 last year. Asked if Mr Hebblethwaite was "lying" about this, Mr Shapps told Sky News: "I've sent the note, actually, from the meeting in November, which was with a parent company - DP World - when I was at World Expo, where they simply said the competition's very tough, the conditions are very tight ... and they'll be looking at the shape of their business. "I've actually sent the formal civil service note of that meeting. "I think we can all see that what they're trying to do is distract attention. The fact of the matter is that they needed to give 45 days' notice to ministers, in fact to the Secretary of State for Business, if you're making these kinds of redundancies. DON'T MISS:Putin 'clearing his conscience' after cancer diagnosis claims [INSIGHT]'This is huge' Putin faces 'biggest defeat' yet [ANALYSIS]Biden to snub trade deal over 'blood, sweat and tears' [REACTION] "They did not do that, they did not provide the notice." Asked when he first became aware of the crisis at P&O, he said: "I was actually stood at the despatch box on Thursday when news started to come out about it. "For completeness, I should say that the night before I was informed by my office that there'd be another round of redundancies at P&O. "But P&O have made redundancies in the normal way in the past, including particularly during coronavirus, and so that in itself, whilst obviously really unfortunate - if they'd gone through the normal consultation process, worked with the workers, worked with the unions, we wouldn't be sitting here where we are today."