Stanley Tucci revealed he felt like he had a second lease of life following his diagnosis of cancer in 2018. Prior to his diagnosis, Stanley spent two years living with extreme pain in his jaw. The actor went under a 35-day radiation treatment with an additional seven days of chemotherapy. After the cancer was successfully taken care of, Stanley revealed the annoying side effect he was worried about getting. Stanley revealed he "wasn't afraid of dying" when he was first diagnosed with cancer - it was the loss of taste and smell that was his biggest worry. "I wasn’t afraid of dying, I was afraid I’d never be able to taste food properly again," he revealed. "My biggest fear was that I’d never be able to enjoy cooking, or meeting with friends for dinner, or sharing a meal with my family again." When undergoing a high dose of radiation and chemotherapy, losing the sense of taste and smell is a common side effect. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview Stanley recently aired a new BBC programme, Stanley Tucci: Searching for Italy, which sees him travel round his home and share his favourite flavours. Whilst his show was a hit with BBC viewers, he also revealed to Radio Times that his illness meant the filming process wasn't always as fun as it looked. “My sense of taste was coming back but you lose your saliva too so swallowing is difficult, I don’t think I’ll ever be back to 100 per cent. "I can’t just go grab a sandwich casually, but while filming, it would take me 10 times longer than normal to chew a mouthful." Prior to his diagnosis, Stanley was living with an awful pain in his jaw and told Vanity Fair that the scan hadn't picked up on the lump. "I had a scan, but the scan missed it. And of course, when you think that there might be something wrong, you're also afraid that there is something wrong. "They couldn't do surgery because the tumour was so big. It's a miracle that it didn't metastasise. It had been in me so long." During his battle with cancer, Stanley lost two stone as his therapy left him unable to eat solid foods for six months. DON'T MISS...Stanley Tucci recipe: Actor shares how to make cocktail with a twist [INSIGHT]Stanley Tucci health: Star lost taste during treatment for disease [LATEST]Stanley Tucci health: 'It was bad' - star's battle with cancer [WATCH] During a recent interview with Good Morning Britain, he admitted: "It’s taken really three years to get back to almost normal. "That said, it’s a small price to pay for being alive and being able to enjoy the company of my family." Stanley now lives cancer-free and often praises the help and support of his wife, Felicity Blunt. "Felicity's undying attention, affection and encouragement got me through it, she was my rock through it all," he said. Season one of Searching for Italy was a massive hit with BBC viewers as they got to take a look inside not only Italy but also Stanley's personal life. However, he recently revealed that season two of the show had been delayed due to the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia. He said in an Instagram post of himself along Venice's grand canal: "Due to the situation in Ukraine, season two of Stanley Tucci: Searching For Italy will be delayed and will premiere later this spring." Although fans were devastated they would have to wait a little longer than anticipated, they understood fully due to the circumstances. Stanley Tucci: Searching for Italy is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.