Amanda Holden, 51, suffered a slip up earlier today as she posed for a picture in a red dress. The Britain’s Got Talent judge had logged onto Instagram to share a new update with her 1.8 million followers. In a Boomerang post could be seen perched on top of a table kicking her leg up in the air while wearing a midi red dress with matching stilettos. She captioned the video: “Insta V Reality.” (sic) However, behind the scenes the shots was not as elegant as the TV personality suffered a blunder while trying to get off the table. In a follow-up post, Amanda could be seen scrambling to get down as the table wobbled underneath her. The clip was captioned: “Nana,” alongside a laughing emoji. Amanda seemed amused by the situation and could be seen smiling despite the ordeal. The radio host recently marked her 51st birthday with a star-studded party. Guests at the glamorous bash included Pussycat doll Ashley Roberts, presenter Sian Welby and After Life star Tracy-Ann Oberman. The glitzy event took place at upmarket London restaurant, Isabel Mayfair. For the occasion, Amanda wore a sparkling black suit and matching bra. She also opted to have her hair up in a bubble ponytail and complemented it with dramatic smokey eye makeup. Amanda accessorised the look with a pair of curtain earrings and a chic black purse. DON'T MISS‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award [LATEST]Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurab... [INSIGHT]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [NEWS] She kept fans updated throughout her special evening with a series of Instagram posts. She captioned her posts: "Belated London birthday celebrations underway.” The TV presenter also used the hashtag “GirlsOnTheTown”. Amanda was surprised with an unusual birthday cake that made reference to her birthday photoshoot. The impressive cake was modelled from her cleavage in a black leather bra. Amanda uploaded to Instagram a series of snaps showing the cake as she confessed she could “hardly bear to cut into it.” She captioned the post: “This incredible cake created by @sebastianwildcakes. “A work of art...could hardly bear to cut into it.”