London Mayor Sadiq Khan announced that its Ultra Low Emission Zone could be expanded to cover all London boroughs in 2023 to address air pollution concerns. Mr Khan did acknowledge that smart road user charging would be the fairest solution to tax drivers in the future. This would enable existing road user charges to be scrapped. However, Transport for London is still many years away from being able to implement such a scheme. In the announcement, the Mayor ruled out the Clean Air Charge and the Greater London Boundary Charge as potential options moving forward. A 2019 report from the Centre For London, advised the Mayor to “develop options for a new distance-based road user charging scheme”. READ MORE: Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' This would charge drivers per mile and apply in areas of high demand and poor air quality. Rates would vary by vehicle class and emissions, local levels of congestion and pollution and the availability of public transport alternatives. The report claimed that a pilot scheme could be deployed inside the existing Congestion Charge zone. It would rely on accurate GPS data and 5G network connectivity to operate the system. DON'T MISSThousands sign petition to block 'unacceptable' ULEZ expansion [INSIGHT]Elderly drivers should have a medical check ‘every two years’ [WARNING]New car tax zone could see drivers hit with fines up to £480 [SHOCKING] This comes as many rural drivers are concerned they could be hit hardest with a “pay per mile” road taxation system. Previously, a committee of MPs said roads pricing is the only viable option to replace the current road tax and fuel duty, which bring in £35billion a year for the Government. Electric vehicles are exempt from road tax and as more motorists switch over, its tax income is expected to fall. There have been suggestions that an allowance of miles could be used. One proposal, which has been backed by AA President Edmund King, would allow all drivers to have 3,000 “free” miles. Drivers in urban areas would receive the 3,000 miles, while motorists in rural areas would be given an extra 1,000 miles per year. After this allowance, drivers would pay per mile in different bands. Speaking at the time, Mr King added: “Transport patterns won’t be the same in life after lockdown, according to drivers.” The RAC said last year that eventually a road pricing system "would probably use vehicle tracking technology to monitor how much we drive". It is hoped that this would allow drivers to manage their miles, prompting them to think about the journeys they make. Any potential change would also point drivers towards using electric cars, noting the benefit to the environment.