Lewis Hamilton has called Max Verstappen “ruthless” ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix as he looks back on his rivalry with the Dutchman last season. In another swipe at Verstappen, the seven-time champion even claimed the “line is crossed every now and then” on track. Hamilton missed out on the 2021 title by the barest of margins after Verstappen overtook him on the final lap of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. The pair came together at several points during the season, most notably accidents at the British, Italian and Saudi Arabian Grands Prix. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “For me and Max when we see each other in the paddock, things are normal. We are two individual drivers… we have a lot in common in the sense of how much we love doing what we do, driving. “But on the other side, we’re ruthless. He is ruthless. That’s what you have to be but hopefully with a bit of compassion, right. “Some days we get it right, some days we get it wrong. But I think what's really important is when we get back out we’re human beings and we do keep respect. READ MORE: Christian Horner has Lewis Hamilton fear despite Mercedes issues “The line is crossed every now and then but I'm a lot older so it's a little bit easier to get over those things.” Max Verstappen has fired a series of comments against Hamilton this weekend in Bahrain. Verstappen had little sympathy when he was asked if he felt bad for Hamilton for missing out on the title. Speaking to the BBC, he said: “I think I’ve already commented on that before. “Which can heal the pain a little bit more is he’s won already seven.” After yesterday’s qualifying session where Verstappen finished second, he was asked if he was disappointed Mercedes were a long way back. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and Russell's main problem highlighted by Coulthard [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton defended by George Russell amid rivalry claims [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen tipped to be F1's first billionaire over Lewis Hamilton [COMMENT] He jokingly replied “very” before walking off after his post-session interview. Any chance of a second title battle between the pair is currently on hold as Mercedes struggles for performance. Hamilton could only manage fifth in qualifying with his team-mate George Russell in ninth. Hamilton even admitted Mercedes would not be challenging for wins on the opening part of the season and warned the teams ahead were in “another league”.