Emmerdale, which usually airs at 7pm from Monday to Friday, has been pulled from the TV schedule on Tuesday night. Instead, viewers will be able to watch Peterborough United play against Manchester City in the FA Cup. Fans may not get to tune in to watch the ITV soap on Tuesday but were treated to a double bill on Monday night. Emmerdale isn't the only programme that has been affected by the football, as BBC soap EastEnders will not air either. However, fans don't need to worry, as the ITV soap will resume as usual on Wednesday at 7pm. The FA Cup will also continue after Emmerdale has aired at 7.30pm, and will see Liverpool play against Norwich City. Despite airing Tuesday's episode on Monday, some soap fans were not happy about the change in the TV schedule. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? Many took to social media to comment on the soap shake-up. Reshma raged: "These football needs to go back to the main channels like sky sports instead of taking over BBC one and ITV we need to watch @emmerdale and @bbceastenders #Emmerdale #Eastenders." (sic) Emily penned: "Not Impressed Tonight's episode was aired last night Football should be on a separate channel!! #emmerdale." (sic) While user @McWhiskers added: "Tomorrow no #Emmerdale due to football - so what's on BBC1?Football! What are the sports channels for?" Commenting on the change on Monday night, user @Zombie explained: "Enjoy an hour tonight girls and boys as it’s bloody football all week." In recent weeks, Emmerdale viewers have been eagerly waiting for Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) to get justice for her crimes. The evil nurse has been arrested by police over the death of Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon). She also left Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale) to die in a burning maze, and she pushed Leanna Cavanagh (Mimi Slinger) off a bridge. DON'T MISS...'Get out!' Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy walk off Sunday Brunch [VIDEO]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [SPOILERS] During Monday's double bill, vicar Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin), went to see Meena in prison. The killer tried to repent for her sins to the vicar, although, she ended up taunting him over his ex-girlfriend, Andrea's death. "Thank you, I know it can't be easy for you hearing my confession," Meena began. The vicar replied: "Just because you say the words doesn't mean you believe them. For all I know you might be getting a kick out of what you've done." "I am laying my soul bare here," she continued. "For all I know, you could be running straight to the police." "I am bound by confidentiality, whatever you tell me it is bound between me, you and God," Charles told her. "It's not just about the lives you killed," he added before Meena raged: "I told you, poor Ben was in self-defence." "You're really going to keep lying? What about Liam having to bury his own daughter?" the vicar asked. "Millie growing up about her mum." The killer taunted: "I am not sure you could handle the truth." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.