Kylian Mbappe seems to have been caught whispering a mysterious message to Manchester United star Paul Pogba while the pair are away on France duty. Both players are facing uncertain futures at their respective clubs as the summer transfer window edges closer. Mbappe has been in sensational form this season, with the 23-year-old scoring 15 goals from 26 Ligue 1 matches while clocking up 10 assists along the way. He was also impressive in the Champions League this term, netting six goals from eight games prior to their elimination at the hands of Real Madrid earlier this month. In recent weeks, however, PSG’s campaign has unravelled. The defeat to Madrid at the Bernabeu was a nightmare for everybody linked to the Ligue 1 titans, especially as Mbappe’s second goal of the tie had put them 2-0 up on aggregate following his effort in the first leg. Karim Benzema then struck three times without reply to send Los Blancos through, rocking their fellow European giants in the process. To make matters worse for PSG, they’ve been unconvincing in the short time since. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Though they beat Bordeaux, the afternoon was soured after fans turned on Lionel Messi and Neymar - jeering the pair from the stands. And PSG then slipped to a crushing 3-0 defeat to Mbappe’s former club Monaco, who emerged victorious courtesy of a brace from Wissam Ben Yedder and an effort from Kevin Volland. Now, while away on international duty, Mbappe appears to have been caught telling Pogba that he’s ‘fed up’ in Spanish. This was picked up by Twitter user @gwirl_m from the France national team’s official Twitter account after they uploaded a video of the pair having a conversation. Other than that, it was all smiles. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Olivier Giroud and Antoine Griezmann shared a big hug, while Raphael Varane and N’Golo Kante also clasped hands. What Mbappe was supposedly referring to is unclear. But both his and Pogba’s futures are currently up in the air, with their contracts due to expire at the end of the season. Mbappe is widely expected to leave Real Madrid, with PSG struggling to get their talisman to pen a new deal. Pogba, meanwhile, is attracting interest from Real, Barcelona, PSG and Juventus as his time at Manchester United ticks down. Speaking last month, when PSG were still in the Champions League, Mbappe insisted he hadn’t made a final decision on his future. “I’ve not decided my future,” he said. “I play for Paris Saint-Germain, one of the best clubs in the world. “How to ignore the [transfer] context? It’s easy, you have to play football. “We ask too many questions, we say too many things. We talk about PSG and Real, two big clubs. “I’m a PSG player, I’m always very happy.” Pogba has been silent on his future. Yet his controversial agent, Mino Raiola, said earlier in the season that there was a chance his client would go to Juventus. “Juventus? Paul still loves Turin,” he said. “There’s a chance that Pogba will return to Juventus, yes – but it also depends on Juventus’ plans.”