With just a few lifestyle choices and beauty and skincare products, PR strategist Brenda Gabriel looks almost half her age. While Brenda has admittedly hit the gene jackpot, her mother with flawless skin and her 70-year-old dad with no grey hair, the mum of three has a few secrets up her sleeve which keep her looking and feeling youthful. Brenda exclusively told Express.co.uk: “I'm actually a little bit like Cameron Diaz because I don't wash my face every day. “As you get older, it tends to dry out a little bit more, so now what I do is oil cleansing”. Washing her face twice only a week, Brenda generally goes for a product from Codex, or strips it back even further by rubbing her skin with olive or jojoba oil before rinsing it off. As for the opinion that oil makes the skin break out: “It’s a total lie, especially when you’re getting older. It’s one of the best things to clean your face with.” READ MORE: Kate and William will 'be playing by Meghan's rules' in the US She also swears by one brand of skincare: “The Ordinary changed my life.” Her “hero products” include ‘Buffet’ Multi Technology Peptide Serum, Alpha Arbutin Hyaluronic Acid, and Resveratrol Serum. As for her diet, Brenda has learnt the importance of a protein rich diet, so enjoys a protein shake every so often, as well as a green smoothie every other day. In terms of exercise, she admitted she’s more interested in listening to her body than hitting the gym for hours each day, and urged others to adopt the same mindset. “Don’t feel bad if you’re not into meditating or you’re not really into exercise because I’m not really into any of those things at this stage of my life. “Mindfulness is really important, connecting with your body and getting to a stage where, if you’re stressed out because you’ve snapped at your children or something, you know when to walk away from a situation.” While she does incorporate exercise into her life, she focuses more on tapping into her own energy. She explained: “Sitting in the bath and having a glass of wine makes me feel great because I feel like I'm having a really luxurious experience. And that feels better to me than forcing myself to go for a run every other day.” Brenda also treats herself with care and compassion, which in turn keeps her looking and feeling young, as she’s less stressed. “When you're younger you tend to power through things, but yesterday I was going to deliver a course and I had to message them to say, ‘I'm really sorry, I'm just not well’. I could probably struggle through it. But I didn’t want to and I wouldn't have been my best anyway. “And I just went to bed and forgot everything I needed to do so that I could focus on feeling better.” Burning the candle at both ends is a sure-fire way to age oneself prematurely: “You don’t get anywhere by constantly pushing yourself”. With just a few simple strategies, Brenda has found herself being mistaken for her 23-year-old’s son’s partner, and is continually met with complete shock when strangers discover her age. “We were walking down the street in Turkey, my son and I, and my partner was behind us with the two younger kids. “People were asking my son if I was his girlfriend and he just rolled his eyes as if to say, ‘Here we go again’. It’s happened more than once.” It’s unsurprising that people think that Brenda is in her twenties, as she has a self-proclaimed “eclectic” sense of style. “I like to say classic but with a with a hint of trends. “I'm one of those people who hates plain black. If you see me wearing something plain black, it's because there's something very different about it, like a PVC leather dress with pleats, or a black lace dress. “I personally don’t think you should allow your age to dictate what you're going to wear. The most important thing is to always go out of your way to feel good.” While she has occasionally been on the receiving end of patronising comments by people who assume she must be young and inexperienced at work, overall Brenda loves her youthful appearance. ”I embrace looking younger because it makes me feel like I've got a lot more mileage in me.” As for growing older, Brenda said while she would never say never to receiving cosmetic treatment, she hopes to navigate her 50s and beyond naturally. “There's a part of me that does worry about what I will look like as I get older. I'm hoping that I will want to grow old gracefully. It’s a fact of life. I'd like to think that I would embrace that.”