Bridgerton became a worldwide hit in 2020 after it landed on Netflix and immediately took the number one spot on the streaming platform's most-watched list for months. Viewers are eagerly awaiting the release of season two, which is set to drop on Netflix on March 25. With the season bringing new characters, it will also see the downfall of Lady Whistledown (played by Nicola Coughlan). Ahead of its release, Coughlan teased it won't be plain sailing for the character. Joining The One Show hosts Lauren Laverne and Jermaine Jenas on Tuesday night, Nicola spoke about how well she had kept the characters' secrets this time around. She proudly said: "I've been much better this series at not telling them [friends and family] stuff, so they have seen a little bit of it and they are like, 'ah' and I was like, 'I know, wasn't I good for not telling you?'" Excited by the new season and what is to come, Jermaine asked: "Well, we all know who you are, Lady Whistledown. "But is anybody else, I know that your friend Eloise (Claudia Jessie) was getting really close to finding out it was you." READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? Hinting at a downfall for Whistledown, Nicola teased: "It gets quite hairy for her this time around, and you sort of see behind the curtain and see how she is getting away with it. "She has this sort of alter ego, shall we say that she used to get away with things, so it was so fun, and I always say that it is like her drag queen persona. "Lady Whistledown, she gets to pretend to be someone else, so yeah, it was so much fun." In season one, Daphne Bridgerton (Pheobe Dynevor) devised a plan to create a fake relationship with Simon Basset (Rege-Jean Page) but the pair ended up falling deeply in love. Their blissful relationship didn't last long as it was embroiled with accusations and scandals, most of which came from Lady Whistledown. Lady Whistledown is the pseudonym of Penelope Featherington, who is best friends with Eloise Bridgerton and loves to have gossip and create drama. Following along from Nicola's revelation that things get "hairy" for Lady Whistledown, the trailer for season two sees Queen Charlotte (Golda Rosheuvel) call for her to be entrapped for her "crimes". It wasn’t until the finale of season one that fans finally found out Lady Whistledown’s true identity as the character was narrated by Julia Andrews. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton's Nicola Coughlan talks fears of ‘having nothing’ [INSIGHT]Bridgerton's Anthony star details rules for sex scenes on Netflix  [LATEST]Bridgerton season 2: Lady Whistledown downfall 'sealed' in trailer? [WATCH] There is no doubt that Eloise will be crushed by the revelations that her best friend is the one writing the hurtful things about her sister, so will Lady Whistledown admit the truth? Whilst talking to Lauren and Jermaine, Nicola also revealed some trouble she had on set and behind the scenes of filming the first series. Jermaine stated: "We have seen the outfits they are incredible, but is it right that you had a little problem putting the heels on the show?" Nicola blushed and explained: "Oh just a tad, the costume designer in season one when she saw me was like, 'You're tiny, you're too small. We are going to put you in heels'. "I was just terrified to get fired because I couldn't believe my luck of getting the job, and I said, 'yes absolutely'. If they're like, 'you have to wear a giant clown suit', I would be like, 'I would love that - yes please'. "So I agreed to wear these crazy heels, and then on my first day on set, we were walking around, and I toppled over not once, not twice but three times. "I thought, 'They are going to think I am drunk, they're going to think I am crazy', but yeah, they very quickly realised that was a no-go, so no more heels for Penelope sadly." Bridgerton season 1 is available to stream on Netflix, with season 2 available to watch from March 25.