Camilla Parker Bowles and Prince Charles begin a state visit to Ireland today, with public engagements taking place on Thursday and Friday. The location of the visits has not been released for security reasons. However, it is believed the heir and his wife will visit places they are interested in and passionate about, from heritage, farming, gardens, architecture, equestrian sport, arts, crafts and community development. Camilla has become a key member of the Royal Family since marrying Charles in 2005. Although Charles and the other members of the Firm attract most of the attention, Camilla's son and daughter Tom Parker Bowles and Laura Lopes, do regularly appear in the media. In November,Tom shared a rare look inside his house in West London during a remote interview on Loose Women. While Camilla will be used to traditional decor, Tom's contemporary kitchen surprised many with its ultra-modern layout, including a stainless steel extractor fan and white cupboards. Next to the cooking area, his workspace had a Mac computer and a packed bookshelf. Towards the back of the house, a set of patio doors can be seen, as well as a spiral staircase leading to the first floor of the building. The staircase was accompanied by a light pendant. Tom has become known for his cookery expertise, having written five cookbooks and won an award for his writings on British food in 2010. He has also presented a number of food shows and regularly appears on MasterChef. In 2013, disaster struck when he was evacuated from his Bayswater home after a fire broke out. He took shelter in a neighbour's home with his wife Sara and two children, and said the incident had brought out the "best of British" spirit. He said: "It must have been about 1.30am when officers came in to get us all out. The kids were still in their pyjamas. READ MORE: Camilla's new role is huge hint Meghan will never return to duties "We have some very nice neighbours who took us in after we were evacuated. "The police and fire brigade were exemplary. I really cannot praise them enough. They did a perfect job. "Incidents like this really do bring out the best of British. "We've been able to go back and pick up some essentials but we won't be able to return until tonight." Laura, Camilla's daughter, is reportedly set to inherit two stately homes despite not being a royal. Her husband, Harry Lopes, 44, who she married in 2006, is the grandson of Massey Lopes, 2nd Baron Roborough. DON'T MISS Camilla health update: Duchess suffering from 'long Covid' [INSIGHT] Prince William prepares for reig monarch 'apprenticeship' with Queen [ANALYSIS] Kate and William wield 'considerably greater' soft power than Charles [INSIGHT] He is in line to one day inherit Gnaton Hall in Devon and Skelpick Estate in the Scottish Highlands, a Grade II listed country house boasting five acres of glorious gardens. Inside, large sash windows with glazing bars adorn the walls on the ground floor, while a huge splayed bay window in the front drawing room. The central doorway has a massive Doric porch panelled with double doors and a rectangular fanlight. Skelpick Estate benefits from being on the River Naver with two holiday homes on site. It is well known for its abundance of wildlife with wild salmon, red deer and pheasants all seen on the grounds. Camilla and Charles will move to Buckingham Palace when he becomes king, but for now, remain at Clarence House.