Star Trek Picard is number eight in the franchise and it first aired on CBS and Amazon Prime Video in 2020 as part of the expanded universe. The series follows Jean-Luc Picard (played by Patrick Stewart) after he retired from Starfleet. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who has been cast for season two. Guinan will be appearing in Picard for the first time as the character originally featured in The Next Generation. She has acted as an adviser to Picard and the rest of the crew and has a history with antagonist Q. Fans may finally get to learn how Guinan became to be the person she is through the conflict with Q. She is played by Whoopi Goldberg, an award-winning actress known for her roles in Sister Act and The Color Purple. READ MORE: Star Trek Picard's Patrick Stewart teases season 2 Picard change Laris is Picard's Romulan housekeeper who was a guest star in the first series. She is played by Orla Brady, an Irish theatre and TV actress known for her roles in Mistresses and Into the Badlands. The star posted a photo of herself in costume on Instagram, with the message: "Laris asked for a Jameson but deeply suspects they gave her a Saurian brandy instead. "I think the phrase ‘cheeky f*****s’ would be appropriate here." Q's appearance was teased at the end of the first season and fans went wild at the news. At least two time shifts have been seen in the trailers and he is likely to take on Picard in a deadly encounter. He is played by John de Lancie, a 73-year-old American actor, producer and writer who has starred as Q in a number of Star Trek films and series. The star has also featured in The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest and Trial and Error.  Seven appeared in the first season of Picard but not as a series regular. The character struggled to get past the memory of Starfleet and is not the person she once was. Having been bumped up to one of the main stars of season two, the role will be reprised by Jeri Ryan. She was nominated for the Saturn award four times and she won once for the role in Star Trek: Voyager. DON'T MISS... Patrick Stewart weighed in on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry exit [INSIGHT] How to watch Star Trek Picard season 2 after network shake-up [EXPLAINER] Why did Harry Treadaway leave Star Trek Picard as Narek? [INSIGHT] Brent Spiner will return to the series but not as his original character, Data, who died. Speaking to Inverse, the actor said: "I can tell you I’m not Data. "I know they haven’t revealed much about me being in the show. "I can tell you I’m a member of the Soong family. And, that I’m not playing a character I’ve ever played before.” Fans will be excited to see what incarnation he takes on this time. The entire main cast will be joining the newcomers with the exception of Harry Treadaway as Narek. He has not explained why he chose to leave the series so it may have been a creative decision. In an interview with Gold Derby two years ago, actor Stewart said: “We have a dazzling group of actors. "No matter who I find myself playing a scene with, it is interesting, unusual, challenging, and always exciting. “And every one of us is back [for the sophomore run]. "Well, I think we may have said goodbye to Harry Treadaway, which I am disappointed about because I enjoyed working with him so much.”  Star Trek Picard season 2 airs on Paramount+ in the US and will arrive on Amazon Prime Video in the UK on March 4.