Anytime Fitness expert Personal Trainer Constantinos Yiallourus shared his top five weight loss mistakes people make when trying to slim down. Here’s how they may be going wrong with their diet and exercise regimes. Constantinos stated: “People often assume that when they start a new healthy routine, the weight should fall off every week.” Many feel “disheartened” and therefore “give up prematurely” when they don’t reach their goal weight almost instantly, but it’s crucial to see weight loss as a process. “Something I like to get across is that weight loss is a journey and something that takes time.” Rather than spending hours upon hours in the gym and massively restricting calorie consumption, a more slow and steady approach can be more sustainable long term – even if slimmers don’t notice it straight away. Another “common” but “dangerous” mistake made when people start off their weight loss journey is to start out with HIIT (High Intensity Interval Training). READ MORE: Nigella Lawson weight loss: Chef shares 2st transformation Constantinos stated: “If you’re new to exercise, high-intensity exercise such as jumping or rapid movements are not the place to start. “This will place immediate and unnecessary strain on your muscles and joints which will struggle to cope. “You’ll also be increasing your chance of injury which can be a huge setback.” Rather, HIIT style workouts are something to aim for when gym goers become more comfortable with moving their bodies. “You need to start with more low impact, controllable movements to ease yourself in to exercise such as steady cardio activity or utilising the resistance machines." It’s imperative that people don’t go overboard with their exercise regime, or walk before they can run. Slimmers will be relieved to hear that they don’t have to dedicate their lives to the gym if they want to lose weight, as “even many professional athletes don’t exercise five times a week”. “Four times a week is the most I’d recommend and two times a week is the least. You should also balance this with non-exercise activity such as going for a walk in the fresh air, taking the stairs more often or parking further away from your destination. “All these little things add up to make a big difference.” The next mistake people make is investing in supplements straight away, when they are in fact “one of the last things to consider”. Think of supplements as the cherry on top of the weight loss cake. “The definition of supplement is to ‘add to’ and are added to your existing diet. “If you have a poor diet, your body will not benefit from any supplements and I recommend eating healthily and improving your metabolism by exercise and correct hydration, as well as improving your sleep and reducing stress.” Another mistake slimmers make is not committing to lifestyle changes and keeping track of progress. Exercise doesn’t work in a vacuum; if not paired with establishing a better relationship with food and “eating, cooking and planning”, working out “won’t have the same impact”. One “incredibly useful” tactic is to keep track of progress and achievements, “however big or small they may be”. The final mistake dieters make when trying to lose weight, according to Constantinos, is “going it alone”. He stated: “Something I recommend is involving everyone you live with on your weight loss journey. “If you’re the only one in your house that’s trying to eat healthily, it makes things a lot more challenging. “Rally a support network around you and use their encouragement to inspire you.” This free support is vital, but seeking out a qualified health and fitness coach will give slimmers “a structure to follow” as well as “assess your wellbeing”. “While this comes with a cost, having a qualified professional’s expertise is vital and they can play a huge part in giving you ongoing support, guidance and encouragement to adapt to your new lifestyle.”