As oligarchs turn to countries like Israel and Turkey to avoid facing the UK consequences of Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine, the Conservative MP reminded nations helping wealthy Russians "is not the action of an ally". He said: "Mikhail Fridman has obtained citizenship of Israel. "Roman Abramovich has, some time ago, obtained a visa there rather than pursue one in London. "It is reported that oligarch money is going to Israel, Turkey and the UAE. "We need to make clear to all these countries that enabling oligarchs to avoid sanctions is not the action of an ally." Israel is a strategic partner of the UK on trade and defence, while Turkey is a member of NATO though also maintains economic and military ties with Russia. The UAE is one of NATO's most active and valuable partners in the framework of the Istanbul Cooperation Initiative (ICI). Ukraine LIVE: Putin to destroy Western weapon shipments as 'legitimate targets' Mr Davis's words came amid reports of Russians investing in property in Israel, where citizens do not have to declare or pay tax on foreign income for the first 10 years. Daniel Goldstein, of Beauchamp Estates in Tel Aviv, said: "Since the start of January we have been getting two to three inquiries a week from Russians in London, Manhattan and Moscow." Ms Goldstein told The Times he had recently closed two $30-$40million deals and was working on a third for Russian buyers acquiring land "to build big houses". One of the most sought-after areas, he said, is Tel Aviv's the southwestern suburb of Neve Tzedek, where Roman Abramovich owns property. One of the world's richest men, he obtained Israeli citizenship after difficulties in renewing his UK visa following the Salisbury poisonings. It is through the Law of Return that Russians with Jewish ancestors — the case of Mr Abramovich — can apply for Israeli citizenship. Last year, Mr Abramovich also obtained Portuguese citizenship, the legality of which is currently under investigation. While he received it based on a law that offers naturalisation to descendants of Sephardic Jewish people, a rabbi was arrested on Saturday as part of an inquiry looking into potential wrongdoing at Porto's Jewish centre, where the genealogies of applicants for a passport are vetted. Porto's Jewish community denied any wrongdoing and said in a statement is was the target of a "smear campaign". They added that rabbi Litvak oversaw the department that certifies Portuguese nationality based on criteria that "have been accepted by successive governments". Depending on the outcome, the Chelsea FC owner could be stripped of his citizenship. DON'T MISSRussians accused of 'raping' women and shooting civilians in new testimony [REPORT]Ukraine map: How much does Russia control today? [ANALYSIS]The 40 mile convoy of Russia tanks has moved – what it means for Kyiv [EXPLAINER] Mr Abramovich was sanctioned by Britain on Thursday over alleged connections to Vladimir Putin. In a move hoped to increase pressure on Moscow over its war in Ukraine, Mr Abramovich's assets were frozen and he is banned from travelling to Britain. The sanctions against him have left Chelsea FC in a tricky position. They prevent the London club from buying or selling players and negotiating contracts. It also bars it from exceeding £20,000 on travel to away matches. Meanwhile, towards home fixtures, they cannot exceed "£500,000 per fixture, per team". The sale of further tickets or merchandise to fans has been banned, too, while Raine Group, the US bank appointed by Abramovich to sell the Chelsea FC, told bidders they had "paused the process". The sanctions were issued after weeks of pressure to target oligarchs in the UK more aggressively. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "You have to have clear evidence that they are connected to the Putin regime, and that has been established. That's why we are going ahead with the sanctions that we are." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss added: "With their close links to Putin, they are complicit in his aggression. The blood of the Ukrainian people is on their hands. They should hang their heads in shame." Other oligarchs hit with sanctions are Oleg Deripaska, Igor Sechin, Andrey Kostin, Alexei Miller, Nikolai Tokarev and Dmitri Lebedev.