Manchester United remain interested in signing RB Leipzig forward Christopher Nkunku this summer despite learning that it could take a bid above €75million (£63.1m) to land the attacker. Nkunku has been consistently linked with a move to the Premier League after a fine season in Germany. The 24-year-old has been in sensational form this season for the Bundesliga outfit, scoring 26 goals as well as laying on 10 assists in 38 appearances in all competitions. His performances have caught the eye, especially in the Champions League after bagging seven goals in six games. Nkunku was recently called up to the France squad by manager Didier Deschamps for their matches against South Africa and Trinidad & Tobago later this month to reflect his growing reputation in Europe. Reports in Germany earlier this month suggested Man United were keeping tabs on the highly-rated forward’s situation this summer ahead of a potential transfer. And according to Bild, the Red Devils are still ‘very hot’ in terms of their interest in Nkunku after his emergence as a key protagonist in the Leipzig frontline. READ MORE: Man Utd can solve major transfer issue by snubbing swoop for Tuchel There appears to be some merit to those links, given that interim boss Ralf Rangnick plucked the Frenchman from the fringes of Paris Saint-Germain on a free transfer in 2019. The 63-year-old is understood to be a huge fan of Nkunku and could move this summer, although any move made by Man United is likely to be rivalled by his former club PSG. The French giants are keen on bringing the former academy graduate back to Parc des Princes and remain ‘in the picture’, the report adds. United may need to sign a replacement for Marcus Rashford this summer amid concerns over the 24-year-old’s situation at Old Trafford. The England international is experiencing a barren run in front of goal and is reportedly unhappy with his playing time under Rangnick. Rashford’s contract expires in 2023, meaning United may have to cash in this summer to avoid allowing him to run down his £200,000-a-week contract and leave on a free transfer. There should be no shortage of admirers, given Rashford’s standing in the Premier League and beyond. DON'T MISSRonaldo 'makes final decision on Man Utd future'Man Utd have private 'motive' in wanting to steal RudigerMan Utd and Arsenal target Tielemans 'amazed' by speculation https:/sport/football/1582288/Cristiano-Ronaldo-makes-final-decision-Man-Utd-news-Ralf-Rangnick-Premier-League That could open the door to a move for Nkunku, whose current deal with the German outfit expires in 2024. Unlike several Leipzig stars in the past such as Timo Werner and Dayot Upamecano, he does not have a release clause allowing him to leave for a set price. Instead, it is believed a fee of around €75m (£63.1m) at least would be required to convince the club to sell. And that fee is only likely to increase if he makes his national team debut and continues his impressive form for Leipzig. However, it remains to be seen whether United would be willing to stump up the cash required to sign the attacker, given the significant investment it would take. And if Rangnick does step aside at the end of the season as expected, his replacement may want to sign off on such a high-profile transfer before taking over.