Meghan Markle stepped out in a stunning blue dress last month and it was the first time the Duchess of Sussex had been seen in a while. Having lived in California for nearly two years, the former Suits actress has a huge range of cuisines at her disposal, as well as many tropical fruits and vegetables that are grown in the sunny climate. As a result, it is easy for Meghan and her family to follow a healthy diet. But what foods does she eat and what exercises does she do? Meghan and Prince Harry have two children; Archie and Lilibet - the latter of which she gave birth in June 2021. And when Meghan was seen on the NAACP stage last week, she radiated in a one-shoulder bright blue asymmetrical shift dress. Over the years, Meghan has lifted the lid on the diet and exercise plan she likes to follow. Despite calling called herself a “foodie”, the Duchess is quite strict with what she eats during the week but enjoys treats on weekends. READ MORE: Kate Middleton has a 'loving' relationship with the Queen According to Finding Freedom authors Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, “her morning ritual started with a cup of hot water and a slice of lemon, followed by her favourite breakfast of steel-cut oats (usually made with almond or soy milk) with bananas and agave syrup for sweetness”. Meghan is also said to enjoy an omelette with cheese, fresh herbs and a side of toast. In terms of lunch, she is apparently hungrier during the middle of the day so typically enjoys a heavier meal, followed by a lighter dinner. The former actress once said: "I'm always hoping I'm having lunch with people, so we can share fries. It's its own food group for me." DON'T MISS...Weight loss: New mum shed 1.7st of fat in 3 months - here’s how [PICTURES]Michael Mosley: Food to speed up metabolism for 'rapid weight loss' [EXPERT]Jane McDonald lost 4st by ‘detoxing’ her body of one food [INTERVIEW] Although Meghan enjoys the occasional portion of chips, she is very health-conscious and typically tries to eat a gluten-free and vegan diet during the week. She is said to do this after noticing a difference in her skin and energy levels when she cuts the food groups out. Back in 2015, Meghan revealed: “I try to eat vegan during the week and then have a little bit more flexibility with what I dig into on the weekends. “But at the same time, it's all about balance. Because I work out the way I do, I don't ever want to feel deprived. “I feel that the second you do that is when you start to binge on things. It's not a diet; it's lifestyle eating." When looking for an afternoon pick-me-up, Meghan opts for a green juice instead of coffee. Speaking to Today, she explained: “It's easy to fall into the trap of rushing for a coffee when you hit that 4pm slump. “But if I blend some apple, kale, spinach, lemon, and ginger in [a blender] in the morning and bring it to work, I always find that sipping on that is a much better boost than a cup of espresso." As for snacks, Omid and Carolyn suggested a preference for “apple slices and peanut butter”. She also favours the odd glass of wine: “Of course, I'm going to have that glass of wine – it's delicious and I enjoy it. Do the things you enjoy within reason. Know your body and what works for you and you'll be fine." In terms of what exercise Meghan does to stay fit and healthy, yoga is her “thing” and it’s not surprising considering her mother, Doria Ragland is a yoga instructor. She also used to enjoy running but explained how it was impacting her joints so she tends to use a treadmill instead of the open road. “As I’ve gotten older, running has become hard on my knees, so I can’t run outside the way I used to,” Meghan said. “I used to run all the time. “For me, running, I need it as much for my head and to clear my head as I do for keeping in shape.”