Stiorra star Ruby Hartley took to Instagram to post a heartfelt thank you message to Nóra Koltai, who has worked as a makeup artist on the most recent seasons of The Last Kingdom. Her latest update was inundated with appreciative comments from fans who are waiting for the hit historical drama to be released on Netflix next week. Ruby revealed several behind-the-scenes snaps of herself and Nóra in her latest social media post. She updated her Instagram page with some sweet moments of Nóra working on her look as Stiorra between takes. They clearly enjoyed spending time together when the cameras stopped rolling, as Ruby also included a picture of a birthday celebration in the actress’s trailer. The last Kingdom star captioned the post: “Season 5 is fast approaching so here’s an appreciation post for my Snori. The kindest, cleverest, funniest woman. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up “Thank you for spending more time with me than anyone should ever be subjected to, reminding me to blow my nose, making me look much better than I do in real life, having banging playlists and brightening even the earliest of early mornings (plus much more).” She signed off by tagging Nóra’s Instagram account, @norakoltai, and added: “You’re one of a kind. I love you.” Ruby’s tribute was met with several heartfelt comments from her fans and co-stars as she celebrated their time on the final season. “You star girl,” fellow Last Kingdom star Amelia Clarkson wrote. And series regular Eliza Butterworth exclaimed: “WOOOOWWW this is utterly amazing!!!!” Makeup designer for season five Sjaan Gillings said: “Two amazing woman that I have the ultimate pleasure to work with!!” To which Ruby responded “I love YOU," adding a love heart and fire emojis. Her IG update was also met with some touching responses from fans, who are eagerly awaiting The Last Kingdom to come to an end with a bang. DON'T MISS:Lucifer’s Dan star sent tributes for huge new role [LATEST]Top Boy fans fume as major character killed in trailer [SPOILERS]The Rookie season 4: Fan-favourite death ‘sealed’? [VIDEO] @ephraimsamuel422 wrote: “All the best Stiorra. You did a wonderful job.” And @mertbzbrn simply added: “Hype is real.” In The Last Kingdom, Ruby has been a key part of the series since the second season as Stiorra, the daughter of Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon). Her epic story is set to continue into season five after leaving for Eoferwic with the Danes and her husband Sigtryggr (Eysteinn Sigurðarson). Fans have been waiting for new episodes of the thrilling Netflix period drama for two years, but thankfully don’t have much longer before the saga continues. The story is set to leap forward in time by several years to follow King Edward’s (Timothy Innes) ongoing goal to reunite the Saxon Kingdoms. However, peace between the Danes and the Saxons is threatened once again and Uhtred is tasked with protecting Edward’s illegitimate son, Aethelstan (Harry Gilby). This won’t be the last viewers see of The Last Kingdom, as the series is set to officially wrap up with a feature film, Seven Kings Must Die, which is currently in production. The Last Kingdom season 5 will be released Wednesday, March 9 on Netflix.