Antonio Conte may just get the chance to revive his interest in Adama Traore after it emerged that Barcelona have launched a bid for Leeds winger Raphinha. The jet-heeled Spaniard was on Spurs' radar both last summer and in January, when they reignited their interest with a firm offer. Wolves played hardball in negotiations though before eventually agreeing a loan with option to buy with Barca. Traore started life back in Catalonia like a house on fire as he helped Barcelona beat Atletico Madrid 4-2 with an exceptional performance on his second debut. But since then, Adama has started Barca's last three La Liga matches on the bench as Ousmane Dembele has taken centre stage. The Frenchman's sensational form has prompted Barcelona to reconsider their stance on extending the attacker's contract. READ MORE: Barcelona 'open bidding' for Raphinha as Leeds receive first offer for Liverpool target Barcelona have struggled to negotiate a new deal with his reps despite extensive discussions and in January, they pushed him towards the exit door. Dembele's current contract is up at the end of the season and Xavi is therefore hopeful he will stay. Adama's future at Barcelona currently looks uncertain though with the La Liga giants reportedly hesitant to trigger their purchase option. Instead, the Spain international could return to Molineux with Wolves. Barca are thought to be against signing Adama for around £29m on the current terms of the deal. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from Ajax Instead, they could supposedly look to include Francisco Trincao in any deal. Xavi is thought to be undecided on whether the club should sign Adama permanently and it has now emerged that a bid for Leeds winger Raphinha has been lodged. Spanish outlet SPORT claim Barcelona have tabled an offer worth around £29m for the Brazilian. Raphinha is represented by Deco, a player Barcelona chiefs know well from his time at the club. Should Barcelona decide to prioritise signing Raphinha over Adama, it could pave the way for Tottenham to pounce. Conte wanted to convert Adama into a right wing-back as in his view, he has all the attributes to become one of the best in the world in that position. The Italian was responsible for elevating Victor Moses and Archaf Hakimi's games to the next level and Conte could roll out a similar project with Adama. Fabio Paratici is also in agreement that Spurs should swoop for the Wolves man having tried to sign him at Juventus. His contract with Wolves is up in 2023 meaning this could be the club's last chance to generate some big cash from his sale. If Barcelona won't push ahead with the move, there is now a perfect opportunity for Tottenham to pounce...