Ukrainian authorities said that Major-General Oleg Mityaev, 47, died in the storming of Mariupol which has been under heavy siege by Russian troops. The general reportedly died along with seven members of an elite SWAT team in another major knock to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine.  The elite special operations fighters from the notorious Dzerzhinsky Division of the country’s national guard are under the direct control of the Russian president. A picture of Mityaev's body was released by the Ukrainian Interior Ministry adviser Anton Gerashchenko. He is the fourth Russian general to die in the war, according to Kyiv. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky reported the death of another Russian general on Tuesday evening but did not name him. The death of a Russian spy captain during a “top secret” operation was also reported yesterday, meaning that President Putin has now lost a total of 13 commanders since the invasion began on February 24. GRU military intelligence spy Captain Alexey Glushchak, 31, also died in the brutal fighting at Mariupol but details of his death have not been disclosed. The GRU was behind the poisoning of former spy Sergei Skripal with Novichok in Salisbury. There are reportedly around 20 Russian generals leading the invasion, meaning a fifth of the military leaders have died in less than three week. The high-profile military losses come as opposition to the invasion is growing among Russian people. Widespread protests were held this weekend with thousands of Russians taking to the streets across the country to oppose Russia’s war in Ukraine. Moscow has not been giving an up-to-date total of troops killed in the war and have only named a handful of people who have fallen in the fighting, including a number of generals. Criticism of the war has been permeating into Russia’s military circles in recent days, with a top Russian airman warning last week that the country’s forces have suffered losses on a scale that will “horrify” people. Captain Alexander Garnaev, a well known military test pilot and recipient of the Kremlin’s prestigious Hero of Russia award, issued a dramatic condemnation of Putin’s “completely incomprehensible” war.  In a lengthy post on social media, the highly-decorated military hero added that the true death toll of the war remained a closely-guarded secret. Major General Andrei Sukhovetsky was the first Russian general to die in the war with Ukraine. Putin confirmed his death eight days after Russia invaded the country on 24 February. Major General Sukhovetsky, who was reportedly decorated for his role in annexing Crimea, was reportedly killed by a sniper. The second general to die was Major General Vitaly Gerasimov who died in the same week. Ukraine’s defence ministry said that Gerasimov was killed outside the country’s second city Kharkiv, which has been under heavy fire since the beginning of the conflict. A third general, General Andrei Kolesnikov, was then killed in the fighting last week. The Kremlin is thought to be covering up the true number of Russian casualties. The US military estimates that between 5,000 and 6,000 Russian soldiers have been killed in the war so far. It estimates that between 2,000 and 4,000 Ukrainian armed forces, national guard and volunteer forces have also been killed by the Russian onslaught,