Matt Baker, 44, has taken to Instagram with a weather warning update for fans. The Our Farm In the Dales presenter shared a post with fans, where he mentioned the annoyance of adverse weather conditions hitting the UK in Spring. He sent the post out in view of his 25,500 followers, just hours after the star's new More4 show, Matt Baker: Travels with Mum and Dad, aired for the first time. The star took a snap of the surrounding Yorkshire Dales countryside, covered in snow and frost. He added in a small note: “They say it’s spring. “We were warned.” READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win The star has been involved in a variety of TV projects since the late '90s. He began his career on the children’s show, Blue Peter, as a presenter from 1999 to 2006. He also hosted Countryfile until 2009. From 2011 until 2020, he co-presented The One Show alongside Alex Jones. Matt recently spoke up about why he finally decided to quit the show after nine years. The TV favourite has always been an advocate for natural and outdoor living. As a result, he decided to move his family - his wife Nicola, and two children Luke and Molly - back to the Durham Dales. Following Matt’s mum, Janice, having a nasty accident in 2020, she and husband Michael couldn’t run the farm alone. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] Janice suffered a broken tibia after being knocked over by large sheep. Matt luckily got commissioned to go ahead with documentary series Our Farm In The Dales. He spoke to the Yorkshire Post last year about why he quit. He said: “When you get to a certain point in your life you start reflecting.” The former One Show presenter explained that he was “made” by the countryside and felt he should be there. "I’d had that period in my life when I was so busy with The One Show – which was fantastic – but then you suddenly realise what makes you. "The countryside has made me who I am.” He laughed: "There’s only ever been six months in my life when I haven’t had a flock of sheep.”