Specifically, the lobbying group is pushing for free prescriptions to be introduced for people of all ages in England, similar to how they are for residents in Wales and Scotland. The charge currently stands at £9.35 per item in England, while prescriptions are free in the rest of the UK. As it stands, residents in England are able to claim free prescriptions once they turn 60 however there has been a Government consultation on whether to hike it to the state pension age. One person who joined the Prescription Charges Coalition was claiming up to three to four prescriptions every month. If free prescriptions were to be introduced, they could save a substantial sum each year. Matt Eagles, 53, was diagnosed with Parkinson’s at the age of eight and has been on medication for the majority of his life. Currently, he is on three to four medications every day and is now paying for a Pre-Payment Certificate (PPC) to mitigate the costs. If someone were to get this amount of prescriptions without a PPC, they would be spending £448.80 annually. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim A PPC allows people to get as many prescriptions as they need per month. The price of a 3-month PPC is £30.25, while the price for a 12-month PPC is £108.10 While Mr Eagles is able to get prescriptions at a cheaper cost now, he believes the overall amount of money he has spent on essential prescriptions is “essential”. Some 90 percent of pharmacists have said they have encountered patients who are hesitant to take medication due to potential prescription costs. A pharmacist said one of their patients questioned the necessity of taking antibiotics as part of their treatment due to the potential cost. DON'T MISS  Referring to this case, they said: “I explained that this antibiotic is critical to prevent sepsis. Leaving an infection untreated could possibly lead to it getting worse, and therefore they shouldn't delay. “I didn’t want to scare the patient about the effects of sepsis, but this is something I worried about.” Laura Cockram, the head of Policy and Campaigning at Parkinson’s UK and Chair of the Prescription Charges Coalition, outlined why more needs to be done to help those in England. She said: “We welcome the decision to freeze prescription charges this year, however the English Government still lags behind their Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish counterparts in recognising that this charge is a false economy and must be scrapped entirely. “Despite the freeze, the cost of living continues to spiral, so pharmacists are seeing an increase in the number of people asking which items they could leave behind and live without, simply because they can not afford them. “Rarely is a health condition managed by just one medication so it’s multiple charges each and every month. “It’s entirely unfair that the UK Government is putting this unnecessary pressure on pharmacists to have to provide counsel on which of these vital medications should be prioritised by the patient. That is not their job and it’s seldom a simple answer." The prescription expert cited that Britons are having to “miss or delay” taking vital medications which puts their health further at risk. Citing the overall money it would save the NHS, she referred to the UK Government’s decision to make menopause medication more affordable for women of a certain age. Ms Cockram added: “When people miss or delay taking essential medication, their condition deteriorates and they are more likely to rely on NHS services more, or even end up in hospital. “These are entirely avoidable admissions which cost the NHS millions, and can have damaging consequences for the patient. “We have recently seen that the UK Government is willing to make changes to how HRT is charged, but now it's time to make healthcare equitable for all.” A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60 years old, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”