Belly fat is notoriously difficult to lose no matter how active someone is. And while there's no magic wand to zap fat away from certain areas of the body, there could be a way around targeting your stubborn excess tummy. Experts at Asics activewear identified that by tweaking a few things about a person's regular exercise activities, burning the belly fat might be easier than we thought. Running is incredibly effective for weight loss; a go-to for many when they want to shed the pounds. So why not try and change up a running schedule so it begins to deliver an even better fat burning boost? According to data from the American Council on Exercise, a runner who weighs 180 pounds burns 170 calories when running for 10 minutes at a steady pace. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure So if that person runs for 30 minutes, they will burn over 500 calories. But in order to see results, a person has to be disciplined. "To shed that stubborn belly fat, you should work your way up to 30 to 60 minutes of moderate-intensity activity four to five times a week," Asics experts say. "That sounds like a lot, and if you have a busy schedule, it may be difficult to find the time. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "But that doesn’t have to be four to five sessions of running." They suggested for people with busy lifestyles to fit in three 30 minute runs per week, then add a swim and a gym session or dance class. "Diet permitting, you’ll soon be burning the sort of calories necessary to chip away at that tummy fat," they said. But long runs alone aren’t going to help shed the belly fat, as making conscious diet and lifestyle changes are also key to shifting those problem areas. "Even if you’re a regular runner who is watchful of what you eat, it’s still possible to have belly fat that you just can’t shift," they continued. "In many cases, this can be down to diet. Even experienced runners can make misguided dietary choices." They noted that while those who exercise regularly indulge on protein bars and sports drinks for energy as a pre- and post-workout snack, they're actually full of sugar. "Unfortunately, that sugar loves to stay in your body, particularly around the tummy area," the experts sighed. While a long, straight-forward run is a great calorie burner, there are some more effective options to incorporate into it that could be the ultimate body fat shredder. The experts suggested in order to lose the flab, people will have more success by mixing up their training routines in a variety of ways. 1. Cross-training 2. Trail running 3. Interval running These three ideas can help increase the flow of oxygen to the muscles, which will help to boost metabolism and shed more calories.