Scotland's First Minister pledged that an independent Scotland would be a "reliable and dedicated partner" against Russian President Vladimir Putin. Political opponents have demanded the SNP leader apologise for her "unthinkably crass" comparison and insult to the people of Ukraine. Ms Sturgeon, in an op-ed published by the New Statesman on Thursday, used Ukraine to bolster her case for a second referendum on Scottish independence. She wrote: "Putin’s war has also cast new light on the realities of Brexit and the particular challenges posed to Scotland and the rest of the UK by being taken out of the world’s biggest single market. "Indeed, the events of recent weeks have underlined the importance of independent countries cooperating in supranational organisations such as the EU. "And the Kremlin’s senseless invasion, a standing threat to the values embodied by liberal democracies everywhere, has also underscored the need for democratic nations to pursue our domestic politics with as much passion and vigour as ever. This is a time to stand up for, and demonstrate, the power of vital, robust democracies."  She concluded: "[O]ur European partners know, now more than ever, that they can depend on an independent Scotland as a beacon of peace and democracy, as together we face the greatest challenge posed to those principles since 1945." Ms Sturgeon's remarks sparked a furious reaction from opposition politicians in Scotland, prompting comparisons with Prime Minister Boris Johnson who has compared Ukraine's fight for freedom to Brexit. He told the Conservative Party's spring conference in Blackpool that the instinct of the people of the UK, as the people of Ukraine, is to choose freedom, citing Brexit. Meanwhile, UNICEF said on Thursday that more than half of Ukraine's children have been driven from their homes by the war.  READ MORE ABOUT SNOW BLASTING THE UK The United Nations human rights office said on Thursday at least 1,035 people have been killed and 1,650 wounded in one month of the conflict. Ninety children were among the dead, it said in a statement, adding the true figures were believed to be considerably higher. Of Ms Sturgeon's article, Scottish Labour Deputy Leader Jackie Baillie said: "This unthinkably crass comparison is an insult to the people of Ukraine. "We have already seen Boris Johnson likening Ukraine’s struggle for freedom to Brexit, and now Nicola Sturgeon is doing the same thing with Scottish independence.  DON'T MISS: Astonishing wage of P&O boss behind mass sacking [REVEALED] UK gas prices SOAR as Putin demands payment in roubles [LATEST] Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ [REPORT] "The SNP and the Tories have both let their constitutional obsessions warp their worldview and destroy their sense of perspective. "The First Minister must apologise for this unacceptable attempt to use the ongoing crisis in Ukraine to bolster her own separatist agenda.  "Our first and only priority in this war must be standing in solidarity with the people of Ukraine in defence of democracy and international law." Donald Cameron MSP, Scottish Conservative Shadow Cabinet Secretary for the Constitution, External Affairs and Culture, said: "It is unacceptable and tasteless for the First Minister to make any sort of link between the war in Ukraine and Scottish independence. "It appears there is no issue that is beyond Nicola Sturgeon when it comes to pushing her endless obsession with breaking up the United Kingdom. "It is astonishing that pushing the case for another referendum was at the forefront of the First Minister’s mind when writing about the truly horrendous situation in Ukraine.  "The language used here by Nicola Sturgeon is wholly inappropriate and she needs to urgently apologise for this piece, given the continued tragic humanitarian crisis that is unfolding in Ukraine." Ms Sturgeon's official spokesman told The Herald she had "made absolutely no such link" and that there was nothing in the article that in any way substantiated Mr Cameron's suggestion. 