Bravo’s hit reality series, Below Deck Mediterranean showed the complex and true experience of working onboard a luxury yacht catering to demanding clients. However, fans stayed tuned in to see the entertaining drama, complicated relationships, as well as non-stop drinking and partying. However, after leaving Below Deck, Malia White started a new venture and shared her desire to leave the show behind her.  Viewers were first introduced to Malia in season two when she joined the show as a green deckhand in 2017. After the charter ended, she didn’t return until season five which was when she received her promotion to bosun, where she had a tumultuous season. Hoping to redeem herself in the eyes of viewers and fellow colleagues, Malia resumed her post as bosun in season six, where she received a ton of mixed reaction. With Bravo now in her rearview, Malia recently launched a podcast to provide listeners with hopes of taking listeners beyond what they saw on the show. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up  The former yachtie spoke to CheatSheet.com about her new venture and shared: “The podcast is called Total Ship Show, I wanted to talk about the industry, but not surrounding Below Deck. “So like, not me as Malia from Below Deck, but me as a deckhand, or me as a bosun and a woman in the industry.” While a majority of viewers tuned in for the drama, there were also a number of people who were intrigued about working in the industry and those are who Malia wanted to cater to. She added: “I think there’s a lot of people who watch Below Deck because they love the show for what it is, all the drama and whatever.” Malia highlighted: “Then there’s a big chunk of people that love watching it because they love learning about the industry. “Because it’s such a cool, fascinating industry, I didn’t even know about it five years ago, and now I’m like, obsessed. “So I just wanted to kind of share other parts of the industry that you don’t really see on this show.” In a separate interview, Malia shared she entered the industry on a whim and her appearance on Below Deck Mediterranean was her first job in yachting. She revealed prior to the role she had only worked on dive boats and was looking up the different elements of a yacht a “week before” she started. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [INSIGHT]Below Deck star Daisy Kelliher opens up on ‘traumatising’ return [INSIGHT] Below Deck Sailing's Daisy jibes at co-star's pregnancy announcement [INSIGHT]  During her time on the series, Malia undeniably left an impression on viewers and her fellow crew members, especially during season five. Audiences began turning against the bosun after she told on chief stew Hannah Ferrier who had unregistered Valium and a vape pen in her cabin. As a result, Hannah was immediately fired by Captain Sandy and left the yachting industry for good. A year later, Malia opened up about the situation during the virtual reunion hosted by Andy Cohen, after receiving backlash from fans. Malia had found the vape in Hannah’s cabin, told Captain Sandy who then fired Hannah on the spot and she wasn’t seen until the season five finale. During the reunion, she didn’t back down when she was confronted by Hannah, who stated it was anxiety medication.After further backlash from viewers, Malia confessed to US Weekly: “I don’t regret doing my job, but I do regret how I handled it.” “I would have maybe tried to stay out of it a little bit more [because] as a bosun you don’t want to get involved with crew things. But…you’re in that spot where you are directly under the captain.” Below Deck Mediterranean is available on Hayu in the USA and on Hayu in the UK. 