Product recalls are issued when there is a health and safety problem, meaning it is unsafe for customers to use. Usually, in this case, supermarkets ask shoppers to return the affected product to their nearest store. Morrisons is the latest major supermarket to announce a product recall. The company has warned customers of a product that could cause a fire. Morrisons Elements Scented Tin Candles are being recalled because there is a risk that some candles may burn in an uncontrolled manner, presenting a fire risk. The candles come in four different variants: Fire, Water, Earth, and Air. READ MORE: ‘Incredible!’ Mrs Hinch fans share ‘much cheaper’ trick for limescale The candles each come in different coloured tins. The Fire tin is pink, Earth is blue, Water is pale blue, and Air is lilac. Morrisons has issued a statement on its website to inform customers what to do if they have already bought one of the candles. It said: “If you have purchased one of these candles, do not burn it and return it to your nearest Morrisons store for a full refund. DON'T MISS:‘Lovely’ Queen wears rare brooch with special tie to Canada [STYLE]Novak Djokovic net worth: Tennis star has huge fortune [NET WORTH]Supermarets to make major changes to sugary and salty foods [FOOD] “We don’t need a receipt.” The supermarket stressed that “no other candles are affected by this recall”. It added: “We apologise for the inconvenience this may cause and assure customers of our continuing commitment to the highest standard of product quality and safety.” Therefore, customers who have bought one of the candles can return it to stores for a full refund. Morrisons is not the only supermarket to recall a product this week. Food recalls have also been issued in recent days. Lidl this week recalled a popular snack due to the presence of salmonella. The Food Standards Agency announced Alesto Californian Pistachios Roasted & Salted is being recalled because salmonella has been found in the product. Symptoms caused by salmonella usually include fever, diarrhoea, and abdominal cramps. Lidl said: “If you have bought the above mentioned product we advise you not to eat it. “Instead, return it to a Lidl GB store for a full refund, with or without receipt.” No other Alesto products in Lidl GB stores are affected by this recall.