Many household appliances, when used regularly, can add hundreds to an energy bill. But, fortunately, there are times in the day that are cheaper than others to use an appliance, such as a washing machine. In this way, families can save a considerable amount of money. Washing machines are among the most energy intensive appliances used by households regularly. However, there are ways of using them that can save families money, according to experts. Chief executive of laundry company Laundryheap, Deyan Dimitrov, has shared his top tips on how households can save money by changing the way they do their laundry. There are cheaper times than others to wash clothes, such as in the evening. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps According to Deyan, it is best to run washing machines later in the day, but not while you are asleep. The most expensive time of day to wash or dry clothes is between 4pm and 7pm, therefore it is best to avoid this time frame. Energy prices are at their lowest between 10pm and 5am, however experts advise not to put a load in the washing machine before going to bed. This is according to fire safety guidance, as there is a small risk of fire if your washing machine is not working properly. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] Additionally, it is best to dry multiple loads of laundry consecutively so the tumble dryer stays warm between cycles. This will use up less energy. Another tip Deyan shared was to wash your clothes on cooler temperatures and for less time. A 30 degrees cycle can cut your washing machine’s energy use in half, compared to a 40- and 60-degrees wash. For even further savings, it is worth using the eco setting on your washing machine if it has one. It is also possible to change the tumble dryer setting to a cooler dry, again saving you money, even if it means clothes will take longer to dry. Another important trick is to fill your washing machine drum with the right loads – a large laundry load is more energy efficient than multiple small loads, while an overfilled washing machine may not wash your laundry thoroughly enough. Maintaining your machines and making sure they are performing well is another way to save energy. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To do this, it is best to clean your machine every three months using cheap, household products. An efficient method is to pour two cups of white vinegar in the machine’s detergent drawer and run it on the hottest cycle. After the first run, add half a cup of baking soda directly into the basin and run a hot cycle again. If washing your laundry at cooler temperatures to save money, it is worth investing in bio capsules or bio laundry detergent as they contain enzymes that can be activated at lower temperatures than non-bio products. These detergents will be better at breaking down dirt and stains during a colder wash, leaving you with perfectly clean laundry. Adding wool or rubber balls to your dryer during a cycle can also help families save money, according to Deyan. This is because they will help separate your clothes and increase their exposure to airflow, consequently reducing drying time and the length at which your dryer needs to run for. Alternatively, you can try to air dry your clothes whenever possible as the tumble dryer uses the most energy out of all standard household cleaning appliances.