The Duke of Cambridge expressed his solidarity with those marking the International Day of Remembrance of the Victims of Slavery and the Transatlantic Slave Trade tomorrow during a speech to dignitaries in Jamaica. Prince William appeared to echo remarks made by his father Prince Charles, who also suggested slavery was an "appalling atrocity" which "forever stains our history" during a visit to Barbados. In a speech delivered at a dinner hosted by Jamaica's Governor-General Sir Patrick Allen at King's House in Kingston, the Duke said: "I want to express my profound sorrow. "Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened. "While the pains run deep, Jamaica continues to forge its future with determination, courage and fortitude. "The strength and shared sense of purpose of the Jamaican people, represented in your flag and motto, celebrates an invincible spirit." William's words were heard in silence by his audience but greeted by polite applause at the end of the speech. The UK's involvement in the transatlantic slave trade began in 1663 when it was granted royal approval by King Charles II. However, following decades of campaigning by abolitionists, Britain prohibited the practice of trading slaves throughout the Empire in 1807. Parliament then passed yet another abolition act in 1833 which made the ownership and purchase of slaves illegal. The future King said he and his wife were delighted to be there on their first official visit to Jamaica. JUST IN: Queen ‘in good spirits’ despite health concerns forcing monarch to pull out of engagements “All my family have enjoyed their visits here so much. "They have waxed lyrical about the warmth and sense of fun of the Jamaican people and the beauty of this island,” he said. “Already in our short time here, Catherine and I are delighted to have felt what Bob Marley described so many years ago – the spirit of ‘One love’ that Jamaica has given to the world and which makes this country so special. “I’m particularly pleased tonight to convey the very best wishes from my grandmother, the Queen of Jamaica, on the occasion of her Platinum Jubilee. “It is no secret that the Queen has a deep affection for Jamaica, forged on her very first visit here with my grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh, in 1953. “And likewise I have been touched to hear today from Jamaicans, young and old, about their affection for the Queen.” He praised his grandmother’s life of duty. “Her dedication, commitment, and sense of duty to the Commonwealth family is deeply admired,” he said. “She may be my actual grandmother, but everyone counts her as their grandmother too. “And I’m ok with that.” He told the audience that Jamaica’s 60th anniversary of independence in August, coupled with the Queen’s 70 years on the throne, were a good reason to celebrate. “Now that’s double the excuse for a party,” he said. “And as we heard for ourselves at the cradle of reggae music last night in Trench Town, when the Rasta drums start playing, you really do know how to have a good time. “Another highlight of our visit was lining up with Manning Cup winners Kingston College, and some of the world’s best footballers, Raheem Sterling and Leon Bailey. “Leon plays for the best football team in the world, the mighty Aston Villa.” “As for me, yet again, I blazed wide from five yards. It was more like ten.” “It was also fantastic to meet the hottest thing on ice – Jamaica’s inspirational bobsleigh team. “And of course, Elaine and Shelly-Ann, the fastest women on the planet. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Kate opens up in emotional speech during historic [LIVE] Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's £30million home is near Queen [REVEAL] Inside Queen Letizia home: Spanish royals don’t live in Madrid [INSIGHT] William continued: “We look forward to welcoming the multi-talented Jamaican team to the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham this July. “The rest of the world is going to need a head start in the men’s and women’s sprints.” William praised Jamaica’s Prime Minister Andrew Holness for his condemnation of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and added: “Catherine and I were deeply moved by the plight of the Jamaican students who have recently returned safely from Ukraine. “Their experiences are a reminder of the terrifying toll and inequality of war and conflicts across the world, which we must never forget.” The second in line to the throne praised the spirit of the Windrush generation who came to help rebuild Britain after the Second World.