A van driver was caught not giving way at a roundabout on camera by a cyclist with a head-mounted device who then sent the footage to police. The result was a six month driving ban for the driver plus a heavy fine. Cyclist forum Road.cc has a video series called "Near miss of the day", which featured in the incident. The cyclist known only as "Tom" submitted two separate incidents, both of which reportedly ended in prosecution. With regard to the van driver, he pleaded guilty to driving without due care and attention. Aside from a six month driving ban, he was fined £440 and ordered to pay £60 costs. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ It comes around a month after Highway Code changes were made that put cyclists near the top of a new road users hierarchy. The aim of the changes was to improve safety on the roads for more vulnerable users. However, there was controversy over the updates as cyclists road several abreast and down the middle of the road. Many drivers said they weren’t aware of the rule changes or what they meant. The updates included leaving more space for cyclists when passing and drivers looking over their shoulder when exiting a vehicle. The Highway Code suggested using the “Dutch Reach” in order to better look out for cyclists. It involved using the ‘wrong hand’ to open a car door, meaning the head is naturally turned and will give better awareness of anything coming. Cyclists on the same forum have recently said they actually feel most drivers have improved their behaviour since the changes. However, the forum’s Near miss of the day series has now reached number 732, and the title of the previous instalment was “Some drivers are just a**eholes”. Tom, who submitted the footage, said: "Most of the above incidents were in and around Botley, I've now stopped cycling there as I no longer feel safe. "Most of the incidents I report get no response. I have 10 more here, all of which I feel meet the standard for driving without due care and attention, which I have had zero feedback on. “So I don't know what action (if any) Hampshire police have taken." The Highway Code changes also urge drivers to motorcyclists, horse riders and horse drawn vehicles at least as much room as you would when overtaking a car. As a guide, drivers should leave at least 1.5 metres when overtaking motorcyclists at speeds of up to 30mph. The Highway Code also warns motorists to “take care and give more space” when overtaking motorcyclists in bad weather and at night. Drivers must also now give way to pedestrians waiting to cross the road at any junction.