Royal author Tom Quinn claimed that Meghan and Harry may wish to return to the Royal Family in a part-time capacity when Prince Charles becomes King. He said: "One interesting thing an insider told me… is that both Meghan and Harry believe that when the elder royals die – in other words, Elizabeth – they may well be able when Charles is King, be able to come back and be the part-time royals that they really wanted to be.  "So that they would be six months [as] working royals and six months in the States or wherever doing their own thing. "That was something that Queen Elizabeth absolutely said couldn’t happen, but I think Meghan and Harry are hoping that Charles, Harry's father after all, will be more of a moderniser and will say to them, ‘okay, if you want to be part-time royals, that’s fine’. "I don’t think Harry and Meghan really want to spend their whole time in the States and not be part of the Royal Family, they just don’t want to do it all the time." But royal expert Dickie Arbiter hit out at the concept, calling it a "tosh". Writing on Twitter, he said: "What tosh!!! Fly a kite and after it flutters for a while it comes crashing down". Other Twitter users seemed to agree with Mr Arbiter's reaction, with many questioning why such an idea would be accepted by the Royal Family. Gemma Stone asked: "If their half in half out plan was rejected in 2020, why would it suddenly be acceptable now?" Another, Jenny Randall claimed that "bridges have been burned". She said: "They can't just make up their minds that they'll drop into the UK for part-time work. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's comeback plan to RETURN as 'part-time royals' "The Royal Family said from the get-go that this wasn't an option. "Besides which, no one in the country would accept them appearing in public anyway. Bridges have been burned." Angela added: "Wasn't their initial plan 'half in half out'? "The 'plan' that the Queen rejected? So 6 months is half of the year, isn't that pretty much the same thing that the Queen already rejected?" DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry to have 'more content control' in Netflix deal [ANALYSIS] Royal Family LIVE: Kate And William spark fan frenzy [LIVE] Prince Harry's 'change of diet' is 'indicative of Meghan’s influence' [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry caused controversy when they stepped back from the Royal Family and moved to the United States in March 2020. The Prince appears set to create further waves later this year, with his upcoming memoir. But Mr Quinn claimed that Harry has no intention of damaging the Royal Family. According to the royal author, the 37-year-old royal wants to find his "role" in the Firm. He told the To Di For Daily podcast: "I don’t think Harry does want to destroy the Royal Family. "I think he just really does want to find a role. "He doesn’t really have a role in the Royal Family because he’s the spare rather than the heir, but there’s still lots of hospitals to open, meetings to go to, charities to support. "He could have had that limited role, but in California what can he do? "So I think really rather than damage the Royal Family I think he’s just madly in love with Meghan and wants to make her happy."