As the Russian invasion of Ukraine wages on, countries across the world continue to respond to the brutal conflict with severe economic sanctions in a bid to deter Russian President Vladimir Putin from continuing his attack. Mr Putin appears to be showing no sign of a ceasefire, leading to more countries and companies cutting ties with Russia - some temporarily, and some appearing to be more long-term. The two-day Conservative Party Spring Conference, which will draw to a close later on Saturday, has seen a number of senior party members address attendees on key issues including the cost of living crisis, the UK transport plan and, most predominantly, the Ukraine crisis. The Prime Minister described the war between Russia and Ukraine as a “turning point for the world”. He told the conference in Blackpool: “It’s a moment of choice. It’s a choice between freedom and oppression." Almost three million people have fled Ukraine since the invasion was launched 23 days ago and the UN has reported more than 700 civilian deaths - although the number is said to actually be much higher.  READ MORE: Rishi Sunak's bombshell spring budget tax admission  To a crowd filling Moscow’s Luzhniki Stadium yesterday, Mr Putin claimed the operation he launched in Ukraine was necessary because the “United States was using the country to threaten Russia”, and Russia had to defend against the “genocide” of Russian-speaking people by Ukraine. Ukraine says it is fighting for its existence and that Putin’s claims of genocide are nonsense, and the West says the claims it wants to rip Russia apart are “fiction”. A number of countries across the EU, and the UK, US, Canada, and South Korea, have slapped Russia with crippling sanction packages as a method to deter the ongoing war, and in some cases, have made moves to entirely cut ties with the country. Addressing the conference today, Mr Johnson said the UK must take “bold steps” to end its dependence on "Putin's oil and gas”, but what could this mean?  Mr Johnson said: “After years of short-termism, and hand-to-mouth solutions, we are setting out a British energy security strategy. “We will make better use of our own naturally occurring hydrocarbons rather than importing them, top dollar, from abroad and putting the money into Putin's bank account." However, he added that this does not mean the Government is "abandoning its drive" for a low-carbon future. He said: "We're going to make some bets on nuclear power, not just the big projects but also the small, modular reactors."  DON'T MISS: Expert reveals the solution to the UK-Russia gas conundrum [EXPLAINED]Putin's health unintentionally becomes focus of rally 'Frail' [ANALYSIS]Britons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs [INSIGHT]  A more targeted switch to greener energy appears to be in order. Mr Johnson said he wanted to build more offshore wind farms and other investments in clean, green power. He clarified: "If you're asking me how we're going to pay for all of this, I can tell you I've been going around the world recently and I've been talking to international investors who are yearning to make colossal, long-term investments in British green infrastructure." These comments come in response to the energy crisis the UK is currently facing.  Mr Johnson went on to expound that Britain needed to protect itself from international energy price rises, which he said were currently being intentionally fuelled by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Mr Johnson said Mr Putin was seeking to "weaken the collective will to resist" his attack on Kyiv by "pushing up the cost of living, hitting us at the pumps and in our fuel bills". He added: "And so we must respond, and we've got to do everything we can to help people with their daily costs, help people with the cost of living." The comments come only days before Chancellor Rishi Sunak is due to give his spring statement in the Commons on Wednesday. 