  Mark Charnock has left fans worried after he fell on the London tube. The Emmerdale star described how he was “covered in bruises and shame” following the painful incident.      Mark, 53, took to Twitter today to share the alarming update with his 184,600 followers. He wrote: “You know that ‘Mind The Gap’ thing on the tube? Well, I didn’t mind the gap. “I didn’t mind that gap at all and fell flat on my face and now I’m covered in bruises and shame.” Mark has been playing fan favourite character Marlon Dingle on ITV’s Emmerdale since 1996. READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma     The actor’s fans and friends flooded the comments section with well wishes and their own personal stories of misadventures on the tube. Actress Samantha Giles, 50, who is known for playing Bernice Blackstock on Emmerdale, commented: “Oh no! Hope you are ok? X” “I’m fine thanks, Sam!” Mark replied quickly. “It was a proper pratfall though. You would’ve howled!! X”       Rebecca Burkinshaw shared: “Some gaps are huge too!! Years ago my 10 year old fell down between the train and platform, after a football match. “It really shook her up so we had to return to London on a few more day trips to face her anxiety and try to move on.” Tricia Ann Clark wrote: “OUCH! I remember once when I was hurrying for a train; the ground was wet and my foot slid on the yellow painted warning line and one leg slid into the gap. “So I can truly empathise. Hope your bruises heal soon.” READ MORE... Michael Caine’s brilliant point about Brexit: 'Rather be poor!' [INSIGHT] Dan Walker questioned over former BBC Breakfast co-star snub [LATEST] ‘We are so excited!’ The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk announces baby news [NEWS]      While some of Mark’s followers couldn’t help but see the funny side, comparing him to his character Marlon Dingle. Joshua Wilason commented: “That's such a Marlon thing to do not a Mark thing.” (sic) While Christine Marcus cheekily asked: “Were you in character?” She added: “Hope your better soon, don’t feel too bad I can’t count the number of times I have caught in the doors x.” (sic)       Jane W admitted: “Sorry, but that made me lol more than it should have - I do hope you’re ok though.” (sic) This week, Mark’s character Marlon has an emotional storyline, as the character tragically suffers a stroke. The soap’s aim is to educate viewers on the early warning signs of a stroke, beginning with Marlon collapsing soon after he and Rhona Goskirk (played by Zoë Henry) propose to each other. Emmerdale continues tonight at 7:30pm on ITV.   