Manchester United have been tipped to sign RB Leipzig attacker Christopher Nkunku this summer after interim manager Ralf Rangnick urged club chiefs to bring him to England. The Frenchman has scored 25 goals in 37 games this season. Nkunku, 24, has become one of the best young players in the Bundesliga and also lit up the group stages of the Champions League before Christmas. The former Paris Saint-Germain ace appears to have all the attributes to excel in the Premier League if United can prise him away from Germany. And Express Sport takes a look at four players United could offer Leipzig in a swap deal to get their hands on the star. Donny van de Beek United shelled out £40million to sign Donny van de Beek from Ajax in 2020. But the midfielder has suffered a torrid time at Old Trafford and has failed to make the grade under former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and current boss Ralf Rangnick. TOP STORY: Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges   The 24-year-old was shipped off on loan to Everton in January, where he has started three Premier League matches. He will return to Old Trafford in the summer, and club chiefs would have no issues letting him leave permanently. Anthony Martial Anthony Martial has proven he can succeed in Manchester in seasons gone by. The France international racked-up an impressive 17 Premier League goals in 32 games during the 2019/20 campaign. But Martial has fallen well down the pecking order at Old Trafford in recent seasons and was sent to Sevilla in January after failing to command a first team place following the arrival of Cristiano Ronaldo. The 26-year-old’s contract in the north west doesn’t expire until 2024 but he could be more than happy to end his ties with the club early. DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new HenryLiverpool boss Klopp may have given away who he wants to sign if Mane or Salah leaveChelsea could look at £83.5m defender if Muhsin Bayrak buys club from Roman Abramovich    Eric Bailly Eric Bailly is another player who can no longer get into the United team, despite the side’s struggles. Captain Harry Maguire has failed to impress this term and Rangnick’s side have been tipped to bring in a world-class centre-back in the summer. So Bailly could find himself with an even bigger battle on his hands to force his way into the team. The 27-year-old still has plenty of years ahead of him at the top of the game. So United could persuade him to reignite his career in Germany to help sweeten their deal for Nkunku.   Amad Diallo Another player who is currently enjoying a spell away from the Red Devils is Amad Diallo. United shelled out an initial £19m to sign the then-18-year-old from Atalanta at the start of last year but the forward has suffered with injury problems. He is currently on loan with Rangers in the Scottish Premiership and has been tipped for a big future at the top of the game. But if United chiefs decide he doesn’t quite have what it takes to star for the team in the years to come, they may be willing to include him as part of a deal for Nkunku, who would likely jump at the chance to move to the 13-times Premier League champions. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  