In an exclusive interview the Foreign Secretary said that the invasion of Ukraine by Putin was the point where Western allies decided “enough is enough” after years of Russia breaking international law and now “shattering the European security settlement”. Ms Truss spoke to the Sunday Express in Brussels after attending high level, intensive meetings with NATO and the European Council on Friday where these principles had been agreed. She said: “There is an incredible sense of unity. From the G7 we had Japan dialling in, the US, Canada, the EU, the UK and all of our allies around the world. At the UN General Assembly 141 countries voted against Russia. “It has also been very moving because we had Dmytro Kuleba, the Ukrainian foreign minister, dial in and really appealing for more help from all of the countries represented. “It has also been productive, we have agreed there need to be more sanctions, we need to take more action on reducing dependence on Russian oil and gas, and we make sure Putin fails. “We all agree he cannot succeed in Ukraine; the human cost already is horrendous and terrible, and it has shattered the European security settlement, so we need to step up our efforts.” In a blunt message to the British people, Ms Truss admitted that sanctions on Russia particularly its oil and gas will make things more expensive in Britain but it is a price that must be paid. “People might have to pay more but it is nothing like the cost that the Ukrainian people were suffering, and it is nothing like the cost of not stopping Putin. “The cost of not stopping him now would be disastrous.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She warned that there would be international consequences for failing to tackle Putin now. “It is not just about European security. What will the message be to the rest of the world? If Putin doesn’t lose, that will embolden other aggressors around the world. “This is why countries like Singapore, South Korea are joining us in putting sanctions on Russia because they understand the implication if Putin is successful.” The Foreign Secretary, 46, was 14 when the Berlin Wall came down and Communist tyranny ended in Eastern Europe. Reflecting on that, she said: “It was such a period of hope that we had put the dark days of the 20th century behind us, that people had their freedom back and we saw the Berlin Wall fall. “Now we are seeing the horrible advance of this dictator, because that is what he is, and we must stop him. We cannot let dictators win.” She insisted that the UK will not let up in its resolve to help the Ukrainians even if it takes years for them to overcome Russia. “We will continue to support them [the Ukrainians] through thick and thin. We are there for the long haul. “This is the struggle of our generation. What we are seeing taking place on the streets of Europe is something we have never experienced before in my lifetime. It is the fight for freedom and democracy, and sovereignty and self-determination.  “We back the Ukrainian people in that fight.” Hailing the Ukrainians’ courage, particularly of its President Volodymyr Zelensky, she added: “Haven’t we seen the most tremendous bravery led right from the top by President Zelensky. The people of Ukraine have fought, and they are not going to give up. “I fear that this is going to get more difficult and more bloody. “They will ultimately prevail. Because it is impossible to subjugate the will of people who believe in what they are fighting for. “They are fighting for freedom and democracy and their own ability to decide their future.” The Foreign Secretary was also candid about the way Western allies have dealt with Putin after a series of atrocities. “What I think you have seen is Europe, America, the world has said enough is enough.” Among the proposals included in the talks was a possible expansion of Nato to include Finland and Sweden, who are currently neutral countries.   Last week, Ms Truss met with the Finnish government. While she explained that sanctions would “take time to bite” fully, the Foreign Secretary said figures show the UK has sanctioned 228 individuals and entities, barred three million Russian companies from raising money in the City and designated £258billion of Russian assets in the banking system. This compares to £240billion by the US and £33billion by the EU. British nationals who are still in Russia have been told they should leave if it is not essential they stay in the country. The Foreign Office updated its advice on Saturday to say Britons should use the remaining commercial routes to flee the nation.  VLADIMIR Putin has turned Russia into a Mafia-state and he and his cronies should face a war crimes tribunal similar to the one the Nazi regime faced, a senior Conservative has said. Tom Tugendhat accused the Russian leader of running the country like “an organisation rather more akin to a gangster group or a mafia outfit”, writes Mike Parker. The chairman of the Commons Foreign Affairs Committee, pictured, told Radio 4’s Today he wants Putin and his associates to be held to account for the Ukrainian invasion by a tribunal modelled on the Nuremberg trials after the Second World War. This would be a “step further” than the investigation announced by the International Criminal Court, which the MP for Tonbridge and Malling said would focus on war crimes. Mr Tugendhat said: “What we’re seeing in Ukraine today is not just the result of a crime but actually of an entire conspiracy.” Meanwhile, the Novichok nerve agent attack on Salisbury four years ago showed the character of Putin, who is acting beyond any democratic accountability, according to the Wiltshire city’s MP John Glen. Mr Glen said: “Clearly that was demonstrated in what he did to my constituents, the destruction he brought to our way of life.” Former spy Sergei Skripal and daughter Yulia were poisoned by Russian agents. Salisbury mum Dawn Sturgess died after the poison was hidden in a perfume bottle. 