Demi Rose Mawby has taken to Instagram to showcase her perfectly sculpted stems as she relaxes in front of a stunning vista in the Caribbean. The Pretty Little Thing model, 26, revealed that she's been getting some winter sun as she posed up a storm in a canary yellow macrame dress while soaking up the incredible view. In view of her 19.1 million followers, the Birmingham native stunned as she put on a cheeky display while relaxing abroad. Demi captioned the series of exotic snaps "Caribbean cutie" alongside a heart face emoji. In the first snap, Demi looked sweetly over her shoulder as she leant on her bare but perfectly tanned legs. The star was dressed in a mesh, yellow dress which gave her fans a glimpse of her cheeky behind. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update The second picture saw her coyly cross one leg over the other as she leant back and rearranged her long, golden tresses. Seemingly tired of staying in one position for too long, Demi was then seen opening the door leading outside to the stunning St Lucian landscape. Posing with a hand opening the door, the petite model gave her fans a generous glimpse of her derriere. In the final snap, Demi celebrated being away on her luxury holiday while throwing her hand up ecstatically, her long curls cascading down her back. The cheeky snaps come a day after Demi posted a series of toples snaps while enjoying a day at the beach. Wearing just a yellow bikini bottom, the star gazed wistfully into the camera as she documented her time abroad. She captioned the snaps: "Oh I do love to be beside the sea…" The star gave her fans a more than generous view of her ample assets as she topped up her tan in the Caribbean sun. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury details 'disturbing' realisations amid cancer battle [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams Alec Baldwin as he blames Halyna Hutchins for death [UPDATE]'You'll be uncensored!' Gary Lineker makes savage dig at Piers Morgan [ANALYSIS] Demi had also shared some snaps showing her embracing island life in a straw skirt and floral necklace. She also wowed in the revealing bikini which only just managed to conceal her modesty. Posing on the beach, the model flaunted her incredible figure as she stunned in the beachwear. The star let her left her long locks in their natural curls as she sported a face of natural make-up, which she paired with a sparkly nude eye and lashings of mascara. However, it was a different series of pictures that sparked a frenzy amongst her fans. A day before, the fashion model posed almost completely nude as she enjoyed a shower in the tropical vegetation. Posing with her back to the camera, Demi whipped off her bikini top as the shower rained down her back and on to her round behind. The star had seemingly been enjoying a fruity looking drink which sat nearby as she showcased her stunning figure in the tropical shower.