Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's organisation Archewell announced in July last year the Duke of Sussex is penning the "definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him". The Duke's memoir is currently set "to tentatively release in late 2022", the statement regarding the book said last year. This means the publishing of this potential bombshell memoir may take place on the year the Queen is celebrating her historic Platinum Jubilee. And one royal author, Brian Hoey, claimed the timing could have an "embarrassing" impact on the monarchy and the sovereign herself, depending on which revelations will be made by Prince Harry. Mr Hoey told Express.co.uk: "It is very unfortunate timing. "It appears deliberate that he is bringing out this memoir at a time that could potentially be very embarrassing to the monarchy and particularly embarrassing to the Queen herself. "I think it's a great shame, I wish he had been advised otherwise." It is not known whether the Duke of Sussex himself has played a part in the decision on when to release his memoir. Express.co.uk has contacted Prince Harry's representatives for comment. Upon announcing the memoir, Archewell described it in a statement as "intimate and heartfelt". Briefly touching on the content of the book, the statement added the memoir is set to cover Harry's lifetime in the public eye - "from childhood to the present day, including his dedication to service, the military duty that twice took him to the frontlines of Afghanistan and the joy he has found in being a husband and father". READ MORE: Meghan & Sophie ‘unhappy in each other’s company' - expert suggests Asked about what he expect the memoir to include, Mr Hoey said he "hopes" the Duke will mostly speak about himself. However, he added, he believes publishers normally strike major deals to get "exclusives" and "revelations". Harry's memoir is being published in print and digital format by Penguin Random House - which in June last year also released Meghan's first children's book The Bench. Both the Duke and the publisher have remained tight-lipped when it comes to the size of their deal.  Archewell revealed Harry "will be donating proceeds to charity". Harry himself spoke of his memoir in July. He said: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. "I’ve worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. "I’m deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I’ve learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that’s accurate and wholly truthful." The Queen's Platinum Jubilee officially began on February 6, which marks the anniversary of her father's death and of her accession to the throne. This historic milestone, the first to have been celebrated by an English monarch, is to be marked with several initiatives throughout the years. One, launched last October, is the Queen's Green Canopy, a tree-planting project aiming at the creation of a lasting and environmentally friendly legacy. But the bulk of the celebrations will take place during a long bank holiday weekend lasting between June 2 and 5. The royals are expected to gather on multiple occasions during this weekend, to include the return of the Trooping the Colour parade to central London after two years. Among other engagements planned there will be a concert at Buckingham Palace, a service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral and the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II: Platinum Jubilee Celebration by Brian Hoey is published by Pitkin.