Thomas Tuchel accused a reporter of 'ruining his evening' after guiding Chelsea through to the Champions League last eight with a 2-1 win at Lille on Wednesday. UEFA will punish the Blues after the EU sanctioned owner Roman Abramovich this week amid Russia's attack on Ukraine. After full-time, Tuchel was made aware that Chelsea's quarter-final home leg will have to be played behind closed doors. "Thanks for ruining my evening," he responded with a smile. "I was in such a good mood. Can we speak about it when it's confirmed? It is confirmed? So let's wait for the confirmation of the confirmation." The reporter pressed for a reaction, pointing out it's a big blow to Chelsea's chances of defending their Champions League crown. Tuchel responded: "Well, let's see. I mean, today I'm happy that we are in the last eight, the last eight is top again. "There are a lot of things to overcome, and we're so happy and so, so proud. So let's see. It's the first thing that I hear now, and in three days, we play Middlesborough in the cup. Then we have a national break, and then I think about a good answer. The fans are outside now, and it's brilliant to be with them." JUST IN: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta snaps at Premier League decision UEFA 'will work with the EU and relevant member states' after Abramovich's latest sanctions, including frozen assets and travel bans. The EU followed the UK government in punishing the 55-year-old due to his alleged links with Russian President Vladimir Putin. A UEFA statement read: "UEFA is fully committed to always implementing relevant EU and international sanctions. Our understanding is that the present case is assessed in the context of the license issued in the UK, which allows Chelsea FC to continue minimum football activity while providing a safeguard that no financial gain will result for Mr Abramovich. READ MORE: Lord Coe speaks out after joining bid to buy Chelsea from Abramovich "We will work with the EU and relevant member states to ensure we have full clarity and remain in lockstep with all relevant and applicable measures in line with latest developments. UEFA will keep on working closely with, and support, the players, staff and fans of Chelsea during these difficult times to allow them to represent their colours on the pitch." The European champions can't sell tickets to generate revenue as part of the sanctions. But whilst season ticket holders can attend domestic games due to already paying, Champions League fixtures are not included, and therefore Stamford Bridge will be empty for the quarter-finals.