Arsenal have been urged to beat Liverpool to the signing of Borussia Dortmund's Jude Bellingham by ex-Gunner Kevin Campbell. The former striker believes the 18-year-old would be the perfect addition to Mikel Arteta's midfield and would provide some much needed goals from that area. Bellingham, who is valued at £67.5million by Transfermarkt, has enjoyed another stellar season at the heart of Dortmund's midfield and has seen his profile continue to rise. The England starlet has contributed six goals and a whopping 12 assists across all competitions this campaign, and his exploits in Germany have gone unnoticed. A number of Premier League clubs are believed to be closely monitoring the teenager, however Liverpool have often been credited with leading the race for his signature. However, ex-Arsenal striker Campbell believes his former side should go all out to ensure Bellingham's inevitable return to England sees him end up at the Emirates. JUST IN: Salah injury explained by Klopp after Liverpool star limped off vs Brighton  Speaking about Bellingham on the Highbury Squad podcast, Campbell stated: “He's a quality player. "Someone who’s got legs, who fits in with the youth element, who’s got big capacity to grow as well. “He’s of that standard that he’s already a full England international. That really fits our bill and ticks the box. “We do lack goals from the midfield. Thomas Partey, we don’t want to put goals on him because we know what his shooting’s like at times. DON'T MISSLionel Messi and Neymar break Pochettino's golden rule he installed at Tottenham[REPORT]Liverpool beat Brighton: Five things learned as Salah injury overshadows title charge[OPINION]Thomas Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest[REPORT]  "The other player who plays with him who then tends to move a bit further forward has to be able to get in the box and score some goals for us. Has to be a little bit more creative. "Jude Bellingham, you see him at Dortmund, he’s added that to his game.” Bellingham joined Dortmund from boyhood club Birmingham City in the summer of 2020 and surpassed expectations during his first campaign. The teenager established himself as a first-team regular for the Bundesliga outfit and his consistently influential displays have since seen him earn 10 caps for his country.  Bellingham snubbed Manchester United's advances prior to his Dortmund transfer, but despite their renewed interest, Liverpool reportedly lead the way for his signature. However, Arsenal could also be in the hunt for him this summer, especially if they secure a top-four finish this season. Ahead of their clash with Leicester on Sunday, the Gunners find themselves in fifth, two points adrift of United. Arteta's side do, however, hold the advantage of having four games in hand over the Red Devils and a return to the Champions League next season could tempt Bellingham to head to North London. 