Nike Inc has made merchandise purchases on its website and app unavailable in Russia as it cannot guarantee delivery of goods to customers in the country, an update on the sportswear maker’s website showed on Tuesday. This is the latest response by a US company to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, with Hollywood studios Disney, Warner Bros, and Sony Pictures Entertainment saying they would pause theatrical releases of upcoming films in Russia. Adidas and Apple have also announced similar moves. Russia, however, calls its actions in Ukraine a “special operation.” The update on Nike’s website, however, directed its customers to their nearest Nike stores, although it was not immediately clear when the disclosure popped up on the website. Nike is a great example of how private companies can impose sanctions against Russia, Ukrainian Member of Parliament Lesia Vasylenko tweeted.   With yet another multi-national company turning its back on Russia, the economic consequences of the invasion of Ukraine are setting in, and being felt by the people. Russia has already seen the value of its currency plummet since the invasion of Ukraine started. The Central Bank of Russia responded to economic pressure by increasing interest rates to 20 percent. The EU, the US and a host of other nations have imposed tough economic sanctions on Russia. READ MORE:Russia football shirt sponsors Adidas suspend partnership after bans Numerous shipping firms have also suspended routes in and out of Russia as a sign of unity with Ukraine. However, emergency supplies of medicines and humanitarian aid will continue to flow. Direct sanctions against Vladimir Putin and Sergei Lavrov has also been applied. Multiple oligarchs and their assets in London and other major cities have also been targeted by sanctions. DON'T MISS:Putin CUT OFF as shipping giant joins boycott [REPORT]Zelensky assassination plot thwarted - Chechen mercenaries killed [REVEAL]Russia to snub SWIFT sanctions with own version [COMMENT] Sporting and social events have also been impacted by the decision to invade Ukraine. The UEFA Champions League final has been moved from St Petersburg to Paris, and was followed by FIFA and UEFA banning Russian teams from participating in matches.Furthermore, Russia has been banned from entering the Eurovision Song Contest. Questions now remain as to whether Russian athletes will be allowed to compete in the para-Olympics in Beijing. S&P Global Ratings lowered Russia’s credit score below investment grade on Friday, while Moody’s Investors Service — which rates Russia one notch above junk — put the nation on review for a downgrade. Policymakers are counting that the steep rate hike, alongside the mandatory conversion of export revenues and a halt to outflows from the financial market, will help restore confidence and minimize losses at home even as the war continues to rage across the border. Russians were already lining up at cash machines around the country as demand for foreign currency soared. The central bank has said it was increasing supplies to ATMs to meet needs and issued another statement Sunday vowing to provide banks “uninterrupted” supplies of rubles.