Jarrod Bowen's superb form for West Ham this year has piqued the interests of many clubs including title challengers Liverpool - but after praise from Reds boss Jurgen Klopp earlier in the week, club legend Jamie Carragher has played down rumours of a move by saying Bowen would find it hard to replace Mohamed Salah. Bowen, 25, signed for the Hammers from Hull in 2020 for a fee of around £18million. He instantly hit the ground running in east London, but this season has seen his breakthrough year with eight goals and 10 assists in 28 games. Having become a key component in the Hammers' line-up, Bowen has been linked with another move with Liverpool being the main side to take an interest. But whilst Carragher believes he would be a good signing, the Sky Sports pundit claims that a move is doubtful because of the longevity of Salah, which he thinks Bowen would struggle to replicate. "There’s talk of Liverpool’s interest in him and you can see why with the goals and assists he gets, but also the positions he takes up," Carragher said. "Even that one [the position he took up before his injury], the position he gets in when Virgil van Dijk heads it back. "He plays very narrow, as Liverpool’s wide players do. "But I just think it’s always difficult for Liverpool to ever buy anyone in that position when you’ve got Mo Salah. Not just his quality, but he very rarely misses games.’ "He’s as important for West Ham as I think Mo Salah is for Liverpool." Bowen and his team-mates failed to get on the scoresheet on Merseyside in a tight game, although they posed as big a threat as you are likely to see from any team at Anfield this season. David Moyes will feel aggrieved that he didn't take at least a point back down to east London. The former Everton boss was in full agreement with the widespread praise that Bowen has been receiving in the press recently. But Scot told the press that whilst he believed Bowen was a top talent, he was nothing in comparison to Liverpool's stars. "I see Bowen as having made unbelievable progress," the West Ham manager said. "Always you want to see how players make progress and Jarrod has stepped up. And I don’t mean just from Hull to West Ham. "If we are saying Bowen is unbelievable then I am struggling for words for the players at Liverpool. We have huge admiration for them."