Kasie Hines (played by Diona Reasonover) had big shoes to fill as the next forensic expert, taking over from NCIS original Abby Sciuto (Pauley Perrette) in 2018. She has been welcomed with open arms by fans who have grown to love the quirky member of the CBS police procedural. Little so far has been revealed about her personal life but it seems this is about to change. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. NCIS season 19 continued with episode 17 Starting Over, on Monday, March 28, on CBS. While the instalment mostly caught up with Agent Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) working alongside Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) as part of the NCIS Hawaii crossover special, there was a particularly memorable moment at the end. Since joining NCIS, Kasie has remained pretty quiet on her personal life and her sexual orientation. But in Starting Over, fans are given a sneak peek into who she is when Kasie isn't working on investigations. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Kasie revealed she was in a relationship with a woman called Piper (Tess Aubert) who has already made an appearance in the drama. She said it was still very early days but the fact Piper is being introduced indicates this could become someone very important to Kasie. Piper works in the robotics lab at NCIS and was previously seen in the episode All Hands. So while they may not work in the same department, the pair seem to have some common interests and will be able to regularly see one other at work. Piper is portrayed by actress Tess Aubert who has been acting since 2014, according to her IMDb page. She has appeared in Criminal Minds, Shameless, Unbelievable, Atypical and Dear Evan Hansen. Her biggest role so far has been in the 2017 comedy Up for Adoption as Marta. Much like her character, actress Reasonover is also openly gay and married. DON'T MISS...GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is [REACTION]NCIS LA season 13: Roundtree arrested in LAPD conflict [EXPLAINER]NCIS season 19 UK: When will series 19 premiere on Disney+? [RELEASE DATE] Reasonover tied the knot with fellow actress and writer Patricia Villetto in 2018. She has starred in movies Addicted to You and Elijah's Ashes, and written for shows such as Second City This Week and King Julien Stand Up. The couple prefers to stay quiet about their love life, only sharing the occasional picture of themselves on Instagram. But Reasonover has previously revealed they met at improv during an episode of the podcast Why Won't You Date Me? in 2019. NCIS will be taking a hiatus from the small screen for the next couple of weeks at least. A repeat is scheduled to air on Monday, April 4, and the CMT Awards will be shown the following week on Monday, April 11. So the earliest NCIS could return would be on Monday, April 18. NCIS season 19 is available to watch on CBS in America and will premiere on Disney+ in the UK on Wednesday, April 6.