Professor Hugh Pennington, lecturer at the University of Aberdeen, said that the scientific evidence behind the First Minister of Scotland’s decision to continue mandating mask-wearing was “very poor”. He added that given the more stringent mask rules Nicola Sturgeon has kept in place compared to England, the relatively lower rates of coronavirus in the latter nation were “embarrassing”. Speaking to talkRADIO, Prof Pennington said: “Scotland has always had slight differences in the regulations [to England], often slightly more draconian. “The evidence of protection that you get from wearing a mask is very poor. “The embarrassing fact is that Scotland has a higher infection rate than England despite the fact that there have been more stringent rules in Scotland, particularly regarding masks. “That doesn’t support any kind of notion that masks are particularly protective.” The professor went on to question the efficacy of masks given that they are rarely worn properly from his experience. He said that Omicron uniquely specialises in growing in the nose, but few people wear their masks accordingly. He said: “And Omicron, which is doing the rounds at the moment, specialises in growing in the nose but many people when they wear masks don’t even cover their nose, just their mouth.” He added that the only time masks were worth their use was when someone has contracted coronavirus, thought host Julia Hartley-Brewer was quick to point out that those who are infected should be at home anyway. READ MORE: Sturgeon slams UK 'no clarity' on Covid cash, determined to keep funds [REPORT] Though England dropped its face mask mandate in January of this year, and Wales did so on Monday this week, Nicola Sturgeon decided to extend the rule, announcing a phasing-out plan beginning from April 4. From next Monday, Sturgeon told Scottish Parliament that masks would no longer be required at places of worship, weddings, and funerals. But it will remain a legal requirement to wear a mask elsewhere until April 18, whereupon masks will become a matter of guidance, not law. The move to distinguish between places of worship and a supermarket was described as “ridiculous” by Professor Pennington, the sentiment of which was emphatically echoed by the talkRADIO host. DON'T MISS: SNP chief forced to apologise after ditching Covid mask in classroom [REPORT] Café posts job ad looking for 'no virtue signallers' or 'mask wearers' [REVEAL] Douglas Ross loses it with Sturgeon in fiery clash over Covid measures [REPORT] Addressing Scottish Parliament yesterday, Ms Sturgeon said: "We have taken account of the very high level of infection and the pressure on the NHS, and the fact that face coverings do provide an important layer of protection against transmission of the virus from one person to another. "However, we are also mindful that the data may now be indicating a peaking of this wave of infection which should hopefully become more pronounced over the next couple of weeks. "We have therefore concluded, subject as always to the state of the pandemic, that the legal requirement to wear face coverings will be replaced with guidance on the following phased basis." Roughly nine percent of people in Scotland tested positive for coronavirus up to March 19 this year, according to the latest Office for National Statistics figures, compared to less than six and a half percent for England.