Elizabeth Bourgine has been in Death in Paradise from the first series, starring as bar owner and Mayor Catherine Bordey. She is also the mum of former Saint Marie police officer Camille Bordey (played by Sara Martins) who left at the end of season four. She is forever matchmaking in the BBC series but has yet to find her own special someone. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.Catherine has been single for almost the entire time in Death in Paradise, despite her talks of love to her friends and customers. She is divorced from Camille's dad Marlon Croft (Clarke Peters) who made a brief appearance in season three and was in a romantic relationship with Aiden Miles (Adrian Dunbar) in the first season. Unfortunately, this came to an abrupt end as it was discovered that he was a murderer and Catherine hasn't had any luck since. However, the same cannot be said for the star's love life away from the cameras. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up  The Death in Paradise actress is married to French writer and director Jean-Luc Miesch. He has worked on various French films and TV shows since the 1970s with a few acting roles as well, including The Bit Between the Teeth, Subway and Dead Tired. Bourgine and Miesch first met because of their work in the 1980s.    While Bourgine is best known in the UK for the BBC comedy-drama, she previously did a string of hit productions in France. One of which was the 1982 movie Nestor Burma, Shock Detective in which she played the leading lady Gin. Miesch was a writer and director on the sets of Nestor Burma so it is presumed that this is how they met. Bourgine, 64, is five years younger than Miesch who she has been with since the 1980s. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon's £30 earrings make huge profit [VIDEO]'Constant battle' Ralf Little admits difficulty with Death in Paradise [CAST]Death in Paradise's Tahj Miles opens up on ‘uptight’ co-star  [EXPLAINER] Little else is known about the couple as they have preferred to keep their relationship out of the spotlight. When and where they got married though remains a mystery, choosing to not speak about their home lives in public. But it is known that they have one son together called Jules Miesch who has followed in their footsteps. Jules is also an actor and producer who has worked on shows like Fred et son orchestre, Captain Marleau and Clem. Death in Paradise season 11 came to an end last month, leaving a Saint Marie-shaped hole in viewers' lives. There is good news though as there are already plans for a second Christmas special to air at the end of 2022. In addition to this, Death in Paradise will be back for a season 12 early next year on BBC One. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.