Originally, Crossrail was planned to open in 2018 but a number of delays and budget changes have meant the modern rail network will now open four years overdue. Developers hope the project will transform travel across London and the southeast, reducing congestion on Transport For London’s (TFL) overcrowded Central and Jubilee lines. The Crossrail project, which also goes by the brand name of the Elizabeth line, has cost nearly £4 billion over its initial budget to construct. Known as Crossrail until February 2016 the service was renamed the Elizabeth Line, in honour of Queen Elizabeth II. Beginning in Reading the Elizabeth line will pass through commuter hubs before moving through central London and terminating in the Essex town of Shenfield.  READ MORE: Mercury plunges to sub zero as arctic blast of -5C to hit Britain The following stations have been included within its journey plan: From here the line will then split off into two separate directions. One of these will head southeast and serve all of: DON'T MISS: Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [INSIGHT]Diane Abbott accused of dreadful statement about Putin [EXPLAINED]Brexit boom as UK beats Germany to £1.4BILLION contract [NEWS] A separate service will run northeast to: In recent months TFL has been running 150 “practical scenarios” ranging from what happens in the event of an active shooter to full mass evacuations. The Elizabeth Line is expected to serve some 200 million passengers each year when it opens, and TFL expects revenues to reach more than £1 billion per annum by the middle of the decade. The Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said: “The Elizabeth line will transform travel across London and the South East, benefiting millions and supporting hundreds of thousands of new homes and jobs. “Its brand-new trains and step-free stations will help us deliver a modern, truly world-class transport system that allows us to support the growth in London’s population over the coming decades. “That’s why I’m delighted it is on track to open in the first half of 2022, in what will be a landmark moment for the capital.” 