 Simone Ashley is a newcomer to Bridgerton for its second series as she takes on the role of Kate Sharma. Her character is set to be a new romantic interest for Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey). In a recent interview, Simone detailed what it was like to join the popular Netflix drama.    Simone revealed she had to learn some new skills for her role in the period drama series. As she prepared to play Kate, the actress had to learn to ride horses, attend dance rehearsals and even undergo accent training. Recalling the challenge of learning to ride, Simone said: “I’d only ridden once before with some friends in Wales.” The star explained she took part in a learning to ride bootcamp to ensure she was ready to play horse lover Kate. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot?  However, Simone insisted she was keen to take on the task: “I like scary sports and, having high adrenaline, I love a challenge. “My character Kate is a born rider – she has been riding since she was out of the womb, basically. “I had to learn so fast and the fear kicked me in the arse, ‘Even if you’re scared, you have to overcome this.' “It was a big confidence-builder, and I really enjoyed it,” she confessed.    Another aspect of the role that needed confidence was the famous intimate scenes Bridgerton is renowned for. However, when asked if she felt nervous about performing sex scenes, Simone told Radio Times: “I wasn’t apprehensive. I’ve always been really confident in my sexuality and in my body.” The actress praised the production team, insisting the environment on set felt “very safe”. Simone explained she also had an “incredible” intimacy coordinator on hand to help. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Louise Jameson on returning as new character [INSIGHT]Rafe Spall details hilarious encounter with Michael Gambon [WATCH]Coronation Street's Adam Barlow left with life changing injuries? [SPOILERS]  Simone isn’t the only new addition to the cast for season two as there will also be other members of the Sharma family arriving in London. The Sharma’s are a family of women travelling from India to participate in the social season. Arriving alongside Kate is her younger sister Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) and their mother Mary Sharma (Shelley Conn). The Indian family also bring with them their adorable pet corgi called Newton Sharma.    The new season of the period drama is adapted from the Julia Quinn book The Viscount Who Loved Me. The plot is set to centre around Anthony Bridgerton and his search to find a wife. With Kate being a potential love interest for Anthony, it looks as though she could play a key role in the new series. Bridgerton season 2 will be available to stream on Netflix from March 25.  