Chelsea are set to be hit with several punishments after the UK Government sanctioned Russian owner Roman Abramovich on Thursday morning. Abramovich is one of seven oligarchs, also including billionaires Igor Sechin and Oleg Deripaska, to receive new sanctions following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The 55-year-old was in the process of finding a buyer for Chelsea after 19 successful years at the helm in response to backlash amid Russia's attack. However, the UK Government has blocked the sale by freezing his assets, prohibiting transactions with UK individuals and businesses and imposing a travel ban. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said: "There can be no safe havens for those who have supported Putin's vicious assault on Ukraine. "Today's sanctions are the latest step in the UK's unwavering support for the Ukrainian people. We will be ruthless in pursuing those who enable the killing of civilians, destruction of hospitals and illegal occupation of sovereign allies." JUST IN: Chelsea BANNED from selling tickets as Abramovich sanctioned by UK Express Sport runs through the different punishments Chelsea can expect in the aftermath of Abramovich's sanctions. First, let's get the obvious out of the way - the Russian owner can't sell the club under these restrictions. A special licence from the Treasury will allow 'football-related activities' to be carried out. Fixtures, including Thursday's game against Norwich, will go ahead as planned. But the UK Government would have to give special dispensation for any sale, and no money would be allowed to go to Abramovich, so it's expected to be an extremely drawn-out process. READ MORE: Ronaldo injury woes heighten in claims Man Utd 'didn't sanction' trip Fans will also be directly impacted, with Chelsea unable to sell any more general sale tickets for games, home and away. Only season ticket holders can attend games for the foreseeable future due to having already paid the club for their seat before the sanctions were imposed. Those without a season ticket who have bought tickets for upcoming matches will have them honoured, but will not be allowed to go to any other matches for which they have yet to buy their seat. There will also be no merchandise on sale at Stamford Bridge or any merchandise that would increase the club's revenue stream. At this time, the Blues' online store appears to still be operating and taking orders. Player and staff salaries will continue to be paid. However, Chelsea's summer transfer plans have been plummeted into doubt as a result of the sanctions. The European champions won't be able to make any new signings or sell players, which undoubtedly won't go down well with head coach Thomas Tuchel. But most notably, it's unlikely Chelsea will be able to tie current players down to new contracts, with key players' deals expiring this summer. Therefore, the sanctions could all but confirm that Cesar Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger will all leave as free agents at the end of the season.