Manchester United hero Roy Keane has given his view on Cristian Romero's taunting reaction to Harry Maguire's own goal against Tottenham. The Argentine laughed in the centre-back's face after he lashed into his own net, but was ultimately made to pay by a Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick. The Red Devils have Ronaldo to thank for a crucial three points on their quest for Champions League qualification, and he opened the scoring with a tremendous long-distance effort. The Portuguese's second goal restored United's lead after a Harry Kane penalty had brought the game level before Maguire poked into his own net to make it 2-2. Despite the precarious scoreline, Spurs defender Romero immediately faced up to Maguire, who was still sitting on the ground, and laughed at his misfortune. It was tail between legs time less than 10 minutes later, however, and while Maguire was next to Romero when Ronaldo headed in his third goal of the game, the 29-year-old opted against mounting a response and ran off to celebrate with his team-mates. JUST IN: Thomas Tuchel unable to guarantee Chelsea stay as talks over new contract frozen After the final whistle, Keane explained his thoughts on Romero's taunting behaviour. "Not good, no, no, no," the former United captain told Sky Sports. "You get no luck with that. You remember, when you’re a player, you take note of that, don’t worry. You take note of that." Keane was hardly a gentleman during his own playing days, but he was backed up on Saturday by Michael Dawson who made over 300 appearances in almost a decade at Tottenham. DON'T MISS...Mo Salah injury explained by Klopp after Liverpool star limped off vs BrightonRomelu Lukaku 'makes decision' on Chelsea exit as stars plot escape from Abramovich chaosMan Utd hero Gary Neville fires triple warning over Marcus Rashford rumours - 'Sort it out!' "Don’t like that," he added, "It comes back to haunt you. "Certainly, as a defender, you make mistakes, things like that don’t go right. "You don’t like to see that. It could be you next week." Indeed, Maguire has had a tough time in red this season, while Romero has been lauded for his impact on Antonio Conte's Spurs side despite their unshakeable streak of inconsistency. While the pair's scuffle provided an intriguing subplot to the clash at Old Trafford, Ronaldo's heroic exploits made sure he grabbed the headlines. "I didn’t expect him to score three goals, but I expected him to score," admitted Rangnick after the game. "That’s why I decided to play him, although he only resumed training on Thursday. "His training session on Thursday was so good that’s why I decided to play him from the start and not have him on the bench. "In the end, it was the right decision."