The 84-year old survived a battle with an undisclosed type of cancer that he kept private. His representative Jodi Gottlieb told People about the ordeal once it was over. “It was detected early and he has been surgically cured,” she said. “Dustin is feeling great and is in good health.” It was reported that the Oscar-winning actor was advised he would have to undergo preventative treatments to lower the risk of his cancer coming back. Following his battle with cancer, the actor went on to complete the comedy movie Chef with Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Junior. Other big names in Hollywood were diagnosed with cancer at around the same time. Hollywood actor Michael Douglas also suffered from cancer around the same time but survived after his cancer went into remission. Cancer is caused by uncontrollable cell growth in a certain part of the body. These cancerous cells can damage surrounding tissues and organs–making it a disease with high morbidity. The disease, which roughly one in two people develop in their lifetime, starts in one area of the body before spreading elsewhere. Changes in your body's processes or unexplained symptoms may be a sign of cancer. When you visit your GP with these symptoms, one of the first things they try to find out is whether it might be cancer. According to the NHS, the symptoms you need to get checked out by a doctor include: Dustin Hoffman was 75 when he was treated for cancer. The chances of cancer increase with age, with more than half of cancers being diagnosed in people aged 50 to 74, according to Cancer Research. There are several other cancer risk factors. Having an unhealthy diet, smoking, and not exercising all increase your risk of getting cancer. Over a third of cancers are preventable, which is why the NHS has a Long Term Plan to support people living longer by encouraging healthier lifestyle choices. However, if you do get cancer, there are several NHS treatments available. Firstly, surgery is undergone to tackle most types of cancers since many tumours can be surgically removed.  Hoffman’s last finished project was the film Into the Labyrinth, a mystery thriller that was released in 2019. He played the role of a detective who makes it his life goal to catch a killer. He will also be starring in the film As They Made Us, which releases on April 8th this year. The film, directed by Mayim Bialik, is about a divorced mother who tries to create peace in her family as she finds love.