Ex-Liverpool flop El-Hadji Diouf has controversially claimed that the Reds have not pulled out all the stops to grant Mohamed Salah's wage demands because he is African. The Egyptian has been a fan-favourite since taking Anfield by storm after a 2017 switch from Roma. Salah is putting up incredible numbers again this season with 30 goal involvements in 27 Premier League games. Liverpool have their minds set on a Premier League title charge, along with various other competitions in which they still have a shot, but the issue of Salah's future continues to periodically rear its head. Recent updates have been negative from a Reds perspective. Talks supposedly broke down back in December when Salah and his entourage rejected Liverpool's latest offering, and nothing has been discussed since. Manager Jurgen Klopp publicly claimed that the club have done everything they can to lock down Salah's future on Merseyside. Shortly afterwards, his agent delivered a cryptic social media message with a barrage of laughing faces. JUST IN: Tottenham 'ready to swoop' for Adama Traore as Barcelona wait for unlikely Wolves verdict   Barcelona and Real Madrid have both been linked with the 29-year-old if Liverpool opt to cash in on Salah while they still have the chance this summer. Diouf, who upset more than his fair share of players and fans during a two-year stint at Anfield, contentiously suggests that Liverpool have been reluctant to cough up the big bucks because of Salah's nationality. "It is obvious that Liverpool must accept Salah's demands," he told beIN Sports, "If I were Salah, I would stay at Liverpool, he can make more money, he is the best player at the club with [Sadio] Mane, and with him they will win a lot of trophies. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit "He's 30-years-old, and I'm asking him to play four more years with the Reds. A transfer to Real Madrid will mean he will have to start all over again. "Salah has to realise that he is African, so they will not treat him like the Europeans, and they will not give him the best contract like the others. The same thing happened to me when I was at Liverpool, they told me not to go to my country to play with my national team."  Having scored just three league goals during his time on Merseyside, Diouf was hardly a hit both on and off the pitch. Club heroes Jamie Carragher and Steven Gerrard have both openly criticised their former team-mate in the past. "I don't really want to waste time thinking about El-Hadji Diouf but it's worth highlighting his wasted seasons at Liverpool as an example of how it can all go wrong," wrote Gerrard in his autobiography, My Story, "It seemed to me that Diouf had no real interest in football and that he cared nothing about Liverpool."