Liverpool ace Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was once tipped to make his mark at the very top of the game. As the son of former England international Mark, the energetic midfielder progressed through the Southampton academy and went on to make his Saints debut at the age of 16 against Huddersfield Town in a League One clash in 2010. Less than 18 months after his Saints debut, Arsenal had snapped up the then-teenager for a fee reported to be worth £15million. And during his debut campaign for the Gunners, he racked up 16 appearances in the Premier League and four in the Champions League. Oxlade-Chamberlain’s prodigious talents were plain for all to see and he was handed his England debut at the age of 18. But the star was cursed with a knack of sustaining untimely injuries and was confined to the sidelines on more occasions than he would care to remember during his time at the Emirates Stadium. He eventually departed north London in 2017 after playing 198 times for the club as Liverpool convinced him to move to Merseyside in a £35m deal. Oxlade-Chamberlain would have been hoping to become a key part of Jurgen Klopp’s midfield as the German undertook the building phase of his Liverpool project. And the 28-year-old was handed regular starts as the Reds battled for a top four Premier League finish. JUST IN: Man Utd face Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern 'bid' jeopardises plans     But disaster struck just eight months after the player had put pen-to-paper on a deal with Liverpool after he sustained a horror injury in the first leg of his side’s Champions League semi-final against Roma. Oxlade-Chamberlain had slid in for a routine tackle on Roma defender Aleksandar Kolarov but came out of the challenge in pain. He attempted to play on before being brought off and was later diagnosed with a torn anterior cruciate ligament, a ruptured lateral collateral ligament and a damaged medial ligament. And his hamstring tendon had been torn clean off the bone. Oxlade-Chamberlain missed 16 months of action as he recovered from the injury, including virtually the entire 2018/19 season but returned to the bench as his side defeated Tottenham to lift the Champions League trophy. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's kit for 2022/23 'leaked' as Adidas copy design from Man UtdTottenham's Conte given cause for concern by Argentina's Romero callMan City have Haaland fear with Real Madrid set to use transfer tactic  The 2019/20 campaign was a fairly productive one for the ace and he made 43 appearances as Liverpool won the Premier League and the Club World Cup. But he missed the start of last season with another knee injury. And by the time he returned to the pitch in December, he found he had fallen well down the pecking order at Anfield. This season, the star has been a bit-part player and has only started one of his side’s last seven Premier League matches. On Sunday, he managed just 64 minutes as Liverpool scraped past Nottingham Forest in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup. And he looked visibly angry at his manager as he was replaced by Luis Diaz with the game still goalless. Oxlade-Chamberlain has made just 133 appearances for the Reds in nearly five years at Anfield and is out of contract at the end of the season. He could well be set to walk away from the club to embark on a fresh challenge. Liverpool are enjoying a fine season following their struggles last time around and it’s difficult to see how the ace fits into Klopp’s long-term plans. The likes of Newcastle and West Ham would surely be interested in giving him the opportunity to reignite his career, while former club Southampton might be interested as well. One thing is for sure though - it would take something special for the player, who is 29 this August, to convince his current manager that he has a future where he is. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 