Susanna's colleague has been among the brave TV journalists risking their safety to provide coverage of the heart-rending scenes playing out in Ukraine this week following the Russian invasion. While soldiers instructed Kyiv residents to leave their homes and warned of carnage to come, Richard Gaisford was presenting footage of the crisis for ITV. Aware that her colleague was celebrating his birthday amid the chaotic scenes, Susanna retweeted his latest post to more than 858,000 followers. She wrote alongside a photo of the star holding up a modest cake: "Happy Birthday Richard - spending your half century reporting from Ukraine. "Stay safe and keep up the excellent work with your team," she added, punctuating her feelings with heart emojis. Meanwhile, Richard had simply written: "So there it is. Half a century. Milestone achieved." READ NOW: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Richard, who has acted as a Chief Correspondent for shows including This Morning and Good Morning Britain, has written that he is "rarely found standing still". Tense moments took place for him earlier this week when he was forced to call a halt to a GMB broadcast live from the Ukrainian capital Kyiv after air raid sirens blasted out suddenly around him. He was forced to scramble around to find protective clothing to cover himself in case he was harmed. His colleagues have shed tears over their fears for him, while he was forced to reassure concerned GMB hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard that he was safe. Richard told viewers that roads were gridlocked while Ukrainian residents made a desperate bid to flee in the hope of guaranteeing their survival. As havoc rained down on Ukraine, according to reports, one woman gave birth in the basement of the hospital while sirens sounded and bomb attacks were carried out above. Richard soon posted a Twitter video promising fearful viewers that he was "currently in what we deem to be a very safe location". His security adviser darkly warned that the hotel the ITV team was staying in was believed to be "a bigger risk". DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [LATEST] ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award [DEBATE] The Chase’s Paul Sinha blasts India for reaction to Ukraine invasion [BREAKING]  "Very much appreciate concern being expressed for our safety in Kyiv," Richard thanked. Meanwhile, @troywilford4 echoed Richard's bravery by posting an emotional response to Susanna's tweet, telling her he'd even be willing to help rebuild the shattered country himself. "Cant settle, I know this may seem bad to me and my partner but if needed I'll go to Ukraine to help rebuild it. Since my mum died my outlook on life has changed," he explained. "I must do something to help their country the poor hurt children has really upset me bad." @VanessaField16 added: "Seeing innocent people and children being killed in Ukraine is heartbreaking to see on the television news. "Wars never solve anything, innocent people get caught up in the crossfire..."