Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall spent two days in the Republic of Ireland last week. The royal couple visited the Rock of Cashel, one of Tipperary’s and Ireland’s most iconic sites. On her historic visit to Ireland 11 years ago, the Queen was memorably photographed at the iconic site. Charles and Camilla’s trip to the Irish Republic followed a two-day stint in Northern Ireland; their visit is part of a number of Royal Tours marking the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year.To mark 70 years on the throne, Her Majesty released a statement saying she was “eternally grateful” for the loyalty and affection of the British public.The monarch also expressed her desire for the Duchess of Cornwall to be known as Queen Consort once Charles ascends the throne — an unexpected announcement that highlights Camilla’s important role in the Royal Family.Charles and Camilla had originally engaged in an affair, so when their relationship first came to light decades ago, the Duchess was widely disliked by the public. In 1994, the Prince of Wales confirmed for the first time that he had been unfaithful to Princess Diana.In a rare television interview, Charles spoke to broadcaster Jonathan Dimbleby for a revealing documentary entitled 'Charles: The Private Man, the Public Role'.  Dickie Arbiter, Prince Charles’ press secretary at the time told the 2020 Channel 5 documentary, ‘Charles & Camilla: King and Queen in Waiting’, that he had warned the Prince of Wales that he’d have to reveal everything — “warts and all”.He said: “I warned them at the time, it would have to be warts and all. “You cannot deny anything. You cannot leave anything out.“And nothing was left out because Jonathan Dimbleby asked the Prince of Wales about extramarital relationships.”In the interview, Mr Dimbleby asked the Prince whether he tried to be faithful and honourable to Princess Diana during the marriage.Charles responded: “Yes, absolutely.” DON'T MISS: 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches after awkward photo moment [LATEST]Kate Middleton and Prince William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy thunderstorms’ [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Are Commonwealth countries waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [ANALYSIS] He insisted that he was faithful “until it became irretrievably broken down”. Charles and Camilla’s relationship became public knowledge in 1998, however, the couple did not tie the knot until 2005.Mr Dimbleby, told BBC’s Panorama programme at the time: "We've seen massive shifts in public opinion, from her, Camilla, being regarded as the other woman, through to her being seen now as a very attractive spouse who makes the Prince happy, who appears in public, who is gracious, who joins in - in a crowd, who communicates very effectively.”Since her marriage to Charles, the Duchess has become a dedicated working royal.She champions her own causes and has committed to continuing doing so as Queen Consort. When asked how she felt about the Queen’s endorsement, Camilla said she is “very honoured and very touched”. In a written message, marking the Queen’s Accession Day anniversary, Charles said he and Camilla were “deeply conscious” of the honour.He added: “As we have sought together to serve and support Her Majesty and the people of our communities, my darling wife has been my own steadfast support throughout."Penny Junor, author of ‘The Duchess: The Untold Story’ said the intervention was “an endorsement from the top”.She said: “This is the Queen’s wish. This is not about Charles being headstrong and wanting this for the woman he loves.“It is a proper endorsement from the top and it’s right and well deserved, and just as it should be.”