PlayStation 5 consoles are back in stock in the UK, although availability is even more limited than usual. That's because you'll need to be an EE customer in order to take advantage of the latest PS5 restock. If you are with EE, then simply head over to the website, where you can select from one of three different bundles. Even better news is that the PlayStation 5 consoles are available for customers to purchase interest-free over the course of 11 months. Needless to say, it's first-come, first-served, so don't delay. In terms of bundles, PS5 consoles are available with either 12 months of PlayStation Plus, a copy of Horizon Forbidden West, or Gran Turismo 7. The PS Plus bundle costs £50 a month, while the Horizon Forbidden West and Gran Turismo 7 bundles will set you back £52 a month. Horizon Forbidden West launched to rave reviews earlier this year, although it's arguably been overshadowed by the launch of Elden Ring. The Horizon Zero Dawn sequel shifts the action to a new location, and also features a host of new creatures to battle, and weapons to use. "Explore distant lands, fight bigger and more awe-inspiring machines, and encounter astonishing new tribes as you return to the far-future, post-apocalyptic world of Horizon. "The land is dying. Vicious storms and an unstoppable blight ravage the scattered remnants of humanity, while fearsome new machines prowl their borders. Life on Earth is hurtling towards another extinction, and no one knows why. "It's up to Aloy to uncover the secrets behind these threats and restore order and balance to the world. Along the way, she must reunite with old friends, forge alliances with warring new factions and unravel the legacy of the ancient past – all the while trying to stay one step ahead of a seemingly undefeatable new enemy." PlayStation 5 shopping tips when buying from GAME... • Get familiar with the bundles, so you know which one to target first: Obscure bundles are easier to get, standalones almost impossible. [GAME] • When alerted, click through to your first bundle of choice as quickly as possible, this will get you into the queue. [GAME] • If it says it's failed when trying to checkout, it means that bundle is now OOS. So go back to the bundles and pick another one. [GAME] • Checking out too much too quickly will give you a 30-60 second timeout, so don't rush it. If this happens, just wait a bit then try again. [GAME] PlayStation 5 general shopping tips... • Login if you already have an account with the retailer. • Use multiple devices wherever possible - desktop browser, laptop, tablet, smartphone. • If the retailer has a dedicated app, download and use the app for purchasing a PS5. • Sign up for retailer stock alerts where possible. Sites like ShopTo allow users to register interest. • Follow stock checker accounts and websites, including PS5 UK Stock and Express Gaming.