Chelsea will demand £58million to sell Armando Broja in the summer transfer window according to reports. Broja, currently on loan at Southampton, is being monitored by Arsenal among several other clubs as Chelsea mull over what to do with their academy graduate. Broja has enjoyed a fine season on loan at St Mary's this season with the 20-year-old scoring nine goals in 28 across all competitions and producing several impactful displays. It follows an 11-goal campaign in the Netherlands for Vitesse Arnhem last term with the 10-cap Albania international making constant progress. His form naturally sees Southampton wanting to sign Broja permanently at the end of the season. But they are not the only club who are admirers of the frontman, with Arsenal keeping close tabs on him after missing out on Dusan Vlahovic in January. Football.london say that Mikel Arteta rates Broja highly as he lines up a new No 9, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract at the end of the season. It's unclear yet whether or not Chelsea will part ways with Broja given they already have an abundance of attacking talent at Stamford Bridge. But Tuttomercatoweb say the Blues value the player at a minimum of £57.8m (€70m), which would make him their second most expensive departure ever behind only Eden Hazard. Whether Arsenal or any other club would be willing to pay that much for him is another matter given the Slough-born Albanian has only made 63 senior appearances in his club career. Express Sport reported in February that Broja is not ruling anything out as he looks to the next step of his career. Broja is open to all options and at this moment is not ready to rule anything out, suggesting a move to Arsenal could be possible were they to stump up the money. The Gunners have not yet made any contact about a swoop but are one of several clubs showing interest in securing his abilities. Arteta has meanwhile admitted this coming summer will be vitally important to the ongoing project at Arsenal to get them back to challenging for the biggest trophies once more. The Spanish coach explained to Sky Sports: "I think now is the moment we have to go to a different level. We have been able to get the squad balance in a much better shape. "Financially, we are in a much more stable position with the money we have spent on certain players touching the pitch for a certain amount of minutes. "That balance is much better spread out across the squad. And now is the moment to raise the quality." Of what he wants from his next striker, Arteta added: "He puts the ball in the net, that's priority number one. Goal threat. "Any successful team needs enough goal threat in the squad. Without it, you have nothing. You can play good football but you need enough goal threat in the team. "The other thing is that he has to complement the other people we have, personally and on the pitch, and for that, we need the right profile. "We need a profile where you can exploit his qualities at the same time as the qualities we already have, so we don't have to transform our way of playing again to adapt to that specific player. "He has to have a certain age, a certain level of experience, and he has to be able to come here and play under the pressure of being at Arsenal." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here