Ian Wright has hilariously responded to his grandson claiming that he is a better goalscorer than he was. D’Margio Wright-Phillips is the third generation of the Wright family and currently plays for Stoke City. Speaking to The Times, the 20-year-old revealed that he had watched plenty of his grandad playing online and has drawn conclusions on how he compares to him. D’Margio said: “There is always going to be pressure in football no matter what sort of family you’ve got and, to be honest, I don’t really feel the pressure. “To me, it’s just my dad, my grandad and my uncle [Bradley, who played in MLS] but I’m definitely aware of it. “I’ve watched a lot of my dad’s YouTube videos and a lot of my grandad’s YouTube videos — even my uncle — and it’s just amazing to see, because one day I would hope for my family to do that with me.” JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology Discussing his relative Shaun (Wright-Phillips), the no.32 continued: “It’s the low centre of gravity, the confidence to try and take on a player. “With my grandad (Ian), I’d say I think I’ve got better finishing than him.” Ian Wright scored 239 goals in his footballing career, enjoying successful spells at Crystal Palace and Arsenal, winning several trophies with the latter. On the other hand, D’Margio has scored once in five Championship appearances for Stoke, though is showing glimpses of a future star.  Wright responded to his grandson's claims by tweeting to his two million followers: “Look at the chest on this yute,” followed by plenty of laughing face emojis and red love hearts. The 58-year-old has been vocal in how proud he is of his grandson publicly, but drawing huge comparisons so early in his career may have been a stretch for D’Margio. Discussing his grandad’s emotional reaction to his debut, he continued: “He’s full of emotions. I’m the third generation and he’s wanted to see me play for a long time now.” D’Margio is expected to feature against Crystal Palace in the FA Cup on Tuesday, an opportunity to showcase to manager Michael O’Neil why he deserves to be in the frame for league appearances. His first appearance for Stoke came in January when he was named in the starting lineup for their match against Hull City, where he played 72 minutes before being substituted. Discussing the run-up to the match, he said: “It gave me goosebumps, I was very happy, just a ball of enjoyment inside of me. As we got out of the meeting room I took a deep breath and gave most of my close family a call to say I was starting. “[Ian and Shaun] both just said, ‘Listen, when you get on the pitch just enjoy it. That’s it. Just enjoy it, go out and do your stuff’. “I was a bit nervous but I couldn’t wait to get on the pitch and show what I’m about and make the most of it. I spoke to my dad afterwards in the car park and he was just very happy.” It remains to be seen whether D’Margio can follow in his grandad’s footsteps and show his ability at the very top level, though that won’t be for the foreseeable future as Stoke are currently sitting in 16th place in the Premier League.