You’ve heard of The Simpsons predicting current affairs, but what about the James Bond films? Veteran 007 producer Michael G Wilson asserts that the Bond villain in Roger Moore’s 1983 movie Octopussy foreshadowed Putin’s invasion of Ukraine some four decades later. Fans will remember Steven Berkoff’s Soviet General Orlov who believed Russia should take advantage of a supposedly weak NATO and invade Europe to seize dominance and call the West’s nuclear bluff. One scene of Octopussy takes place in a huge Soviet war room and sees General Orlov claiming that an invasion of Western Europe would lead to “total victory in five days against any possible defence scenario” since “the West is decadent and divided, it has no stomach to risk our atomic reprisals.” Bond producer Wilson said in a new interview: “It’s just like today. Berkoff is effectively playing Putin, showing how he’s going to invade the West. It was the whole plot of the movie, and we did it nearly 40 years ago.” The 80-year-old went on to point out how the Bond films seek to engage with the geopolitical realities of the time of their release and often consider the biggest threats to international peace and stability. Wilson told The Sunday Times: “The way Putin was bumping off people around the world with novichok? [In No Time To Die] we came up with the idea of a poison that was DNA targeted but could be passed between people. That is something that Putin would love.” Co-producer Barbara Broccoli added wincingly: “Let’s hope he doesn’t get any more ideas.” Back when filming Octopussy, Roger Moore could have been arrested by the real-life Stasi, the East Germany secret police. According to the German newspaper Bild, the Stasi were closely tracking the filming of Octopussy in Berlin during August 1982. A report recorded that the Bond crew had “violated” the Berlin Wall border by around four to five metres during a scene filmed at Checkpoint Charlie. The moment in the movie saw 007 being chauffeured to the East-West boundary to meet Robert Brown’s M. At director John Glen’s request’s the scene had a number of takes, with the car having to turn around for the approach each time. DON'T MISSJames Bond: The pop star who quit Roger Moore’s A View to a Kill [A VIEW TO A KILL]James Bond: How Roger Moore rated other 007s – Who he thought the best [ROGER MOORE]James Bond: Roger Moore’s 007 co-star ‘proud’ to be called a Bond girl [EXCLUSIVE] However, the Bond crew didn’t realise that each time they turned around, they were actually crossing the border into East Germany. The Stasi report read: “When turning, the vehicle violated the state border four times by about 4 to 5 metres. Report on filming of a James Bond movie, in the western apron of the border crossing point Friedrich/Zimmerstrasse on August 10, 1982, between 7:30am and 1:33 pm. 12 vehicles appeared in the western apron of the border crossing point... most of them parked in the parking lot behind the house Zimmerstrasse 19 a.” SOURCE SOURCE