Meghan and Prince Harry are successfully connecting "at an emotional and value level" with young people across the world by championing causes close to their hearts - such as equality and the environment. And in the process, reputation management expert Eric Schiffer said, "they are gaining soft power". This, he continued, is "causing the British royals to adjust and change their communications strategy". The California-based expert told Express.co.uk: "It has caused certainly William and Catherine to find new ways to connect, show more of their humanity, to be more active in ways that demonstrate their values aligning with young people - not just in Britain but also around the world." Kate and William's new openness is paying off, the expert added. He said: "They are stealing a page back from Meghan and Harry's playbook, and it is being successful in the UK." In recent years, Prince William has ramped up his conservation and pro-environment efforts by launching the Earthshot Prize. The Duke and Duchess also appear to have changed their communications on social media in recent months, making it more informal and with a growing number of posts penned directly by the royals. Prince William and Kate are currently undertaking their last engagements in The Bahamas, the last destination of their eight-day-long whirlwind tour. During their stay in the Caribbean, Prince William penned a personal message to Belize on the day they were leaving the country, in which he recalled some of the best moments they spent there. READ MORE: Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role This was shared on Twitter, much like other posts written on behalf of both the Duke and Duchess. As they were touching down in their second destination, Kensington Palace also shared a video providing an exclusive view of the royals while they enjoyed scuba diving to get a closer look at the barrier reef in Belize, the world's second-largest. In another personal post, this time penned to mark their passage in Jamaica, William confessed he and his wife wished they had "more time to spend" in the country. While the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge appear to have changed their communications strategy in recent months, they continue to stay away from political issues, as political neutrality is required to working royals. However, in Jamaica, William expressed his "profound sorrow" over slavery, saying it was "abhorrent" and should have never happened. In his speech, he stopped short of apologising for his family's past links with the horrific trade. On the other hand, Meghan and Harry are freer to discuss topics such as racial equality and Britain's colonial past as they are no longer full-time working members of the Firm. They did so in July 2020, when they said in a conversation with young leaders from the Queen's Commonwealth Trust it is necessary to "acknowledge the past" even if it means holding "uncomfortable" conversations. However, in Jamaica, William expressed his "profound sorrow" over slavery, saying it was "abhorrent" and should have never happened. In his speech, he stopped short of apologising for his family's past links with the horrific trade. On the other hand, Meghan and Harry are freer to discuss topics such as racial equality and Britain's colonial past as they are no longer full-time working members of the Firm. They did so in July 2020, when they said in a conversation with young leaders from the Queen's Commonwealth Trust it is necessary to "acknowledge the past" even if it means holding "uncomfortable" conversations. Among them, there also was Smart Works, one of the two patronages Meghan retained after stepping down as a senior royal. Moreover, this week was Spotify announced the first podcast series to be produced by Archewell Audio will be fully focused on labels that try to hold women back. The series, hosted by Meghan, is to address "common stereotypes that have historically generalised women through the lens of popular culture and media", the statement explained. In the teaser, which introduces the series called Archetypes, Meghan can be heard saying: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us... but where do these stereotypes come from? "And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?"