George Russell has revealed what he said to Nikita Mazepin after the Russian racer was sacked by Haas. The man from Moscow was axed by the team after Haas cut ties with main sponsor Uralkali, the fertiliser firm owned by his mega-rich father Dmitry. Mazepin was left fuming after news of his sacking was made public last week. He later claimed that he was only made aware that his F1 career was over when Haas made the news public. At a self-organised press conference, the 23-year-old bemoaned the fact he had been let go and said he had received no communication from team principal Guenther Steiner. Mazepin also revealed that several other drivers had been in contact after hearing the news, though ex-team-mate Mick Schumacher was notably left off the list. One of those who was named-checked, though, was Russell – as the Mercedes man had taken the time to reach out to his fellow racer. Asked about what he had said to Mazepin, Russell told reporters: "There was absolutely nothing political. JUST IN: Verstappen fires shot at Mercedes as he makes brutal Hamilton car joke "I think all of our views, of what is going on in the world, are absolutely united. "But obviously for Nikita, I've known him personally for a very long time. I was team-mates with him. "Obviously, regardless of his background, he is a driver who has dreamt of Formula 1 his whole career and reached it. "Now that dream has disappeared for the obvious reasons. "I just said 'Keep you chin up', as simple as that. Nothing political in it. Just personal." DON'T MISS:Lando Norris told be 'selfish' vs Daniel Ricciardo to push for titleLewis Hamilton and Toto Wolff’s relationship thrown into doubtMax Verstappen refuses to change mind on Netflix's Drive to Survive Aiming an indirect barb at former team-mate Schumacher in that press conference, Mazepin said: "In difficult moments, you get to know the true faces of the people around you." He also said that he felt he should have been allowed to keep his seat, as the FIA had given the go-ahead for Russian racers to compete under a neutral flag. "I deserved more support from the team," he added. "There is no legal reason to terminate the contract. I was relieved to see that the FIA allowed us to start in neutral colours, I was hoping to drive. "[But] everything changed and I lost the dream I had been working for for 18 years. "I heard about my kick from Haas, like everyone else, from the press. I didn't deserve it. "I was very disappointed with how it was played. I hadn't been worried since I left Barcelona [after last month's three-day test]. "I am a young man and I was not ready for it. I did not receive any hint, or any support, or be told that this is the decision we have taken. I learnt the same time as you did." Mazepin also defiantly stated that he was not fully closing the door on a return to F1 in the future – though appeared to rule out ever having an association with Haas again. "I do not want to be at a team that doesn't want me," the Russian continued. "Formula One is a dangerous sport and you have to rely on the team you are working with. It is a question of safety, and it is fair to say I don't have that trust in them."