Demi Moore, 59, said she was “thankful for our blended family” in a tender tribute to her ex-husband Bruce Willis a week ago. Bruce, 67, has since announced he is retiring from acting due to suffering from brain condition aphasia. Posting a beaming photo in the kitchen with Bruce, Demi wrote: “Happy birthday, Bruce! Thankful for our blended family,” adding a love heart emoji. Bruce looked happy and healthy in the photo as he stood next to GI Jane star Demi. The former couple have remained very amicable since their divorce in 2000, following 13 years of marriage. They share three children - Rumer Glenn, 33, Scout LaRue, 30, and Tallulah Belle, 27. Since then, Bruce has remarried to Emma Heming Willis, who he tied the knot with in 2009. His family were the ones to break the sad news today that he was retiring from acting, a career he began back in 1982. “​​To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities,” read the message, accompanied by a sweet photo of Bruce in a dressing gown. “As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him. “This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. “We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him,” the post continued. “As Bruce always says, “Live it up” and together we plan to do just that. “Love, Emma, Demi, Rumer, Scout, Tallulah, Mabel, & Evelyn”. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] According to the National Aphasia Association, the condition is an impairment of language, affecting the production or comprehension of speech and the ability to read or write. The association reports that the condition is due to injury to the brain, most commonly from a stroke, particularly in older individuals. Head trauma, brain tumours or from infections can also cause aphasia. It is unclear when Bruce was diagnosed with the brain condition. Meanwhile, Bruce’s daughter Tallulah recently underwent surgery to correct her deviated septum. “back with the tender wizard today for another convo re: my wonkadoodle breathing passages  !! (sic),” she wrote earlier this year alongside a photo with her surgeon. “I haven’t taken a true full inhale in maybe 17 years and it became left on the internal shelf of “just deal with it”. “BUT!!! people like my buddo @drjasondiamond are here to help!!” The star added: “truly an exquisite delight each time I get to visit his office (sic)”.