As CBS' procedural drama Blue Bloods prepare for a milestone episode, two of its former stars have landed a huge role away from the network. Both Eve Plumb and Derek Klena will be reuniting for a huge Christmas movie on the Hallmark Channel.  Deadline recently confirmed the latest addition to the cast of the Hallmark Channel's upcoming Christmas movie 'A Holiday Spectacular.' Alongside Eve Plumb and Derek Klena, Ginna Claire Mason and the Academy Award-nominated actress Ann-Marget have joined the roster. The beloved Radio City Rockettes will also make multiple appearances throughout the movie with a number of speaking roles. The dance company will also showcase their numbers, which will be directed and choreographed by Julie Branam. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump 'A Holiday Spectacular' will transport viewers to both Philadelphia and upstate New York in 1958. The storyline will follow the city's heiress Maggie (played by Ginna Claire Mason), who will put her extravagant wedding plans to a man she doesn't love on hold. Instead of walking down the aisle, she will travel to New York to live out her dream of secretly dancing live on stage in the Christmas Spectacular at the Radio City Music Hall. As Radio City Hall is the home of The Rockettes, it is expected to undergo a major transformation to emulate the 1950s.  While Maggie's parents believe she's staying in New York with an approved friend from boarding school, unbeknownst to them, she's living out her wildest dreams. Stepping into a completely different world away from everything she knew, Maggie will fall in love with New York and dancing on stage with the Rockettes. However, things will soon become complicated when she finds herself in the centre of two different lives, worlds apart. Maggie's life will become even more tangled after she meets Navy photographer John (Derek Klena). DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [REACTION]Blue Bloods Abigail Baker star sparks concern as she announces break [INSIGHT] When is Blue Bloods back on CBS? [INSIGHT] Forced to make a tough decision about her future, audiences will see if Maggie decides to follow the path laid out for her or if she will find the courage to tell her family her true desire. In a statement, Jessica Tuttle, Senior Vice President of productions and business operations at the Madison Square Garden Entertainment Company, the parent company of the Radio City Rockettes and Radio City Music Hall, shared her excitement for the movie. She said: "We are thrilled to partner with Hallmark Channel to bring together our two iconic holiday brands, which both create holiday magic for millions of people every year. "This heartwarming storyline gives audiences a peek into the passion and dedication that the Rockettes have for this beloved dance company and the incredible sisterhood that is at the core of this legendary line," Tuttle concluded.  Klena made his first appearance on Blue Bloods during the season six episode 'Down the Rabbit Hole', which aired in 2016, where he guest-starred as Cormac Phillips. Plumb also made a guest appearance in the procedural series in 2017 as Barbara Stevens for season seven, episode 19. Although the two didn't appear on screen together, Blue Bloods fans will be excited to watch them star in the upcoming Christmas movie. While a release date has yet to be announced, 'A Holiday Spectacular' will air as part of the 2022 Countdown to Christmas programming. Blue Bloods season 12 is available to watch on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced yet. 