Julia Bradbury, 51, shared an emotional video to her Instagram followers on Monday night where she bravely opened up about how she is “motivated” to stay fit and healthy in a bid to prevent her breast cancer coming back. In the candid post, Julia said that she wants to remain as healthy “as she can” for her family and young children. The Countryfile presenter was diagnosed with breast cancer last September and has since undergone a mastectomy. In a message to her 203,000 followers, Julia confessed that her diagnosis has forced her to take her “exercise and diet routine much more seriously” to prevent her cancer coming back. She said: “I have been looking at how I can aid my recovery and prevent the recurrence of breast cancer. READ MORE:Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' “Oncologists, doctors and nutritionists all say the same thing, that exercise will reduce your risk of getting a cancer and help prevent recurrence.” Julia despaired that she doesn’t “want her breast cancer to come back” because she wants to stay as healthy as possible for her brood. The BBC host has three children, Zephyr, 10, and six-year-old twins Xanthe and Zena. She concluded: “So, whenever I am feeling like I am today, which is a bit sluggish and not that motivated, I just think about those facts. “I’m not doing it to shame anybody, I’m not doing it to make you feel bad, I am just sharing with you my motivation.” In a lengthy caption alongside the clip, Julia explained that she tries to walk or move for at least 10 minutes after every meal. She also ensures she goes outside every day and does yoga, walking or weights at least four times a week. She said: “It's hard dealing with the mental demons when you get a cancer diagnosis. There's so much information to process and obviously physically, you're hit hard DON'T MISS‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment[NEWS] “Always check with your doctor about what kind of exercise is safe for you to do...but overall - whether you have cancer or not - regular exercise is essential to maintaining our health. “I have young children - that's the motivation I need to keep moving - but it can be anything. A chance to walk with friends, walking the dog, learning a new thing (Pilates/tai chi/dance classes). Sending positive thoughts your way.” Dozens of Julia’s friends and followers took to the comments to praise the presenter for her outlook. BT Sport presenter, Suzi Perry, wrote: ”You lovely human.” Fitness coach Lucy Wyndham-Read said: “Exercise really is one of the best forms of medicine for both our body and mind️ (you are such an inspiration).” John added: “Still looking fantastic. Good to see you’re fighting fit Julia.” While Jack echoed: “Julia I am so pleased to see you looking so well.”