BBC Breakfast's Newswatch, hosted by Samira Ahmed, covered Sophie Raworth's recent weekend interview with Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak. While appearing on the show, Sunak was unable to answer several questions the presenter wanted answers for, which seemed to anger some viewers, with one dubbing the Sunday Morning programme a "waste of time". Newswatch took up its weekly spot to recap events covered this week on the BBC with viewer feedback. On Sunday, March 20, the MP sat down with Raworth and could not answer multiple questions. When asked about upcoming changes to tax policies, he replied: "I know this is frustrating for you, frustrating for people watching, but I'm not able to comment on tax policy, particularly in advance of a fiscal event." This did not go down too well with viewer Chris Foreman. Read More: All Creatures Great and Small's Callum Woodhouse talks season three and 'missing' the pub Readout by the Newswatch presenter, he said: "We had the traditional pantomime that we see twice a year. "The Chancellor comes on to Sunday Morning (or its predecessor) on the weekend BEFORE the statement in the House of Commons. "The Interviewer, looking for a scoop, no doubt, then proceeds to ask a lot of questions to which the stock answer is something like: 'You wouldn't expect me to answer that here.' "Please stop wasting everyone's time and end this charade. "Why not interview the Chancellor the weekend AFTER his statement and ask why he's done what he's done?" He was not the only viewer annoyed by the segment. Clara Ward spotted the same repeat pattern as Chris, adding: "'I know it's frustrating....I can't comment on specific things'. "That's why Rishi Sunak always does the media round the week before a Budget or Statement and not the week after, and broadcasters shouldn't collude with that evasive tactic. #Ridge #Raworth #SundayMorning." DON’T MISS…Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village in April Windsor twist [SPOILERS]How to watch Yellowstone for free in the UK [LATEST]Game of Thrones' Varys star admits being shunned after 'unrecognisable' transformation  [LATEST] At the time, @Mancman10 tweeted: "Excellent to see The BBC's Sophie Raworth DEMOLISHING Rishi Sunak's preprepared LIES about what is & what isn't a tax cut!  (sic) "He's ALL PR him & he's found out when he's on the defensive & NOW he's DEFENDING a P&O Owned Free Port on The Thames Estuary! #SundayMorning LYING TORIES." (sic) Andrew Jazzie thought another presenter should interview the Chancellor: "We should have had Martin Lewis interviewing Rishi Sunak rather than listening to Sophie Raworth trying to score points." @Karenlovecheese thought the same as Andrew, chiming in: "Sophie needs to get Martin Lewis to interview Rishi Sunak so he can call out this absolute load of b*****ks. "She's not up to the job. We, the British people, deserve to see these monsters held to account by a trusted expert." @Wegotthis2022 felt sorry for the guest: "Poor Rishi has to clear up Boris's [mess] #sundaymorning." (sic) BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.