Mrs Hinch, also known as Sophie Hinchliffe, gained popularity after sharing ingenious cleaning tips and recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has also authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own Facebook groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying tips, one of which includes how to remove mould stains from bath mats. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her mould-ridden bath mat. Laura Lerston wrote: “Any ideas for cleaning a bath mat?” The photo Laura posted captured her bath math covered in large areas of black mould. Bath mats need to be kept sanitary and looking like new by cleaning them regularly to prevent stains, smells and unsightly mould from growing. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it Prevention and maintenance are key in deterring harmful mould growth from occurring in the first place. Mould is a fungus that thrives in damp environments in the home, especially in areas such as bathtubs, on shower curtains and bath mats. Luckily, Mrs Hinch fans were on hand to share their top tips for removing mould from bath mats. According to cleaning enthusiasts, using “bleach” to clean bath mats “work every time”. DON'T MISS:Cleaning guru's grout secret - 'it’ll bring it up like new' [INSIGHT]How to clean glass shower doors - easy hacks using two kitchen items [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT] Tanya Marie Webb said: “In a bucket of bleach and hot water overnight, works every time.” Katie Jayne Blythe advised: “Spray with bathroom bleach and leave it in the bath for an hour or two. It’ll be gone, I do it with mine and it comes up like new.” Helen Andrews suggested: “Strong bleach all over, soak for a few hours overnight and then wash in the washing machine.” Katie Middleton agreed: “Cover mine in bleach and leave overnight, then wash off in the morning.” Wendy Hepburn wrote: “Spray with bleach and leave for about 30 minutes. You’ll be able to see the mould slide right off.” Brenda Jackson added: “Soak in the bath for a few hours with bleach in the water then rinse off and scrub what’s left off with s brush. “After, when finished with the bath mat, always hang up to dry!” Bleach can be picked up from ASDA for as little as 38p. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using white vinegar to clean bath mats. Carol Atkinson said: “I did mine today, white vinegar spray and leave for five minutes. It literally disappears.” Susan King commented: “White vinegar works really well. Soak it in a couple inches of hot water overnight.” Sandra Allen added: “Put it in the washing machine with white vinegar - it’ll do wonders.”