Today, members of the Royal Family came together to honour the 54 nations of the Commonwealth. Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall and Queen Elizabeth II’s cousin Princess Alexandra all attended Westminster Abbey for the annual celebration. The Queen was unable to attend due to uncomfortable travel arrangements. Her Majesty did deliver a poignant message in the event’s programme which read: “In this year of my Platinum Jubilee, it has given me pleasure to renew the promise I made in 1947, that my life will always be devoted in service. "Today, it is rewarding to observe a modern, vibrant and connected Commonwealth that combines a wealth of history and tradition with the great social, cultural and technological advances of our time. "That the Commonwealth stands ever taller is a credit to all who have been involved.” The service was held for the first time since being cancelled in 2021 due to the coronavirus pandemic. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry savaged for 'unfunny stunt' The procession was smaller than in previous years — just Prince Charles and Camilla followed by Prince William and Kate making their way behind the clergy. Significantly, the Commonwealth Day service was the last royal engagement of Meghan and Prince Harry. The couple left the Firm and moved to the US soon after the service in 2020. Meghan had attended the celebratory service the year before and was particularly moved by a rousing musical performance. During her first Commonwealth Day service as a member of the Royal Family, Meghan was overcome with emotion during one poignant moment. Singer Alfie Boe performed an acapella version of Snow Patrol's Run, and the Duchess of Sussex was seen tearing up as she listened to the music. While fellow audience members, including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge watched impassively, Meghan looked visibly moved as she blinked and sniffed her way through the musical performance. The royals also enjoyed performances from the Dhol Foundation drummers and William Barton on the didgeridoo. The following year marked Meghan and Harry’s last service as members of the Firm. But that year, it was the Duke who was said to be tearful. DON'T MISS:Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim[OPINION]Queen boost as 'string of countries' looked to join Commonwealth[INSIGHT]Prince Harry's security demands assessed: 'Wrong direction'[ANALYSIS] Robert Lacey, author of ‘Battle of Brothers’ claimed that Harry was “fighting back tears” during the service. Mr Lacey claimed in his book: "Observers also noted that Harry's face was 'quite tense and unsmiling' — and that when William sat down close to him, he barely greeted his brother. "Throughout the service, Meghan megawatted away with her best TV smile but, as the ceremony progressed, Harry appeared to grow gloomier. According to one observer, 'his accelerated blinking even suggested he might have been fighting back tears.' Neither Meghan or Harry were in attendance at this year’s Commonwealth Day service. On Friday, it emerged that Harry won’t be returning to the UK to attend the thanksgiving service for his grandfather Prince Philip, which will also be held at Westminster Abbey. The decision was tweeted by Omid Scobie, the author of 'Finding Freedom', it read: “A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29." The Sussexes have not been to the UK together since their exit from the Firm two years ago. Prince Harry is challenging the Home Office's decision to not give him and his family police protection when they visit the UK. His representatives have claimed that the prince does “not feel safe” returning to the UK without such protection. However, Harry reportedly hopes to visit the Queen soon, as neither she nor Prince Charles have met his youngest child Lilibet. It is not clear whether the Sussexes will return to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.