On Fox News Sunday Morning Futures, Ms Bartiromo interviewed long-term Trump loyalist Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, who accused Biden’s administration of wanting Putin to win instead of a Ukrainian victory. The financial journalist suggested there was a “predetermined outcome” of “a slow death for Ukraine and President Zelensky” and stated that “the strategy of this administration has been underwhelming and not enough”.  She continued: “Some people have told me over the weekend that they feel that at the end of the day this administration does not see Putin as the enemy, they see him as a partner on many issues.” “They see him as a partner on climate change, they see him as a partner on the Iran deal, when is this administration going to get serious in telling Vladimir Putin ‘We are done’?” Senator Lindsey Graham claims that Trump had a more severe stance on Putin than Biden’s White House does, and it has been reported that many Trump loyalists support the notion that under the former President, the Ukrainian conflict would not have occurred. Senator Graham has accused the Biden administration of having “no stomach for this fight” and went as far to say: “Biden is more afraid of Putin losing than he is excited about Ukraine winning.  “And let you hear it from me, Victory for Ukraine!” He added: “That is despicable and sad.” Speaking to Ms Bartiromo, the Senator stated: “I smell a sell-out coming when it comes to Ukraine. “[Putin] doesn’t want a neutral Ukraine, he wants to eradicate Ukraine. You see war crimes being committed in front of you on television every day and the Biden administration looks at Putin as a partner for climate change and an Iran Deal maker rather than a war criminal.” The Senator supported his theory by using the fact that President Biden refused the offer of MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukraine via Poland due to fear of sending a signal of escalation to the Russian President. READ MORE:Brexit LIVE: Truss ‘100 percent prepared’ to trigger Article 16 He stated: “You have the Ukrainians they need MiGs, it is deplorable to me, dishonourable, that we would not give 28 fighter jets to the Ukrainians to defend their skies against Russian aggression. “The Biden administration stopped that transfer. Putin threatened Biden and he folded like a cheap suit.” Ms Bartiromo urged the Senator to continue his attack on the Biden administration by suggesting “this is a sell-out of Ukraine” and that the White House wants “to see Ukraine taken down”. The Fox News anchor has received widespread criticism and has been accused of lying, gaslighting and of having “no credibility left at all”, according to author Don Winslow. DON'T MISS:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update (REACTION)Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated (ANALYSIS)Queen broke royal breastfeeding rule that Margaret found 'distasteful' (INSIGHT)   