There are now two new iPhone 13 models to choose from with Apple releasing an update to its colour schemes. From today, fans of these premium devices can pre-order the standard iPhone 13 and smaller iPhone mini in green or the more feature-packed Pro and Pro Max in a striking alpine green. They will all officially arrive in stores next Friday but ahead of that release date, Express.co.uk has had our hands on these new call makers and this is a very nice refresh from the US technology company. The sumptuous green iPhone 13 gets a shiny glass back case and colour matched sides with a subtle matt finish. Those wanting the more expensive Pro models will find a luxurious alpine green matt rear case and glossy metal sides which surround the chassis. These green shades now join other colours including Gold, Sierra Blue, (PRODUCT)RED and Starlight. All of these new devices feature Ceramic Shield technology which makes them far more durable and less likely to smash should you drop them. There's also improved battery life, super fast A15 Bionic processor and improved cameras that not only shoot better images at night but also improve videos via the clever Cinematic mode. This function allows you to add a Hollywood feel to your home movies as the focus automatically track faces and objects, blurring the background like a Portrait Mode photo. Finally, there's Face ID technology for secure access to the display, MagSafe charging which refills things more efficiently and more storage thanks to all models starting with at least 128GB of internal memory. “People love the design of iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13, and we’re excited to unveil the stunning new alpine green and green finishes, which join the wide range of beautiful colours on the iPhone 13 lineup,” said Bob Borchers, Apple’s vice president of Worldwide Product Marketing. “These new colours give customers even more options when choosing their iPhone, and we can’t wait for them to take advantage of all the iPhone 13 lineup offers, including unmatched performance with A15 Bionic, our best camera systems, massive improvements to battery life for everyday needs, fast 5G, incredible durability, and so much more.”