Princess Madeleine of Sweden became engaged for the first time on August 11, 2009. Her fiancé was the Swedish lawyer, Jonas Bergström. Madeleine said in her engagement interview that they became engaged in Capri in early June 2009.  All of Sweden's royal ladies have stuck to diamonds for their marriages, and Princess Madeleine is no exception. Jonas Bergstrom got down on bended knee with an emerald cut diamond ring. The diamond engagement ring was simple with a silver band, and one gorgeous emerald jewel shining in the centre. However, this marriage was not to be. READ MORE: Prince William 'riddled with anxiety gestures' during royal tour The wedding was originally due to take place in the second half of 2010 but was postponed due to "many things happening in an intense period of time", mainly her older sister Victoria's wedding in June. Queen Silvia denied the rumoured relationship issues. But media reporting of the relationship issues escalated, and on April 24, 2010 it was announced that the wedding would not go ahead, and the engagement was broken off. After her relationship ended, Madeleine moved to New York City, where she worked for the World Childhood Foundation, the organisation her mother co-founded. On October 25, 2012, the Swedish Royal Court announced Princess Madeleine's engagement with the British-born American financier Christopher O'Neill.  Madeleine was given a stunning Asscher-cut diamond ring when she got engaged to Christopher in 2013. The four-carat stone is paired with a delicate pavée band. Many Swedes do not exchange elaborate engagement rings. They often swap simpler gold bands for the engagement, saving the more glittering ring for the bride on the wedding day.  Some of the Bernadottes have followed this tradition, while others have exchanged sparkling engagement gifts. The second engagement ring was a charm for Princess Madeleine. The engagement ring was similar to her first in that it was also a diamond ring. It is a spectacular cushion-cut diamond solitaire.  Madeleine’s ring is set upon a platinum band featuring several inset diamonds. The wedding took place on June 8, 2013, at the Royal Palace chapel in Stockholm. Mr O'Neill chose to remain untitled, even though a member of the Swedish Royal Family must hold Swedish citizenship which he declined. The couple has three children, Princess Leonore, eight, Prince Nicolas Paul Gustaf, six, and Princess Adrienne, four. In August 2018, the Swedish Royal Court that the Princess and her family would move to Florida. The children are still styled as Princesses and Prince, and they remain in the line of succession to the throne. Madeleine has said her children now have greater possibilities to shape their own lives as private individuals. 