Bradford will be the latest UK city to have a Clean Air Zone in place by ‘spring 2022’ despite attempts by both Labour and Conservative councillors to have the scheme paused or scrapped altogether. It means drivers of more polluting vehicles will face a daily charge to drive in the city. The new tax on cars in the city was originally due to have been implemented in January this year. Conservatives councillors in Bradford this week called for the whole scheme to be paused, warning it could lead to rising prices and even job losses, reported Yorkshire Live. They also said the lack of a definite start date for the CAZ was leaving businesses “confused and worried”. And ruling Labour councillors said they had asked government ministers to ditch the charges altogether, but had been knocked back. READ MORE: Britons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs Labour Councillor Sarah Ferriby said they had been ordered to introduce the CAZ by the Government with the requirement to reduce air pollution by 2022. She added: “We asked the Government if we could revert to a non-charging zone. “We were told no, because there would be zero chance of reaching the air quality levels we need to with it.” She said there was “deliberate misinformation” being spread about the CAZ, and stressed that no private vehicles will be charged. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers risk jail and fines for Six Nations drink driving [WARNING]Petrol and diesel prices could smash £2 a litre by May [ANALYSIS] Bradford’s CAZ is classed as “Class C+” and states that “Charges will not apply to passenger cars and motorbikes (even if you use them for work). “This excludes taxis and private hire vehicles. Please note that private cars and motorbikes may be charged in zones in other cities.” Non-compliant HGV drivers would pay £50 per day to drive in the city under the new rules. While a Euro 6-compliant diesel minibus will have to pay £7 per day. The CAZ will be monitored using ANPR cameras around the city and anyone breaking the rules will face a hefty fine. Conservative Debbie Davies has pushed for the CAZ scheme to be paused, saying improving air quality in the district “should not be achieved at all costs.” She added: “The charge will be a burden for businesses like taxi drivers and lead to possible increases in the costs of goods. "It will lead to financial hardship for small businesses and possible job losses as businesses look to reduce fixed costs.” Clean Air Zones are being introduced across the UK this year, but Manchester is one city that had its low emissions zone delayed. It now has to cover up signs showing the initial start date up with stickers at a six-figure cost, which will have to be taxpayer-funded. Local authority leaders, who have until July to come up with a new scheme that achieves air quality compliance by 2026, now want all charges to be scrapped. The stickers reading 'under review' are being installed on more than 1,000 signs with the wrong date - but this work is not covered by the £3m signage contract.