Following Russian President Vladimir Putin’s decision to return war to Europe, the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation has paid careful attention to how it has responded. Though the alliance has supplied Ukraine with munitions and humanitarian aid, it’s so far refused to become directly involved in the fighting. On Thursday, NATO will hold a meeting of its North Atlantic Council (NAC) - the principal political decision-making body within the military pact - in Brussels. The NAC oversees the political and military process relating to security issues, and brings together representatives of each member country to discuss policy or operational questions requiring collective decisions. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson and US President Joe Biden will be among the Heads of State at the meeting, which will be chaired by NATO Secretary General, Jens Stoltenberg. The meeting will also feature an address from Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky.  READ MORE: Russian troops blighted by frostbite in invasion of Ukraine So, what exactly will be discussed at the meeting and could it lead to a change in NATO’s stance on Ukraine? Speaking at a press conference ahead of Thursday’s meeting, Mr Stoltenberg said he “expects” NATO leaders to agree to increase its forces “in the eastern part of the Alliance”. Four new NATO battlegroups have been provisionally suggested for Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania, and Slovakia  Mr Stoltenberg added: “Along with our existing forces in the Baltic countries and Poland, this means that we will have eight multinational NATO battlegroups all along the eastern flank.From the Baltic to the Black Sea. “We face a new reality for our security. So, we must reset our deterrence and defence for the longer-term.” During the war in Ukraine, which has been raging since the end of February, NATO has supported Ukraine’s military by providing anti-tank and air defence systems, drones, fuel and ammunition.  DON'T MISS: Sturgeon slammed over refusing chance to 'replace Putin' [NEWS]Putin's 'lover' could hold key to ending war – friends beg mystery [INSIGHT]POLL: Do YOU think MPs colluded with Remainers to stop Brexit? [POLL] When the Heads of State meet they will consolidate their support for Kyiv and agree on the provision for additional help - including cyber-security assistance. Mr Stoltenberg said equipment will also be sent to help Ukraine protect itself against “chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear threats”. The Secretary General added: “We are determined to do all we can to support Ukraine. “But we have a responsibility to ensure that the war does not escalate beyond Ukraine, and become a conflict between NATO and Russia.”  Mr Stoltenberg specifically referenced Bosnia & Herzegovina and Georgia, adding NATO must work together with the European Union (EU) to help them “uphold their sovereignty, and their right to make independent decisions”. China will be called on to “live up to its responsibilities as a member of the UN Security Council”, according to Mr Stoltenberg. He said: “Beijing has joined Moscow in questioning the right of independent nations to choose their own path. “China has provided Russia with political support, including by spreading blatant lies and disinformation.” Mr Stoltenberg added that Beijing should “join the rest of the world in calling for an immediate, peaceful end to this war”. NATO will live stream all of the public components from the meeting on its website. The summit gets underway from 10am local time (9am GMT). 