Camilla Parker Bowles was out and about in Northern Ireland today, for the second day of hers and Prince Charles’ tour on behalf of Her Majesty the Queen, in celebration of her Platinum Jubilee. The Duchess of Cornwall was photographed visiting Arches Library where she enjoyed a spot of afternoon tea with those that worked there. For the occasion, Camilla had chosen a very fitting brooch, in the shape of a shamrock. Express.co.uk spoke to Maxwell Stone, Steven Stone's leading diamond expert about the brooch’s design and how much it was worth. The petite brooch Camilla wore on her lapel features smooth Persian turquoises set in the center of each of the three leaves of a diamond shamrock. A larger diamond sits where the leaves are joined, and another tiny diamond trefoil springs from the stem of the brooch. One of Camilla’s most prominent appearances with the brooch came back in 2014, when she wore the jewel for the funeral of the Dowager Duchess of Devonshire. Following that occasion, one of the posters at the Royal Jewels of the World Message Board, suggested the brooch could be the diamond and turquoise brooch listed among the Queen’s wedding gifts in 1947. READ MORE: Kate uses 'flirtatious preening gesture' on William - body language That brooch was a gift from the Dowager Duchess of Portland. However, no official comment has been made on the provenance of the shamrock brooch worn by Camilla. But we know it’s still in her jewellery box as she wore it back in Feburary 2019 and then again today. Maxwell spokeexclusively to Express.co.uk about the brooch. DON'T MISS...William & Camilla’s subtle ‘quirk’ to ensure Kate & Charles are ‘seen' [EXPERT]Alan Titchmarsh’s secret to growing ‘beautiful’ roses [VIDEO]Weight loss tips: 5 natural ways to get rid of belly fat [GUIDE] He said: "Camilla's shamrock brooch is very eye-catching and definitely unique. “While other royals such as Kate Middleton and Queen Elizabeth are known for wearing shamrock brooches on St Patrick's Day, they tend to be more traditional, made with emeralds and yellow gold. “Featuring three leaves of Persian turquoise stones surrounded by high quality white diamonds. “I’d estimate that this exceptional piece has a value of around £25,000." As for what Camilla wore, she chose a favourite tartan skirt and jacket combination. The skirt was ankle length with two rows of frills circling the bottom of the skirt. Underneath the jacket, which featured a black fur collar, she chose a white blouse. The royal couple were met with crowds of happy locals. Royal fans also took to Twitter to welcome them to Northern Ireland. Debby commented: “So glad to see a warm welcome.” Someome with the username @equi_noctis added: “Glad to know you are both well and able to enjoy being out. People are very grateful & happy to see you; reassurance in these difficult days.” Jerry wished them: “Have a safe and fun trip.”