Starz’s hit spin-off, Power Book IV: Force has taken viewers by storm with yet another action-packed instalment each week. The crime series which follows the adventures of Tommy Egan (played by Joseph Sikora) could see him gain Claudia Flynn (Lili Simmons) as a member of his team after she seemingly betrays her family to join forces with the criminal.  Power Book IV: Force is the latest addition to the Power franchise, stepping away from New York, fans were relocated to Chicago to see what Tommy was up to after faking his death. In the five weeks viewers have stayed tuned, Tommy had already made a number of enemies. This included the Flynn family, who had reigned over Chicago as the city’s biggest drug distributor, with kingpin Walter Flynn (Tommy Flanagan) at the helm. With Vic Flynn (Shane Harper) already working for Tommy behind his father's back it looks as though Claudia could also side with the enemy, in the upcoming episode. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant? Throughout the series, it was made evident Walter didn’t want Claudia getting involved in the drug side of the family organisation because she was a woman. Instead, he told her to focus on the books and use her good looks to secure deals with different clients. Claudia had tried a number of times to encourage her father to step away from selling pills and focus on the latest luxury drug taking the streets by storm. However, with Walter refusing to acknowledge her idea or diversify his pill enterprise, Claudia had to look elsewhere to get a piece of the elusive industry.  Although Vic is the promised successor of the business, Claudia was forced to step away from the family to spread her wings. In the recent episodes, she was able to secure what promised to be the most addictive drug in Chicago and was looking for a distributor. She was able to entice and intrigue Tommy by spiking him through a kiss, giving him what he claimed to be the best high of his life. Although he tried to emulate the substance with the help of Liliana (Audrey Esparza) it looks as though he may just join forces with Claudia.  DON'T MISS...The Last of the Summer Wine: What happened to the cast? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' [INSIGHT]Power Book 4 season 2: 50 Cent unleashes furious reaction over network [INSIGHT] In the trailer for the upcoming episode titled ‘This is Who We Are,’ a number of clues suggested Tommy and Claudia were working together. In what looked like another intense episode, Tommy appeared to be wearing a suit for a mission and he blew a kiss into a camera, which Claudia watched on her phone while parked outside. In another scene, Claudia could be seen saying: “This stays off my father’s and my brother’s radar.” With another clip showing Tommy seated next to her in the car, while he laughed: “This could be fire.”  With Claudia wanting to keep the potential deal quiet from Walter and Vic, it’s likely she will turn her back on her family to work with Tommy. This will without a doubt anger Walter as he already warned Tommy about stepping on his toes and failed to force him out of the city. The trailer also hinted at the patriarch beginning to suspect his daughter, as he was seen confronting her stating: “I’ve had the feds here and you are nowhere to be found.” With Claudia and Tommy joining forces, not only will she betray her family, but she could also take down the entire Flynn organisation. Power Book IV: Force airs Sundays on Starz in the USA and Starzplay in the UK.  