Manchester United fans hurled missiles at Diego Simeone in the immediate aftermath of their Champions League defeat to Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night. Renan Lodi scored the only goal of the game for the La Liga giants. And the mood inside Old Trafford was one of anger following the contest. Manchester United and Atletico Madrid both went into the game with the tie hanging in the balance following a 1-1 draw in the first leg in Spain. Joao Felix had struck in the capital, with Anthony Elanga then levelling in the closing stages. However, while United dominated the ball this time around and boasted more possession, they were unable to make it count for anything on the night. Lodi notched the only goal of the game, heading home after Diogo Dalot was left exposed defensively. And Simeone went storming towards the tunnel after the game, with supporters then pelting him with missiles including bottles of beer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It echoes what happened when they played PSG in the same tournament back in 2019, when Angel Di Maria had a projectile thrown at him. Simeone, at first, seemed set to celebrate with Atletico fans like he’s been known to do in the past. It was also resembled what Jose Mourinho did when he knocked United out of the tournament while managing Porto back in 2004. Simeone was able to escape the projectiles and, instead of celebrating with fans, went down the tunnel. It was a frustrating night for United, with many fans believing the refereeing left much to be desired as they crashed out. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Speaking after the game, meanwhile, United legend Paul Scholes said his old side had a lack of quality. "There was a real lack of quality,” he said. “They couldn’t break this team (Atletico) down at all. It was like facing a brick wall." On Atletico, he added: "I love watching their passion. “It was a masterclass in how to go away from home and win a game of football." Rio Ferdinand also performed punditry duty for BT Sport and he now feels United’s season is over. "That’s season over. What is there really to achieve? Floundering behind Arsenal if they win their games in hand,” he said. “Tonight was a reflection of what the season has been like. There were moments in the game where United looked good, but far too often, it’s a Jekyll and Hyde performance." He added: "You’ve got to give credit to this Atletico team. They showed they have a manager that put out a team to do a job. “They were so clever, slowing the game down when needed, conning the referee into decisions. They worked so well as a unit. Everything is about doing things as a team. Joao Felix was tremendous."