Russia Today – a news channel funded by the Russian state – has had its Ofcom licence revoked after watchdog Ofcom said it did not consider the channel "fit and proper" or a "responsible broadcaster". It comes as scrutiny on Russian state media intensifies amid the country's invasion of Ukraine. The media regulator said that it had taken into account "a number of factors", including the fact that the news channel was funded by the Russian state, "which has recently invaded a neighbouring sovereign country". Russian President Vladimir Putin has a strong grip on the narrative in his country, with independent media a rarity and state outlets following a strict pro-Kremlin line. Moscow media also covers the other countries around the world in ways that boost Putin's narrative. This was seen in September when the UK was suffering from fuel shortages, and Russian media compared Britain to the dark days of the Soviet Union. Pro-Kremlin channel NTV described a "panic-ridden" UK and compared the situation to the sausage shortages seen in the Soviet Union. The channel's presenter said: "Great Britain is in the grip of a fuel crisis, following a food crisis. “The few petrol stations that still have fuel are under siege as car owners are ready to fight for their lives for every litre of fuel. “Queues at petrol stations are like sausage shortages in the Soviet Union.” The NTV report said it was "unclear how long it will last" and claimed Boris Johnson's Government appeared out of its depth. They continued: "It's unclear how long it will last. 'The army got involved, but it's pretty obvious the island's authorities have no clear rescue plan." The correspondent in Britain, Liza Gerson, told viewers across Russia: "For a week there were worries of hunger, then several gas companies went bankrupt and residents were scared they would freeze in winter. "Now it looks like they won't be able to stay warm and fed, and even inside the car." Pool N.3, another channel, even claimed that petrol pump chaos had led to fights. READ MORE: Putin's big parade: Thousands waving 'Z' flags gather at rally to s... They added: "Englishmen have firmly learned the new phrase, the Petrol War. "Fights at petrol stations, people are resorting to knives." Russian media has also continued to tell Putin's version of events during the country's invasion of Ukraine. The media have been told to use only official government sources for their reports and not to use certain words to describe the operation. Banned words reportedly include: “Attack, invasion, war.” Russian media has also sparked concern this week after discussing an invasion plan to conquer Baltic states in a chilling broadcast. Colonel Igor Korotchenko, formerly of the Russian General Staff and air force and currently a reserve officer said: “This is how the scenario for capturing the Baltic countries might look." DON'T MISS Russia chemical weapons: Could Putin use secret stash as Ukraine? [INSIGHT] Touching photo of dog carried to safety by family escaping Ukraine war [ANALYSIS] Meghan and Harry issue harrowing statement on Ukraine grief [INSIGHT] Referring to a map, he added: "A massive Russian radio-electronic strike is inflicted (causing) all NATO radars go blind and see nothing. “At this time, on the Swedish island Gotland, Russian military planes land, delivering S-400 anti-aircraft missile systems, and Bastion coastal anti-ship systems." Some countries fear they could be the next target for Putin after he is done with Ukraine. Ukrainian MP Inna Sovsun recently told Express.co.uk that Putin won't stop after Ukraine, warning he could target NATO members. She said: "In 1994 we gave up our nuclear weapons – in exchange we got assurances from the UK and the US that our security will be guaranteed. "That was a written promise from the UK and the US – right now they are breaking that promise. "Imagine Russia does invade Ukraine fully and take control of the country – that would put Russia on the eastern border of the EU and Poland. "Putin has already said he doesn't like Poland, the Baltic countries, Hungary in the EU. He doesn't like Finland's neutrality or Sweden's neutrality. Moldova is next door. "Does anyone really believe he will stop with Ukraine? He will go further, and then the West will have to intervene."