Having stepped up, many in Budapest and Warsaw will no doubt hope for a reprieve in their long-running dispute with Brussels over rule of law issues. In a moment of crisis, many will be adamant that now is not the time for division within the bloc. “The [European Commission] should immediately cease any sanctions against Poland,” Patryk Jaki, an MEP from the United Right coalition, recently said, perhaps encouraged by the praise heaped on his country by European Council President Charles Michel on Wednesday. Yet the very day Mr Michel spoke, the European Commission set out rules relating to “breaches of the principles of the rule of law” and how this may “affect or seriously risk affecting the sound financial management of the Union budget.” This was surely aimed at Hungary and Poland, suggesting that amid the fanfare over European unity, the division between the progressive western half of the EU and its conservative east remains. Only last month, the European Court of Justice dismissed complaints from Budapest and Warsaw against a law which ties EU funds to apparent democratic standards. Reacting at the time, Hungarian Justice Minister Judit Varga said the decision “is living evidence that Brussels is abusing its power”.  While media across Europe has praised Ukraine’s neighbours, nobody should be in denial that the cultural schism within the EU persists. Moreover, despite the assertion by Latvian President Egils Levits that the EU should bypass usual “bureaucratic procedures” and give candidate status to Kyiv before detailed discussion on reforms, EU officials have played down hopes of any immediate EU accession for Ukraine. For a start, Ukrainian accession to the EU would need the backing of all member states, which may not be forthcoming. Only minutes after Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s impassioned address to the European Parliament - where he pressed for Ukraine’s accession - Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo seemed to cool immediate hopes for Kyiv. While calling for a close partnership, Mr De Croo said “EU membership is something completely different and a much longer process”. Despite Commission President Ursula von der Leyen earlier commenting that “we want them [Ukraine] in the European Union”, she struck a similarly cautious tone to Mr De Croo following Mr Zelenskyy’s speech. For starters, granting accession status to Ukraine would likely ruffle feathers in other EU candidate countries such as Albania, Montenegro and North Macedonia if they were not granted a similar waiver. Granting a fast-track for these countries could also prove highly controversial.  It is perhaps little surprise that EU member states in Central and Eastern Europe have been most enthusiastic about Ukrainian accession, given that Ukraine – a religious and conservative country – is seen as sharing the values of countries within that region. However, Western European member states may be fearful that Ukraine would soon become another Hungary or Poland. For all the back-slapping over European unity then, Ukraine’s hopes are likely to be dashed in the near-term, and Central and Eastern European countries may decide upon an alternative. There is nothing, for instance, to prevent a parallel Central and Eastern European Union from being established, nor anything per se to stop freedom of movement between EU states and a non-EU country (post-Brexit Britain and Ireland, for example, retain a common travel area). Ukraine – like its regional neighbours within the EU - may hope for much from Brussels, but the latter is unlikely to deliver anytime soon. For all the triumphalist talk, the EU very much remains a house divided. Europe may have come together amid the shock of war but the gulf between the two sides of the EU is unlikely to be bridged anytime soon. 