Arsenal’s improvement under Mikel Arteta has been immense since the infamously dreadful start to the season. The Gunners are fourth in the Premier League, favourites to take the final Champions League spot, and last week’s defeat by Liverpool was just their second top-flight reverse in 2022.   The international break allows Arteta time to put together a plan for the club’s final 10 Premier League fixtures. Manchester United are four points behind the north Londoners, with Tottenham and Wolves also in contention to take advantage of a slip-up. A fixture list that includes trips to the likes of Chelsea and Spurs, and a clash with Manchester United, is unforgiving. Arsenal must continue their good form of the last three months in the final sprint of the campaign. Express Sport looks at three key things Arteta needs to think about over the next fortnight.   JUST IN: Chelsea woes increase as 'next Lampard' is wanted by Inter and Juve How do Arsenal navigate tricky London derbies against Chelsea and Tottenham? Arsenal have the hardest remaining fixtures of any of the clubs hoping to finish fourth, so will be thankful for their four-point cushion. Trips to Chelsea and a north London derby against Spurs are tough, while Man Utd will want to steal fourth place from the Gunners. Arsenal were beaten in the reverse fixture against Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium. The Blues took three points from a comfortable 2-0 victory back to Stamford Bridge. Arteta’s side smashed Spurs 3-1 in what was just their second Premier League but their neighbours are now a different beast under Antonio Conte. The Arsenal head coach must devise a plan to win those difficult fixtures.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool following foolproof blueprint with £131m transfer businessBrentford star Ivan Toney mocks club AGAIN in bizarre interviewLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp hits back at criticism over cup record Smith Rowe or Martinelli on the left? Arteta has almost fallen upon a settled starting 11. Aaron Ramsdale has won the No. 1 shirt, while the back four has played together for most of the season. Granit Xhaka, Thomas Partey make up the midfield trio. Bukayo Saka and Alexandre Lacazette have formed a good relationship in attack. But the one position that is up for grabs is the left-wing role. Gabriel Martinelli appeared to have won the shirt after the New Year, but he is now absent and Emile Smith Rowe was put in the team for the 1-0 win over Aston Villa on Saturday. Arteta would benefit from a completely settled side for the remainder of the season. So deciding who plays on the left is a key decision. Decide next season’s striker Arteta has plenty of short-term goals to think about, but surely the transfer window will be on his mind. Arsenal missed out on Dusan Vlahovic in January and must have a striker high on their list of priorities ahead of the summer. Pierre Emerick-Aubameyang has long departed to Barcelona. The futures of Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are unclear, with neither likely to sign contract extensions into next season. Arsenal have been linked with a few strikers – Napoli’s Victor Osimhen and Lille’s Jonathan David are reportedly on their radar. Arteta can spend the next two weeks deciding on his main target.