Having not had a chance to make The Amazing Spider-Man 3, Andrew Garfield returned as a Peter Parker variant with Tobey Maguire in Spider-Man: No Way Home. Following the incredible reaction from fans, rumours have been sprouting that Sony want more of the Brit’s take on the Web-Slinger. Having initially told his two counterparts he’s never fought an alien, a new report claims there are big plans afoot for The Amazing Spider-Man. During the end credits scene of Venom: Let There Be Carnage, Tom Hardy’s Eddie Brock was transported to the MCU, before being sent back in the mid-credits of Spider-Man: No Way Home. Just like Garfield’s Peter Parker, he’s from a non-MCU universe, but could they be from the same one? Interestingly, Morbius director Daniel Espinosa confirmed to CinemaBlend: “Morbius lives in the same universe as Venom.  This is the universe we saw Venom exit at the end of VENOM: LET THERE BE CARNAGE and return to at the end of SPIDER-MAN: NO WAY HOME.” The filmmaker then went on to tease there’s a Spider-Man variant in this Venom/Morbius universe too. Espinosa said: “Of course. It is my understanding that audiences will discover the answer soon.” Given that Maguire already faced a Venom variant played by Topher Grace in Spider-Man 3, surely it must be Garfield’s. Adding to the speculation, Geekosity’s sources claim Tom Hardy’s Venom will fight Garfield’s Spider-Man in either Venom 3 or The Amazing Spider-Man 3. It’s not clear which one just yet, but the outlet teased a few more tantalising details. They wrote: “One thing is for sure, Sony wants them to meet. Sony wants to show that Venom is an anti-hero. In other words, he will be the villain in the film. Eddie Brock is not a hero by choice, but a hero because of certain situations. Remember that Venom can fully control Eddie Brock if he needs it to happen. So, there may be a point where Venom can be just a full-on villain. Which is why Sony is leaning toward making this The Amazing Spider-Man 3. But as I mentioned earlier, it’s not final. Sony wants a Spider-Man in their universe that doesn’t interfere with the MCU. And Sony understands that there is a good fanbase for Andrew Garfield to return as the web-slinger.” DON'T MISSMorbius universe has Spider-Man, Iron Man and Fantastic Four variants [MORBIUS]Morbius: Jared Leto drops major Tom Holland Spider-Man crossover hint [TOM HOLLAND]Morbius release date: How does Spider-Man spin-off fit into MCU? [MCU] Whatever the case, anything looks possible now that the Marvel multiverse has opened up. Trailers for Morbius have shown Michael Keaton’s Vulture from MCU movie Spider-Man: Homecoming interacting with Leto’s Living Vampire. And interestingly Espinosa confirmed he is exactly the same character saying: “At the end of VENOM: LET THERE BE CARNAGE and SPIDER-MAN: NO WAY HOME, and in NO WAY HOME itself, it is clearly established that it is possible for characters to transfer from one Multiverse to another. The events of NO WAY HOME had the effect of transferring Venom and Vulture (and maybe others ) back and forth between the MCU and the Venom Universe.” Morbius hits UK cinemas on Thursday, March 31, 2022. GEEKOSITY