New research published in Arthritis & Rheumatology has found that people with psoriatic disease are more likely to develop heart disease. Long-term inflammation inside the body could impact the heart and blood vessels. This increases the risk of heart disease, stroke, and cardiovascular problems. Research also suggests that this mostly applies to people that have moderate to severe psoriatic disease. Psoriatic disease is an autoimmune condition affecting the skin and joints. The disease includes two conditions. The first one is psoriasis and it occurs when the immune system causes inflammation on the skin. The second one is psoriatic arthritis, which happens when the immune system causes inflammation in the joints. READ MORE: Diabetes: The feeling 'at night' that could be an indication of high blood sugar levels “Our study provides new insights regarding the pathophysiology of cardiovascular diseases in psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis,” said Doctor Lihi Eder, associate professor of Medicine at Women's College Hospital and the University of Toronto. However, the author explained that testing for cardiac biomarkers “is not recommended for risk stratification of asymptomatic patients with psoriatic disease”. Heart disease remains a leading cause of mortality in patients with psoriatic disease. That is why further studies encourage identifying heart problems early, rather than only focusing on the skin and joint disease. According to another study, psoriatic arthritis, which affects up to 30 percent of patients with psoriasis, is associated with a higher incidence of heart disease compared with the general population. The condition is linked "with a 55 percent increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases, such as ischemic heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, and congestive heart failure”. Research also suggests that, in turn, heart disease can increase the severity of psoriatic disease. This also lowers the likelihood of response to therapy. Researchers have suggested that addressing the risk of heart disease in psoriatic patients could “improve quality of life and functional status”. They argued that a more effective strategy to screen and manage heart disease in patients with psoriasis could be educating family doctors and specialists on the relationship between the conditions. Apart from blood markers, the most common way to detect heart disease is a physical exam. Often, doctors will order an ECG, a Holter monitoring, or a stress test to help confirm the diagnosis.