The Speaker of the House of Commons Sir Linday Hoyle announced on Monday evening that a “historic” address would be made by Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky to allow him to speak directly with politicians in the UK. Mr Zelensky has talked to parliamentarians around the world, both privately and publicly, since his country was invaded by Russia nearly two weeks ago. Mr Zelensky will make his address in the Commons, via a video link, at 5pm on Tuesday. His speech will be streamed live onto screens that were specially fitted overnight in the chamber. More than 500 headsets will also be made available so MPs can hear a simultaneous translation in English. Sir Lindsay said: "Every parliamentarian wants to hear directly from the President, who will be speaking to us live from Ukraine, so this is an important opportunity for the House. READ MORE: Brexit: ‘Exclude the EU!’ Furious Britons erupt  "Thanks again to our incredible staff for working at pace to make this historic address possible." The Ukrainian President is expected to ask for more arms and will repeat calls for a no-fly zone over Ukraine. Western leaders have so far denied his request as it could lead to the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) having to shoot down Russian planes. The concern is that if that happened, it could lead to all out war across the globe.  Mr Zelensky will begin speaking, via a video link in the Ukrainian capital Kyiv, from 5pm on Tuesday. Parliament Live TV will be streaming proceedings from the Commons on its website. Alternatively, you can watch his speech on the BBC Parliament channel which is available on BBC iPlayer and on Freeview channel 232. DON'T MISS: Wallace lays down the law to Putin after warmonger ramps up WW3 threat [NEWS]Russia growing 'very vulnerable' as 'easy target' troops losing Mosco [INSIGHT]Russians disclose General’s death as comms broken by OWN army [EXPLAINED]  It’s extremely rare that world leaders are afforded the chance to speak directly in the Commons. Typically, they deliver addresses to both Houses of Parliament outside the chamber, such as in Westminster Hall. The Ukrainian President will be speaking 13 days after Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops to invade Ukraine. Moscow has described the war as a “special military operation” and has banned Russian based media outlets from using the terms “assault, invasion, or declaration of war” within their reporting.  Since the invasion began, Mr Zelensky has been in close contact with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. He has also spoken live to members of the European Union (EU) parliament and US Congress in the past week. During the weekend, Mr Zelensky made a "desperate plea" to US politicians for further military aid not currently being supplied by the West, including anti-aircraft missiles, planes and drones. In an emotional speech to the EU, he declared his country would repel the Russian invasion and called on Europe to prove its support for Ukraine by allowing it to join the bloc. 