The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were scheduled to visit a cacao farm in an indigenous region of Belize but the country’s government announced it was cancelled after local villagers staged a protest against their arrival. The vital royal tour comes as Britain is under growing scrutiny from its former colonies in the Caribbean and Central America following Barbados' decision to cut ties with the Royal Family to become an independent republic and the damaging Windrush migrants scandal.  The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge embark on the 8 day tour on Saturday to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The royal couple are scheduled to start the tour in Belize, staying for three days before moving on to Jamaica and the Bahamas. The Cambridges were due to visit the Akte 'il Ha cacao farm in the Maya village of Indian Creek in the Toledo district on Sunday morning, according to a preliminary schedule. However, people in the village said they were upset that they were not consulted about the planned landing of the royal couple's helicopter, sparking a protest attended by a few dozen people on Friday morning  A contingency plan would be implemented and a new site announced shortly, the Belize government press service said on Friday. Indian Creek is currently in dispute with Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation group which lists the Duke as a patron. FFI has property near the village's communal land, which has caused friction over ownership rights, according to local residents who spoke with Reuters. Sebastian Shol, chairman of Indian Creek village, told the Daily Mail that the Royal couple could land anywhere but the villager's land. READ MORE: Prince William pays sweet tribute to Prince Harry  He said: “We don’t want them to land on our land, that’s the message that we want to send. They could land anywhere but not on our land.” Belize Television Channel 7 reported on its website that the villagers were unhappy that they hadn't been consulted about the visit. They said: “Prince William and his wife, Kate the Duchess of Cambridge arrive in Belize on Saturday afternoon – and a highlight of their trip is a visit to a cacao farm in the Toledo District. “The problem is – it’s in Indian Creek village – which has been in open conflict with Flora and Fauna International which owns an adjoining, contested property. DON'T MISS:  Queen’s everyday handbag items laid bare, by expert [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: Harry mocked over decision on UK return  [INSIGHT] Royal POLL: Will you listen to Meghan Markle’s new Spotify podcast? [SPOTLIGHT]  “More than that Prince William is a patron of that conservation organisation. “And it appears to villagers preparations are being made for the Prince’s helicopter to and on the village football field. “And tonight they are saying they weren’t consulted and they don’t want the Prince in their village!” 