Hard water stains and limescale can cause discolouration on your bathtub which can be difficult to remove. However, you don't necessarily need expensive cleaning products to tackle these stubborn grime build-up From vinegar to baking soda, there are several household ingredients that are frequently touted for their natural cleaning abilities around the home. When it comes to scrubbing your bath, baking soda, white vinegar and even lemon juice could all work to return your tub to its former glory. However, before embarking on homemade cleaning hacks it is important to check the specific care instructions for your bathtub. Some tubs made from metals or porcelain may be damaged by certain substances. READ MORE: DIY homeowner uses clever Dunelm trick to transform stairs for £117 According to FamilyHandyMan.com, white vinegar works best to remove yellow stains and soap scum. The DIY website explains: "This is the preferred bathtub stain remover, to use on the delicate surface of an acrylic tub." You can make your own bath cleaning solution by diluting equal parts of white vinegar with water. Transfer the solution into a spray bottle, and spritz it onto the surface of your bath. For a deeper clean, leave the solution to sit for 15 minutes before wiping away with a soft cloth. DON'T MISSHow to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [REVEALED]How to kill ‘pesky’ garden weeds and prevent growth this spring [EXPLAINER]How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT] Baking soda is great for household cleaning because it dissolves organic compounds like dirt and grease. The mineral structure of baking soda also provides a gentle abrasive to clean without leaving scratches. To clean bathtub stains, you can make a paste of water and baking soda which can be spread on the affected areas. Alternatively, sprinkle baking soda onto the stained areas and add water. The baking soda and water should begin to bubble. Let this sit for two to three minutes before scrubbing. However be sure not to let the mixture sit for too long, as this may do more harm than good to be surface of your tub. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Lemon juice is rich in citric acid and has a low pH which works well to cut through soap scum. To remove this scum from your bathtub, rub the surfaces with a cut lemon. The acid in the lemon breaks down bacteria and dirt found in soap scum. To keep these areas free of soap scum, rinse them thoroughly after each use.