Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has called for direct talks with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin. He says he is ready for a compromise to end the war that has raged for nearly a month, and has triggered the biggest armed conflict in Europe since World War 2. Mr Zelensky said the status of the territories in Ukraine's east — likely referring to Luhansk and Donetsk — could be up for debate. The former comedian added that Ukraine's plans for NATO membership could also be shelved if Russia withdrew its troops in return. Earlier this week, he said: "At the first meeting with the president of Russia, I am ready to raise these issues. “It’s a compromise for everyone: for the West, which doesn’t know what to do with us with regard to NATO, for Ukraine, which wants security guarantees, and for Russia, which doesn’t want further NATO expansion." While Mr Zelensky and Putin have not themselves met yet, delegations from either side have convened several times in a bid to put an end to the bloodshed. But some are now questioning whether the negotiations could simply be a front by Russia to gain time, regroup its forces and resume its offensive on the capital, Kyiv, which it has so far failed to capture. Natia Seskuria, an associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), said she believed negotiations in war can often be used to make space for military tactics. Asked whether she believed that could be Putin's intention, she told Express.co.uk: "I think negotiations can definitely be a certain strategy to gain some time in terms of solving the tactical issues that they have been experiencing so far." A convoy of hundreds of Russian military vehicles and thousands of personnel was initially stuck outside Kyiv for two weeks due to fuel and logistical issues. JUST IN: 'Paranoid' Putin has 'something going on in his head' But the group is now thought to be on the move after satellite images earlier this month showed tanks and vehicles dispersing into the woods. Some Ukrainian officials believe the capital could soon be surrounded and face the same fate as devastated cities like Mariupol and Kharkiv. While she believes the negotiations could be stalling tactics, Ms Seskuria suggested that the talks could also be used by Russia to justify its attack. She said: "At the same time, Russia also needs some kind of pretext to say that they have tried to speak to Ukraine and negotiate with them — that it was because of Ukraine's decision that it had to continue with shelling the cities and will continue with the military option. DON'T MISS Putin's 'lover' could hold key to ending war – friends beg mystery [REPORT] Russia tactics: Forced deportations and slave labour - Mariupol latest [INSIGHT] US President at critical juncture as approval rating steadies [ANALYSIS] "The demands they have imposed have been absolute non-starters for Ukraine because these included not only political neutrality but also demands such as recognition of the independence of the Russian-occupied Ukrainian territories of Luhansk and Donetsk, and also Crimea. "But I think if the Russian military does not gain any substantial advantage, they will be more willing to sit at the negotiating table and force Ukraine to accept these terms under the pressure of cities being shelled and the civilian population being killed. "We saw how the Opera House in Mariupol was bombed where many people and children were hiding. "This was a very open message that all the brutal means will be used if Ukraine doesn't abide by the Russian demands or until Russia achieves its goals in Ukraine, which I believe is regime change." Russia had given Ukraine a deadline to give up its besieged port city of Mariupol, where 300,000 people are believed to be trapped with dwindling supplies. But Ukraine missed this deadline to surrender and rejected the ultimatum. The country's Deputy Prime Minister, Yulia Svyrydenko, was quoted by Ukrainska Pravda news outlet as saying: "There can be no question of any surrender, laying down of arms." Speaking to the BBC, an advisor to the city's mayor said Russia's promises could not be trusted and the defenders would fight to the last soldier. Dmytro Gurin, a Ukrainian MP, has since accused Russia of trying to starve Mariupol into surrendering. Residents have endured weeks of bombardment with no power or running water. Mr Gurin said: "Russians don't open humanitarian corridors, they don't let humanitarian convoys enter the city and we clearly see now that the goal of the Russians is to start to [create] hunger [in the city] to enforce their position in the diplomatic process. "If the city does not surrender, and the city will not surrender, they won't let people out. "They won't let humanitarian convoys into the city."