Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is a kitchen cupboard ingredient typically used as a leavening agent in baking. However, it isn't just keen bakers who are avid fans of this white powder. Baking soda is also hailed for its many cleaning uses around the home. The ingredient can be used on its own or mixed with liquids such as water or white vinegar to create a cleaning solution. Baking soda's chemical compound, as well as its consistency, make it great for dissolving dirt and even getting rid of unwanted odours. However, as well as scrubbing surfaces, the product can also be thrown in with your weekly laundry. Here are three ways to use baking soda when washing your clothes. READ MORE: White vinegar for cleaning: 5 things vinegar and baking soda can clean Although most strong laundry detergents should be able to break up bacteria cells on fabric and get rid of unwanted smells, less expensive detergents may not be as effective. Luckily, baking soda can be used to help regulate the pH level in your washing machine's water. Adding half a cup of baking soda to each laundry load can stop the water from being too acidic or too alkaline, and reduce bacteria. For more pungent smells, such as in the armpits of sportswear, baking soda and water can be used as a pre-soak. Dissolve up to two cups of baking soda in warm water, and allow the affected area to soak in this mixture before popping it into the washing machine. DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [COMMENT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ trick to cleaning your air fryer [EXPLAINER]Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it [REPORT] Baking soda can work wonders when it comes to reviving white garments. If you have noticed your white clothes looking a little bit drab, add around half a cup of baking soda to your wash. This can be done without the need for harsh chemicals such as bleach. Alternatively, create a baking soda soak by adding a cup or two of baking soda to around four litres of water. Leave your whites to soak overnight before washing in the morning as usual. According to The Spruce, half a cup of baking soda added to a wash will also "boost the performance of your detergent". This is especially useful for people who are using a cheaper detergent or who live in a hard water area. However, it is important to note that the dry baking soda should be added to the washing machine bin, not placed in the dispenser. As baking soda helps to regulate the pH level in the washer's rinse water, this can help with softening clothes naturally. Add half a cup of baking soda to your wash for best results. This will act as a balance to suspend detergent or mineral deposits in the water and keep them from redepositing on clothes. Baking soda is less harsh than synthetic fabric softeners and is great for people who are sensitive to perfumed products.