Chelsea's current predicament in the aftermath of sanctions imposed on outgoing owner Roman Abramovich has welcomed a new realistic candidate in Manchester United's manager search. Thomas Tuchel could be available at the end of the season and will likely be at the top of many shortlists. The Guardian report United are monitoring Tuchel's situation due to his impressive CV, including last season's Champions League in his debut season with Chelsea. Express Sport identifies four potential transfer targets the German coach could look to reunite with if he arrives at Old Trafford. Antonio Rudiger Antonio Rudiger has been one of the cores of Tuchel's success at Stamford Bridge during his short tenure. In recent years, the German centre-back has flourished into one of Europe's top defenders and is likely to be available on a free transfer this summer. Rudiger's contract expires in June, and as it stands, Chelsea aren't permitted to negotiate and sign off extensions with current playing staff. With United set to pursue a centre-back ahead of the 2022/23 campaign but also needing to focus on other areas, the 29-year-old presents immense value. JUST IN: Arsenal encouraged to bring back Wenger in to close gap on challengers Christopher Nkunku Christopher Nkunku has also been linked with United ahead of the summer transfer window amid a phenomenal season at RB Leipzig. The 24-year-old attacking midfielder has been involved in 38 goals in as many games this term, registering 26 goals and 12 assists. But some might forget that he made 29 appearances in the 2018/19 season at Paris Saint-Germain under Tuchel. And although the Chelsea boss sanctioned his sale to Leipzig at the end of that season, he could eye Nkunku as extra creativity. Ousmane Dembele Ousmane Dembele has been linked with a switch to Old Trafford for years, most recently in January after it became apparent that he wouldn't be extending his Barcelona contract. And speculation will likely be rife again this summer once he becomes a free agent, especially considering United's need for a right-winger. DON'T MISS: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp steps up pursuit of Barcelona ace Dembele made 49 appearances as Tuchel's star man at Borussia Dortmund in the 2016/17 season before his £136million move to Camp Nou. Despite his injury issues and largely underwhelming spell in Spain, the Frenchman is still only 24 and could be an enticing option. Alexander Isak Alexander Isak may have only made one appearance under Tuchel in the 16/17 DFB-Pokal, but that matches the required criteria to be included in this list. And the towering Swedish striker's stock has only risen after his move to Real Sociedad in 2019. Isak, 22, is one of Europe's hottest young forwards and has also been linked with Arsenal ahead of this summer. But with United set to sign a new striker to replace Edinson Cavani, they could challenge the Gunners for his signature. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here