Manchester United have now made contact with Ajax boss Erik ten Hag to sound out his availability ahead of the summer, according to reports, as Old Trafford chiefs prepare to up the ante in their search for the club's next permanent manager. The impressive tactician, who guided the Dutch giants to the Champions League semi-finals in 2018/19, has made his way towards the top of United's shortlist as they seek to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign.  Ten Hag has also been considered by the likes of Bayern Munich and Barcelona in recent seasons but he has remained committed to his ambitious project in Amsterdam. He was also on Tottenham's radar last year in their never-ending search for Jose Mourinho's replacement following Ryan Mason's underwhelming stint as interim manager. Although Spurs were hopeful of appointing the 52-year-old, who has won two Eredivisie titles with Ajax, Ten Hag committed to a new contract in Holland - extending his stay at the club. However, things could be very different this summer when United are bound to enter the picture. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell According to journalist Jonathan Shrager, United chiefs have now reached out to Ten Hag's representatives in a bid to determine whether he'd be interested in the job. Recent reports appeared to suggest Ten Hag was currently working on refining and mastering his English ahead of potential future ventures in the Premier League. Newcastle also made an audacious push for Ten Hag following the completion of their £305million Saudi-backed takeover in October. The Magpies were reportedly willing to pay the highly-rated coach up to £11m-per-season to move to St James' Park. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration Ten Hag politely declined and instead reaffirmed his commitment to Ajax, stating: "I live in the present, so I find it hard to answer this [on whether he'd consider the job after Ajax]. "I always want to improve my team, and as long as I feel this motivation I want to keep going if Ajax wants that too." The Ajax manager is not the only name on United's radar, though... It's no secret that Mauricio Pochettino is another serious contender in the frame but his availability will hinge on his Paris Saint-Germain future. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Argentine is under increasing pressure at the Parc des Princes, where winning the Ligue 1 title may still not be deemed good enough come the end of the campaign. PSG have already fought to keep Pochettino following an approach from his former club Tottenham last summer but this time around, there could be a parting of ways. Carlo Ancelotti has also been mooted as an outside candidate, although he is currently in charge at Real Madrid after taking over from Zinedine Zidane. Spain boss Luis Enrique has also attracted admirers at Old Trafford but he will remain in charge of La Roja for December's World Cup in Qatar - meaning United's managerial search is now looking like a two-horse race.