Cathy Eastburn, 54, is among the 56 people who have had action taken against them by the Met Police today. Her husband, public transport boss Benedict Plowden, 58, left TfL and his £170,000-a-year job at the end of October. The Met Police said 12 people are each accused of two counts of causing a public nuisance at junction 14 of the M25 on September 13 last year, and at junction 25 of the M25 on September 15. They are due to appear at Stratford Magistrates' Court on Friday, April 22. Another 50 people are charged with causing a public nuisance at junction 14 of the M25 on September 27, and will appear at the same court on April 29. Some defendants have been charged as part of both cases. Ms Eastburn, a Cambridge graduate, was apprehended four times in nine days amid Insulate Britain’s September protests. She was released without charge without being interviewed each time she was arrested. Ms Eastburn was previously arrested for glueing herself to a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) train, and in 2019 was given a 12-month conditional discharge and had to pay £1,800. She previously told the Sunday Times she thought her actions were “proportionate” because forcing drivers to sit in traffic for hours was “incomparable to the kind of chaos that's coming down the track - major flooding and major food shortages”. READ LATEST: Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe touches down on British soil In 2019, the Sun reported Ms Eastburn lived with Benedict Plowden, 58, in South London and she has allowed David McKenny, 38, a fellow activist, to stay at the home. Greg Smith, a Conservative MP and member of the transport select committee told the newspaper: “Insulate Britain has caused untold misery for individuals and businesses over recent weeks. “It is an absolute kick in the teeth that someone senior in TfL — an arm of the British state — has been harbouring them in their house. This is unacceptable. “It is unbelievable that someone in TfL — who have themselves been victim to these extremists — have been looking after these extremists in luxury.” TfL said at the time that Mr Plowden would be stepping down after 20 years at the organisation. A spokesman said: “We do not comment on the activities of the families of our staff. “Ben Plowden has been a dedicated servant of London for many years — including playing a pivotal role in ensuring the London 2012 Games were a success. “He decided several weeks ago that he will be leaving TfL at the end of October to pursue other opportunities.” The announcement follows separate charges brought by Kent Police earlier this month against 74 people, which marked the first criminal cases brought against Insulate Britain protesters. They had previously only faced legal action in the civil courts, with several jailed for breaching injunctions. Insulate Britain, an offshoot of Extinction Rebellion, wants the Government to insulate all UK homes by 2030 to cut carbon emissions. It repeatedly blocked major roads between September and November, causing long traffic jams. Activists often glued their hands to roads or each other to make it harder to remove them.