 Stand up comedian and star of Fresh Meat and Bad Education, Jack Whitehall, is one of many celebrities featuring in tonight’s Comic Relief. He will take on Premier League players Mason Mount and Declan Rice in the Mini Golf Challenge. The comic is no stranger to live shows — he hosted the BRIT Awards for four years and became the youngest person ever to host the Royal Variety Performance in 2015.  Prior to his hosting debut, Jack had been a regular performer on the annual show. In fact the year before, he performed in front of the guests of honour — the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge — who were watching the performance from the royal box for the first time. The Bad Education star saw this as the perfect opportunity to bring up his connection to the Duchess, a gamble that resulted in an awkward encounter with the Duke. During his act, Jack explained that he and Kate had both attended Marlborough College, an exclusive private school in Wiltshire.  He said: “We were actually at school together. This is true. We were at the same school. “I was a bit younger than you, but this is the first time I’ve seen you since school, so hello.” While he never spoke to Kate, who is six years his senior, during their time at school, Jack admitted that the Duchess was his “first ever crush”. He said: “I don’t know whether it’s appropriate given the circumstances, but you were probably my first ever crush.  “Okay, definitely inappropriate. Your Highness is giving me a very sharp look.” William’s “sharp look” was followed up with an uncomfortable conversation behind the scenes. Speaking on ‘The Jonathan Ross Show’, Jack revealed that the prince had called him out on his comments after the show.  He told Mr Ross: “I flirted a little because I said she was one of my first crushes at school. “And then in the line-up William came over and he was very funny. “Because he was very nice, but very passive-aggressive, ‘Oh so you were flirting with my missus? Oh no, no, that was very, very funny’. “That’s him going, ‘I could have you beheaded.’” However, despite branding Kate as “the one that got away”, Jack admitted that he never had a chance with the Duchess. He said: “She was a lot older than me. She was in sixth form ‒ it was never going to happen, I was in a head brace!” DON'T MISSQueen holds face-to-face audience with poet Grace Nichols [REPORT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [INSIGHT] Queen needed 'generous deal' as the royals were 'running out of money' [ANALYSIS]  Jack is known for his cheeky sense of humour and has since poked fun at other members of the Royal Family. The comic roasted Prince Harry during his opening routine at the 2015 Royal Variety.  He took aim at Harry’s military service in Afghanistan and the prince’s red-headed complexion. Addressing Harry from the stage, Jack said he “was not belittling” the prince’s “amazing achievement”.  However, he then added: “What you did in Afghanistan…the bravery, a ginger guy in that heat, wow! “The first time you get a Victoria Cross just for stepping out of the shade.” The prince took the joke in good spirit and later shared a laugh with the funnyman.  Jack will return to our screens tonight to mark the 36th anniversary of Red Nose Day. Last year, the Red Nose Day festivities raised £55million for the Comic Relief charity. Since 1985, when the charity was founded, Comic Relief has raised more than £1billion. Jack will be among many familiar faces completing challenges in the name of charity, with the likes of Sir Lenny Henry, Paddy McGuinness, Alesha Dixon, David Tennant and Zoe Ball hosting the event. Comic Relief 2022 will start at 7pm on BBC One.