Manchester United legend Gary Neville has blasted his former club's response to exiting the Champions League. Neville says senior figures at Old Trafford should not have made their presence elsewhere known following last Tuesday's loss to Atletico Madrid. United lost 1-0 to Atletico to head out of the competition 2-1 on aggregate. Renan Lodi's first-half strike was enough to end the Red Devils' trophy hopes this season. United now don't have a match until April 2, when Leicester make the trip to Manchester. The clash with Liverpool at the weekend was postponed due to the Reds' involvement in the FA Cup, and now an international break puts a halt to club football. Some at United have taken the opportunity to head on a break. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick was in Barbados over the weekend to watch the Test match between West Indies and England. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win  Rangnick's presence at the cricket in the Caribbean was known after a tweet from the official West Indies Twitter account pictured the German alongside former batter Gordon Greenidge on Saturday. United co-owner Avram Glazer was also spotted at the opening race of the F1 season in Bahrain. Fans pictured the American seemingly queuing to purchase a kebab. And Neville has made it clear he is not impressed by the likes of Rangnick and Glazer making their presence known elsewhere. The former right-back took to Twitter on Monday morning to explain his anger. Neville tweeted: "I remember a time when United players, managers, executives wouldn’t be seen in their local Italian after a draw at home let alone getting knocked out of Europe. This last week we’ve seen a global tour of F1, Concerts, Cricket and UFC events. This lot are Tone Deaf!" DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES]Arsenal's £184m transfer mission on three signings will provide true test for Mikel Arteta [OPINION]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has five problems to solve over international break [COMMENT]  A follower replied directly to Neville, condemning his tweet. They wrote: "These players are human beings, do you expect them to stay in their houses in isolation? Expect better from someone who was a player for all those years." But Neville stood by his opinion and gave a response. He wrote: "I expect them to adapt to circumstances and go on holiday but quietly!" United are now set to go over five years without winning silverware. Following the Atletico loss, Neville admitted he was not surprised with the outcome. He tweeted last Wednesday: "No surprise last night. Any decent team, with organisation and fight are likely to beat this United team. It’s why I couldn’t get excited after Spurs last Saturday because that Spurs performance would will get you beat v a good team. A long road in to the end of May!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  