Loose Women guest panellist Linda Nolan has told how she'll "do anything to stay alive" following a devastating cancer update from her doctor. In a new interview, the TV star, 63, told of her heartache at being warned the chemotherapy for her cancer treatment had not worked. After being told there is no cure for her cancer, the singer will continue to receive weekly sessions of chemo for the rest of her life, adding that she plans to "make the most of the time she has left". Speaking bravely about being given her diagnosis, Linda told how she was a "complete mess". "I started the chemo again in September but the doctor said it hadn’t done what they hoped it would do," she told The Sun. "The tumours on my liver were enlarged and were growing, so they had to put me back on chemo again. READ MORE: 'It's sad' Karren Brady on Oprah Winfrey being hailed as a role model "It was a shock. But I’ll do anything to stay alive. "We agreed on a 12-week course, once a week every Friday," she added. The star was first diagnosed with stage three breast cancer back in 2005. However, the next year she was given the all clear. Eleven years later, Linda was told she had secondary breast cancer. It was only identified after it had spread to her hip following a fall. Devastatingly, medical professionals told the star there was no cure for her cancer. In May 2020, they confirmed that it had also spread to her liver. DON'T MISS... Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen on near-death accident while filming BBC show [INSIGHT]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Meghan Markle's Spotify verdict as 'beyond parody' [UPDATE] The disease has also affected other members of her family, with Linda's sister Bernie Nolan lost to secondary breast cancer in 2013 when she was just 52. Linda previously revealed that she and her sister Anne Nolan were re-diagnosed with cancer on the same day. In their book Stronger Together, Linda told how she found out that her incurable cancer had spread to her liver, 30 minutes after hearing the devastating news that her sister Anne Nolan had found a lump in her breast. Anne was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2000 but has since been given the all-clear. Linda has also spoken about overcoming the hardships of losing her eyelashes, eyebrows and hair and having her nails turn to "chalk" as a result of chemo. During an appearance on BBC Breakfast, she said that losing her hair due to the treatment had “traumatised” her. “I’ve got certain side effects from the chemo. I've got pins and needles in my fingers and my toes," the star explained. “But it hasn't been too bad. I think for me personally I was traumatised, losing my hair. At the time you feel like you're being a little bit vain but I think everybody takes it differently."