The hit NBC series follows the lives of the brave firefighters and first responders at Firehouse 51. Despite its most recent gripping episode, fans will have to wait a while longer to see more of the Chicago Fire Department.  As fans tune in each week for a tense instalment of Chicago Fire, the action-packed drama has come to an unexpected halt. Unfortunately due to a scheduling shake-up, new episodes from the franchise will be taking a lengthy hiatus from the network. Despite only just returning from a month-long break due to the Winter Olympics, it’s not yet known why Chicago Fire will be delayed. Instead, viewers will be forced to watch a trio of re-runs in next week’s slot of Wednesday, March 23. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' It’s also safe to expect re-runs on the following week as the next anticipated date of the firefighter drama is Wednesday, April 6. According to CarterMatt.com the reason for the hiatus could be down to the showrunners needing more time to put the episodes together in post-production. Due to the meticulous process of editing, it’s likely the show could require additional time to finalise each episode. It could also allow for the crew to film additional episodes, so they will be ready to gain tons of ratings during the key periods in May.  The delay will affect the entire franchise, which means Chicago PD and Chicago Med will also face a scheduling shake-up. After realising the beloved shows would go on hiatus fans took to social media to share their frustrations. @brittanymadams wrote: “April 6th are you kidding right now?!?!” @BTB_stellaride added: “APRIL 6th !!!! I have to wait 3 weeks again!” DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [REACTION]Why did Jesse Spencer leave Chicago Fire as Matthew Casey? [INSIGHT]Chicago Fire's Monica Raymund opens up on real reason for exit [INSIGHT] @Tiffany05822870 complained: “NOOOOOOOOOOOOO APRIL 6 WHAT!!!!! TOOO LONG!!!” @AnnaFS1007 tweeted: “They didn't even give me promo's. I could have over analysed those till April 6th but nope.” Without promo videos, fans will have to wait to find out what more could go down at the fire department after such a tense 16th episode. In the instalment titled ‘Hot and Fast,’ it was revealed Sylvie Brett (played by Kara Kilmer) would officially be leaving Chicago.  After a series of emotional breakdowns as a result of her long-distance relationship, Sylvie also decided to make the leap. She revealed she would be moving to Portland, to be with her boyfriend Matthew Casey (Jesse Spencer) who fans also had to say goodbye to earlier this season. Fans also watched as Stella Kidd (Miranda Rae Mayo) settled into her new role as Lieutenant for the first time. Hopefully for fans, as the week goes on the network will soon release the promo video for episode 17 to give viewers a major insight. Chicago Fire season 10 will return to NBC on Wednesday, Wednesday, April 6. 