Michael Weatherly has played psychologist Jason Bull in CBS' Bull since 2016. The actor is no stranger to working with the CBS having appeared as senior field agent Anthony DiNozzo in NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service since the show's inception in 2003: it was here he met actress Sasha Alexander. Sasha Alexander made regular appearances on NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service as Caitlin Todd between 2003 and 2015. With the two having great on-screen chemistry, Michael seemed thrilled to be reunited with the star again. Sasha, 48, still works as an actress but is racking up credits as a director and is lending her hand to an upcoming episode of Bull. She has previously directed an episode of the Netflix smash-hit You and an episode of Rizzoli & Isles, which she starred in as a lead for over 100 episodes. Read More: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns as Marlon Dingle discovers he has another child? Michael, 53 shared a teaser of their rekindling on set with his 466,800 Twitter followers. He tweeted a video with the caption: "I'm very excited that @sashaalexander is directing one of the last episodes of #Bull and maybe clips should follow…" In the video, he described: "So if Sasha Alexander is directing an episode of Bull, I should post something with us talking, right?" The short snippet whipped fans up into a frenzy. @AnkeL74 commented: "I am very pleased that she is taking over the direction. The jobs behind the camera are super interesting. I remember the scene from NCIS where she dies as 'Caitlin (Kate),' well. I was so scared the first time I saw it." @EvansNicolina added: "Oh yes! Soon please! Loads of clips! So lovely to see you both reunited and working together again after all these years. Love you both! Have fun! @AussieFan13 Would be great to see you two working again after so long. Tony and Kate were so good to watch on NCIS." @HeatherctjLove chimed in: "I'm very excited she is directing an episode also! Also, I'm excited that you two get to work together again!!!!" The pair are working together on the sixth season of Bull which will also be the show's final outing. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale theory: Rishi Sharma's secret illness exposed in Manpreet Sharma twist? [SPOILERS]'I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on regret over Marian Brook role [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Bethany Platt to return for Adam Barlow's funeral?  [SPOILERS] Michael announced that the show would end on Twitter earlier in the year. The star said: "I've decided it's time to pursue new creative challenges and bring his story to a close. "It has been an honour to work with this talented cast, crew, and writing/producing team who helped reinvent the legal drama. "Stay tuned for a big series finish. Thanks to all the fans from the bottom of my heart. You will always be a part of our Bull family!" CBS also released a statement saying: "For six seasons, Bull has established itself as a ratings winner with its fresh take on the judicial process never before seen on television,” the network said in a statement.  “We extend our thanks to the talented cast, Michael Weatherly, Geneva Carr, Yara Martinez, Jaime Lee Kirchner, Christopher Jackson, MacKenzie Meehan, the incredible creative team led by Kathryn Price and Nichole Millard, and our hard-working crew, for bringing to life these innovative stories. "We also thank our loyal viewers and look forward to providing them with a final run of compelling episodes filled with the humour, intelligence and twists that have made the drama a fan favourite.” Season six episode one aired in October 2021, with episodes having a staggered release. Bull season six continues Thursday, March 31 on CBS. 