The money saving expert previously said customers who topped up their prepayment meters before the price cap rise on April 1 would be able to save on gas and electricity – because they would pay the cheaper rate. He told concerned energy customers if they topped up on a non-smart prepayment meter before the April 1 price cap rise, they would be charged the cheaper rate. However Mr Lewis said MoneySavingExpert received written confirmation of the prepayment meter rates from all major firms except Scottish Power. He has now said, on behalf of himself and Money Saving Expert, he's "sorry" as it emerged the bulk-buying hack won’t work on all suppliers after all. He reiterated his concerns when speaking as a witness to the Business, Energy and Industrial Committee about his fears surrounding rising energy prices He told the committee the energy hack "was of course the advice and guidance we've been giving" to pre-prepayment customers ahead of a price hike that will see customers on meters pay around £708 more for gas and electricity. READ MORE: Free bus pass: Four transport discounts you could be eligible for "I have been very concerned that a number of companies are doing it to improve their cash-flow situation at the expense of their customers. “I would like to see the regulator crack down on that quite substantially. "It's important to remember that there is no competition in the market any more. This is not a market - no one can switch." With energy bills due to rise by an average of 54 percent on April 1, millions of households are being urged to take gas and electricity meter readings the day before. The aim is to ensure people can get the current, cheaper rates for all the energy they use right up until close of play on Thursday. Otherwise suppliers might charge some of it at the new higher unit prices. Although the price hike is set to affect many households, Mr Lewis said a lot of people won't have to the tools to be able to handle the situation. He said Ofgem is under resourced to deal with the number of issues with the market. He continued: "There's so much going on in the energy market and Ofgem is under resourced to deal with the number of companies gone bust and what's happening in the energy market. “The amount of playing fast and loose that seems to be going on is huge right now." The money saving expert said he hopes to have "watertight" information about prepayment meters by lunchtime today. In the post, he added: "I'm gutted to have now discovered that in some cases that information was duff. The fact is on gas meters – it seems no one had worked out that it couldn't work (we've had apologies from some firms that told us it would). "On behalf of both me and MSE, I'm sorry. Diligent research is what we pride ourselves on." Gareth Kloet, the energy spokesperson at the comparison site GoCompare, said: “We would urge all bill payers to take both gas and electricity meter readings on March 31 and make sure you submit these to your supplier.”