BBC Breakfast weatherman Owain Wyn Evans has taken to Twitter to hit back at a troll after they left a comment criticising his drumming, branding it "limp-wristed" and "effeminate". The BBC star, 38, didn't hesitate to fire back after the rude social media user claimed that the Welsh star's drumming skills would have "offended" The Who's drummer, the late Keith Moon. In view of his 119,800 Twitter followers, the BBC presenter wished his fans a good morning before firing back at the troll. Owain fired back at the viewer who had criticised him by writing: "Good morning dahlings! "As you know, I am more than happy with my limp-wristed, effeminate drumming. "Keith Moon, as well as being an amazing drummer, enjoyed dressing up in drag… READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma "So would probably have approved of a camp drummer," he added, alongside a laughing emoji and a drum emoji. Owain accompanied the tweet with a smiling selfie he took while sitting at his drum kit. In a follow-up tweet, Owain went on to share a montage of snaps of the '60s drummer in drag. Owain penned: "Some pics of Keith Moon looking absolutely fabulous in drag." His comments came in response to a rude comment about his drumming abilities. The BBC Breakfast viewer wrote: "Keith Moon would be turning in his grave if he had to witness that limped-wrist, effeminate attempt to play the drums." Following Owain's remarks, his fans soon flocked to the comments to defend his drum playing. @JamesinFFM replied: "@OwainWynEvans I can’t think of a better thing for a drummer than to have flexible wrists. DON'T MISS... Christopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair' [INSIGHT]Hugh Grant breaks silence on claim he's set to become next Doctor Who [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan's 'lucrative' GMB exit explained by co-star Rob Rinder [UPDATE] "The amazing fashion sense and the sparkling personality are definitely a bonus, but those divine wrists seal the deal for me." @ScutcherM added: "I first heard and saw you drumming when you did the news theme, I enjoyed it so much I followed you and have really enjoyed all the posts and your drumming and lovely Sunny personality, you’ve brought me little beats of joy, so thank you." While @Just_Jay_89 wrote: "Stick it to ‘em man! "Total love for what you’ve done! "Drums should be, above anything else, fun! You’re bringing that in abundance!" Last November, Owain completed a 24-hour drumming challenge which raised more than £2.5 million for BBC Children in Need. The drumathon challenge saw the radio host play the instrument non-stop through the day and night. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.