Drivers have appealed the fines as they all claim they paid and displayedcorrectly  at Car Park Securities in Bury, Greater Manchester, in recent months. However, many have since had their charges increased – with some even being threatened with court and debt collectors. Sandra Fitzsimmons, who used the car park on December 3 last year, says she paid with cash and entered her registration number on the machine. The 71-year-old woman then received a letter on February 19, 2022, claiming she parked without paying. The motorist emailed Car Park Securities, which owns the site, but says she got no response. She was then sent another letter demanding £170 and told that her case will be passed onto a debt recovery agent. "This is a very worrying time for me," Sandra told Manchester Evening News. "I’m 71 and not in the greatest of health and now I’m worried. I’m not sleeping because of fear of what is to come from this company. "Any help will be a blessing as I just haven’t got the strength to fight these people."   Lesley Marsh says her husband used the car park to go Christmas shopping in Bury on December 12 last year. He then received a £100 fine on February 9, 2022. The pair did nothing for two weeks due to having difficulty paying the charge over the phone. They were then sent another letter on February 22 – with the fine increased to £170. The couple said they paid the penalty fee as they are moving house and feared it may affect their credit score. Another driver, David Williams, wrote a letter of appeal to the company after receiving a fine.  But after receiving another letter demanding £100, he paid the fee out of fear a debt collection agency would get involved. Becky Alex said she also received three parking fines in three days dating back to November 2021. The fines started out as £60 but have now escalated to £100. Becky challenged one fine with a parking ticket to prove she had paid but claims she heard nothing back. Due to having pared at the site a long time ago, she said she has since thrown the other tickets away. Emma Dunning was also fined after she parked at the site on December 19. The 34-year-old said she received a fine on February 17 claiming she had not paid.   In a bid to appeal her case, she claims she sent the company an online banking screenshot proving she bought a ticket. Emma, who lives in Bury, alleges her appeal was rejected because the bank transaction had the location Macclesfield, Cheshire, attached to it. She tried to explain her bank often adds inaccurate locations but she claims the company “declined to listen”. On Sunday, she claims she received an email saying the company had found her ticket. But they told her she had entered her registration plate incorrectly – only inputting the letter ‘M’ on the machine.  Her fine has since been cancelled, but she will still need to pay a £15 admin fee. Car Park Securities has been approached for comment by Manchester Evening News.  