To put this in context, 174,000 people is greater than the population of Bedford, a borough with a population of 173,292 people. While other countries have higher figures the UK, this does not make what has occurred any less of a tragedy. This figure could have been higher were it not for developments in scientist’s understanding of Covid and subsequent developments in treatments. As with other diseases there have been a number of medicines and techniques that have worked, some better than others. READ MORE: Professor alerts same person can be infected by both strains One medicine has not been found not to be effective at treating COVID-19, Ivermectin. In a study published last month, researchers from Malaysia concluded: “Ivermectin treatment during early illness did not prevent progression to severe disease. The study findings do not support the use of ivermectin for patients with COVID-19." While Ivermectin has been ruled out as a treatment, this does not mean other medicines cannot join the pantheon of approved treatments for a disease that has to the world in waves. The virus has changed too and so has the government's approach to the virus.  Recently the UK government took the decision to lift the remaining Covid restrictions, including the legal requirement to self-isolate in the event a person tested positive for the virus. From 1st April the final change comes into place with the removal of free testing. As this date approaches Health Secretary Sajid Javid insists the UK is in a good position despite a battered NHS, lengthening waiting lists, cases rising sharply and more than a million people living with Long Covid amidst cost of living and mental health crises. All this comes as Deltacron arises on the horizon. Deltacron is a recombinant variant of COVID-19. This means it is a combination of two variants, Delta and Omicron. The concern with Deltacron is that it combines the severe illness of Delta with the transmissibility of Omicron. However, speaking on BBC Breakfast Dr Chris Smith was optimistic that Deltacron wasn’t a big threat. At the moment, the dominant variant in the UK is BA.2, a variant of Omicron, the form of COVID-19 that swept through the country during the winter and saw millions queueing up for their third dose. In recent weeks there has been debate over whether a fourth dose is necessary, but scientists are divided. This is due in part to the weakness of the fourth jab and the growing Vaccine Gap between rich and poor nations. If this gap isn’t closed, there is a greater likelihood of new variants developing that could change the Covid picture in an instant.