The Prime Minister's approval rating has picked up from its record low recently, but still remains near rock bottom. According to YouGov, only 30 percent of Britons feel Boris Johnson is doing well. The vast majority - 63 percent - think he is doing badly, with seven percent undecided, showing a near-terminal hit from Partygate that gives some of his closest allies an opening. Rishi Sunak failed to deliver from his lectern at the House of Commons on Wednesday, as the spring statement left onlookers uninspired. He took an immediate polling hit, and his overall net favourability fell to a new low of -15 points. Allies of Mr Johnson have taken the opportunity to tear at the chancellor's standing, but he remains one of the most popular Tories. READ MORE: BBC's Sophie Raworth lashes out at Ashworth's debt criticism One figure close to the PM branded Mr Sunak a “privileged billionaire”, echoing comments made by his other critics. Public satisfaction ratings compiled by Ipsos MORI show he still has a net positive satisfaction of +5. That shows he may still have the necessary support to eventually become Conservative leader and Prime Minister; something he hasn't ruled out. But his standing is diminished and will serve as an opportunity for his closest rival, Liz Truss. Commentators have argued that Mr Sunak carefully curated his budget to test Liz Truss. The foreign secretary is among Conservatives in the low tax camp who have opposed the chancellor's planned National Insurance hike. She has reportedly made her position clear in Cabinet meetings, one supported by an increasing number of her colleagues in Government and on the Tory backbenches. Her popularity is more questionable, with the most recent polls from early 2022. A league table compiled by Conservative Home as war broke out in Ukraine placed her as second favourite behind Ben Wallace. As foreign secretary, she has consistently kept her head above water and retains some prestige from her days as trade secretary. Her competition in Mr Wallace is stiff, however, as he is second only to the Prime Minister in coordinating the UK's "world-leading" response to Ukraine. Ben Wallace became defence secretary in 2019 and has quickly garnered a reputation as one of the Cabinet's most competent members. As one of Mr Johnson's longest-serving ministers, people have hailed his aptitude for "getting on with the job". A source close to his Cabinet rivals suggested he is "always on manoeuvres” and ready to succeed the PM.