Novak Djokovic could join Serena Williams as a client of Patrick Mouratoglou by appointing the Frenchman as his new coach after parting ways with Marian Vajda earlier this month, according to reports. Djokovic is currently on the lookout for another coach after deciding to end his long association with Vajda, who has worked with the Serb for the vast majority of his professional career. Vajda, who took a step back in 2019 when Goran Ivanisevic joined Djokovic's coaching team, was responsible for helping the 34-year-old to win each of his 20 career Grand Slam titles. He revealed earlier this month that he was eager to take on a fresh challenge with a new player and admitted that he disagreed with Djokovic's decision to compete at last year's Olympic Games before losing in the final of the US Open in straight sets shortly afterwards.It seems as though Djokovic could soon decide to replace Vajda with one of the sport's biggest coaching names as he aims to clinch a record-equalling 21st major title over the coming months. Mouratoglou has emerged as a genuine contender for the role and could be set to add Djokovic to his stable of clients alongside the likes of Williams and Stefanos Tsitsipas, according to reports in Serbia.Mouratoglou has successfully coached Williams to 10 Grand Slam titles and an Olympic gold medal in the years since joining forces with the American legend back in 2012. He has also worked with a number of other high-profile players including Coco Gauff, Grigor Dimitrov and Jeremy Chardy over the course of his 23-year career in the sport. JUST IN: Djokovic wins appeal against Paris ban after Indian Wells withdrawal The 51-year-old recently weighed in on Djokovic's situation by insisting that he is better than the likes of Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer and that he has the ability to win as many as 30 major titles before his eventual retirement. Mouratoglou also warned the Serb that he needs to think carefully about who to appoint as his new coach over the coming weeks and months in order to stand the best chance of breaking Nadal's all-time record."I bet on Novak Djokovic, even though Rafael Nadal is currently the leader with 21 Grand Slams," Mouratoglou told Espreso earlier this month. "Nole is younger than both the Spaniard and Roger Federer. He has won several Grand Slams a year lately. "He can play at the highest level for another three or four years because he is still motivated and in excellent physical shape. He has all the predispositions to win 25 to 30 Grand Slams."Vajda knows Novak very well and he always worked flawlessly with him in key moments when he needed to do something great. I am surprised [that Djokovic and Vadja have parted ways]. I hope that Djokovic has very clear ideas about his future because otherwise, it could disrupt my predictions about the most Grand Slams." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE