Netflix’s steamy Regency drama has finally returned for season two, albeit with its notorious sex scenes dialled down in favour of plenty of good old-fashioned yearning. Although Bridgerton’s second season took a more subdued approach to its central romance, what hasn’t changed is all the secrecy surrounding the drama’s shocking twists and revelations. Edwina Sharma star Charithra Chandran revealed she lied about her character’s fate to avoid spoiling the real ending. In the second season of Bridgerton, Edwina and her sister Kate (played by Simone Ashley) arrive shortly after Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) sets his sights on marriage. Initially taking a liking to Edwina, this season’s diamond debutante, sparks soon begin to fly between Anthony and her older sister. However, things quickly take a scandalous turn when Anthony proposes to Edwina despite his obvious feelings for Kate. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Charithra’s character is eventually left by the wayside when Anthony finally acts on his attraction to Kate. If you had spoken to the actress before the season had been released, however, you might have gotten a very different picture of how things went down between the Bridgertons and the Sharmas. “I just lie,” Charithra admitted when the cast was asked how they avoid spoiling the show. “Like, sometimes I say the most outrageous thing and I’m like, ‘if you’re going to believe it and print that then go ahead!’” The actress and the rest of the cast recalled their experience filming Bridgerton’s highly anticipated follow-up during the show’s recent press conference in London. Charithra revealed her fabricated twists even extended to a tragic fate for Edwina in the first episodes of season two. She revealed: “So one week I told everyone Edwina dies in episode two. I’m just a ghost [for the rest of the season].” Thankfully, both Edwina and Kate survived the season finale, and will hopefully play a part in Bridgerton’s third season, already confirmed to be in the works. DON'T MISS:Power Book 4 fans ‘distraught’ as major character killed off [REACTION]Gordon Ramsay: Contestant ‘nearly injured’ in daring challenge [INSIGHT]The Gilded Age star shares fears for George Russell [INTERVIEW] Her co-stars found it equally difficult to avoid spoiling the series, though their methods weren’t quite as devious. Lady Featherington star Polly Walker explained: “I just make a joke, when in doubt. “I just make a joke and avoid the question. But yeah, it is hard.” And Queen Charlotte star Golda Rosheuvel said: “Say as little as you can, basically.” “But also, if you do [reveal] something, you hope somebody’s going to cut it.” Edwina may not have been killed off, but her fate was left uncertain after being left at the altar when Anthony succumbed to her feelings for Kate. Could she find love again in season three or four? Fans will just have to wait if the Sharmas do indeed return for more marriage market mayhem when the series continues. Bridgerton seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.