Barcelona boss Xavi is unquestionably driving Barcelona in the right direction after making rapid progress since his appointment at the Nou Camp. The Barca icon has moved quickly to patch up some of the team's problems following a productive January transfer window and now a top-four finish is in their sights. The club are expected to continue their spending in the summer but there are also a number of Bosman transfers currently on the agenda. When players enter the final six months of their contracts, their agents are free to negotiate with foreign clubs. It's a market that Barcelona are looking to exploit with several top-quality recruits potentially up for grabs on the cheap. Those include Andreas Christensen, who is now thought to be close to joining Barcelona from Chelsea at the end of the season. READ MORE: Aston Villa open to Franck Kessie and Luis Suarez transfers as Atletico probe for Cash Barca are on course to beat Bayern Munich to his signature after the Dane failed to agree a new contract with Chelsea. Franck Kessie will also receive a long-term contract (five years) offer from the Catalan giants. With AC Milan keen to keep their Ivorian international midfielder, Barcelona are taking no prisoners as they seek to beat the likes of Paris Saint-Germain and Tottenham to his signature. Furthermore, Ajax right-back Noussair Mazraoui is also on course to depart his current club on a free transfer and with Barcelona in need of a right-back, he ticks boxes for Xaxi. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistShakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell With those three through the door and more expected to follow, Barcelona's starting XI suddenly looks ready to compete again. Marc-Andre ter Stegen will remain the club's first-choice goalkeeper while in defence, there could be big changes. Valencia's Jose Gaya is being courted as Jordi Alba's replacement meaning Ronald Araujo could be the only defender to keep his place in the side with Christensen and Mazraoui potentially joining. In midfield, Frenkie de Jong and Pedri should be set to start alongside Kessie in a 4-3-3. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While in attack, Ferran Torres and Adama Traore will provide support for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. It means Ousmane Dembele and Ansu Fati could find themselves out of the team but squad depth will prove key to winning silverware. Erling Haaland could also become a target but at the moment, there is nothing to suggest a deal is on the cards this summer. Potential Barcelona XI next season (4-3-3): Ter Stegen; Gaya, Araujo, Christensen, Mazraoui; De Jong, Kessie, Pedri; Ferran, Adama, Aubameyang.