Liverpool could unwittingly make Arsenal’s summer transfer plans clearer in the next few weeks. The Premier League sides are already putting plans in place as they seek to improve their squads in the off-season.   Arsenal’s top priority remains a striker. Mikel Arteta’s attempts to sign a new frontman in January were frustrated. Dusan Vlahovic was heavily linked to the Emirates but instead opted to swap Fiorentina for Juventus. Lille’s Jonathan David and Napoli’s Victor Osimhen are reportedly two of Arsenal’s targets heading into the summer. As is Benfica starlet Darwin Nunez. Express Sport reported on Wednesday that background talks over the potential signing of the 22-year-old have already taken place – but Arsenal are assessing their options.   JUST IN: Leeds stance on selling Phillips amid Real Madrid and Man Utd interest Nunez, who has 20 league goals in 22 appearances this season, is one of the most highly rated young strikers in Europe. And he will hope to raise his stock by giving Liverpool a hard game in the Champions League quarter-finals. Liverpool have drawn Benfica in the last eight of the tournament. Should Nunez score and prove tough to stop for the likes of Virgil van Dijk, he could make Arsenal’s decision on their next striker far easier. Former Manchester City defender Micah Richards has already warned Liverpool that Nunez could cause them issues. He pointed to his prolific record already in the competition, scoring four goals in eight European games.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool legend Divock Origi to leave on free transferBarcelona could be about to give Liverpool a major boost over SalahBruno Guimaraes sends bold Newcastle message to Man City and Liverpool "Liverpool fans will have been delighted at how the Champions League draw panned out but let me provide a word of warning," Richards told the Mail. "Darwin Nunez has caught my eye all year and he came up trumps for Benfica once again, to send them into the last-eight. "He's scored against Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Ajax so far — don't discount him doing the same against Liverpool." Arsenal are desperate to sign a new striker in the summer after missing out on Vlahovic and other targets in January. Arteta faces the unique prospect of losing all three first-team forwards with whom he started this season.    Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has already departed to Barcelona after falling out with Arteta before Christmas. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both have contracts that expire at the end of June. Neither player seems likely to extend their deal beyond the summer. Both have expressed a desire to play more, although Lacazette has been crucial since Aubameyang’s exit.  