Simone Ashley is the new star of the Netflix hit series Bridgerton, as she joins the cast as headstrong Kate Sharma. New to London, her character has one thing on her mind as she makes her debut - marrying off her younger sister. However, things get quite complicated for the star as she meets Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey). From today, viewers will be able to watch the romantic story unfold across eight new episodes. Simone, who has previously starred in Sex Education, has dished on her behind-the-scenes relationship with her co-star Jonathan. She explained how when she first joined the show, he gave her a bouquet of flowers in her trailer.  READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced The star went on to add how she would then reciprocate and leave him gifts as well. She told Glamour UK: “I would always leave him his favourite snacks in his trailer. “We had a very unspoken rhythm going on in that sense, leaving gifts in each other’s trailers.” Elsewhere, the actress also shared their close friendship, which she was “grateful” for.  Speaking to Shondaland.com, she said: “We’re both very driven, very ambitious. “We both like to get it done. And we both don’t like hearing the word no, I think. “We like a challenge, and that was definitely evident on set. “Our energies kind of kept each other going in that sense.  DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [VIDEO]ITV News star Mary Nightingale addresses emotional on-air moment [INSIGHT]  “I’ve said this in other interviews, but we had each other’s back throughout that whole series.” However, Simone recently opened up elsewhere about some of the difficulties of working with another of her co-stars. As fans of the series will know, Kate has a close bond with her beloved pet corgi Newton. The actress admitted the dog they hired for the role had a peculiar habit. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media at the Global Press Conference, she dished on filming the show.  She said: “I like that he was strong-willed, and literally did whatever he wanted. “Whether it was ‘action’ or ‘cut’, he didn’t care. “My fondest memory of him is when we were filming at Aubrey Hall. “At the front of the building is the pebbled ground, and he would just eat the pebbles. “You would look down and he’d be chomping away.” Her co-star Charithra Chandran then added: “And then he passed out that day because he was too full! He just fell.” 