Boris Johnson tweeted from his official account confirming he has spoken to President Zelensky. The Prime Minister also urged Putin to "immediately cease" his attack and allow emergency services to access the scene.  Mr Johnson said: "I've just spoken to President @ZelenskyyUa about the gravely concerning situation at Zaporizhzhia nuclear power station. "Russia must immediately cease its attack on the power station and allow unfettered access for emergency services to the plant." A statement from No. 10 said: "PM said the reckless actions of President Putin could now directly threaten the safety of all Europe.  "He said the UK would do everything it could to ensure the situation did not deteriorate further." A spokesperson added: "PM said he would be seeking an emergency UN Security Council meeting in the coming hours, and that the UK would raise this issue immediately with Russia and close partners. "Both leaders agreed a ceasefire was crucial." READ MORE: Newsnight: ‘Frailties in Russian army’ EXPOSED by former US adviser  The Ukrainian Minister of Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba joined in asking Putin for a ceasefire. He tweeted: "Russian army is firing from all sides upon Zaporizhzhia NPP, the largest nuclear power plant in Europe. "Fire has already broke out. "If it blows up, it will be 10 times larger than Chernobyl!  DON'T MISS:BBC QT: Audience member blasts Western attitude to Putin – ‘Utterly di [NEWS]US truckers claim there is no war happening in Ukraine [REVEAL]UK gas imports may 'fund Putin's war in Ukraine' with £6.3m per day [SPOTLIGHT] "Russians must IMMEDIATELY cease the fire, allow firefighters, establish a security zone! Ukrainian officials have said that nuclear safety at the power plant is "secured", according to AFP. The International Atomic Energy Agency reported that Ukraine's regulator said there had been no change in radiation levels and "essential" equipment had not been affected. US Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm said on Twitter that she had spoken with Ukraine's Energy Minister and that the reactors at the power station "are protected by robust containment structures and reactors are being safely shut down". She said: "We have seen no elevated radiation readings near the facility."  