Paris Saint-Germain's Presnel Kimpembe has admitted he "understands the hatred" aimed at Lionel Messi and Neymar following the club's midweek Champions League capitulation. The two superstars were jeered and whistled throughout the Ligue 1 leaders' 3-0 triumph over Bordeaux on Sunday, days after PSG suffered a European exit at the hands of Real Madrid. The French giants looked to have moved one step closer to achieving their ultimate aim of claiming a maiden Champions League crown when Kylian Mbappe opened the scoring in the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday. The 23-year-old doubled PSG's lead on aggregate as he added to his dramatic late winner from the first leg. Karim Benzema then struck a stunning second-half hat-trick as PSG collapsed and Real Madrid capitalised to complete a memorable comeback, sending the French side crashing out of Europe. The club's ultras called for PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi to resign following the fiasco and now they've taken aim at some of their superstar players. JUST IN: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan - EXCLUSIVE  During PSG's 3-0 triumph over Ligue 1's basement side Bordeaux at the Parc des Princes on Sunday, Messi and Neymar were jeered and whistled by the club's fans throughout. Mbappe, Neymar and Leandro Paredes were all on the scoresheet as PSG extended their lead atop the league's summit to 15 points, but the Brazilian was even booed after scoring. Speaking after the game, PSG defender Kimpembe took the surprising stance of empathising with the club's vocal fanbase, admitting he "understood their hatred". Kimpembe told Amazon Prime: “Inevitably we hear the whistles, even if we’re focused and concentrated on our match. DON'T MISSPSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interestLiverpool star Luis Diaz 'being eaten by anxiety' despite superb startChelsea's XI next season if Blues blocked from new signings or selling  "We understand their disappointment, we understand their hatred. "We’re professional, we know how to stay so too, and it’s now that we must raise our heads and be able to move forward in order to win Ligue 1. "We are all at fault, no one more than anyone else. We are a team, we must stick together through good and bad. "It’s time to show that we have character and that we’re a team by staying united and strong together, even if it’s hard, very hard.”  The disgruntled spectators also aimed chants at the club's president Al-Khelaifi and the board following the failings under their ownership. While Kimpembe sympathised with his own supporters, two former Barcelona team-mates showed their support for the South American pair. Atletico Madrid's Luis Suarez posted a picture of himself alongside Messi and Neymar to his Instagram story, with the caption: “As always, football has no memories. Always with you. I love you very much.” Monaco's Cesc Fabregas posted on Twitter: “Football has no memory whatsoever… it’s a shame. Always with you brothers.” 