Manchester United would reportedly appoint Bayern Munich head coach Julian Nagelsmann as their next manager "in an ideal world", however they accept such a development is unlikely. The Red Devils believe the aspiring German is out of reach as he is holding out for a Premier League opportunity at Manchester City or Liverpool. United remain on the lookout for a permanent manager to take over from current interim Ralf Rangnick, whose temporary stint in charge will come to an end this summer. Paris Saint-Germain head coach Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax boss Erik ten Hag have been widely reported as the two frontrunners for the upcoming Old Trafford vacancy, though other names are in contention. According to Sky Sports, United have drawn up a four-man shortlist which also includes Sevilla's Julen Lopetegui and Spain national team manager Luis Enrique. However, while it is believed the next man in charge of United will be derived from that quartet, the club's "ideal" preference is someone different. Sky Sports claim that one source has revealed "in an ideal world, Julian Nagelsmann would walk into the club this summer," however, United are resigned to that dream not being made a reality. Those at the Manchester club are said to acknowledge the 34-year-old is unlikely to depart Bayern Munich for the Premier League unless a managerial post at a more stable team, primed for silverware, becomes available. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte given cause for concern by Argentina's Romero call  The alleged belief of those at United is that Nagelsmann is destined to manage in England one day, however, he is thought to be holding out for the City or Liverpool job when Pep Guardiola or Jurgen Klopp move on. United have therefore excluded the up-and-coming German from their list of managerial candidates. There were already questions marks surrounding Pochettino's future prior to PSG's costly Champions League capitulation against Real Madrid and now suggestions of a summer exit are more rife than ever. It is also thought Ten Hag will be easier to prise away from Ajax following the club's scandal involving Marc Overmars. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  Elsewhere, United's hopes of landing Spain boss Luis Enrique are thought to be more complicated, given the 51-year-old is set to lead his nation at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar in December. Thomas Tuchel is another big name who has found himself linked with the Old Trafford role in recent weeks as Chelsea continue to be shrouded in uncertainty. However, United club sources have dismissed the possibility of the Blues manager departing Stamford Bridge for Old Trafford. Talk of him swapping Chelsea for Premier League rivals United is said to have been stoked up by the media and doesn't carry any legitimacy.  