Chris Wong is an assistant casino host with Royal Caribbean. He first started working for the company in 2013 and has worked on four different ships with the cruise line. What’s a typical day like in a Royal Caribbean casino? Chris told Express.co.uk: “My job is to reward casino players based on their level of play which is determined by their gaming action. “The loyalty program is a points-based system, which means the more points players earn during a cruise, the more perks and benefits we offer.” Incredible perks could include complimentary cruises, free dinners in the ship’s specialty restaurant or shopping expenses onboard. Chris added: “I will be constantly engaging and interacting with our guests playing in the casino, building rapport, and catering to their requests.” READ MORE: Superyacht worth £418m set to become widest boat in the world Working on a cruise ship can involve very long hours and a lot of time spent away from home. However, Chris said: “This job has allowed me to travel the world and explore destinations I could have only dreamed of visiting. “I now have friendships that span the globe, and a greater appreciation for all the different culture my fellow crew members come from. “Working on a cruise ship is unlike any other job in the world. You can quite literally wake up in a new destination on an almost daily basis. “The social nights in the crew bar are some of the best times of my life.” Express.co.uk also spoke to Zoe McGee, first officer with Royal Caribbean, and she advised guests to bring magnetic hooks to hang up extra items. Chris had his own essential item. He said: “Universal adapters for electronics. Royal Caribbean ships mainly have USB, US and EU plug sockets in the wall.” Passengers might also want to bring an adapter in case they need to charge their phone during a land excursion. Chris also shared a top tip for guests cruising with Royal Caribbean. He told Express.co.uk: “Make sure to constantly check the Cruise Compass in the Royal Caribbean app to keep updated about all the activities that are happening around the ship. “It will be a lot easier to plan out the day and make the most out of the cruise. There is a lot more to cruising now than just relaxing by the pool and eating in the buffet. “The app can be used to make reservations for the dining in the specialty restaurants and seats for entertainment shows.” It also includes safety advice and information for embarkation and disembarkation days on the ship. Chris added: “The top decks on Royal Caribbean ships are fantastic. This is where the pools, climbing walls, running track, sports court and FlowRider are located. “The vibe of the area is so much fun, especially on those hot days at sea. On the most recent ship I worked on, I did the skydive simulator, SkyPad, which really got my adrenaline pumping.” Royal Caribbean has recently launched the world’s largest cruise ships, Wonder of the Seas, in Florida. It will make its maiden European voyage this year in May 2022, exploring Rome and Barcelona.