Manchester United have received a major boost in their bid to make Erik ten Hag permanent manager this summer. Ajax believe Ten Hag 'will leave' the club at the end of the season, and a recent decision has emphasised that stance. United's search for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's permanent successor is underway, and the club hope to announce their choice by the end of April. Football director John Murtough is spearheading the search and wants to identify the perfect candidate before the end of the season so they can be entirely involved in planning for the 2022/23 campaign. Ten Hag and Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino have been widely touted as United's two leading contenders. But the Red Devils seemingly have an open goal if they want Ten Hag to enter the Old Trafford hot seat in July. JUST IN: Man Utd owners could demolish Old Trafford as Glazers consider rebuild According to reputable Dutch journalist Mike Vermeij, the Ajax hierarchy expect Ten Hag to depart this summer. On Sunday, Ajax announced that Klaas-Jan Huntelaar had joined the club's technical staff following director of football Marc Overmars' exit. Huntelaar will be working alongside Ten Hag and technical manager Gerry Hamstra in Amsterdam. However, Ten Hag didn't have much say in his appointment. He was only informed of it, which is a huge indicator that Ajax see their future without him in their ranks. READ MORE: Chelsea 'receive £2.7bn offer from Saudi Media Group' to take over In July, current United interim manager Ralf Rangnick will enter a two-year consultancy role at Old Trafford. And the German coach is involved in the club's search for his replacement in the dug-out, with certain criteria to meet. United want their new manager to have a track record of promoting youth, rebuilding squads and challenging for silverware. Ten Hag has ticked all three of those boxes throughout his impressive stint as Ajax boss, domestically and in the Champions League. Pochettino is joining by Spain boss Luis Enrique, Real Madrid's Carlo Ancelotti and, most recently, Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel as those linked with the job. But with Ten Hag seemingly heading for the exit door, United will likely see it as a prime opportunity to appoint their fifth permanent boss since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement. Further developments should emerge in the coming weeks as the Premier League giants' shortlist narrows down further. The latest murmurs coming out of Ajax suggest Ten Hag could be the favourite for the job. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.