 A Workplace Parking Levy (WPL) could be introduced in Leicester which would see businesses with more than 10 parking spaces charged £550 per space, per year. The council estimates the scheme would bring in £95million over the first 10 years of it being in operation.  There are fears, however, that businesses which are charged under the WPL would pass the costs onto their employees. Leicester City Council concluded its public consultation on a possible WPL at the beginning of March, with results expected to be released in the coming months. Claudia Webbe, Independent MP for Leicester East, warned that parking law changes could be “the final straw” for many drivers. She had written to Leicester Mayor Sir Peter Soulsby to echo concerns held by local unions that a proposed WPL would hit poor people the hardest. READ MORE: New car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs  Ms Webbe said: “Whilst I fully support fair and equitable measures to address the climate emergency, I am concerned that local trade unions … have warned the proposals will disproportionately impact the city’s lowest-paid workers. “[This] includes the education, local government, social care, and NHS staff who have been so vital in supporting the city through the Covid pandemic. “In the education sector, for instance, the council’s levy would force schools to choose between a £550 cut to their employees’ annual salary, exacerbating the already concerning staffing crisis. “Or covering the cost from their already severely overstretched budgets – money which is supposed to be used for educating the city’s pupils. DON'T MISSAnger at drivers dumping cars around homes [SHOCKING]‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists [COMMENT]Car tax changes needed as drivers look to avoid cost of fuel duty loss [INSIGHT]  “There are also concerns that this proposal would occur during the worst cost-of-living crisis that the city has faced in years. “Since the proposed levy would be charged at a flat rate, regardless of the income of the car user, it risks increasing in-work poverty,” she told Leicestershire Live. Ms Webbe has asked that the council works with the unions to find solutions to their and their members' concerns. Speaking previously, Adam Clarke, the deputy city mayor responsible for environment and transportation, said there were three main reasons why the council is pursuing the scheme.  He explained: “We’ve got a huge challenge in terms of city growth, there’s the health impact that comes from pollution and there’s also the climate emergency and our obligations to decarbonise transport. “We’re not anti-car. “It’s about choosing the right mode for each journey and also reducing congestion so those who do need to use cars have an easy trip." Earlier this month, the Scottish Government introduced legislation allowing councils to bring in the charge.  Glasgow City Council were among some of the authorities that have expressed an early interest in the scheme. Currently, the only city in the UK which has an operational WPL is Nottingham, having introduced it in 2012 and have raised around £64million since then. Workplaces are charged £458 per space every year if they have 11 or more parking spaces available for their employees. The money raised from the scheme has to be reinvested into alternative transport methods, including buses, trams and boosting infrastructure for cycling and walking.