Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall’s five-carat emerald cut diamond with baguettes on the side fetches roughly 1,800 searches a year according to Google Trends data. The Duchess’ art deco-inspired ring creates a sleek and stylish look for the wife of Prince Charles. The ring used to belong to the Prince of Wales’ grandmother, the Queen Mother, who was seen wearing it in the 1980s.  According to Kathryn Money, VP of strategy and merchandising for Brilliant Earth, it would have cost roughly £78,000. Prince Charles and Camilla married in Windsor Guildhall in 2005. Charlotte White, head of design at Europe's largest online diamond jeweller 77 Diamonds, spoke to Express.co.uk about Camilla’s engagement ring and its sentimental value. The expert said: "When Prince Charles got down on one knee and asked Camilla to marry him in 2005, he did so with a clean, contemporary, magnificent diamond engagement ring.  READ MORE: Prince Harry will avoid criticising Queen in memoir, says royal exp... “It is more reminiscent of the geometric bold lines favoured by today's young fashionistas, in contrast to, for example, the classic and opulent oval and diamond halo of Princess Diana's sapphire ring. “It was passed down to him from the Queen Mother, who was first pictured wearing it in the 1980s. “Although the royal household has never divulged its date of creation or why it was commissioned, they have called it a family heirloom, implying a certain depth of history. “Some speculate that the ring was in fact made to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's birth in 1926,” Charlotte noted.  She continued: “The ring itself is an art-deco piece and features five carats of emerald-cut diamonds. “Emerald cut diamonds are a rectangular shape with cropped corners. They also have a step cut, which comprises facets arranged as parallel lines on all four sides. “This creates what diamond industry insiders call a hall of mirrors effect as the light ripples over the glittering stone." The royal couple announced their plans to marry in February 2005.  The two tied the knot on April 9 and have now been married for 17 years. Despite getting wed all those years ago, around 150 people still search for Camilla's dress on Google every month. Camilla actually wore two wedding dresses to mark the occasion. Alongside the civil ceremony, the pair also had a religious blessing and formal reception at St George's Chapel in Windsor later the same day. This allowed Camilla to do a quick outfit change.  First up, for the civil ceremony, Camilla wore a cream silk chiffon dress. It had a hem of Swiss-made appliqued discs and a matching oyster silk coat, created by London designers Robinson Valentine. For the blessing at St George's Chapel, she changed into another beautiful gown made by the same designer. She wore a pale blue chiffon gown with an embroidered pale blue and gold coat over the top. 