Strategically important Ukrainian city Mykolaiv has had its streets littered with Russian corpses. General Dmytro Marchenko, who is leading the defence of the city, said yesterday that the corpses are being eaten by strays. He has vowed that the same fate awaits any invading Russian troops.  Mr Marchenko said: “It’s unpleasant to say this, but their corpses are food for stray dogs. “We’re not able to retrieve them because of continuing Russian fire in those areas. “We guarantee we won’t shoot any Russian soldiers who give up. “Also, we guarantee that no harm will come to Russian tank crews if they come toward our liens with their main guns turned away from us. “If they have committed crimes, they will be tried but they will be alive.  “The rest of them will become dog food.” Mr Marchenko said that one Russian attack has already been repelled, and he vowed that for every Ukrainian civilian who dies, he and his men will kill ten Russians. He added that due to a “vast amount of intelligence”, primarily from the US, the soldiers can see the faces of the Russian soldiers in photos - even when they “go for a p***”. Mr Marchenko told the New York Times that Ukrainians were slowly wearing down the Russian troops attacking the city, adding: “We fight them day and night, we don't let them sleep. “They get up in the morning disoriented, tired. Their moral psychological state is simply broken." As a major Black Sea shipbuilding centre, Mykolaiv represents a key strategic target for the Kremlin.  READ MORE: Russia 'doesn't understand trouble it's in' as Ukraine secures weapons [INSIGHT] Ukrainians remain in control - but are very heavily bombarded by Russian aircraft and artillery. The rockets have caused several fires in residential areas, according to the city’s authorities. Colonel Sviatoslav Stetsenko, a comrade of Marchenko, vowed that his troops will fight to the death to defend their city. The 56-year-old colonel re-enlisted in the military after Russia invaded, having retired in 2010.  DON'T MISS:Final nail in coffin for Putin's freefalling economy [INSIGHT]Brexiteer pinpoints EXACT reason Jacob Rees-Mogg powerless in new job [ANALYSIS]Brexit Britian leads EU on Ukraine: The graphic that shames Remainers [REVEAL] He once served in the Soviet military, fighting alongside many of those who are now Russian commanders. He told the New York Times: “They are now my enemy. “Each one of them who comes here with arms, who comes here as an invader, I will do everything I can to ensure that he remains as fertiliser for our land." The Russian invasion has now entered its third week. Over the last few days, horrific Russian strategies have included bombings of children and maternity hospitals in Mariupol. 