Ralf Little was disappointed when his live shows with former Two Pints Of Lager And A Packet Of Crisps co-star Will Mellor had to be switched from their original dates in February to March and April, owing to continued concerns over the coronavirus pandemic. However he has confirmed that, had they gone ahead with the show while restrictions were still in place, it would have lacked an interactive element, leaving him "embarrassed" at the prospect of earning from it at all. Talking to Will on Episode 1 on the podcast's third season, he admitted he hated the thought of doing the show while the virus was still at large. "The whole point of going to people's towns and cities is so that they can come and be a part of the show - interaction!" Will agreed vociferously. "We could have done a tour where everyone comes along and we sit on stage and we do exactly what we're doing now [in the podcast] and we sit and chat," scorned Ralf. "But I wouldn't feel happy taking people's money for that. I'd actually feel sadly embarrassed!" READ NOW: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him The tour had been a collaboration between the two leading males of Two Pints Of Lager And A Packet Of Crisps, tracking the evolution of their lives and careers over a decade since the show stopped screening. Will's most recent televised role was as drug-dealer Harvey in Coronation Street, while Ralf had been filming over in tropical Guadeloupe as DI Neville Parker in Death In Paradise. However the podcast saw the pair reunite for the pub-style banter that had brought them both to fame. The consequent tour they'd planned, taking a live version of the podcast around Britain, had been eagerly awaited by fans - and Ralf confessed to fearing the public reaction when they discovered the original February dates had been scrapped. "We [thought]: 'We hope people aren't going to be angry with us!'" Ralf recalled. "[However] people have been really lovely actually. "If people feel a little bit nervous about going out, we'd rather try and wait until they can come - especially if they've paid for the ticket but don't want to come out," he elaborated. "We don't want them to spend their money on nothing!" DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [LATEST] ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award [DEBATE] The Chase’s Paul Sinha blasts India for reaction to Ukraine invasion [BREAKING] Will agreed: "The whole point of doing the tour is to do more than what we do here!" Fortunately all restrictions associated with the virus have since been lifted, leaving Ralf and Will free to initiate audience participation when the shows start in April. Though Ralf has admitted: "It was a difficult decision to make", it looks as though it was the right one for the pair. There's been a lot for them to catch up on, with Will posting to his pal's Instagram account earlier in the year jokingly asking if he was filming a dog show after he revealed he'd adopted rescue puppies that had been abandoned in Guadeloupe. Ralf posted to Instagram yesterday to unveil the announcement for the latest series of the podcast - and appeared upbeat in spite of previous comments about hating the British weather. Having arrived back from his Caribbean filming sessions last Christmas, he has now announced: "WE'RE BACK IN THE PUB BABY! "Series 3 starts at 8pm tonight on our Two Pints Podcast Facebook page and YouTube channel. "This season is going to be BIG. We hope you're ready."