Austria's daily newspaper, DerStandard, described some elements of the royal tour as controversial, problematic and embarrassing. The paper described the scene in which the royal couple stood bolt upright on a 60-year-old Land Rover inspecting a military parade as "iconography of the colonial era". The paper also cites an image from the tour that shows the royal couple greeting young black children through a chain-link fence and the "dismissal" of the couple by the Jamaican prime minister on live television. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge planned to embark on the eight-day trip to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and strengthen the ties between ex-colonies. The Austrian article read: "After all, London is terrified that after almost 30 years of stability, a state has become a republic again for the first time.  "Since Barbados made the previous governor-general president last November, the number of nations around the world that still have the British Queen as nominal head of state has shrunk to 15." Despite citing "all sorts of pleasant encounters and goodwill towards the visitors", the paper said there were "many strange, embarrassing, even problematic elements". It also said the couple were "confronted with political issues that affect the soft power of Great Britain and its royal family". Protest rallies in Jamaica and the Bahamas called for reparations of slavery from colonial powers, who they claimed had benefitted from the "blood, sweat and tears" of slaves.  READ MORE: Royal Family to make royal protocol change as Queen steps back For many years, 15 countries in the Caribbean community have pursued billions in claims against former colonial powers, including the UK. There is talk of debt relief, more development aid and training for teachers and doctors. However, the paper claimed, "London doesn't even want to discuss it". While on the tour, Prince William spoke of "deep remorse" for the "appalling atrocities" committed by Britain during the slavery era. The Black Lives Matter movement and Meghan Markle's comments about the firm are said to have helped change the attitudes of former colonies towards the royals. The article read: "The fact that Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, last year accused the heir to the throne of racism stuck with many, although the palace characterized the second-hand allegations as "pure fiction".  DON'T MISS: Royal Mail warns Britons of latest postal delays - full list [INSIGHT]Prince William's Commonwealth breakdown 'endorsed from top' [COMMENT]Princess Anne's dinner guest routine including 10p desserts [ANALYSIS] The article also described the "shameful way" the conservative government has been dealing with immigration since 2010. It said: "London has now admitted that the "Windrush scandal" - named after the first ship that brought immigrants from the Caribbean in 1948 - was a blatant injustice. Many of those affected, who are now elderly, have so far been waiting in vain for compensation. "Reparations for the slave states, compensation for British citizens – of course, neither of these falls under the jurisdiction of the royals, who just keep their distance from day-to-day politics. In a brutal way, however, the visit made one thing clear: in the 21st century, the fine distinction between the politics of the former colonial power and royal glamour no longer applies." Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg. 