Mercedes have predicted they will “get on top” of the issues plaguing Lewis Hamilton and George Russell’s cars - because they always have in the past. The Silver Arrows said they were “determined” to get back “fighting at the front” despite their initial poor start to 2022. Mercedes were the third-fastest car once again in Saudi Arabia and were around a second slower than the Red Bull and Ferrari pair. Russell could only manage a sixth-placed finish, the highest of any Mercedes-powered car. Meanwhile. Hamilton fought back from 15th on the road to tenth to score a solitary point. Andrew Shovlin, trackside engineering director said the team were “under no illusions where we stand”. However, he warned the team had always been able to “get on top of every performance issue” since the start of the turbo-hybrid era in 2014. READ MORE: Mercedes boss Toto Wolff reveals Lewis Hamilton regret after Saudi GP He said: “It's been a tough weekend and we need to go back and regroup ahead of Melbourne. The circuit here has been more difficult for us than Bahrain and we're under no illusions where we stand at the moment but we need to remain focused and effective. “We have an enormous challenge ahead of us, but over the last eight years the team has been able to get on top of every performance issue that we have faced. We've been able to do that because we have so many talented and dedicated people in the team both in Brackley and Brixworth. “We certainly have our work cut out over the next weeks and months but we are more determined than ever to get ourselves back fighting at the front." Hamilton said the team needed to "keep fighting” in a bid to get on top of their issues. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton behind Russell as Leclerc leads Drivers' Championship [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton warned his 'big statement' could reduce him to tears [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton raises huge Mercedes concerns after Saudi Arabian GP [COMMENT] He said he knows he has a “great team” and said they would just “keep our heads down” at the factory. Team-mate Russell added: “Everybody is working as hard as they can to close the gap to Red Bull and Ferrari, every single person at Brackley and Brixworth wants more and we’ll continue to push until we close that gap. This first part of the season isn’t packed with races, the calendar isn’t too dense, so it gives us some time to find solutions. “We aren’t here to fight for P5 but you’ve got to take the positives.”