Mother of nine Amanda Owen seems never to have a dull moment at Ravenseat Farm, where she films her hugely popular Channel 5 show. However, followers of the star were totally taken aback when they saw her seven-year-old daughter Annas riding the family's beloved Tony the Pony - inside their home. Annas - one of nine children that 47-year-old Amanda shares with husband Clive Owen, 66, all between the ages of seven and 20 - is a well-documented animal lover. Previous photos on Twitter have shown her interacting affectionately with the animals from the family's huge collection. However, fans couldn't stop talking about the little one riding a pony inside the house. Amanda jokingly referred to the laundry visible in the photo by quipping: "Drying washing by fire & a clothes horse." READ NOW: Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC Fortunately, Tony is a miniature pony, which allowed Annas to get through doorways while riding her - although that may not continue for much longer, as she grows older and taller. Amusingly, in a corner of the room, beside Henry the Hoover, lies a rocking horse which is taller than the real-life pony also seen in the photo. Amanda's gallery of Instagram pictures also portrayed some of the girls gathered around chatting in their school uniforms, while one stretched out her legs to rest on the pony's back. Meanwhile, fairy lights were seen suspended from the ceiling. However, one person was notably absent from the touching family pictures - husband Clive. Clive usually chooses to shy away from the limelight, and so makes fewer appearances on social media. Amanda previously confessed that there is little room for romance during their busy lives "shovelling s***" on the farm. "I don't think either of us are! I don't think it's in our make-up," the Yorkshire Shepherdess told OK! Magazine. She added: "Clive will serve afternoon tea and change nappies, I'll shear sheep and shovel s**t." Amanda has also spoken of the struggles of providing for such a large brood, admitting: "It is hard work being a farmer and I will do everything it takes to provide for my family. "That means having a lot of fingers in a lot of pies in order to make a living."