According to a new document, Ricardo’s “Lifecycle Analysis of UK Road Vehicles”, hydrogen fuel cell vehicles offer the opportunity to deliver large greenhouse gas savings, compared to conventional petrol and diesel vehicles. By 2050, a hydrogen articulated lorry could save around 73 percent of greenhouse gas emissions when contrasted with a conventional diesel lorry. The report, which was prepared for the Department for Transport, also found that hydrogen buses save around 50 percent of emissions in 2020 compared to a conventional diesel bus. This is expected to increase to 72 percent of savings by 2050. Nikolas Hill, an Associate Director and expert in vehicle technology and fuels within Ricardo’s sustainable transport team, praised zero emission vehicles for their environmental benefits during the full life of the vehicle. Mr Hill said: “The results confirm that the current strategy for increasing electrification of road transport is the right one to help us reduce emissions. READ MORE: Driver fined for charging his EV at Lidl “As well as the potential for big savings with battery and hydrogen-powered vehicles, the benefits for health are also substantial. “The pollutant emissions across the whole lifecycle of this new wave of cars are significantly lower. “Our results support the UK Government’s strategy for phasing out conventional vehicles and making the shift to electric transport. “This is the best approach to reduce emissions and contribute to the UK’s climate targets.” DON'T MISS‘Privileged’ couple get swift justice for parking pedestrian crossing [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT]New car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs [ANALYSIS] Hydrogen vehicles are already being used for buses and lorries in the UK, with a number of companies already moving forward with fuel cell technology. In March 2021, Wrightbus received £11.2million investment from the UK Government to develop low-cost hydrogen fuel cell technology, boosting the local economy and highlighting the Government’s commitment to a net zero future. Minister of State for Northern Ireland Conor Burns visited the pioneering Wrightbus factory in Ballymena last week to talk about the vital role hydrogen has to play in the green economy. Mr Burns met with Neil Collins, Managing Director of Wrightbus, and Damian McGarry, Development and Manufacturing Director, to discuss the company’s future plans. They also highlighted how the UK Government’s Zero Emission Bus Region Areas (ZEBRA) scheme is helping to increase the demand for production for zero emission buses in Northern Ireland. The ZEBRA scheme has been established to help English local transport authorities to bid for funding to purchase zero-emission buses to add to their fleets, with £270million being made available to local authorities so far. Wrightbus’s zero-emissions options include the world’s first hydrogen double decker bus, the revolutionary StreetDeck Hydroliner, along with the fastest-charging EV on the market, the StreetDeck Electroliner. After a tour of the factory, Northern Ireland Minister of State Conor Burns said: “During my visit here, I have been delighted to see how the £11.2million investment which the Government has made is helping Wrightbus in developing and manufacturing low-cost hydrogen fuel cell technology for buses. “The UK Government is committed to achieving its Net Zero goals and the zero-emission buses produced at Wrightbus in Ballymena are helping to ensure that local transport authorities in Northern Ireland and across the UK have the supply they need. “Wrightbuses can be seen around the UK, in cities such as London, Birmingham and Aberdeen, as we strive to meet our Net Zero by 2050 target together.” Neil Collins, Managing Director of Wrightbus, said the adoption of zero emission public transport was a “vital step”. He added: “We were delighted to welcome Mr Burns here to talk about the work we are doing, which includes a significant increase in the production of zero emission buses. “This year we will be doubling production compared to 2021, with buses going into service across the UK and the island of Ireland. “We will also see a significant switch in our output from 70 percent diesel buses in 2021 to around 70 percent zero-emission buses in 2022.”