Chancellor Rishi Sunak has been pressured to go even further to help households through the current cost of living crisis in Wednesday afternoon’s spring statement, as inflation figures soar to a 30-year high. Rising energy, goods and food prices have played a prominent role in pushing inflation to rise by 6.2 percent, which is up 5.5 percent from last February - more than expected by the market. Ahead of the statement release, Mr Sunak pledged to set out further plans to support people with the rising cost of living and “build a stronger, more secure economy” over the upcoming year. Addressing the House of Commons on Wednesday, Mr Sunak said: “The Government will support the British people as they deal with the rising costs of energy, and people should know we will stand by them." Mr Sunak has announced a number of changes to help tackle the UK cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Have Your Say: Inflation hits new high - is Brexit to blame?   As of Wednesday, March 23, fuel duty will be cut by 5p per litre, until March 2023. This will come into force from 6pm tonight. VAT on green energy sources, including solar panels, heat pumps and insulation, will be scrapped as of April 2022. Although, this will not apply to Northern Ireland. The National Living Wage (NLW) for workers aged 23 and over will increase by 6.6% to £9.50 an hour from April 2022. Vulnerable households will get targeted support, as Mr Sunak announces the household support fund will double to £1bn. A business rates discount will come into effect next month [April] for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses. This initiative could will save business up to £110,000. The temporary £1 million level of the Annual Investment Allowance has been extended to 31 March 2023, in a bid to help businesses invest and grow. Targeted business rates exemptions have been introduced for eligible plant and machinery used in onsite renewable energy generation and storage, as well as a 100% relief for eligible low-carbon heat networks with their own rates bill. This will come into effect in April 2022. Basic rate income tax will fall from 20p to 19p in in the pound in 2024. Mr Sunak said told the House of Commons this is the first time in 16 years the basic rate has been cut, highlighting how hard it is to be able to do so. He described it as a “tax cut for workers, for pensioners, for savers".  Instead of £300, the National Insurance (NI) threshold will increase by £3,000. This is estimated to be a £300 tax cut for around 30 million people, and will come into force in July 2022. The Government is also said to be taking steps to ensure that self-employed individuals with lower earnings fully benefit. The Spring Statement announces that from April 2022, those self-employed with profits between the Small Profits Threshold and Lower Profits Limit will continue to build up National Insurance credits, but will not pay any Class 2 National Insurance Contributions (NICs). The Government states these measures will help meet its ambition to ensure that the first £12,500 earned is tax free. 