Neymar has shared a private conversation he has had with Paris Saint-Germain goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma following their exit from the Champions League. Reports claimed Neymar and Donnarumma had to be separated in the dressing room following the dramatic defeat to Real Madrid on Wednesday. But the Brazilian has moved to dispel those rumours. PSG threw away a 2-0 aggregate lead to exit the Champions League at the last-16 stage. Kylian Mbappe's first-half goal at the Bernabeu added to the solitary goal at the Parc des Princes last month. But a mistake from Donnarumma allowed Karim Benzema to score the first goal of a 17-minute hat-trick. PSG had no answer and Real progressed to the quarter-final stage. JUST IN: Manchester United's next manager told the first signing he needs to make this summer  Spanish outlet Marca claimed Neymar and Donnarumma came to blows after the match. The report said Neymar approached the Italian following his costly mistake and the duo had to be separated. According to Sky Italy, Donnarumma's camp has denied reports of a row between him and Neymar. And now Neymar has shared a Whatsapp conversation he has held with Donnarumma today. DON'T MISSWhat Chelsea's £20,000 travel cap means for Champions League fixtures [NEWS]Rio Ferdinand and Gary Lineker in full agreement on Karim Benzema as Real Madrid stun PSG [REACTION]Harry Kane tells Tottenham team-mates he will snub Man Utd and Man City on two conditions [TRANSFERS]  The 30-year-old shared a screenshot of the messages on his Instagram story. Donnarumma started the conversation, including a link to Marca's story and writing: "Hi Ney. Sorry about yesterday. This news is unacceptable." Neymar replied over three hours later, writing: "Friend! No worries, these things can happen in football. We are a team and we are with you. You are still very young and will win a lot. Keep your head up and we go on. A hug." Neymar followed that up with a message of his own to his followers.  He wrote: "I hate having to talk about news... but this previous post is a lie. "There was no fight in the dressing room!!! Incompetent journalists are trying to promote themselves. Maybe next time, ok?" PSG's expensively-assembled squad once again suffered heartache in their attempts to win their first Champions League. Manager Pochettino claimed a foul should have been given by Benzema on Donnarumma in the lead up to the first goal, which ultimately changed the game.  "Real's first goal changed the match,” Pochettino told Canal +. “I wonder what the VAR is doing because for me there is something else. It's a shame, when you see the action, there’s a foul. “After that, the match changed. For 60 minutes we dominated, that goal changed everything." "It's impossible not to talk about this big mistake made by the referees. It's hard not to accept. It's incredible that this is happening in 2022."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here