Spartak Moscow have released a statement insisting they are disappointed with the decision to kick them out of the Europa League. After Russia's invasion of Ukraine, UEFA and FIFA revealed that all football clubs from the country will be banned from European competitions until further notice. Spartak Moscow are "disappointed" with UEFA's decision to ban them from playing in the Europa League. An announcement was made earlier today that all Russian clubs would be kicked out of European competitions, with Spartak being the only one left. It means that RB Leipzig have been given a bye to the next round of the tournament while the Otkrytie Bank Arena outfit have broken their silence. A statement read: "UEFA and FIFA have decided to exclude from the current iteration of the Europa League. This means that our round of 16 ties against RB Leipzig will not go ahead as planned. "This verdict is connected to the organizations' position on recent events that have taken place in Ukraine. "The recent decision taken by UEFA and FIFA although expected, is extremely upsetting. Unfortunately, the efforts that our club made in the Europa League have been nullified for reasons that are far outside the remit of sports. "Spartak has millions of fans not only in Russia, but all over the world. Our successes and failures bring people from dozens of different countries together. We believe that sport, even in the most difficult times, should aim to build bridges, and not burn them. We are forced to obey a decision that we do not agree with. "For now, we shall focus on domestic competitions, and are looking forward to a speedy achievement of peace that everybody needs." Spartak Moscow were scheduled to face RB Leipzig in the next round of the Europa League, who employ Domenico Tedesco as their manager. The Italian spent two years with the Russian club from 2019 to 2021 and they have wished him well amid the circumstances. On Twitter, they said: “We want to wish the best to our former manager Domenico Tedesco in the Europa League. “We hope that our paths will cross again in the future, but under more peaceful conditions.” FIFA had initially only decided to allow Russia to continue playing but under the banner of the “Football Union of Russia” and they have to play their future fixtures on neutral grounds without any Russian flags. However, widespread outrage at the decision saw the footballing body perform a U-turn and hand out further sanctions. Russia has now been banned from all FIFA and UEFA competitions, including the World Cup and the Europa League. A statement from the two federations read: “Following the initial decisions adopted by the FIFA Council and the UEFA Executive Committee, which envisaged the adoption of additional measures, FIFA and UEFA have today decided together that all Russian teams, whether national representative teams or club teams, shall be suspended from participation in both FIFA and UEFA competitions until further notice. “These decisions were adopted today by the Bureau of the FIFA Council and the Executive Committee of UEFA, respectively the highest decision-making bodies of both institutions on such urgent matters. “Football is fully united here and in full solidarity with all the people affected in Ukraine. “Both Presidents hope that the situation in Ukraine will improve significantly and rapidly so that football can again be a vector for unity and peace amongst people.”