The popular package holiday brand, TUI, has issued the warning after being made aware of a scam targeting customers. The scam is a phishing scheme looking for personal details. TUI tweeted: “Important. We’re aware of a phishing scam targeting TUI customers on Twitter. “Please do not send any personal information to email addresses given you by other users. “If you’re unsure please contact us here or via Live Chat and we’ll confirm if the address is genuine.” A phishing scam is when scammers use fake emails, text messages or phone calls to trick victims. READ MORE: Cruise holiday nightmare: Family shares 'horrid' experience The UK’s National Cyber Security Centre said: “Phishing is when criminals use scam emails, text messages or phone calls to trick their victims. “The aim is often to make you visit a website, which may download a virus onto your computer, or steal bank details or other personal information.” Citizens Advice told people to watch out for someone they don’t know contacting them unexpectedly. Customers should also be cautious if they are asked to transfer money urgently or to give away any personal information. The Citizen Advice Bureau website has more advice for customers who fear they have been the victim of a phishing scam. It said: “Some scammers try to get your personal information, for example the name of your primary school or your National Insurance number. “They can use this information to hack your accounts. If you come across sites that ask for this type of information without an obvious reason, check they’re legitimate.” Separately, Which? Travel have warned British holidaymakers that criminals are taking advantage of the pandemic to scam people. British tourists should watch out for social media deals that seem too good to be true which could be scams. Customers can check if a company is registered with ATOL or ABTA if they have concerns. A reputable travel company or travel agent will be registered with one of the trade bodies which gives customers more security. Some Britons have also been targeted with holiday refund scams for trips cancelled during the pandemic. Tourists should check with the company they booked with if a third party contacts them offering a refund. It could be a scam attempting to steal personal information or access a customer’s card details. As booking surge following the relaxation of travel restrictions, there has also been an increase in holiday-related scams. Phishing scams can sometimes be identified if the scammer makes spelling errors or uses a strange email address. Customers are urged to contact TUI if they are unsure about an email or social media message they have recieved.