Liza Minnelli, 76, has left some fans concerned over her frail appearance as she took to the stage to present the award for Best Picture at the Oscars. The Cabaret actress was brought onto the stage in a wheelchair alongside Lady Gaga, who joined in the standing ovation for the actress. Liza was brought out in a wheelchair by the Bad Romance hitmaker to present the award for Best Picture at the 94th Academy Awards. The actress received a standing ovation from the crowd, with Lady Gaga also joining in. Laughing at the ovation, she exclaimed: "Oh! That's exciting!" Lady Gaga then helped Liza get her cue cards in order for her speech. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts Gaga continued: "And I am honored to present the final award of the evening with a true show business legend." "She's celebrating the 50th anniversary of Cabaret," announced Gaga. She famously won Best Actress at the Oscars for her leading role in Cabaret in 1972. Liza then proceeded to announce they'd be unveiling the winner for Best Picture, with Gaga pointing out that they'd be reading out the nominees first. "I got you," reassured Gaga before the clips began to roll. After the nominees had been announced, Liza made sure to tell the House of Gucci actress that she was her "biggest fan" and was "so happy" to be there with her. Liza wore a silk number, featuring bright pink rolled up sleeves, paired with a black velvet jacket. While Gaga went for a sparkled fitted black suit and bow tie, with her hair in an updo. DON'T MISS... Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock  [COMMENT] Frail Liza Minnelli, 76, leans on pal after being seen in a wheelchair [PICTURES] Chris Rock won’t press charges against Will Smith over hit, police say [INSIGHT] Many social media users took to Twitter to comment on the actress's frail appearance. SmadAlly said: "Not me crying at the gentle soul that is Lady Gaga encouraging and supporting legend Liza Minnelli #Oscars." UGetPegged added: "I admire Lady Gaga for making legends like Tony Bennett and Liza Minelli feel comfortable despite their rapid health decline." Susan Pedler commented: "Frail people exist. Old people exist. "Liza Minelli's appearance at the Oscars was a powerful moment of inclusivity. "She looked beautiful and I hope she had a fabulous night @ladygaga #Oscars2022." The talk of the awards show, however, was surrounding Will Smith as he took to the stage to slap comic Chris Rock. Chris had made a joke about Will's wife Jada's hair and Will could not contain his anger after her known alopecia diagnosis.