Liverpool may return to their interest in Watford forward Ismaila Sarr this summer, according to reports. The Reds were strongly linked with Sarr before the start of the season and reports in Italy now suggest they are weighing up another approach as part of their summer squad overhaul.    Liverpool are likely to be busy in the summer transfer window, with plenty of issues emerging in the front line. Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane are all poised to enter the final 12 months of their current contracts, while Divock Origi is expected to leave when his contract expires on July 1. Jurgen Klopp’s side have already strengthened the area by signing Luis Diaz in the January transfer window, but at least one other forward is expected to arrive in the summer. Sarr is one of the names that has frequently come up, along with West Ham’s Jarrod Bowen and Leeds United’s Raphinha. Reports from Italian outlets Corriere Dello Sport and Telelombardia suggest Liverpool are still interested in Sarr. AC Milan are targeting the 24-year-old, but are wary that the Reds provide a ‘dangerous competitor’ for his signature. JUST IN: Arsenal and Tottenham primed to land Spence as Bayern stance emerges Milan have reportedly already met with Sarr’s agent, but his price tag of £41million (€50m) could prove to be prohibitive for the Italian giants. That might not be a barrier for Liverpool, who recently shelled out an initial fee of £37.5m for Diaz while committing to another £12.5m in add-ons to Porto. While his destination remains unclear at this time, it seems likely that Sarr will leave Watford in the summer. The Senegal international has struggled with injuries this season, contributing five goals and one assist in 16 Premier League appearances, and is keen for a change of scenery. DON'T MISS Scotland icon McCoist names key improvement as Clarke aims for WC Liverpool's Salah fears grow, Barca make plans after star 'sent signs' End of season predictions: Liverpool to topple Man City? Big debate “The only evidence is that I think he has chances to leave regardless of what happens between now and the end of the season with Watford,” Sarr's agent, Thierno Seydi, told Afrique Sports. “That’s how it’s planned with those in charge." Whether Salah stays put on Merseyside or moves on, it seems almost certain Liverpool will be active in the summer transfer window. Klopp recently admitted that change is coming at the end of the season, with fringe players like Takumi Minamino and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain struggling for minutes in a hugely competitive side. “It is incredibly hard for [Origi] and for me as well [for him not to play] because it is really tough these kind of things,” he told Sky Sports. “Taki Minamino is in an incredible moment. It is unlikely with the size of the squad that we now stay exactly like this together. For sure, some of the players do not play often enough for their own understanding and we will see what will come in the summer and find solutions for those situations.” 