Princess Anne reportedly joked with Meaghan Kall, a leading epidemiologist at the UK Health Security Agency, about her lack of online accounts. The Princess Royal recently shared the limelight with Ms Kall during an event taking place last month to honour the "Covid unsung heroes". Royal commentator Richard Eden claimed on his Daily Mail column Ms Kall "asked the Princess Royal if they could connect on Twitter" during the event held at Windsor Castle. However, in typical Anne fashion, the Queen's only daughter is said to have replied: "Goodness me, no! "I don’t even have an email account." Commenting on the report, Mr Eden wrote: "Meghan Markle was said to be upset when told she had to give up social media on marrying into the Royal Family. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here "But Princess Anne is delighted to avoid digital technology." Ms Kall was among the people recognised for the work done over the past two years in the fight against coronavirus during the WISE Covid Unsung Heroes Awards. The Awards took place on February 22 and saw also the attendance as special guests of Chief Scientific Adviser to the Government Sir Patrick Vallance and Chief Scientific Officer Professor Dame Sue Hill. Ms Kall, who in 2021 was named by the journal Nature among the top 10 people who helped shape science last year, was among the finalists not just for her work as an epidemiologist but also for using Twitter to share reliable information regarding COVID-19 and explain epidemiological data. READ MORE: Prince Charles tipped to visit Cambridges in exciting family visit, Twitter users were quick to hail Princess Anne following the report she may not be an email user. One, Serena Dodds, wrote: "Sensible woman then. I am sure staff will have email accounts and can relay anything needed to her that she needs to know." Similarly, elly j said: "Sensible woman!" And a third, Heathermerryweather, added: "Best way to be really!" Princess Anne publicly spoke about her decision to avoid digital technology in 2020, as she appeared on the ITV documentary Anne: The Princess Royal at 70. She said: "I know what Twitter is but I wouldn't go anywhere near it if you paid me, frankly". Princess Anne does not have any personal social media account. Her work is reported online by Buckingham Palace through the Royal Family Instagram and Twitter accounts. The no-nonsense royal isn't the only member of the Royal Family not to use social media. Since they stepped down as senior royals in the spring of 2020, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have also ditched an Instagram and Twitter account representing them online. Moreover, while Meghan was a keen social media user during her time as an actress, she gave up her online accounts and lifestyle blog The Tig months before she married Prince Harry in 2018. The Duchess of Sussex referred to ditching her personal Twitter and Instagram accounts a few months later, during the Sussexes' tour to Oceania. While visiting Bondi Beach in Australia, Meghan spoke to resident Jessina Oakes about the impact social media has on people's self image. Ms Oakes said following her meeting with the Duchess: "She said a really beautiful quote. "She said, 'Flattery and criticism run through the same filter'. "She said it was very freeing that she no longer has social media." During a meeting at the Maranui Cafe in Wellington, New Zealand, with volunteers at mental health organisation Live for Tomorrow, Meghan also spoke about the pressure created on young people by social media. She said: "Young people find it so difficult. You see photos on social media and you don't know whether she's born with it or maybe it's a filter."