While his suave, nouveau-riche sitcom character Richard DeVere enjoyed ownership of Grantleigh Manor, the young Bowles's familiarity with stately homes came because his parents were in service.   Nevertheless, it gave him lifelong standards of behaviour which would serve him well as he played an archetypal English gent, attracting the admiration not just of legions of beautiful women, but Hollywood giants like Marlon Brando and Quentin Tarantino. Theatre director Sir Peter Hall described Bowles yesterday as "the greatest speaker of verse in the English language". While columnist and presenter Piers Morgan ers nderful guish described him as a, "Wonderful actor who exuded roguish British charm". In spite of his debonair, entitled appearance, Bowles never forgot his roots. "I have a peculiar dichotomy in my background in that my parents worked for posh families but came from absolute basic stock," he once said. His father Herbert was a valet-companion and chauffeur to Drogo Montagu, son of the Earl of Sandwich, at the huge Hinchingbrooke House in Cambridgeshire, and later a butler to the daughter of Daily Express publisher Lord Beaverbrook. His mother Sarah, served as a nanny to the Duke of Argyll's family before moving to England to work for Lord Beaverbrook's family, where his parents met. He once recalled: "My father taught the Aga Khan, who was a friend of the family, how to ride a bicycle." When the Second World War arrived, his father was seconded to work at Rolls-Royce and the family, including Peter and his younger sister Patricia, moved to one of the poorer areas of Nottingham to what he described as a "sort of Coronation Street two-up, two-down, no bathroom and an outside lavatory where all the ladies left the doors open to talk to each other sitting on the loo". In 2014 he admitted: "I still go back sometimes and wander around."  OUTSIDE it might have been a rough working class neighbourhood but Bowles had no recollection of feeling deprived, and remembered: "Inside the house my parents practised the sort of manners where if a lady came into the room you'd stand up." He continued: "My parents had absorbed a middle-class routine and learnt to speak well. They knew of another world and it allowed me to mix with anybody, fearlessly." By the age of seven, he had worked his way through Dickens and his enjoyment of reading aloud at primary school led him into acting, a passion encouraged by the novelist Stanley Middleton who taught him English at grammar school. At 16, he won a scholarship to train as an actor at the famous Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA). His training removed his Nottinghamshire accent to such an extent that he confessed: "When I came out, I didn't know who I was." This was, he felt, to the detriment of his acting. Still he had the support of his parents who saved up to buy him a suit when he was 17, which he wore to interviews. He recalled: "Most actors dressed as if they worked in a factory, in donkey jackets and caps. And there was me, a working-class person, with this learnt accent and a suit." It reinforced the opinion among those in the industry that he couldn't act, he recalled. Added to this, he was warned by casting directors his swarthy looks would never allow him to play an Englishman. He started his career with the OldVic company in 1956, playing small parts in stage productions. As predicted, his early TV roles were usually bit parts playing foreign villains in shows like The Avengers, The Saint and The Prisoner. At least he was proving a hit with the ladies.  He once recalled how he celebrated his 20th birthday in New York being driven around in a convertible by "a delightful strawberry blonde", by which time he had already been smitten at RADA by a younger student by the name of Susan Bennett. He had been playing the lead in a play in which she had a small part but, as a prefect at the college, he knew it would be inappropriate to ask her out. He said: "A few years later, I was at the Bristol Old Vic when this extremely beautiful woman arrived to be the company's leading lady and it was Susan." He was playing her 80-year-old butler in a white wig, but he said: "We did a read-through and, when we broke for lunch, I asked her to come to the pub across the road. I bought her a drink and asked her to marry me. Of course, she said no because she thought I was mad.Also, she had seen me on stage the night before playing a homosexual called Princess Grace so she thought I was probably gay as well." Despite this, Bowles continued to court Susan, much to the annoyance of her parents, and just when he had become enamoured with another "very beautiful and very rich" girl and asked her to live with him in London, Susan called and agreed to marriage. On their wedding day, they managed only a drive from the church in a Rolls-Royce for a quick lunch before he had to be on stage for a matinee performance. While building his reputation on stage, Bowles persevered at his television career with a string of small parts. His first TV comedy was as Hilary, a short-term tenant in Rising Damp in 1977, and he landed his first major TV role as Guthrie Featherstone QC, MP in the TV adaptation of John Mortimer's Rumpole Of The Bailey, at last defying suggestions he could not play an English gent. He reprised the popular character on several occasions between 1978 and 1992.  Greater success eluded him when he turned down the role of Jerry in The Good Life, alongside Penelope Keith's Margo, though the pair would enjoy their own triumph together soon enough. Bowles once admitted that, frustrated with the work he was offered, he had written to the National Theatre and Royal Shakespeare Company without luck, so had gone to church to pray for a decent play. He said: "The next day I got sent the script of Alan Ayckbourn's new play, Absent Friends, which I accepted. I also got sent four scripts of The Good Life but the two clashed so I did Absent Friends." Ironically, when he turned up for the first reading, his RADA contemporary Richard Briers, who had taken the role of Tom Good in The Good Life and been cast in Absent Friends, told him the sitcom was being recorded on Sundays so he could do rBiF re both.The Good Life subsequently made stars of Briers, Felicity Kendal, Paul Eddington and Keith. "Every week Dicky would knock on my dressing room door and shout, 'I've just had another cheque from the BBC.' I learnt from that," Bowles admitted. Four years later, in 1979, opportunity knocked again and this time he was ready to grab the chance of a lead role in To The Manor Born. Penelope Keith played posh widow Audrey fforbes-Hamilton, forced to sell her beloved country estate following the death of her husband. Smooth-talking businessman Richard DeVere, played by Bowles, became the estate's new owner with his mother, Mrs Polouvicka, while Audrey moved into a small lodge with family butler Brabinger.  The first episode attracted almost 24 million viewers and made Bowles an overnight success, despite his having not even been invited to the show's press launch. "Our chemistry was immediate. I had never met Penny before and never watched an episode of The Good Life, even though I'd been offered Paul Eddington's role," he said. "But we had some rehearsals and we clicked. We got on terribly well. Our viewing figures were never less than 20 million and I became aware very quickly people of all classes were watching it. I would be greeted by road sweepers, I'd be hooted at from lorries and a man driving a Bentley once stopped to shake my hand." The show, along with performance in other hits like the earlier Only When I Laugh, and, later, The Bounder, made him instantly recognisable and not just by road sweepers. Talking once of the enduring love he had ad for wife Susan, he revealed: "I have had women breaking into my house and into my hotel bedrooms. I have had women take all their clothes off and say, 'Take me, I'm yours.' "When that happens, it isn't very erotic. You do wonder if they are mentally quite right." Even the late Princess Margaret was a fan, but Bowles found himself typecast as a comedy star. Drama producers suddenly did not want to know him because he was doing sitcom, so he devised his own drama series, Lytton's Diary, and went on to star in Executive Stress, again with Penelope Keith, before coming up with the hit series Perfect Scoundrels. He also continued to appear in dozens of West End shows, notching up no fewer than 45 theatrical productions before his final appearance in The Exorcist at the age of 81. In 2016 he starred in the BBC Two Series Murder and recently played the Duke of Wellington alongside Jenna Coleman as the Queen in the ITV series Victoria.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He also appeared in films such as Eyewitness (1970), The Steal (1995), Colour Me Kubrick (2005) and The Bank Job (2008) though a Hollywood breakthrough never quite happened. MARLON Brando was a huge admirer but an invitation to lunch was never passed on by his agent, and when Quentin Tarantino once approached him in a pub after a stage performance and told him he was a big fan, Bowles declined a dinner invitation as he had just ordered himself a sandwich. He recalled: "I thought, 'That is so f***ing English of me.' I didn't want to embarrass myself by saying to the waiter to cancel re Tha Eng wmth th the sandwich." Another time, he recalled: "I was 43 before I became successful. I never thought about fame. I just wanted to act and get enough money to put bread on the table." Away from work, he drove a Rolls-Royce, a succession of Porsches, smoked heavily and enjoyed drinks with friends. Bowles was married for 61 years and 11 months, with three children together - two sons and a daughter - and six grandchildren. He said in 2018: "Love love love love love love!. That's what makes it work. No competition, no ups and downs - I've never looked at anyone else." The star's agent Gavin Barker confirmed his death yesterday from cancer. He leaves his wife, Sue, and their children Guy,Adam and Sasha. Peter Bowles, born October 16, 1936, died March 17, 2022