The tanker carrying the Russian gas was to arrive at a Kent dock on the Thames Estuary on Friday morning. But after threats to block the unloading of the gas from the vessel from dock workers, the ship was diverted.  The Boris Vilkitskiy was bound for the Isle of Grain, carrying liquified natural gas destined for Centrica, which owns energy company British Gas. But dock workers took matters into their own hands by refusing to unload the LNG from the vessel. The dock workers' actions were backed by the trade union Unison, and publicised by the Trades Union Congress.  The workers had warned they would reject any consignment of Russian energy supplies arriving at the port in Kent. The terminal at the Isle of Grain in Kent is operated by the National Grid, which said they would not be receiving further deliveries of gas from Russia. Matt Lay, national officer for energy at Unison, said: "This will come as a relief to the Grain terminal workers." He added: “But while it looks like the union’s intervention has been successful in seeing these ships turned away, a more fundamental problem remains.” The UK Government has imposed a ban on all Russian ships docking in UK ports in response to the invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Two dead following horror crash on busy main road Transport Secretary Grant Shapps confirmed UK ports would deny access to “all ships with any Russian connection whatsoever”. However, this ban did not extend to where the cargo on vessels came from. This appears to be a loophole in sanctions imposed by the Government on Russian ships. Therefore, oil and gas supplies arriving in the UK could have been bought from entities owned by the Russian state. DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin 'blackmail' plot to 'evacuate Europe' [LIVE] Brave freedom fighters will never bow to Putin - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] Prince William makes sweet comment about Kate [REPORT] On Wednesday, 180 members of Unison said they would not unload Russian-origin LNG set to arrive at Kent this week. Mr Lay said earlier this week: “The workers at the National Grid terminal don’t want to touch the cargo given the tragedy unfolding in Ukraine.” He added: "These staff are determined to show their support for the Ukrainian people and uphold the sanctions imposed against Russia.” On Wednesday, it was discovered that at least two vessels were due to reach UK ports with shipments of Russian oil and gas on board. The Boris Vilkitskiy and the Fedor Litke are both owned by Greek firm Dynagas, but the cargo owners is not publicly available knowledge. However, the Boris Vilkitskiy is managed by a Russian company, Yamal LNG OAO, the Guardian reported. A source told the publication that the vessel was carrying supplies bought by British Gas owner Centrica, and could be destined for British homes. A spokesperson for Centrica said the company was "in discussions with the government about how to handle any LNG shipments which are already in transit”.