A clip of EU leaders greeting one another cheerfully before the start of the NATO summit went viral today as Mr Johnson appeared alone, standing awkwardly with his hands in his pockets. Ahead of the NATO family photo the Prime Minister could be seen looking around aimlessly, while other leaders shook hands with one another. French President Emmanuel Macron, who has had tense dealings with Mr Johnson in recent months, was only a few feet behind the Prime Minister, smiling and greeting fellow EU leaders. Social media naturally went into meltdown at the sight of Mr Johnson appearing so isolated from his European counterparts. Twitter user, Mr Storm Chaser, overdubbed a clip of the incident with Bobby Vinton’s Sixties classic ‘Mr Lonely’, with the caption: “World leading? I think not.” He then commented: “Boris Johnson could have walked about a bit more and shook hands with others and showed some leadership. “Instead he decided to hang around on his own, looking lost. Read More: British Airways emergency: High alert as plane sounds 7700 'squawk' “I think he expected the other leaders would be chasing after him or something.” However, the viral clip from the NATO summit was subsequently debunked. A longer video posted by Forbes saw Mr Johnson engaging in a light conversation before approaching Mr Macron and cheerfully shaking hands with the French Prime Minister. In response to the contextualised clip, Twitter user Leon sarcastically said: “Ah yes, poor lonely Boris.  “Maybe Boris isn’t Mr Lonely after all… maybe you’re just idiots for thinking he was.” Meanwhile, the Sun’s Brussels Correspondent Nick Gutteridge likened the video to another viral moment that was provided by a past UK Prime Minister. The journalist wrote on Twitter: “The ‘lonely Boris’ video of today’s NATO family photo brings back memories of the famous ‘lonely Theresa May’ snap from the October 2017 EU summit. “In reality she’d been surrounded by aides seconds before, and seconds later Donald Tusk arrived for their meeting.” Don't Miss:Voting for Brexit was voting for FREEDOM – and ‘well worth the price'[OPINION]Rishi Sunak and his wife's huge fortune laid bare[ANALYSIS]Brexit betrayal after ‘benchmark’ of EU exit failed to be secured[INSIGHT] He added: “Context is King.” The UK’s relationship with a number of EU member states has been fraught with tension since 2016’s Brexit referendum. Mr Johnson and Mr Macron in particular have failed to see eye to eye in recent months. The French President reportedly erupted with anger after the UK signed a military pact with the US and Australia which pushed France out of a major contract with the antipodean country. Months later, Mr Macron even allegedly called Mr Johnson “a clown” in a private conversation. NATO met for an emergency summit upon Putin’s brutal invasion of Ukraine to decide how best to respond to Russia’s act of aggression against its neighbour. In a pre-recorded video conference, Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky asked that NATO provide “effective and unrestricted” support for Ukraine, including any weapons needed by the country.  Mr Zelensky warned: “[Russia] wants to go further against eastern members of NATO, the Baltic states and Poland for sure.” He added: “But NATO has yet to show what the alliance can do to save people.” Speaking before the summit, Mr Johnson insisted that further sanctions needed to be imposed against Russia, and said that Putin had doubled down on his “path of violence and aggression”.