Despite the urgent warning of the Ministry of Defence that members of the British Army are prohibited from travelling to Ukraine, some squaddies have reportedly attempted to join the Ukrainian resistance, the Sun reported. The presence of British soldiers on the Ukrainian war field pose a great threat as they could be used as evidence that Britain has joined the war against Putin, if captured by the Russian army. The British Ministry of Defence has warned with disciplinary and administrative consequences for any soldier that travels to Ukraine In a statement, an MoD spokesperson said: “All Service Personnel are prohibited from travelling to Ukraine until further notice.“ They added: “This applies whether the Service Person is on leave or not. “Personnel travelling to Ukraine will face disciplinary and administrative consequences.” Among the soldiers believed to have gone to fight in Ukraine, is a member of the Coldstream Guard, which is the unit responsible to protect the royal palaces, including Windsor Castle and Buckingham Palace. The 19-year-old soldier, whose identity is protected for security reasons, quit his unit before he flew to Poland, with the intention to reach the border and got to Ukraine, according to the Sun. He is also said to have left a note for his parents before he left, explaining the reasoning behind his decision. Cabinet minister Grant Shapps warned that British soldiers breaking the law and heading to Ukraine to fight were creating a "dangerous situation". The Transport Secretary told ITV's Good Morning Britain: "You cannot go and fight if you're in the British Army, you cannot just get up and go and fight. "Of course that's inappropriate behaviour and you would expect the army to have some very, very strict rules in place, as they do." Asked what Russia might do if a British soldier was captured or killed, Mr Shapps said: "There's a big difference between Britain sending its army in and some people who are breaking with our law and going to do it. "But, clearly, this is a dangerous situation. And clearly, we want to make sure that the assistance we're providing is done in an official way - like the anti-tank missiles that we provided prior to and during this conflict, and like the 22,000 Ukrainians that we've trained." So far, only veterans of the British Army and volunteering citizens have gone to Ukraine to fight. When asked, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she supported their decision. She said: “That is something people can make their own decisions about. “The people of Ukraine are fighting for freedom and democracy, not just for Ukraine but for the whole of Europe. “Absolutely, if people want to support that struggle I would support them in doing that.” The Ukrainian ambassador to London, Vadym Prystaiko said that many volunteers had signed up to fight in Ukraine. He said: “We have an overwhelming number of people coming, just bombarding us, demanding to allow them to join up. “You wouldn’t believe it — it’s not just Ukrainians, it’s from all nations just asking how can we get in?”