Sarah Fullard, 42, had a few drinks at her home in Hull last year, to celebrate putting together her garden furniture. An inquest, which took place at Hull coroner's court, heard that Ms Fullard stumbled on a coffee table, leaving her momentarily unconscious. She landed in a position that left her unable to breathe, causing her to die of asphyxiation. The inquest heard that a neighbour had seen Ms Fullard constructing a garden bench earlier that day, saying that she appeared to be "merry" and "excited she had managed to put it up herself". From his garden, he later saw her slumped over the coffee table and immediately called 999. There was no suggestion at the inquest that Ms Fullard was drinking heavily, nor was alcohol found to be the direct cause of her death. Coroner Lorraine Harris called it a "tragic accident", saying Ms Fullard was doing "something we all do, sitting in the garden enjoying a drink". She said: "Sarah was described as merry and the alcohol level suggests she was at an increased risk of a fall but it did not contribute directly to her death. "She was going about her routine, having cooked a meal and cleaned up, which suggests to me she was no more than merry. "She simply did what many of us do and that was to have a few drinks in the safety of her home. "She appears to have stood up at some point and stumbled into her coffee table. "She landed in such a way that she was unable to breathe and became asphyxiated." She concluded: "This was an absolutely tragic accident. DON'T MISS: Boris and Biden's master plan to cripple Putin with £1.1tn blow [ANALYSIS] Putin humiliated as cameras CUT OFF speech in front of thousands [REPORT] Touching photo of dog carried to safety by family escaping Ukraine war [PICTURES] "This is something we all do, sitting in the garden enjoying a drink. "She was proud of herself that day for having put together some garden furniture and felt she had earned a drink and a chance to relax." According to the post-mortem, Sarah had moderate to severe alcohol intoxication, but it did not cause her death. Dr Ian Richmond, who gave evidence at the inquest, said Sarah died of "positional asphyxia". He also noted that her liver was in a healthy condition, suggesting she did not regularly consume large quantities of alcohol. According to the Mirror, Ms Fullard's mum, Jenny, described her as "happy and healthy". In a tribute to her daughter, she said: "We cannot put into words how much we love and miss Sarah. We are just incredibly proud of her. "Sarah was a happy and healthy little girl who enjoyed singing and dancing. "She was bright and never struggled at school and made lots of friends. "She loved performing arts and always stuck up for herself." She added: "Sarah was a brilliant mum and she always cooked healthy meals from scratch. "We are really proud of the way she brought up her boys who are intelligent and loving. "Her life was completely normal until her passing."