Yorkshire is bursting with breathtaking places to visit. Whilst it’s known for its rugged moorland and national parks, the county is steeped in rich Roman and Viking history. Route YC invited me to experience the land, sea and everything between it - in our electric car. Across three jam-packed days, we explored quaint towns, charming seasides, sprawling landscapes and unspoiled views. The first stop on the Route YC tour was Whitby; a popular seaside town for holidaymakers and tourists who come to explore the fishing port. Despite being out of season, Whitby was still charming. For incredible views, check out Whitby Abbey on the East Cliff and take the 199 steps down into the town. On the other side, whilst exploring the pier, the whalebone arch is also worth a wander to discover its history. Venturing out of Whitby, we drove inland to Falling Foss and Maybeck. Located in the North York Moors, the “magical woodland walk” takes you through the trees on a two-mile circular route that passes a tea garden and 30-foot Falling Foss waterfall, before returning alongside babbling May Beck. Lovely in the summer for a shady walk and shallow waters to paddle in, it was equally as spectacular in spring with the woodland starting to grow. The next stop was Robin Hood's Bay; a few miles west to the coast and we wandered down into a picturesque old fishing village. With brooding cliffs towering over the charming cottages, it was a great spot to embrace unusual architecture and uncover the fascinating smuggler's secrets of the bay. After all that exploring, Victoria Hotel welcomed us for a spot of lunch overlooking Robin Hood's Bay and beyond. Having taken a seat in the conservatory, the friendly waiting staff helped us choose from sandwiches, hot lunches and even afternoon tea. Still, feeling adventurous? The North Yorkshire Water Park had plenty on offer. Open seven days a week, you can choose from the zipline, climbing wall or wakeboarding. If you want something a little more serene, try paddleboarding or fishing. There’s a charming cafe on site for lunch, or to grab a quick coffee for those walking their dogs around the lake. READ MORE: Britons to see major travel rule change on Friday in time for Easter Our accommodation was “located between the sea and the moors”, just 2.6 miles north of Whitby centre, and Raithwaite Sandsend offered a unique coastal retreat in the heart of Yorkshire. Upon arrival, the friendliest member of the concierge helped us unload our car, check in and show us our room, before finding a spot for us to charge our electric car. If you too have travelled hours, and need a little relaxation, check out the spa. In terms of breakfast, there was an assortment of fresh pastries, cereals, and fruits to help yourself from. But if you fancy something else, there was also an extensive hot a la carte menu. A popular 1940’s theme tapas restaurant located across the river, The Blitz is run by the most welcoming owners. The menu was well-priced and included an array of dishes - we recommend the BBQ chicken wings and meatballs - all of which were served quickly and piping hot. As for drinks, there is a brilliant selection, including cocktails and Whitby’s very own gin. If you’re in the mood for seafood, there’s always Magpie Cafe which has a large menu offering local fish every which way. DON'T MISS...The Queen’s ‘very special’ holiday destination [INSIDER]Canary Islands on alert for ‘yellow fever’ mosquito [NEWS]Bahamas holiday: Where to stay in the paradise destination [REVIEW] In between Whitby and Scarborough sat Ravenscar; one of the most intriguing places on the Yorkshire coast. The coastal village offered dramatic clifftop views and a rocky beach where seals enjoyed a rest. There are several walks on offer starting at the National Trust cafe, which allow you to soak up the views. One of the most popular routes is to the viewpoint and down to the beach to visit the seals. As Britain’s original seaside resort, trips to Scarborough offer something for everyone with two beaches, exciting attractions and rich history. While walking along the beach, pier or cliffs offer beautiful views; the best view of Scarborough and the coast had to be from inside Scarborough Castle. The former medieval Royal fortress revealed a panoramic view over the Yorkshire coastline - well worth the steep walk to the entrance. Another alternative way of seeing Scarborough is from the water, and for anyone visiting, you must book a seat on the Scarborough Speed Boat's Wave Rider. This family-run business with a passion for the sea invited us to experience a trip on their powerboat. Thrilling, exhilarating, and utterly memorable, the boat rides open from Easter and are available for just £6. After all the excitement, the Piebald Inn was the perfect place for dinner; warm and welcoming. Located in Filey, there aren’t enough words to describe how incredible this pub was; with 52 “award-winning” pies on the menu, all named after horses, this is Yorkshire at its best. Whilst enjoying Piebald Inn’s very own ale, we spent a few minutes discussing what pie to try and settled on the Suffolk Punch (chicken tikka) and Senner (chicken, mushroom and shallots), and they did not disappoint. The whole evening at the Piebald Inn was unforgettable, and you can see why people travel hours to visit. If you fancy staying in town and are looking for an up-market lunch or dinner spot? The Green Room of Bar Street is a hidden gem. They offer a well-priced two or three-course Sunday lunch - with local meat and of course, giant Yorkshire puddings. Idyllically located at the end of Filey’s famous Victorian Crescent, the White Lodge enjoys unsurpassed views of Filey Bay and Brigg. The breakfast is a simple buffet and the hot menu mainly consisted of cooked breakfast. Located just outside Scarborough in Scalby, The Plough is a pub that makes an impact from the moment you step inside. Traditional decor with a modern twist, it was bursting with locals and the staff made us feel as if we were one of them. From a glance at the menu, you knew the food was going to be good; an array of Sunday lunches were available with several meat and vegetarian options. There was also a special’s board offering fish of the day. The pièce de résistance had to be the desserts; marmalade glazed whiskey and white chocolate croissant pudding, and salted caramel chocolate fondant completed an already incredible meal. Route YC has created six adrenaline-filled routes that offer an authentic and unique way to experience the Yorkshire coast. Their website is designed to make it easy for visitors to plan their trip with access to services and attractions available to book directly online. They also highlight the best spots to visit to ensure a perfect trip is had by all.