 Abe Housein, 58, has been a cab driver in Canterbury for 24 years, but may have to give up if a proposed ban goes ahead later this year. Canterbury City Council is phasing out petrol and diesel vehicles as it strives towards only having electric cabs by 2030.  From August, the authority will refuse to licence any taxi failing to meet the latest emission standards - Euro 6. The rules, which are set to be enforced in August, will affect all Euro 5 vehicles, which are predominantly petrol and diesel cabs registered before 2015, and pump out more toxic fumes. Mr Housein described the changes as “too scary to think about” and feared the costs to replace his car would be too high. To replace his eight-seater Fiat Scudo - which is Euro 5 and was registered in 2014 - with a suitable electric equivalent would cost him anywhere between £30,000 and £100,000. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered  He says one model he test drove, which retails at £73,500, did not even cover the 200 miles he does a day on one charge. As a result, he believes having to fork out for a new car would make the job untenable. The father-of-three said: “It would put me on the dole. “I’ve never been on it at 58 years old but I don’t have tens of thousands floating around to buy an electric taxi that doesn’t even do the job that I want. DON'T MISSDrivers warned when approaching junctions under new Highway Code rules [INSIGHT]Car headlights are a 'significant road safety risk' [WARNING]Motorists urged to change driving habits to save on car tax [SHOCKING]  “I could drive a smaller car but it doesn’t benefit my work because I would lose my school run and the families. “The financial impact is too scary to think about,” he told Kent Online. The taxi driver said drivers can earn as little as £30 a day, but sometimes more than £100. The city council wants the district’s entire taxi fleet to be either electric or hybrid by 2025, and fully electric by 2030.  But some taxi drivers have branded the targets “ridiculous”, calling for a delay until more charging stations are installed. Around three years ago, 92 percent of the 502 licensed vehicles in the district failed to meet the Euro 6 standard. Mr Housein added: “We don’t even have enough charging points. If we went out and bought electric taxis now, we’d be in big trouble. “We don’t even have the infrastructure yet. They put a charging point at the front of the taxi rank.  “The wire doesn’t even reach the charging point of one guy’s car. He has his own wire but you’re not allowed to link them together. “You would think you would come out and check this.” A spokesperson for Canterbury City Council says the authority is already considering whether the timetable for the changes needs to be amended. They told Kent Online: “Tackling climate change and cutting pollution to improve air quality around the district are key priorities for the council, and requiring taxi drivers to do their bit as quickly as possible is really important. “We listened carefully to the taxi trade when introducing this policy and promised to keep it under constant review because it depended on charging points being in place and how advanced electric vehicles had become by the time it was due to be implemented, especially how far they could travel on a single charge. “We are already considering whether the timetable needs amending in light of all of these factors. If licence holders have a clear view on a timetable they can deliver on, we would be keen to hear from them. This is an issue that is not going away so we need to work together to tackle it head on." Express.co.uk have contacted Canterbury City Council for a comment.