The news comes as the invasion of Ukraine is fast approaching its third week, with no apparent signs of Ukrainian resistance giving up. Many suggest Putin had hoped for his “special operation” to be over in days rather than weeks, and with reports of multiple Russian fatalities, the Kremlin has started to open up on its mission.  Speaking at an Orthodox church service, National Guard Chief Viktor Zolotov, himself a senior army General gave a damming report as to the lack of progress made by Russian forces. The General blamed the stagnation on what he said were far-right Ukrainian forces hiding behind civilians, an accusation repeatedly made by officials in Russia. Mr Zolotov’s comments appear to be the polar opposite of an assessment on Friday by Russia's Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu who told Putin "everything is going according to plan.” On the guard's website, the General, who was also Putin’s head of security said: “I would like to say yes, not everything is going as fast as we would like. "But we are going towards our goal step by step and victory will be for us, and this icon will protect the Russian army and accelerate our victory."  Recent reports emerging from Ukraine suggest Russian forces are stepping up their campaign. Western Ukraine saw a military base struck by Russian missiles in which Moscow claims was home to foreign fighters helping Ukraine. Interfax News Agency has also shown numerous Russian soldiers, pilots and conscripts captured by Ukrainian military forces, often in tears as they speak to loved ones back in Russia. In a bid to step up the assault, Russia has recently called on volunteers from the Middle East to assist in the invasion of Ukraine.  READ MORE: Putin's terrifying supersonic nuke bomber poised Already, multiple assets from the shady Wagner Group are present in Ukraine, with reports suggesting up to 400 African fighters have been tasked with assassinating Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Furthermore, Russia has allegedly asked for military and financial help from China. However, Moscow has vehemently denied this to be the case. According to Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, Russia has not asked China for military assistance and is able to achieve its goals in Ukraine on its own. He added all of Russia's plans in Ukraine will be fulfilled in full and in the timeframes outlined.  DON'T MISS:Russia ‘using banned white phosphorus bombs’ [REVEAL]One dead and two injured after two cars collide near Asda [REPORT]Locals wage war with WHEELIE BINS against drivers on street [INSIGHT] Potential assistance from the Chinese would be a significant development in Russia's invasion. It could upend the hold Ukrainian forces still have in the country as well as provide a counterweight to the harsh sanctions imposed on Russia's economy.China also denies the request for help. Speaking to CNN, China’s embassy spokesman in Washington Liu Pengyu said: "I've never heard of that." Mr Liu said: "The high priority now is to prevent the tense situation from escalating or even getting out of control. “China calls for exercising utmost restraint and preventing a massive humanitarian crisis."  According to the United Nations, it is believed more than 2.5 million Ukrainians have now fled the country. Poland, Moldova and Romania have taken the majority of the fleeing people in. Ireland recently accepted 5,500 refugees into the country, stating Dublin was ready to take in 100,000 in total. The UK has offered homeowners £350 per month for taking in Ukrainian refugees. For Volodya Vagner, a journalist with Novara Media, the situation for Putin is now one of saving face. The journalist says: “However Putin may have envisioned this war unfolding, it is already becoming reminiscent of the Soviet Union’s disastrous occupation of Afghanistan, which historians consider to have been a decisive factor in the Soviet Union’s demise. “With the conflict barely two weeks in, the Russian military already appears bogged down in a war it is not prepared for. “While it is hard to verify information coming out of Ukraine or to judge the extent to which anecdotal evidence is indicative of larger trends, there are signs Russian troops are already struggling with low morale.” 