Gardens can come in all shapes and sizes with some exposed to full sun and others sheltered in a cool shade. While sunlight is an essential ingredient for growing any plant, there are plenty of shade-loving varieties that will thrive in a sheltered spot. Express.co.uk reveals your guide to the best shade-loving plants for your garden. While there are plenty of shade-loving plants to choose from, you should first identify the type of shade you get in your garden. According to Gardeners’ World, there are three types of shade: To choose the right plants for your shaded areas, you should always consider the growing requirements of each variety as well as how the colours will work against the gloomy backdrop. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how Tall swinging trees, hedging, and north-facing gardens are all responsible for creating shade, and these sheltered areas are perfect for brightly coloured plants. For partially shaded spots, look to exotic colours to compliment the green and brown hues of overhanging foliage. While there are countless varieties of spurge, the euphorbia amygdaloides var. robbiae is one of the most enticing. The lime green flowers will arrive from late spring, offering a delicate contrast to its dark green leaves. Wood spurge is perfect for planting in tree-lined gardens, particularly in borders where there is plenty of sprawling growth. Native to the UK, the digitalis purpurea plant is a woodland variety which loves dappled and partial shade. According to Gardeners’ World, there are many cultivars and varieties that flower in a range of shapes, sizes and colours. Whichever foxglove you choose, there is no doubt that you will enjoy these delicate blooms in your garden. The vibrant orange seed pods are a sight to behold when the stinking iris opens up in autumn. This unique plant will do particularly well beneath trees, and is loved for its evergreen foliage and dull purple-green flowers. DON'T MISS:How to stop mould building up in your washing machine drawer [HOW TO]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share baking soda tip for getting odour out of carpets [REVEAL] The charming cornflower blue petals are the perfect addition to a shaded cottage garden. While officially known as the aquilegia, this bright bloom gets the name ‘granny’s bonnet’ from its bonnet-shaped flowers. Its waxy-green stems are the perfect contrast to partially shaded corners, borders and central spots in the garden. If your garden has a cottage or woodland feel, look no further than the delicate blue bellflower. The pretty clusters of small petals will last from summer to autumn and are perfect for attracting pollinators. The campanula lactiflora will thrive in partial, full or dappled shade. Some shade-loving plants require a daily dose of sunshine and are best planted in a lightly sheltered area. Known as the red, heart-shaped flower with white tips, these drooping blooms grow well in light, damp shade. According to Gardeners’ World, bleeding hearts are best grown in clumps amongst shrubs. The delicate bell-shaped flowers are the perfect companion plant for bleeding hearts. With bright, beautiful stems, this graceful cottage plant is perfect for light or partially shaded areas. If your garden has any consistently shaded spots, snowdrops and winter aconites will provide the perfect pop of colour through the cold seasons. Plant in areas which are sheltered by permanent structures. These bright yellow blooms grow in curled clumps which flower between January and February. They thrive in damp shade so will work well in borders or woodland settings. As one of the most iconic winter flowers, the snowdrop is known for its hardiness to the cold, wet conditions. Snowdrops thrive in full shade and love heavy, moist soil conditions.