Manchester United may turn their attentions to Carlo Ancelotti as they plan for a brighter future at Old Trafford. The Real Madrid boss’ job at the Bernabeu is uncertain in the long-term amid renewed links to Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino. So Express Sport will now take a look at how United would line up under the Italian if he gets given the role and lands the likes of Antonio Rudiger, Federico Valverde and Karim Benzema. United have had plenty go wrong this season. But David De Gea has been a shining light, with the Spain international back to his best after a few years of inconsistency. De Gea has become an undroppable presence once again this term, under both Ralf Rangnick and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. So Ancelotti has no reason to worry when it comes to his potential No 1. Dean Henderson is expected to leave United as a result of De Gea’s form amid links to Newcastle, who tried to snap him up in the January transfer window. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Ancelotti is an attack-minded manager. Therefore, it’s feasible he’d go with Diogo Dalot and Alex Telles in his United XI given their offensive attributes. While Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Luke Shaw are both capable going forward, Dalot and Telles have offered more of a threat in that area this term. United have seen Harry Maguire struggle and Ancelotti has been targeting a move for Chelsea’s Rudiger during his spell at Real. Should he end up moving to Old Trafford, however, he could strike up a strong connection with Raphael Varane at centre-back. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United have been playing Fred further ahead under interim boss Rangnick. So, if they sign Casemiro and lose Paul Pogba, it’s possible the Brazil international will stay in that sort of role. Casemiro won’t come cheap but, given the Red Devils’ need for an anchorman and the player’s close relationship with Ancelotti, could be pursued. In a 4-3-3 system, Fred could go on one side of their midfield. And Bruno Fernandes would go on the other, with the Portugal international currently back to his brilliant best. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While Ancelotti got the best from Cristiano Ronaldo during their time at Real Madrid together, the Portugal international is starting to resemble a faded force. But though Karim Benzema is another golden oldie, the France international is still operating at the peak of his powers. He’s already netted 19 goals from 23 La Liga matches this term. That’s more than Ronaldo has managed across all competitions for United combined. Benzema could find himself surplus to requirements in Spain if Los Blancos are successful in landing Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland. So, if United do manage to snap him up, it’s feasible he’d be deployed alongside Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford in attack. ESPN claim United are mulling over short-term options when it comes to their net manager. And Ancelotti is one name in the frame, with Sir Alex Ferguson having a close ‘personal relationship’ with the current Real Madrid boss. United are still hopeful of making a long-term appointment at the current moment in time. Yet while Ferguson is an admirer of Pochettino, the Scot has also recommended Ancelotti should the Argentine prove to be a tricky appointment. The current Los Blancos boss is viewed as the type of coach who could be successful during a short stint because of his 'extensive experience in the Premier League and Champions League’ while his track record with world-class players is another appealing attribute.