Both well into their thirties, Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi could be forgiven for beginning to wind down their efforts after a pair of illustrious careers. But the presence of one another seems to have kept them going, and that's just as well with both stars facing an off-season of drastic change at Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain respectively. With uncertainty on the horizon, Express Sport delves deeper into what the future could hold for the iconic duo, who boast a stunning 12 Ballon d'Or titles between them: United fans were euphoric when their modern hero returned last summer, a swoop made even sweeter by the fact that Manchester City were seemingly days away from sewing up the deal themselves. Since then the element of romanticism has gradually waned, even if Ronaldo's reported £500,000-a-week wages hadn't made sure of that already. Despite an up-and-down reunion, his prolific goal-scoring return cannot be denied. A haul of 18 goals in 32 matches this season is nothing to be scoffed at, even if it suggests he will finish with less than 30 in all competitions for just the second time since 2009. JUST IN: Gary Neville 'really worried' about Liverpool winning quadruple due to midfield strength  Some have questioned his impact on games when he does not find the net, and talk suggesting that Ronaldo will cut his Manchester return short if United fail to qualify for next season's Champions League refuses to go away. Armed with a fierce work ethic at 37-years-old, it is clear that the Portuguese icon is keen to stuff his trophy cabinet to the brim until the day he retires. A sentimental return to Sporting Lisbon, a sensational link-up with Messi at PSG and a voyage back to the Bernabeu have all been touted as potential destinations if he does make way, but the prospect of staying at United could look a whole lot more enticing if the forward likes the look of Ralf Rangnick's permanent replacement. With an announcement expected over the coming weeks, Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are currently viewed as the front-runners and could have a say on whether Ronaldo stays or goes. READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview The Argentine was forced out of Catalonia last summer when Barcelona turned their pockets inside out to reveal nothing but fabric when it was time to renew his lucrative contract. That abruptly ended a 17-season stint in the Barca first team, although the blow was softened by the promise of a breathtaking front three involving himself, Kylian Mbappe and Neymar at the Parc des Princes. This campaign, Paris has hosted Messi's first club test outside of Barcelona and it has not gone exactly how people expected. A measly Ligue 1 return of two goals thus far is a million miles away from the numbers he put up at Barca, even if a boat-load of assists and impressive displays have given Parisians hope that there is more to come. PSG have their own uncertainty to navigate this summer with Mauricio Pochettino expected to be replaced by Zinedine Zidane in the dugout. The former Tottenham boss is firmly in contention to take the Man Utd hotseat, and the prospect of working with a Real Madrid legend could be an uneasy one from Messi's perspective. Having refused to renew his contract, Mbappe looks certain to jet off to the Bernabeu leaving Messi and Neymar to carry the attacking burden in France. At 34-years-old, Messi is three years Ronaldo's junior and still has plenty in the tank so PSG are in capable hands, even if 'Leo' has left fans wanting more during his debut campaign.