Since being appointed as Arsenal manager in 2019, Mikel Arteta has taken a ‘no nonsense’ approach with his players. The bad influences in the team have been cropped, young players have been brought through and those who need loan spells have been let go of. The latter applies to centre back Pablo Mari, who is currently on loan at Udinese. The Spaniard signed for the Gunners in 2020 but found his opportunities limited at the Emirates Stadium, making 12 appearances for the club over the course of two seasons. And it was those irregular chances in the first team that led to the defender questioning whether he had a future at the club, and Arteta’s response was brutal but fair. Mari told ESPN: “In the winter, we made commitments together. I explained my situation to him (Arteta), my feelings. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE “I don't play in the last six months. [He said] the plan in the next six months until June is going to be the same. “ I can play, of course, because maybe other centre-backs get injured, there can be a red card or yellow cards, but it is going to be one, two, maximum three or four games. In the end, I don't want that for me. "[Arteta] was a really, really, really good person in that moment. He said to me 'everything that you need, you deserve that. You were a professional player until the end and you deserve it so everything I can help you, I'm going to do it.' “I'm so glad to hear that from a coach because it was not an easy moment for me." DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours Mari has since made four appearances in the Serie A since making his January transfer window move and is starting to find his feet in the league. Although Udinese are sitting in 14th place in the league, they have only lost one of their past five matches and most recently drew 1-1 with AC Milan. Mari was full of praise for Arteta despite being told he had no future at the club for this season. He continued: “I have to say he is one of the best coaches in the world because when he does the game plan... I never seen it like this. “How he finds solutions for us and makes it easy to play the game: I've never seen something like this. That means he is an amazing coach. To give you the tools to play a game more easily, that's amazing because when you go to the pitch, you already have in your head the type of thing you have to do to play easy. "He gave me the tool that if I can take three or four seconds before the ball arrives to me, I am going to have this three or four seconds to think for the next action," he continued. "For me, this was the key because I have time [now]. He was the only coach to give me that tool and make football more easy. "I play more easy and I can see another type of option that before I never saw because before, I never had time with the ball. So now at the moment, I put in my head another level because of [Arteta]." The good form of first choice Gunners centre backs Ben White and Gabriel means that it could be hard to displace either of the pair, as well as considering William Saliba is excelling on loan at Marseille, but Mari can take confidence from his performances at Udinese going forward.