The West would scream and shout and make a fuss, but when push came to shove we walked away and did nothing. Vladimir Putin may be getting more irrational by the day, but it was entirely rational of him to conclude that if he pushed us once more, the same thing would happen. Yet something has changed. In the past few days, far from just talking a good game, we have acted: with teeth, and with intent. It is as if we were in fact more of a sleeping giant than, as many feared, fatally weak. With a clear and obvious existential threat, we have woken. There should be no doubt about the scale of the threat. If Putin had been allowed to get away with the invasion of one sovereign independent nation, he may well have pushed on to others that he believes should really form part of a greater Russia – the Baltic States, for example. The numbers of dead and the refugee crisis, already huge, would be catastrophic. Ukraine is not a member of Nato. Nor are Finland and Sweden, and they could have been on his agenda. Putin might even have concluded that he could attack a Nato member such as Latvia, Lithuania or Estonia and that it would not automatically lead to war. So it was vital this time he was left in no doubt that we are serious in our response. While there are understandable calls for even tougher sanctions, those we implemented should not be underestimated. Removing key Russian banks from the international Swift money transfer scheme was vital, as was blocking the Russian central bank from using its foreign reserves. The Norwegian sovereign wealth fund – the largest in the world – has started to divest its Russian assets. Perhaps most astonishing – and heartening – of all, Germany has ripped up 70 years of refusing to act militarily and started to sell weapons to Ukraine, this weekend also pledging to increase defence spending over the symbolic two percent of GDP. Wherever you look, there are clear signs that the West has woken from its torpor. It is, of course, entirely legitimate to say “about time”, since it has been our refusal to act properly that has got us into this mess. The fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and the end of the Cold War led to the widespread idea that there was some kind of “peace dividend”, with far less need for defence spending. It was a catastrophically naïve idea. The idea that the collapse of the Soviet Union meant “the end of history” – as one famous book put it at the time, proclaiming the triumph of Western-style liberalism – was not so much naïve as ludicrous. The events of 9/11 should have jolted the West awake but, although we threw some sticks around, we kept walking away, most recently from Afghanistan, where the Taliban knew they only had to wait to emerge triumphant. There are a number of lessons from the re-awakening of the West and this Russian invasion. Here are three of the most obvious and important. First, we must not allow ourselves to fall into the trap again of pretending to ourselves that we can get away with repeated defence cuts. In 1980, we had 320,000 in the armed forces. Last year it was down to 149,000, with further cuts due by 2025. Second, our dependence on Russian energy has to end, it funds Putin and constrains our actions. Acts that affect our self-determination in energy, such as our refusal to consider fracking, need to be rethought. Finally, we allowed Putin to think we would not respond to his aggression because for years we showed we were weak. Afar more dangerous adversary is China. Russia’s economy is in a bad way – but China is an economic giant that has insinuated itself into economies and politics across the planet. We cannot allow China to draw the same conclusion – that we will effectively stand by and watch if, for example, it invades Taiwan. It is encouraging that the Chinese did not veto the recent UN resolution condemning the invasion. But we need to stand firm and show our resolve to make sure China realises the old days of Western weakness are over. There is nothing good about Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. But if it marks the moment when the West found its footing once more and reset the next few decades towards a more rules-based system, that will mark a hugely important development.