One person has been killed and 19 injured after parts of a Russian missile fell on a residential building in the northern part of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv on Friday morning, Mayor Klitschko said. Emergency services said in a statement that 12 people were rescued and 98 were evacuated from the 5-storey building. Russia has relied heavily on missiles and shelling to subdue Ukraine's forces but has yet to secure any of its 10 largest cities. Speaking to reporters, Mr Klitschko said: "He's not healthy, there's no reason to talk to him. "To do it like that in my home country, it's not a healthy man - he's unhealthy. "It's a huge danger not for Ukraine but for the whole world." Sky's Alex Crawford asked: "Do you think this could have been a mistake of was this deliberately targeting civilians?" READ MORE: Smash balls at Putin’s head - Novel way to batter evil Vlad The Mayor continued: "We're talking about his mistakes, last morning was a mistake? "Huge mistakes to destroy Kharkiv and Mariupol? How many mistakes, how many civilians have to be killed." He added: "What can they explain about special operation? This war is against civilians, against Ukrainian population. I see no military here." More than three weeks since Putin launched an invasion to subdue what he calls an artificial state undeserving of nationhood, Ukraine's elected government is still standing and Russian forces have not captured a single big city. Russian troops have taken heavy losses while blasting residential areas to rubble, sending more than 3 million refugees fleeing. Moscow denies it is targeting civilians in what it calls a "special operation" to disarm its neighbour. Russia expanded its missile strikes to Lviv in the west of Ukraine as British intelligence suggested Putin's invasion had made only "minimal progress" this week. Armed forces minister James Heappey said on Friday the early-morning attack on the city that has swelled with people sheltering from elsewhere in Ukraine showed Russia was broadening its strikes. DON'T MISS 'Pure thug' Putin waging immoral war in Ukraine [INSIGHT]France and Germany shamed as EU states provided Putin with deadly arms [ANALYSIS]Putin turmoil as Russian soldiers 'refuse to come home' [VIDEO] Lviv Mayor Andriy Sadovyi said several missiles hit a facility for repairing military planes near the city's international airport and also damaged a bus repair site. Shelling around the capital of Kyiv also continued as the number of refugees estimated to have fled exceeded 3.4 million. Mr Heappey said indiscriminate shelling on cities were "very probably" war crimes and said the Russian President bears the ultimate "culpability" for atrocities. "The areas of Ukrainian territory that have been taken by the Russians haven't changed for a week or so. The Russians are way behind in their plan; they are failing to achieve their military objectives and that may be some cause for optimism," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.