Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, 74, appeared today at the new Royal Academy of Dance headquarters. The Duchess is the Vice-Patron of the academy and looked incredible for the occasion. Camilla donned an elegant knee-length navy dress and black boots as she attended the grand opening.  The Duchess then styled her blonde hair into loose waves as she tried out some of her best moves with the professionals. She kept her makeup subtle with the addition of pink lipstick which looked great on the 74-year-old. Camilla coordinated her navy dress with a blue Chanel handbag for a bit of designer fashion. She also accessorised with some gold jewellery for understated glamour. READ MORE: Inside Camilla's £56.6m London home with photos of Harry & Meghan A royal fan, @bykriiistiiieee took to Twitter saying: “Such a lovely engagement and beautiful photos and videos! Our Duchess is such a sweet, little elegant silver swan.” Having previously gushed about her love of ballet and the importance of being active, Camilla eagerly joined in a class with the Silver Swans dance group during the visit. Camilla has been Vice-Patron of the Royal Academy since 2020, alongside the Queen who has held the role since 1953. Today, she appeared in good spirits as she posed for photographs with Cuban British dance director Carlos Acosta and former BBC Strictly Come Dancing judge Darcey Bussell. The royal also spoke with dancers and unveiled a plaque to commemorate the opening of the new Royal Academy of Dance headquarters in South-West London. The Royal Academy of Dance has over 100 years of experience in teaching dance and has offices in 36 countries. Their new £19.5million Battersea headquarters aims to provide students and teachers with enhanced training facilities, including a library and a 193-seat studio theatre to showcase talent. Plans for the purpose-built building were first announced in January 2017. Camilla received a warm welcome today including a bouquet of flowers, having previously visited the organisation to show her support.  Meeting the president of the organisation Darcey Bussell during a video call when she was announced as Vice Patron of the Royal Academy of Dance in 2020, Camilla said: “I love dance in any form, so it’s a real honour for me to be asked. “My visit there was so memorable, first of all because of the Silver Swans, but actually meeting everybody. “It had a wonderful feeling of comradeship and also such a happy place! I think dancing makes you happy.” The royal learned more about the history of RAD during a visit to the V&A's Royal Academy of Dance display last year. At the time, she had been candid about having her own dance lessons at home with a group of friends and also opened up about her and Prince Charles' experiences of lockdown.  Camilla admitted: “Well it's very peculiar. My husband is a workaholic so it's work wherever he is. We try to do something for our charities most days. “We've got to keep active otherwise we will all seize up and we won't be able to get out of bed in the morning. “It doesn't matter if it is 10 minutes or 20 minutes, it just starts off the day." Camilla revealed that she starts her day “with a bit of Silver Swans and a bit of Pilates... and a lot of walking, which I love,” she added. 