The National Health Service (NHS) is a publicly funded body that provides healthcare to billions across England. The NHS makes up one of four public NHS systems in the UK, with NHS Wales, NHS Scotland and Health and Social Care in Northern Ireland. For those arriving in the UK from Ukraine, the system may be confusing - so what are you entitled to? The UK is providing services to Ukrainians fleeing the conflict in their home country, including sponsorship schemes for homes and the ability to find jobs or apply for benefits. Under the Homes for Ukraine or Ukraine Family schemes, Ukrainians who are fleeing to the UK can apply for visas and find a safe place to stay. With the upheaval of leaving homes, thoughts may turn to healthcare, finding jobs and sorting out finances. However, perhaps the easiest of these is healthcare, with the NHS free to Ukrainians arriving in the UK under the above schemes. Read More: Ukrainian schools in the UK - Full list Health Secretary Sajid Javid said earlier this month: "It’s our moral duty to ensure any Ukrainian arriving in England, after being forced out of their home country by the Russian invasion, is able to access the healthcare they might need, without worrying about the cost." Ukrainians arriving in the UK will be able to access the NHS free of charge - including any GP or nurse appointments, urgent care centres or hospital services. If you find yourself needing care, you can use the NHS website here to search for the appropriate service. Simply use the postcode of the area you are staying to find services close to you. For those needing dental care, Express.co.uk has put together a handy guide for you here. You can also register with a General Practitioner (GP), which will make receiving any regular medication or appointments easier. Visit this website here to find out how to register with a GP. You can also have free access to Covid vaccinations if required. If you require medication, you should be aware there are prescription charges issued by the NHS. The current prescription charge is £9.35 per item, however, there are circumstances under which medication is free of charge. These include - Certain benefits also entitle you to free prescriptions including - And if you are entitled to or named on Some medical conditions also qualify for free prescriptions, for more information visit the NHS website here.