Pensioners are the most likely to be losing out on vital Government help according to Age UK. More than three million (3.4 million) pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance which is available to Britons who have reached state pension age who are physically or mentally disabled. Attendance Allowance could make a huge difference in someone’s life as the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) give successful claimants £388 a month. All benefits are increasing by 3.1 percent in a couple of weeks which will add up to an extra £145.60 a year for people who receive Attendance Allowance. Annually, this will mean people receive £4,804.80, instead of £4,659.20.This is a yearly increase of £145.60. The 3.1 percent increase could help Britons hold the front against the rising cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants could be eligible for freebies worth thousands - check now The benefit currently offers £89.60 for those on a higher rate and £60 for anyone receiving a lower rate. People who need help or supervision throughout both day and night could get the higher rate of £89.60. The lower rate is provided for those that need "limited" supervision or care during either the day or night. Britons are encouraged to fill out the form to claim what they are entitled to, as Attendance Allowance is not just financial assistance. Successfully claiming Attendance Allowance can also qualify Britons for various other benefits such as Pension Credit, council tax reduction or housing benefit. Many charities and advice websites note that the high rejection rate for Attendance Allowance is often due to the way claimants fill out their application. The questions can often be quite personal and applicants may find they want to understate their needs out of embarrassment or simply forget to note everything. This can be detrimental as the benefit is reliant on claimants needing a certain amount of care for a certain amount of time and but understating or underestimating one’s needs they run the risk of being seen as ineligible for the benefit. The Attendance Allowance application, otherwise known as the AA1 form, contains a number of personal questions. Questions 27 to 43 are especially focused on a person's care needs in relation to their personal tasks. It is crucial for a person to mention the impact of their illness or disability. To be eligible for Attendance Allowance all of the following must apply to the claimant: