Lauren Ormesher, 32, from Skelmersdale, Lancashire, received a letter saying her daughter Maggie Heron was overweight following a Body Mass Index (BMI) test at Cobbs Brow Primary School. The 32-year-old - who describes her child who goes dancing every week as "very healthy" - took to Facebook to post about her experience and found other parents had received the same letter. The mum-of-three told LancsLive: “We got a letter home saying she’s overweight – I put a post up on Facebook and it turns out a lot of kids all over the country got this letter saying they’re overweight. "It’s nothing to do with school - a lot of parents had it and had received letters. "One was from South Wales and some were from London area and all over the place. "Our letter was addressed to the parent or guardian of Maggie, and it said she was overweight according to their test. "I was quite shocked as she’s a very healthy child and to see the word 'overweight' seemed crazy. "Then I felt angry at the damage a letter like this could do to such young children." Ms Ormesher is now calling for an end to BMI checks, which use your height and weight to work out if your weight is healthy, for youngsters. READ MORE: Banning children from school in pandemic was a mistake, says Zahawi She said: “My concern was that some parents might put their kids on a diet and eating disorders, and all the stress that this entails. “Maggie is quite active - she goes Morris dancing once a week, and she's not overweight or anything in the slightest. It’s about spreading awareness. “A lot of people are not happy with the BMI weight checks. “If a child is clearly very overweight and having health issues due to that, it should be dealt with on an individual basis." DON'T MISSAverage adult has just seven photos taken with their mum a year [ANALYSIS]Sadiq Khan slammed for school 'misogyny' campaign [VIDEO]Scarlet fever on the 'rise' following school outbreak - symptoms [INSIGHT] The mum-of-three received the letter from the Lancashire Healthy Young People and Families' Service, run by HCRG Care Group. Dr Sakthi Karunanithi, Lancashire County Council's director of public health, said: "The National Child Measurement Programme is part of the Government's plans to improve young people's wellbeing and gather data relating to their health. "We commission HCRG to deliver the programme in Lancashire. "This is one of the services we provide to support the families of 0 to 19-year-olds, which help to ensure young people maintain a healthy weight and have an active start to life. "BMI is one of a number of indicators of people's health, but every case is different and we'd encourage any parents with concerns to contact their school nursing teams for help and support." A spokesperson for HCRG Care Group said: “The National Childhood Measurement Programme is a national scheme which we deliver in Lancashire on behalf of Lancashire County Council. "As part of the programme, we write to parents whose children the programme identifies are either under or overweight for their age, sex and height to access to free support and guidance. “Whilst we do understand it can be upsetting for parents to hear that their child has been measured and identified as overweight or underweight against the national target range, we hope they appreciate the information is intended to help identify where positive changes can be made and provide the support to make those changes.” Additional reporting by Claire Barre.