Orchids are popular houseplants with homeowners thanks to their pretty flowers. However, they can be tricky to look after and can often be overwatered which can lead to problems such as root rot. In a video for one of the largest online garden retailers in Britain, Primrose.co.uk, plant expert Michael Perry shared his advice for watering houseplants. Michael, who is also known as Mr Plant Geek, also revealed how to water orchids. One of the most renowned pieces of advice regarding orchids is to water them using an ice cube. But Mr Plant Geek has explained what the hack really means. He said: “You might see advice out there to give orchids an ice cube per week. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass “It doesn't mean an ice cube, it means the equivalent of an ice cube in water - warm water.” The plant expert explained what his own houseplant watering schedule looks like. Mr Plant Geek said he has a reminder on his phone once a week on a Thursday. This is the day he goes around his whole house to check whether his plants need a drink.  DON'T MISSWhite vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [UPDATE]Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio [ANALYSIS] He said: “At that point, it might be that some houseplants particularly need it and they might start to be looking as if they're wilting - but I get to them on that Thursday. “It might be those plants that don't need it so I just ignore them on that Thursday. “But I find that this is the best way to organise looking after my houseplants around my own busy life.” Mr Perry said houseplant owners should also “never” share watering responsibilities with partners or friends because there is a “risk of overwatering” plants. The reason for this is because both you and your partner or friend could accidentally end up watering the plant on the same day. The gardening expert said the plant could end up being a “soggy mess”. The temperature of the water is also an important aspect when it comes to watering houseplants. Although it may be tempting to use cold water straight from the tap, warm water is best.  Michael explained: “When you water, use warm water if you can. “Don't use ice cold water straight from the tap. “Also, if your plants like humidity then spray them every time you water. “Or have a saucer of pebbles and water from below and you'll have a much more humid environment around your plants.” Mr Plant Geek also said houseplants go through a rest period in the winter so will need reduced watering.