New footage has been released showing another angle of Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the 2022 Oscars. The footage released on TikTok shows the back ofJada Pinkett Smith’s head as she seemingly bends over laughing at the incident.  On Sunday evening’s show, Will approached the stage and slapped Chris after he made a joke about Jada’s hair. Chris had quipped that he can’t wait to see GI Jane 2 when he saw her shaved head. However, Jada has alopecia and rolled her eyes at the comment. Up until now, viewers could not see her reaction to the actual slap.  Although this new video filmed on a phone shows Will walking off the stage as she laughed with the audience. Jada leans forward, shakes her head and seems to laugh. This was just before Chris said: “Wow. Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me.” Express.co.uk has approached Jada’s reps for comment on the video. Jada has not addressed the slapping incident yet directly. However, on Tuesday, she did post a cryptic post about “healing”. This featured a picture reading simply: “This is a season for healing and I’m here for it.” Comments were limited on the post but some fans were able to share their love for her. Will won the award for Best Actor at the Oscars following the incident. DON'T MISS... Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap [INSIGHT]Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith [VIDEO]Venus Williams suffers wardrobe malfunction during Oscars ceremony [PICTURES]  He gave a tearful speech to the audience where he apologised to the Academy. In the days since the Academy has condemned the incident and is investigating it. Will has also posted a full apology on Instagram, where he directly said sorry to Chris. On Monday, he penned: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behavior at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. (sic) “Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally.” The actor then added: “I would like to publicly apologize to you, Chris. (sic) “I was out of line and I was wrong. I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. “There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness.”