In the latest case, a murder probe was launched after a man, 21, died after being stabbed outside a Subway shop in the early hours of today. Police were called to reports of a stabbing in Bournemouth town centre at around 4.44am on Saturday. A man was taken to hospital from the scene but later died. No arrests have been made. Detective Inspector Simon Huxter said: “A full and detailed investigation is under way into this incident and our thoughts are with the victim’s family at this very difficult time. “I would urge anyone who saw what happened and has not yet spoken to officers to please contact Dorset Police immediately. “I am also keen to hear from anyone who may have witnessed what happened, or captured anything of relevance on home CCTV or dashcam, to please come forward. About five hours earlier two men were arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died during a pub brawl. Officers were called to reports of a fight involving a large group of people at the Pier Hotel in Withernsea, Humberside, at 11:30pm on Friday. The injured man was pronounced dead at the scene. Humberside Police said the arrested men, 35 and 46, were also being held on suspicion of grievous bodily harm and remained in custody last night. Earlier on Friday, a teenager died after being fatally stabbed in a town centre in broad daylight. The 19-year-old sought help from staff in a bar he ran into have being stabbed in Bury at around 3.50pm on Friday. He was taken to hospital after staff gave first aid, but he died shortly afterwards. Three 16-year-olds were later arrested on suspicion of murder. The victim sought help from staff in a bar he ran into after being stabbed in Bury at around 3.50pm on Friday. He was taken to hospital after staff gave first aid, but he died shortly afterwards. Detective Superintendent Lewis Hughes said: "This has been a fast-paced investigation and I am pleased to say detectives have made three arrests overnight in connection with his death. “Although they remain in custody for questioning, our investigation is still in its initial stages and we are continuing to appeal to anyone who may have been in the area at the time to come forward and assist police. “This incident occurred in broad daylight in a Bury town centre so it is highly likely there are members of the public who witnessed the assault or may have mobile phone footage from around the town. “This is a shocking incident of violence and I want to assure the public we are continuing to work at pace to ensure those responsible face justice and we provide this young man’s family with the answers they deserve.” More than four hours before the attack, police used a drone to investigate the death of a man, 51, found with fatal stab injuries. Officers were called to the Bartley Green area of Birmingham to reports of a stabbing at around 11.20am on Friday. The victim sadly died at the scene. A West Midlands Police spokesman said: "We are speaking to people and are reviewing CCTV. Our drone has also been capturing images to help with the investigation. Specialist search teams will be joined by forensic experts as they search for evidence." A man was arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing at 2.10am this morning in an operation involving officers supported by armed police. The suspect was detained at a multi-occupancy property in Warwick Road, Tyseley. The 20-year-old is suspected of being involved in a disorder in Grazebook Croft, Bartley Green at 11.20am on Friday that ended in tragedy. He was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in custody for questioning. The victim, aged 51, suffered multiple knife injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene. A West Midlands Police spokesman said: "We’ve now traced and informed his next of kin; we have a specialist Family Liaison Officer supporting his loved ones. A post mortem examination is scheduled to take place tomorrow which it’s hoped will confirm the precise cause of death. Detective Inspector Jim Mahon from our Homicide Unit, said: “We’re working hard to understand exactly what happened and to get justice for the victim’s family. “We believe there was some kind of altercation or argument between the two men in the build-up to the murder. “We’re still appealing for information, speaking to witnesses and reviewing CCTV.” The violence came after a 14-year-old boy was been charged on Friday with murder after a man was fatally stabbed outside an Asda supermarket in Redditch. West Mercia Police said Ian Kirwan, 53, was attacked on Jinnah Road in Redditch, Worcestershire, around 7.20pm on Tuesday. The boy charged with murder, who cannot be named for legal reasons, appeared at Kidderminster Magistrates' Court on Friday and spoke only to confirm his name, date of birth and address during a short hearing. He was not required to enter a plea. Eleven youths have been arrested in connection with the attack. Two remain in custody, alongside the boy charged with murder. Police said one has been released on bail while the other seven have been released with no further action.