Ukrainian tennis player Sergiy Stakhovsky haș slammed Antonio Conte for his comments on Russia's invasion of Ukraine, after the Italian said that the decision to ban Russia's sporting stars from all competitions was 'not fair'. Russian troops invaded Ukraine on February 24 after a week of 'peacekeeping' on the border. Cities such as Kyiv, Donetsk and Luhansk have all been ambushed, with many families having to flee across the border to Poland in order to avoid conflict. As a result, Russian athletes have been banned from most competitions in a bid to clamp down on their nation's wrongdoing. And after Tottenham manager Conte claimed the ordeal was 'very sad', Stakhovsky has berated him for his comments. "I am not sure you understand the situation in Ukraine," Stakhovsky said. "Otherwise, I cannot imagine you would make a comment which would sound like you are sad about Russian athletes and businessmen. TOP STORY: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected  "Millions of Ukrainians had to flee their homes because of the Russian invasion. Millions have to leave [sic] through hell in their own cities while Russian planes and artillery bombard them. Please wake up. Russians will have to carry collective guilt for the destruction and killings they are committing in Ukraine." Conte made his voice known following Tottenham's 3-2 loss at Manchester United on Saturday. "I repeat, it's very sad that this serious situation, this war between Russia and Ukraine, is affecting football and the sporting [world]," Conte said. "To know that Russian athletes are banned from competitions is very sad. I think it's not fair. I know very well the work that they do every day for this competition. You have to pay for this situation, I think it's not right." Tottenham currently sit eighth in the Premier League, albeit with two games in hand ove fifth-placed United, who they can overtake if they win them both. Conte's side have won three of their last five fixtures in the Premier League to keep them in the hunt for a Champions League spot. They take on Brighton on Thursday evening in a bid to solidify their cause.