Lord Alan Sugar has offered to send Piers Morgan out to war-torn Ukraine on a private jet in the latest update in their long-running feud. Lord Sugar’s nemesis Piers had tweeted demanding world leaders do more to stop Russian President Vladimir Putin. Former Good Morning Britain host Piers had responded to reports Russia had attacked a hospital in Ukraine, killing many and injuring people including expectant mothers. A tweet from journalist Olga Tokariuk read: “Watch this, world. Watch pregnant Ukrainian women with their faces covered in blood. “Watch facilities for newborn babies destroyed. Watch dead bodies buried in a mass grave because of incessant bombardment of Mariupol. “You enabled Putin for years and it's the result”.  To this, Piers replied :“FFS”, in view of his 7.9million followers, alongside several angry emojis. “How can we ignore this?” he asked. “The world must stand up to Putin, and we need leaders with the guts to do it.” The Apprentice host Lord Sugar then quote-tweeted this message in view of his 5.2million followers, asking: “And do what ?  Give the solution. You can't keep crowing without giving  the solution.” One of his followers named Koptie then wrote: “Sir Alan can you kindly get Piers a ticket to Ukraine? “He has been talking the talk and wants countries to send soldiers In to ger killed, he sees himself as the torch bearer of Freedom so let's see him lead by example @piersmorgan will you go if @Lord_Sugar sorts it out? (sic).” To this, Lord Sugar replied: “@piersmorgan I am happy to lend you my jet to go to orchestrate let me know I will have advise the insurers (sic).” Piers has made his feelings known in recent weeks that he believes the West is not doing enough to crack down on Putin, who is still attacking Ukraine despite sanctions being ramped up. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] He tweeted: “Putin’s laughing at us. “He now knows that all he has to do to is threaten to use his nukes (which he won’t) and we’ll all run away in terror. “When did we get so pathetically spineless in the face of nasty little bullies?” The TalkTV star accompanied the tweet with a picture of Putin laughing.  He recently called out the international community over its response to Putin’s advances into Ukraine, questioning the lack of military intervention from NATO. “There’s a 40-MILE convoy of Russian military vehicles heading towards Kyiv to surround the city, trap the people there, and bomb them into submission,” he penned. “Are we really just going to sit back and watch Putin do this? “There’s a war crime unfurling in front of us. Who will stop it?”