The British Army will inform soldiers on Tuesday not to travel to Ukraine, the Telegraph has revealed. The warning comes amid fears it could risk triggering a major escalation in Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The broadsheet has claimed to have seen a daily message, known as a Part 1 Order, which indicates the deputy chief of the general staff Sir Chris Tickell, 57, will say: "There has been some recent media coverage relating to foreigners being welcomed into Ukraine to help fight against Russia. "To be clear, as members of the British Army, you are not authorised to travel to Ukraine to support the ongoing conflict against Russia in any form, whether you are on leave or not. "Please remain professional and focused on your duty and your team." Some commanders were even said to have been warned on Sunday that there were "rumblings through back channels of some soldiers considering [going to Ukraine]". The letter will also suggest it would be "very bad from a reputational and presentational point of view" but also that "more worryingly, at its worst, it could lead to miscalculation, which we need to guard against". JUST IN: Russian military convoy stretches 40-miles, warns space tech company The report comes shortly after Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, 46, told the BBC she would "absolutely" back anyone wanting to volunteer to help the Ukrainians against Russia. Ms Truss said: "That is something people can make their own decisions about. The people of Ukraine are fighting for freedom and democracy, not just for Ukraine, but for the whole of Europe." However, Boris Johnson, 57, has distanced himself from his Cabinet colleague's comment. A spokesperson for the Prime Minister said: "We think the best way to help Ukraine would be to ensure Putin fails. "There are a number of ways that Brits can show their support. READ MORE: Ambassador claims Russia used deadly vacuum bomb in Ukraine attack "The Ukrainian embassy in London is putting up information about how British people can support them." Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, 51, went on to add the situation was "very dangerous". Bournemouth East MP and Chair of the Defence Select Committee Tobias Ellwood, 55, tweeted his thoughts on Ms Truss' comments. He told his 75,000 Twitter followers: "We say NO to tasking the NATO alliance - but now endorse UK civilians, with no military training, to go and fight in Ukraine! "Please do NOT go if you have no combat experience. DON'T MISS:What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS]Chilling meaning of new symbols appearing all over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] "You may get yourself and others who have to look after you, killed." There is also said to be some legal issues surrounding a Brit fighting for a foreign nation. The Foreign Enlistment Act 1870 makes it an offence for a UK citizen to fight in a way which involves a nation state which is at peace with the UK. However, the Telegraph also stressed some experts suggest the legislation is not always applied and is unlikely to be in the case of Ukraine.