Manchester United would likely be forced to pay Diego Simeone at least twice as much as what Jurgen Klopp earns at Liverpool in order to convince him to swap Atletico Madrid for Old Trafford, according to reports. The Red Devils are currently on the lookout for a new permanent manager to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick ahead of next season and Simeone has recently been mentioned as one of several possible candidates for the role. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are reportedly among the standout options on United's shortlist, with the latter said to have already been interviewed over the managerial role by club chiefs. Simeone, who has managed Atletico Madrid since 2011, has also been put forward as a potential target after helping the Spanish giants to win last season's La Liga title before dumping the Red Devils out of the Champions League earlier this month.However, it seems as though United would face a major financial obstacle in appointing the 51-year-old ahead of next season. Simeone is currently the highest-paid manager in Europe with a monthly salary in the region of £2.78million, according to Football Espana.Simeone's monthly figure eclipses that of Pep Guardiola and Klopp, who picks up around £1.24m per month at Liverpool, while Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is said to earn a similar amount in north London. It seems unlikely that Simeone would accept the offer of a pay cut in order to take charge at Old Trafford, which hints at why United have decided to look elsewhere in their efforts to snap up a permanent replacement for Rangnick at the end of the season. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo Jr could become Man Utd icon like his dad in footage The Atletico Madrid boss is widely regarded as one of the world's finest coaches after leading the Spanish heavyweights to a number of major honours over the course of his 11-year spell at the club. He has won two La Liga titles, the Copa del Rey, the Supercopa de Espana, two Europa League titles and two European Super Cups during his time in charge and is currently tied down until the summer of 2024 after penning a two-year extension back in July.A handful of United figures have endorsed Simeone as a solid option to become the club's next manager as of late, including the likes of Gary Neville and former Red Devils skipper Roy Keane. "He's having a difficult spell with Atletico, his race has maybe run with them," said the latter when quizzed on whether United should consider appointing Simeone last month. "Simeone, go and get him, he's a big character. He's done great things. He's a great character, a big personality. He doesn't mess around with players, maybe someone like him coming into the club could work."It can soon change. I don't think it's all doom and gloom, there's still good things going on at United, but they've got to get the manager. If the manager is not right, then the rest will just fall apart." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here