Wrexham A.F.C. co-owner Ryan Reynolds has hilariously apologised to his family after the club's sensational comeback victory against Dover Athletic on Saturday. The Welsh club moved up to second in the National League after scoring a 98th-minute winner to defeat Dover 6-5 at The Racecourse Ground. Wrexham hosted rock-bottom Dover, with just one league win all season, on what was expected to be a routine day in their push for promotion to League Two. And that feeling strengthened after Paul Mullin and James Jones fired the home side into a 2-0 lead after 20 minutes. However, it plummeted downhill, with Dover's George Wilkinson and Alfie Pavey firing back to level the score before half-time. It got even worse after the break as a Michael Gyasi hat-trick saw Wrexham succumb to a 5-2 deficit after 63 minutes on what seemed like a disastrous day at the office. Two goals in as many minutes from Ollie Palmer gave the home faithful hope, making it 5-4 with 20 left to play. And The Racecourse Ground erupted in stoppage time after Jordan Davies' 91st-minute equaliser and Daniel Jarvis' 98th-minute winning goal. JUST IN: Neville blasted for 'childish cheap shots' at Man Utd stars after rant Taking to Twitter shortly after full-time, Reynolds explained the emotions in his household and issued an apology to his family, suggesting the scenes were something to behold as Wrexham's late winner hit the net. He said: "I just lost nine years off my life. And I'm okay with that. Apologies to my family. Also, bury me in Wales." On November 16, 2020, Reynolds and Hollywood friend Rob McElhenney announced they had successfully bought Wrexham with the backing of the Wrexham Supporters Trust. The Financial Conduct Authority approved their takeover four months later, and work to launch the club into the Football League immediately commenced. READ MORE: Premier League 'block' Victor Moses transfer deal after Ukraine war  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/footballStay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time.We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.