CBS has officially confirmed all three of its NCIS series will be getting another season. New episodes of NCIS: Los Angeles and NCIS: Hawaii, as well as the long-running mainline series, are all in the works, and LA mainstays Daniela Ruah and Caleb Castille have taken to Instagram to celebrate the news. Daniela updated her Instagram Story with a short clip of herself and Caleb confirming the series will continue for at least another season. The Kensi Blye star informed her 1.1 million followers of the update shortly after CBS’s official announcement. She said excitedly: “Now that the cat’s out of the bag I would like to say, here we go.” She then whipped her phone around to reveal Caleb and a member of the crew celebrating the news with her. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? “Here’s two of our boys from the show,” she added. Daniela then confirmed: “We’re very excited to tell you we’ve got a season 14!” Caleb leaned in as the crew around them cheered and exclaimed: “14 baby, let’s go!” Season 13 of the popular NCIS spin-off is still underway, though is set to wrap up in the summer. Thankfully, CBS has assured viewers they won’t be waiting too long until more new episodes are hitting screens. Once the current outings have wrapped up, fans should expect new episodes to start up in September or October of this year. After steadily building up a strong audience for the network, NCIS: Hawaii season two is also a go for CBS. Plus, the mainline NCIS series will reach its milestone 20th season this year, despite the departure of the show’s lead agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon). DON'T MISS:Ten Percent trailer: Fans go wild for The Crown and Bridgerton cameos [REACTION]The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus pays emotional farewell to series [COMMENT]Gordon Ramsay on how Future Food Stars ‘disappointed’ him [INSIGHT] In a new statement, CBS Entertainment president Kelly Kahl said: “NCIS, one of the most popular and enduring series in the world, and fan favourite NCIS: Los Angeles has been hugely successful on the CBS schedule for years. “With the strong new addition of NCIS: Hawaii, we are able to expand the strength of this formidable franchise across our schedule. “We couldn’t be more excited to have all three talented casts and creative teams back to bring more compelling NCIS stories to viewers in the US and around the globe.” NCIS LA will reach a milestone of its own this year, as season 13 will include the spin-off’s 300th episode in May. Meanwhile, NCIS Hawaii introduced fans to a brand new team helmed by the franchise’s first female lead, Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) last year. While reactions to the new spin-off have been divisive, the series has gone from strength to strength and will no doubt be given more chances to shine with its second season. There’s no sign of the CBS mega-hit slowing down any time soon, as yet another spin-off, NCIS: Sydney was also announced earlier this year. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.