The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from their duties as senior royals two years ago. Following their decision to quit, Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, moved to California where they now reside with their two children – two-year-old Archie and Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana who celebrates her first birthday in June. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex received the Queen's permission to leave the Firm in order to live as private citizens. The move has seen the couple pursue numerous business ventures including signing deals with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify and launching their own charitable foundation. Members of the public would assume that after moving across the pond and stepping back from duties, Meghan and Harry would be ruled out of playing any significant role in the crowning of the next monarch. However, as the son and daughter in law of the new king, the Duke and Duchess will “certainly” be in attendance, Pauline Maclaren, co-author of who wrote Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture claims. She claims that a return trip to the UK for the Charles' coronation would see the couple “re-invigorate” the Sussex brand’s royal link, something which she says has become “rather jaded currently”. Ms Maclaran, who is a Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research in the School of Management at Royal Holloway, told Express.co.uk: "I’m sure that Harry will certainly attend his father’s coronation – although it is still some way off, of course! “It remains to be seen how the couple’s relationship with Charles will evolve over the intervening years but their attendance would definitely re-invigorate their brand’s royal aspects which are becoming rather jaded currently." READ MORE: Harry warned memoir bombshell could backfire if Duke attacks Camilla Prince Charles and his wife Camilla will reportedly be crowned alongside one another when he ascends to the throne. Moreover, royal insiders have said that the Prince of Wales plans to have a smaller ceremony than previous coronations. Despite moving across the pond and away from royal life, the Queen has said that the Sussexes will always be "much loved" members of the Royal Family. In March last year, Harry and Meghan took part in a sit-down interview with Oprah Winfrey, which saw the couple make a series of bombshell claims about the Royal Family. DON'T MISS Prince Harry faces 'ultimate test' over UK return with Meghan [INSIGHT] Prince George in line for new royal title once Prince William is King [REVEAL] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's 'Panorama moment' exposed [REPORT] They claimed that a rift had arisen between Harry and Prince Charles, with the Duke claiming that at one point his father had "stopped taking my calls". During the interview, Harry also said that his father Prince Charles had cut him off financially. The Duke of Sussex also opened up about his fraught relationship with his older brother whom he had once been extremely close to. During the Oprah interview, Harry said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. “They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” Following allegations made by the pair, a statement issued by Buckingham Palace said that “recollections may vary”, but the issues raised were taken “very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately”. When stepping down from royal duties, Harry and Meghan relinquished their right to use their HRH titles. However, the couple still uses their Duke and Duchess of Sussex peerage that was gifted to them following their 2018 wedding. The couple has previously come under fire from the public for continuing to use their titles despite their obvious attempts to distance themselves from the monarchy. Kehinde Andrews, a professor of Black studies at Birmingham City University in England, said the couple will always be identified as royals even if they are no longer working on behalf of the institution.