Former BBC Breakfast host Louise Minchin spoke to British surfer Andrew Cotton on her new podcast series Push Your Peak. During their chat, Louise admitted that she would be concerned as a parent if her children chose to push themselves to the same limits Andrew describes during his interview.   Louise, 53, began hosting a podcast series last month called Push Your Peak on behalf of indoor cycling and performance brand, Wattbike. The journalist, who is also a huge sports enthusiast, sits down weekly with athletes that have pushed themselves beyond their limits. Big wave surfer and Red Bull athlete, Andrew Cotton, helped put Britain on the surfing map. However, the daredevil suffered a life-threatening wipeout and broke his back whilst surfing on a 55ft wave in Nazaré, Portugal, back in 2017. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby     Since then, Andrew, who started surfing at the age of seven on the North Devon coast, has been on a mission to rebuild his strength to try and surf the biggest waves in the world. With reference to his terrible accident, Louise wanted to know Andrew’s parents’ views on his surfing. “I’m a parent…” Louise trailed off before exhaling, “Aagh!” “I don’t know, how would you describe it?”      Andrew understood Louise’s sentiment, replying: “As a parent myself, you worry about your kids. “But sometimes I just don’t think my parents know what’s really going on or don’t really understand what I’m doing. “But we’ll see, I don’t know!” the surfer added with a laugh. “I feel the fear!” Louise interjected quickly, clearly sympathising with Andrew’s parents. READ MORE... Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit [NEWS] Ralf Little opens up on 'difficult decision' over disappointing news [UPDATE] Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion [NEWS]      Louise kicked off her new podcast on February 23 and will continue to interview superhuman athletes each Wednesday so that they might share their inspirational tales with her listeners. The star was previously host of BBC Breakfast for 20 years, before saying goodbye to her team and co-presenter Dan Walker in September of last year. Despite her journalistic background, however, Louise is also a keen triathlete and cyclist. The presenter only recently took on the Rat Race Transandean trial event, which is a 1200km bike ride across Argentina.      After announcing that she would be moving on from the BBC last June, Louise also went on to appear on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! at the end of last year. In November, Louise accompanied the likes of David Ginola, Richard Madeley and Simon Gregson to Gwrych Castle in Wales, where they took part in a series of trials and challenges. It was Emmerdale star Danny Miller who walked away victorious, however, with Louise becoming the sixth celebrity to leave the camp on December 9. Wattbike’s Push Your Peak podcast presented by Louise Minchin airs every Wednesday.     