Today, there will be viewings of masterpieces from Buckingham Palace at The Queen’s Gallery in the Palace of Holyrood, including works by Rembrandt, Rubens, Claude, Gentileschi and Van Dyck. The Queen owns a vast collection of art, many of which are put on display by the Royal Collection Trust in various royal residences across the country. The Royal Art Collection, which belongs to the reigning monarch, is the largest privately owned art collection in the world. However, much of the collection was sold by Oliver Cromwell after the King’s execution in 1649. Some of the works that were sold can be found in Madrid’s Prado Museum. Many pieces were later recovered by Charles II and form the basis of the monarchy’s art collection today. The pieces have been amassed by royals over the last 350 years, including by Frederick, Prince of Wales, King George III, King George IV, Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. Among the collection’s most important pieces are the paintings and drawings by the European Old Masters. There are at least six stunning Rembrandts, more than 50 Canalettos and hundreds of drawings by Leonardo Da Vinci. There are also several paintings by Peter Paul Rubens and at least 20 drawings by Michelangelo. Because the collection is so large, there are pieces hidden away that even the Royal Family are unaware of. In 2006, a painting by Caravaggio called ‘The Calling of the Saints Peter and Andrew’ was unearthed in a storeroom at Hampton Court after 400 years. The stunning picture by the Italian master had been cast adrift as a copy after it was covered by varnish and dirt. DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan's subtle gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' in relationship [LATEST]Prince Charles was given marriage 'ultimatum' by father Prince Philip [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex’s ‘disaster’ after marrying into Royal Family [ANALYSIS] The Queen owns the Royal Art Collection as Sovereign, keeping it for the nation and for future generations. The monarch does not hold the pieces as a private person and cannot sell them even if she wanted to. However, Her Majesty can add to the collection, as she did in 2012, the year of her Diamond Jubilee. That year, the Royal Collection Trust bought four portraits by Andy Warhol, who once said: “I want to be as famous as the Queen of England.” The colour screen prints were based on pictures of the Queen taken for her Silver Jubilee in 1977. Her Majesty, 95, celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, marking 70 years of her historic reign. Britain’s longest-serving monarch came to the throne in 1952 upon the death of her father King George VI. Seven decades on, the Queen has continued her lifetime of service and is set to be honoured in June with an extended weekend of Jubilee celebrations.