In the last 24 hours, it's believed at least 21 have been killed and 112 have been wounded in the eastern Ukrainian city, according to regional governor Oleg Synegubov. Ukrainian authorities said the paratroopers landed at around 3am local time and began heavy fighting with Ukrainian forces. Ukraine's army said on messaging app Telegram: "Russian airborne troops landed in Kharkiv... and attacked a local hospital. "There is an ongoing fight between the invaders and the Ukrainians." Experts said the missile strikes hit residential areas of Kharkiv as well as the regional administration building on Freedom Square.  Although the building was not destroyed, the city's region head Oleg Synegubov said six people had been injured, including one child from the attack. The attack on Freedom Square - Ukraine's largest plaza and usually a hub of social activity - was seen by many as a brazen attempt to break Ukraine's spirit. Authorities later confirmed that a police building and university were hit at around 8:10am Wednesday morning. President Volodymyr Zelensky condemned Russia's attacks on crowded urban areas as a blatant campaign of terror. READ MORE: ‘Give us a chance!’ Ukrainian tennis star pleads with the west for hel In an impassioned speech, Mr Zelensky said: “This is terror against the city, this is terror against Kharkiv, terror against Ukraine. There was no military target on the square. “The rocket to the central square is outright, undisguised terror. No one will forgive. Nobody will forget. This strike on Kharkiv is a war crime.” Russian troops have also taken control of the railway station and port in Kherson on the Black Sea, city mayor Igor Kolykhayev told local media Agence France-Press. Hundreds of Ukrainians have been reported killed since Russia began its invasion last week, while Russian troops continue to carry out a massive bombing campaign in and around urban centres. DON'T MISS: Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [VIDEO]Why NATO won’t attack Russian convoy explained ‘An act of aggression’ [INSIGHT]Russia loses 6,000 troops in six days of war - 30 planes downed [ANALYSIS] Kharkiv has a population of around 1.4 million and is located northeast of Ukraine near the Russian border. According to Anton Gerashchenko, a Ukrainian government adviser, there are practically "no areas left in Kharkiv where an artillery shell has not yet hit". Russian rockets have also struck residential buildings, a Holocaust memorial site and a TV towner in Kyiv on Tuesday after the Russian military warned of "high-precision" strikes. Referring to the strike on Babyn Yar - the city's Holocaust memorial site - Zelensky said: "This strike proves that for many people in Russia our Kyiv is absolutely foreign. "They don’t know a thing about Kyiv, about our history. But they all have orders to erase our history, erase our country, erase us all." 