Chelsea defender Antonio Rudiger has asked for his salary to be doubled by Juventus in order to join the Serie A giants on a free transfer at the end of the season, according to reports. The 29-year-old's current deal at Stamford Bridge is set to expire in the summer and the Blues will not be able to extend his stay at the club after Roman Abramovich was hit with a number of government sanctions on Thursday. Chelsea will not be allowed to buy and sell players, tie players down to new contracts or sell merchandise and match tickets as a result of the new restrictions.The situation is likely to see Rudiger, who had already failed to reach an agreement over an extension in talks with the club's hierarchy, walk away at the end of the season.The German defender has been linked with a number of high-profile suitors in recent months, with the likes of Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain said to be among the interested parties.Juventus have also been mentioned in connection with Rudiger as of late and it seems as though a move to the Allianz Stadium could soon emerge as a real possibility over the coming weeks.Club chiefs have been in contact with the player's representatives in order to establish the likelihood of a summer move for his services, according to Calciomercato. JUST IN: Chelsea 'face financial ruin' as accounts frozen in Abramovich twist However, there is said to be a major caveat with the potential to throw a spanner in the works if Juventus eventually decide to submit a formal offer.Rudiger has reportedly asked for his existing salary of around £4.1million per year to be doubled, a demand which has also been heard by Real Madrid, Manchester United and Newcastle.It remains to be seen whether Juventus will be able to muscle ahead of the competition in order to land Rudiger, who was dropped to Chelsea's bench for their comfortable win over Norwich City on Thursday evening.Former United marksman Dimitar Berbatov recently urged the Red Devils to jump the queue and snap up the Chelsea man in order to strengthen their back line ahead of a renewed Premier League title challenge next season. "At centre-back, obviously, I have a bit of difficulty here," Berbatov told Express Sport."They do need to send a centre-back, United. They have five players for that position, and still things are not going quite well."[I will say] Rudiger because I'm concentrated on him. But he, based on his performances, is a good fit, honestly."He's aggressive. He's good on the ball, so he can be a good choice. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "In the case of Rudiger or any player who is good enough to play in big football [games], I can see, in the case of Rudiger, him going where he can win something."I cannot imagine him going places where he cannot win anything. And I'm saying this because United haven't won the Premier League for what? Eight, nine years already?"So if he goes someplace else, he's going to be looking for a team that is going to win titles, cups, medals; in the case of United, that's hard to do now." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here