It has been some start to 2022 for Scottie Scheffler. The 25-year-old secured his first ever PGA Tour victory at the Waste Management Phoenix Open in February, before adding another two in March including Sunday’s WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play in Austin. With this success, Scheffler has skyrocketed through the rankings and became golf’s number one player on Monday following his weekend triumph at the match play event. To top it all off though, the American’s move to the top also means he has shattered one of Tiger Woods’ long-standing records.  Scheffler now holds the record for the fastest player to become world No 1 following their first victory on the PGA Tour. Unsurprisingly Woods was the man who previously held it, as he was on top of the world 252 days after his maiden win at the 1996 Las Vegas Invitational. Scheffler however has crushed the golfing great’s day count, having secured his world No.1 spot just 42 days after triumphing at one of the Tour’s most recognised events in Phoenix last month. The three-time PGA Tour winner clinched his victory following an impressive 4&3 victory over Kevin Kisner in the event finale, after he had already seen off the likes of 2021 champion Billy Horschel and two-time major winner Dustin Johnson. Speaking afterwards Scheffler revealed it was a ‘dream come true’ to win in his home state. READ MORE: Richard Bland fires warning to Dustin Johnson with 49-year-old on verge of maiden Masters He said: “It's a dream come true to play in front of my hometown fans here, going to school here. I have some good memories on this golf course, coming out to watch this tournament. I'm pleased to be playing in it, and even more happy to win it." Discussing his achievement of becoming world No 1, Scheffler went on to reveal that topping the world rankings had ‘never really crossed his mind’. He commented: “I grew up wearing long pants to go practice because I wanted to be a professional golfer.” DON'T MISSTiger Woods' comments on returning to action with star named on Masters provisional listSaudi Golf League door still open for Phil Mickelson after PGA Tour legacy left in tattersRory McIlroy felt 'punch drunk' after snapping golf club in fit of rage at 'crazy' course “That’s what I dreamed of. I dreamed of being out here. I’ve always been, I would say, fiercely competitive, and so for me getting out here was a goal per se, and being out here, I like competing and I enjoy the challenge of playing out here every week. “Just competing out here is really fun for me and just being able to win tournaments is pretty awesome. The rankings never really crossed my mind. It was always just about being out here and competing.” 