Acetaminophen, better known as “paracetamol”, is one of the most purchased painkillers around the world. The drug usually begins to ease pain and lower high temperature roughly 30 minutes after ingesting it. It can take up to an hour to work. And its effects last for four to six hours approximately. The drug has been in general use for more than 50 years. However, the way it works in reducing pain and fever is still not fully understood. What's more, side effects can accompany the use of the popular painkiller. “In rare cases, it's possible to have a serious allergic reaction (anaphylaxis) to paracetamol," warns the NHS. According to a study by The Royal Australian College of General Practitioners, side effects could be caused by an existing allergy to paracetamol, or by the pharmacological effects of cyclooxygenase-1 inhibition. READ MORE: Dementia breakthrough: The toilet sign that may precede brain decline by 'seven years' When the body reacts negatively to the painkiller, serious anaphylaxis can happen. Such a severe allergy tends to develop suddenly and get worse very quickly. Symptoms of a reaction include feeling lightheaded or fainting. Breathing difficulties, including a shallow or fast breathing pattern, could also be a clear sign of anaphylaxis. Wheezing, a feeling of confusion and anxiety, too, indicates the start of a serious allergic reaction. Heartbeat could increase as a consequence. What's more, a person experiencing an allergic reaction to paracetamol could collapse and lose consciousness. Other allergy symptoms could include a skin rash, swelling in the mouth, face, lips, tongue, or throat, and abdominal pain. Immunologists at Sir Charles Gairdner Hospital in Nedlands commented: “Paracetamol allergy is uncommon and, as a result, may be overlooked as a cause for immediate hypersensitivity. “Unfortunately, given the rarity of paracetamol allergy, there are often significant delays in diagnosis.” They argued that the best way to diagnose a patient with paracetamol allergy is to do a supervised drug oral challenge. It is important that patients are supervised because allergic reactions can happen at different times after ingestion.  “Reactions to paracetamol can be immediate type I hypersensitivity,” the experts explained. This includes reactions like angioedema, urticaria, and anaphylaxis. There could also be delayed allergic reactions linked to paracetamol, which include the Stevens-Johnson syndrome, fixed-drug eruptions, and toxic epidermal necrolysis. Delayed allergic reactions all manifest as rash-like symptoms on the skin.