Henrick (played by Guy Henry) has always been fiercely committed to his job at the Holby City hospital, despite several personal matters trying to derail him from his responsibilities. Over the past few months on the BBC medical drama, viewers have watched as a relationship has started to blossom between the beloved character and his colleague, Russ Faber (Simon Slater). However, as it seems his chances of romance could be dashed in the latest instalment of the television drama, Hanssen could make one of the most spontaneous decisions of his life and decide he is going to leave with the man of his dreams. The drama begins in Tuesday night's episode as Hanssen is set to learn about the fate of the hospital and whether the wards are going to be closed down. Having been in special measures for quite some time, the boss of the hospital is hoping his colleagues' jobs will be saved. When the news comes in, everyone is in shock when they discover the wards are going to remain open and they're out of the woods for now. As one pressure is taken off his mind, Hanssen has little time to celebrate as his attentions are diverted back to Russ. Whilst the beloved character has been informing his staff about their future, Russ will be learning about his daughter Billie Faber's (Delainey Hayles) plans for her and her baby. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? After meeting with the father of his grandchild, Larry, Russ is left uneasy this could the person his daughter is going to spend her life with. However, Billie informs him she is going to move to Leeds with her child on her own, wanting to start a new chapter of her life. It is up to Larry to inform him of why she has made this decision as he tells Russ his daughter thinks he is suffering from depression. Billie feels she will be a burden to her father if she were to stay, especially with a baby, and so moving away would be the best option. Russ is left heartbroken and after confiding in Hanssen, the latter has a discussion with Billie, hoping to change her mind. As the pair get to talking, Billie reveals the real reason she is leaving and it is nothing to do with what Larry told her father. She is leaving because she has noticed a spark between the two men and she doesn't want to stop them both from finding some happiness. Billie can see the future they will have together and she thinks they should give it a proper go without interference. In the synopsis for Tuesday night's episode, it is explained Hanssen will make a devastating decision about his relationship. Wanting Russ and Billie to be happy and support each other, it could be the hospital boss will tell his love interest to leave Holby. DON'T MISS...Holby City legend Amanda Mealing details whether Connie will return [COMMENT]Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [COMMENT]Holby City legend Amanda Mealing speaks out about show's axe [COMMENT] This would mean Russ could put all his focus into his family, rather than wondering if a romance could work between him and Hanssen. But as Hanssen realises the mistake he has made and how desperately he wants Russ in his life, he could decide at the very last second to go with them. With the hospital now out of special measures and feeling there is no threat to its future, Hassen could decide to retire. Little would he know his exit could be detrimental to the hospital's future as the show is coming to an end in the next couple of weeks. As there are just three episodes left, including Tuesday's, an exit for Hanssen could bring an end to his story and lead to the final one for the wards. It seems fans of the show are quite invested in the romance between Hanssen and Russ and have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts. Hannah wrote: "Hanssen finally confronting his feelings for Russ had me emotional, I’m glad he had Serena [Campbell] to speak about it to #HolbyCity." "One of the things I enjoy about this Hanssen and Russ story is the slow burn and it not being done like every other story at 200mph #HolbyCity," Darren added. Jay shared: "Still living for Hanssen and Russ being so damn adorable together #HolbyCity." Liz posted: "I don't think I'll ever recover if when #HolbyCity ends Hanssen is still sad. Give the man some happiness, please!" My Ballum Heart remarked: "Aww it's nice to see Hansen have some happiness at last." Viewers won't have long to discover how the programme will end as the final episode is set to be broadcast on Tuesday, March 29, 2022. When it was announced last year the show would be ending, bosses promised it would be worth waiting for as a fond farewell to the British institution. "This tough decision reflects the BBC's commitment to make more programmes across the UK and to better reflect, represent and serve all parts of the country. "We promise that Holby will get the send-off it deserves. Thank you for your continued support and love for the series." Holby City continues tonight at 7:50pm on BBC One.