From today, the Workplace Parking Levy is coming into force in Scotland and will allow councils to decide whether to impose an annual tax on car parking spaces that are provided by employers. The Scottish Government and environmental groups believe the initiative will help reduce congestion and air pollution by encouraging motorists to walk, cycle or take public transport. If a council does impose the levy, employers who provide their staff with on-site parking will need to apply for a licence. The cost of this licence will be based on the number of spaces in the car park. From this point, employers could then choose to pay the WPL themselves or pass on some, or all, of the charge to those employees who use the car park. Some workplaces - including all NHS properties, GP surgeries, hospices and disabled parking spaces - will be exempt. READ MORE: RAC calls for car tax rates to be cut Nottingham is currently the only city in the UK with a WPL in practice, with a rate of £415 per parking space, per year. It had been estimated that commuters driving to and from work accounted for about 70 percent of peak time traffic in Nottingham. Since its launch, the scheme has generated around £64million since 2012, with the revenue being spent on sustainable transport projects. However, in some cases, the fee can be much more expensive, as seen with proposals in Leicester. DON'T MISSMajor diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [SHOCKING]Vauxhall to be all electric by 2028 as hydrogen fuel plans take off [INSIGHT]Major driving laws to launch in weeks as UK motorists risk fines [WARNING] Leicester City Council is proposing that most employers with more than 10 parking spaces would pay £550 per space per year for a licence to provide car parking for their employees. However, many drivers are furious with the charges, including Meghan Gallacher MSP, Holyrood representative for Central Scotland. She said the Scottish Conservatives were firmly opposed to the workplace parking tax and repeated leader Douglas Ross’ assurance that no Scottish Conservative-led council in Lanarkshire would introduce it. She added: “Any introduction of a workplace parking tax would be a hammer blow to hard working people and businesses in Lanarkshire. “This atrocious tax is not only hated but it is also unbelievably ill-timed. "The SNP-Green coalition don’t seem to care that families in Lanarkshire are already facing a cost-of-living crisis and businesses are still only just recovering from the pandemic. “Councils such as North and South Lanarkshire have free rein to charge motorists what they like to park at work due to the SNP’s dismal failure to impose a limit on charges. “I am proud to say no Scottish Conservative-led council in Lanarkshire would ever impose this tax on employees,” she told Lanarkshire Live. Following a debate in Parliament, the Scottish National Party pushed ahead with plans to allow authorities to hit businesses with a levy for each parking space they offer. No limit has been set on how much councils can charge. Glasgow and Edinburgh are already examining whether to introduce the levy - with Glasgow estimating that it could raise up to £30million a year if it is introduced across the whole city, or up to £6million if it is confined to the city centre. Leicester City Council are currently running a public consultation on proposals for a WPL which is set to end on March 13.