Shirley Ballas, 61, has been the head judge on BBC's Strictly Come Dancing since the departure of Len Goodman in 2017. The ballroom dancer has taken to Instagram to share that she has had a "tough week" in the midst of her recent health issues. Shirley took to her Instagram story to share a video of herself at the Mamma Mia party, held at London's O2 Arena. She captioned the video in view of her 237,000 followers: "OMG what a tough week personally. (sic) "I needed this show to lift my spirits and it did. A must see show @mammamiatheparty." She also took to sharing an Instagram post of herself along with her friends and the crew. READ MORE: Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning She penned: "What an amazing evening for Karen's birthday @karenmarcus1960 @mammamiapartyuk at the O2. "What an evening. The past two weeks have been somewhat stressful and difficult on so many levels. "This evening was a real pick me up. First class food and brilliant entertainment. "If you're looking for the perfect night out this is it." She then finished the post with several hashtags as well as telling her followers to attend the show. Many social media users took to the posts comments to wish the head judge well and also comment on Mamma Mia. Alicia_davies86 said: "Looks amazing, glad you're feeling better. "I too had the toughest of weeks and your posts have cheered me up." DON'T MISS... Bobbie Nelson dead: Willie Nelson's sister and bandmate dies aged 91 [DEATH] Holly Willoughby flashes leg in dress with thigh-high split at party [PICTURES] Jane McDonald details 'dodgy marriage' with ex-husband Henrik [INSIGHT] Peter.goodard.73 added: "We went this year and it was absolutely fantastic." This comes as Shirley shared earlier this year how she had to go to the doctors about her shoulder, following her cancer scares last year. She posted on Instagram on February 1 to thank her friend Karen Hilton for driving her to the hospital on her day off from the Strictly tour. She wrote: "A huge thank you to @Karenmarcus1960 for always being there for me. "Day off from the Strictly tour, drive back to London, trip to the hospital are my shoulders." (sic) Last year, Shirley shared the news that she had endured a cancer scare after discovering a lump on her shoulder, which she called "worrying" as she was suffering from COVID-19 at the same time. She also revealed there was a "shadow" in a scan she'd had done on her kidney. Months later, Shirley had another cancer scare when fans spotted a lump on her underarm in an online video - but Shirley confirmed that after several tests, it was confirmed none were cancerous.