Jason Manford sat alongside fellow celebrities Sheridan Smith, Adam Lambert and Beverly Knight to complete the lineup of judges for ITV’s newest weekend talent show Starstruck. However, fans' eyes were on Jason for his fashion choices, with many saying that his suit was ready for a "green screen" and that it was a distraction.  Hosted by Olly Murs, several members of the public shed their identities as they took on famous singer personas on the ITV show. For episode six of season one, four teams battled to see who would make it to the final, with viewers seeing versions of Miley Cyrus, Justin Timberlake, Amy Winehouse and Lionel Richie. The 40-year-old comedian was a key topic of conversation online, with his diamante studded jacket catching viewers' attention. Fan @goonergraham71 tweeted: "Jason Manford wearing a green screen jacket on the lot syncing competition… Read More: Question of Sport viewers in uproar over choice of guests 'Not even athletes!'   "Looks ridiculous is ridiculous and maybe it’ll distract us all enough to not notice they are all miming….#starstruck" (sic). Graham wasn't alone, and Paul Smith commented: "Is @JasonManford creating a CGI version of himself with the markers on his suit?! #Starstruck." Chris Stocker used a screenshot of the questionable outfit, joking:  "When you’ve got a tv show at 8:30 and a cgi scene to shoot at nine #StarStruck @JasonManford." (sic) Enjoying his arts and craft style outfit, Hobbycraft in Solihull joked: "@JasonManford looking very smart on #starstruck however next time you need help with your suit give us shout i'm sure we can help make that look even more sparkly. #hobbycraft #solihull." (sic)   The questions kept coming, Alfie Scrubbs asked: "What was Jason Manford thinking when he bought that suit?! "If he's kept the receipt, he could return it (tell them it didn't fit right or something). #starstruck." @W59Sharon chimed in: "Jason Manford looks like he's been standing under a railway bridge full of pigeons #Starstruck."Fan @EbonyWan enjoyed his look and his moves, she said:  "Jason Manford is a bit hot isn't he. Something very attractive about him dancing and singing along! #Starstruck" DON’T MISS…Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]'Danger will be exposed': Anthony Bridgerton shows 'emotional vulnerability' in season 2 [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected my life in many ways’ [LATEST] Sheridan Smith was also moved to tears during the recent episode. After the Amy Winehouse tribute section, host Olly asked: "Sheridan, I know you knew Amy really well. "What did you make of our Amy's tonight?" The actress replied: "Girls, you're amazing and I did know Amy." She ended with: "I think you've all really got that tonight, I think Patsy you've got the sass, Emily you're such a sweet girl, and actually so was Amy behind all the madness." It was Team Lionel Richie that danced through to the next stage. 