The World Health Organisation Foundation’s Emanuele Capobianco says: “The risk of people dying from diseases like hypertension and diabetes is greatly increased by the conflict; the lack of access to medical supplies and care can quickly turn them into life-threatening diseases... it is highly likely that we will see people die from these diseases. “The population of Ukraine also have other health needs that the conflict exacerbates: non-communicable and infectious diseases do not disappear in a war; women still need to give birth and mental health issues are only heightened by the hardships of a conflict.” Capobianco says these conditions are “particularly prevalent in older people, and we know from our work in other conflict-ridden areas that older people are less able to flee hostilities, as a result of their reduced mobility and access to finances, which means that it is highly likely that we will see people die from these diseases". It’s not just people living with high blood pressure and diabetes who are affected; people will face an increased likelihood of developing other more serious conditions. READ MORE: Blood clots: Symptoms can arise in the belly area “Over the next three months, we are likely to see increased risk of people in Ukraine dying from heart attacks and strokes, as a direct result of their struggle to access medical supplies and care,” says Capobianco. Without urgent medical attention in these emergency situations there will be a lot of people dying because they can’t get to a hospital fast enough. That is if the hospital is still there. Express.co.uk asked Professor Richard Sullivan from King’s College London about the impact of the war on Ukraine’s health infrastructure. Professor Sullivan said that one of the issues faced is that sometimes, even if a hospital is fully functioning, patients struggle to access them due to the shelling with some even being killed en route: “A lot of people have been killed because they’re trying to access a hospital and they just come across a Russian checkpoint or they just run into a mortar line.”  Professor Sullivan continued to explain the longer-term problems Ukraine faces both as the conflict continues and after it concludes: “The other big issue long term is a loss of healthcare workers. The longer it goes on the less likely the people are to return. “They didn’t have enough doctors or nurses before, and the healthcare system will be on its knees after the war. You’re going to need an entirely new Marshal Plan for Ukraine.” Furthermore, not only will the healthcare system need rebuilding in the long term, but millions of Ukrainians will need treatment in the short term, some for conditions they don’t know they have. Professor Sullivan describes two types of patients: “Those coming across the border who have already been diagnosed and who are part way through their treatment and those who will develop symptoms while they are refugees. "The issue will be those who end up in these informal camp settings…When people develop symptoms of cancer it’s not high on their lists of diagnostics and triage.” In these settings Professor Sullivan says mental health and other traumas take priority over cancer care; as a result, a greater effort needs to be put into spotting cancers in Ukrainian refugees so they can get the treatment they need. Amidst the conflict and the potential cancer crisis, one virus remains constant, Covid-19. Express.co.uk asked both the WHOF and Professor Sullivan about the impact it could have. The WHOF’s Capobianco talked of the impact on the civilian population. “COVID-19 is a concern," he said. "Covid will not stop because of conflict. The crowded and poorly ventilated conditions experienced by the population in underground shelters in Ukraine, during transit, and in refugee shelters, combined with a low vaccination rate (34 percent among those aged 60 years and older), may lead to a substantial surge in COVID-19 cases in the coming weeks. “Hospitals are overwhelmed and with limited medical supplies. Worryingly, oxygen supplies are reaching critical levels, and some hospitals are even coming close to running out altogether." Professor Sullivan agreed there was going to be resurgence of Covid “because the vaccination rate in that part of the world was relatively low". He explained: "I just don’t think we’re going to spot it because patients will not find their way to healthcare professionals. They’ll either get through it or they’ll die from it. “War is not good for infectious diseases. In terms of global Covid-19 I think the problem is everyone’s attention is now on Ukraine rather than finishing off and deal with Covid-19. This is going to be the least of your problems when you’re being bombarded." As the crisis continues the World Health Organisation Foundation is continuing to raise money so those affected by the conflict can receive the support they need. The donations “will enable vital funding to support frontline healthcare and life-saving medical supplies for people in Ukraine and refugees who have fled the conflict". Capobianco added: “The World Health Organisation infrastructure is already in place, and it has the healthcare expertise and ability to co-ordinate humanitarian agencies to save lives in Ukraine." A link to their donation page can be found here.