The 17-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, had lured his 16-year-old victim to a park in Sittingbourne, Kent, just after midnight. He left her bleeding, lying in the foetal position, after throwing her phone into bushes to stop her alerting anyone. But the teenager survived and was found at 7.10am by a dog walker, then flown by air ambulance to King's College Hospital in London, where she was treated for wounds to the liver, pancreas, lungs, kidney and a severed artery. She had multiple blood transfusions and was placed in an induced coma. She was initially thought to have 60 stab wounds but a total of 99 were recorded by a pathologist who reviewed the case. After the attack in the early hours of July 22 last year, the boy began searching online about murders in Sittingbourne and whether Britain still had the death penalty. In the run up to the attack he had been researching US serial killer Ted Bundy. Numerous people who knew the offender, and the victim, identified him as a possible suspect and officers detained him later that day. When detectives interviewed him, he denied knowledge of the attack and claimed to have been with his girlfriend watching the documentary Conversations With A Killer: The Ted Bundy Tapes, which he said "would not look good". The boy, who was 16 at the time of the attack, knew the victim and had been messaging her on Snapchat, abusing her disability, six months earlier.  In the days before, he searched online "how to kill with a knife" and "the highest sentence for murder in UK". He had also told a female friend he was "at the point of going through with it". The victim's blood was found on his tracksuit bottoms and leather jacket. His parents had contacted social services during lockdown after he spoke of wanting to kill himself with a knife. He has since been diagnosed with autism and a comorbid depressive disorder. He pleaded guilty to attempted murder. On Friday at Maidstone Crown Court, Judge Philip Statman praised the girl's courage as he imposed a discretionary life sentence, saying: "She fought for her life and she won." 