Lauren Patten is best known for her recurring role as Officer Rachel Witten in the most recent five seasons of the popular CBS drama, Blue Bloods. As the Tom Selleck-led police series reaches its milestone 250th episode, the actress has received support from her co-stars after she confirmed her role in a new Hulu series in her latest Instagram post. Blue Bloods regular Lauren has joined the cast of Hulu’s 10-episode series, Career Opportunities In Murder & Mayhem. The pilot was initially ordered back in September 2021, with Homeland’s Mandy Patinkin and God Friended Me star Violett Beane heading up the main cast. Lauren will round out the supporting cast along with Rahul Kohli, Angela Zhou, Hugo Diego Garcia and Pardis Saremi. In her latest Instagram post, Lauren posted a behind-the-scenes snap of herself chilling on the boat which will act as Career Opportunities’ main location. READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? She thanked producers Mike Weiss and Heidi Cole McAdams as she teased more about what the series has in store. Her caption teased: “Hung out on a boat for a few weeks last fall…swipe through to see why. “Setting sail on this new adventure with @hulu! Heidi and Mike created this completely original story over the pandemic, and they wrote the most fabulous, complicated, badass woman for me to play. “The clothes! The hats! The four-inch heels! Last shot is from my first day on set for the pilot - now we get to do it for real.” Lauren received a number of excited comments from her followers and co-stars as she gets ready to head back and shoot the rest of the series. Her Blue Bloods co-star Vanessa Ray replied: “YAYYYYYY!!! Hats!!! And suits! And sequins!!!!” And guest star Jayne Atkinson said: “Congrats mama! See you soon!” While her co-star in the new series, Angela, wrote: “Woot wooot.” DON'T MISS:Drive to Survive: Claims Netflix ‘put in scenes that didn't happen' [COMMENT]Y1883’s Noemi star on ‘brutal scene’ she can’t watch [INTERVIEW]NCIS: Gibbs’ replacement suspended as Parker’s past exposed? [THEORY] Follower @rheaperdue commented: “No one more deserving!!! Congrats, Lauren! I can’t wait to see it!!!” (sic) The pilot episode was directed by Marc Webb, best known for helming 500 Days of Summer and Andrew Garfield’s two Amazing Spider-Man outings. An official synopsis asks: “How do you solve a murder in a post-fact world? “Especially when sailing the Mediterranean on an ocean liner filled with the wealthy and powerful. Everyone on board is hiding something… but is one of them a killer?” “That’s what the world’s once greatest detective, Rufus Cotesworth (Mandy) and his protégée (Violett) aim to discover. The truth at all costs.” A release date has yet to be confirmed, but Hulu is likely eyeing a 2023 release as production is just getting underway. Blue Bloods season 12 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.