Steph McGovern’s daytime show Steph’s Packed Lunch has been nominated for a BAFTA, and the 39-year-old presenter shared her excitement in her typically relatable style. The star took to Instagram and declared: “Holy f**k!” In the daytime TV category, Steph’s Channel 4 show is up against some stiff competition from The Chase, Moneybags, and Richard Osman’s House of Games. She shared a screengrab of the email notifying her of the nomination on Instagram, where she has 79k followers. Steph then shared several congratulatory messages from her colleagues and pals, including former Strictly Come Dancing star Oti Mabuse. Oti wrote: “So so so proud and happy for @stephlunch and @packedlunchc4 team. CONGRATULATIONS.” The news comes as Steph’s show was also nominated for an RTS Television Award, but lost out during the ceremony earlier this week. Scooping the gong was ​​Munya Chawawa, who won for his show Race Around Britain. Steph’s Packed Lunch airs on weekdays and covers a range of topics including celebrity interviews, food, news and consumer advice. Upon the news her producer was departing the programme, Steph took to social media to write a heartfelt message. Alan Clayton has shared how he’s “delighted” to be joining The One Show after working as a producer on Packed Lunch. “Very proud of this fella,” wrote Steph. “We’ve worked together for years, first at BBC Breakfast, then launching the lockdown show from my house and then Steph’s Packed Lunch from Leeds Dock. “He’s now finally being released back into the wild….. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] “I’m going to miss him. #TVlegend.” BBC Breakfast star Naga Munchetty also replied: “Brilliant News! Congratulations! X” Alan had written on Twitter: “SELF INDULGENT ALERT. “Delighted to say that from next week I'll be joining BBC Studios as Series Producer, The One Show working with the fantastic team in the Documentary Unit, Salford to produce the Current Affairs, Arts and special project films for prime time on BBC One.” BBC Breakfast presenter Nina Warhurst wrote: “Congrats - welcome back to Salford.” Newsround presenter Ricky Boleto added: “Yesssssssssssssss. Well done Alan.” (sic) BBC News star penned in response: “Congratulations, Alan!” Broadcaster Victoria Fritz commented: “What a great job! I’m so pleased for you. Xx”