Nick Cave, 64, has hit back at a fan who accused him of double standards after claiming “undivided solidarity” with Ukraine. The musician responded to the message on Red Hand Files, a fan-based portal which allowed fans to post their thoughts to the singer. A fan named Ahmet posted saying that he hadn’t ever expressed any support for Palestinians. He argued that despite the brutal treatment of Palestinians, Nick had never publicly backed them. Ahmet wrote: “What bugs me about the Ukraine message, though, is that you haven’t expressed such a support for the Palestinian people. “Nick hasn’t expressed clear and undivided solidarity with the Palestinian people who are also subjected to such a brutal treatment.” READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby He also wrote, saying that Nick “described Israel as a functioning democracy and mapped out the solution as a political will shared by both sides". He concluded that he is thus in a “position of double standard". Nick wrote a response, saying the invasion of Ukraine by Russia is not nearly the same thing as the ongoing Israeli-Palestinian conflict. He said that one is an unprovoked attack, while the other is a deeply complex long-term conflict. He said: “There is little that I can disagree with in your letter. "However, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia is simply not the same thing as the ongoing conflict between Israel and Palestine. “One is a brutal unprovoked attack on one state by another, in the hope of revising the entire security structure of Europe. “The other is a deeply complex clash of two nations that is far from straightforward.” DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] He added, however, both share the fact that they impose great tragedy on those affected by the conflict. Nick said: “What the two conflicts do share is the tragic fate of all innocents who must cower in bomb shelters in fear of their lives. “I sympathise deeply with all such communities wherever – and whoever – they are.” He added that he wouldn’t repeat his view on the Israeli-Palestine conflict, but said that he has done a lot to raise money for schools in the communities. Nick reiterated that the current time is for uniting to give unequivocal support to the Ukrainian people. The vocalist said: “Right now, a catastrophe is unfolding and I stand with all Ukrainians at this horrific moment in history. “I would like nothing more than to play in Kyiv. “I was very much looking forward to our show there. “