The 48-year-old supermarket worker and entrepreneur said it wasn’t that long ago that he found himself in dire financial straits after his business folded. Now, he’s helping others live on less and stretch their finances by sharing his simple money making tips. Al Baker certainly knows a thing or two about being skint - six years ago he found himself down on his luck when his business folded. It meant he had to draw on all his resources and make money wherever he could. The dad, who has since set up his blog The Penny Pincher to help others in a similar situation, came across an advert for JustPark on social media and decided to give it a go. He says it’s possible to make over £100 every month especially if you live in a city or near a tourist attraction. READ MORE: NS&I premium bonds: Millions of Britons could be sitting on cash prize He told Express.co.uk: ”If you have a space in a bustling place, such as central London, with costly car parks, or near an airport or tourist attraction, you can earn a lot more than you would if you rented out your space in a suburban location. “These days, with bills on the rise, every penny counts so that extra money might pay for extra groceries, perhaps a treat, such as a cinema trip, or maybe a few drinks at the local pub, or a takeaway, that otherwise, you may not have been able to afford.” It’s an easy way to make extra money to offset the rising cost of living but not everyone has a spare parking space. In this case, Al recommends market research as it pays around £50 per hour. DON'T MISS:State pensioners could be eligible for extra £358 a month [UPDATE]‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [INSIGHT]PIP claimants urged to claim 10 freebies that could save thousands [ALERT] The blogger explains: “There are many ways you can earn a few extra pounds, my favourites are taking part in market research projects, as you could earn up to £50 an hour. “I’ve also made extra money by working for food delivery companies which currently aren’t as profitable, due to the cost of fuel, but are still profit makers. “You could take on a lodger, rent out your garden to campers, rent your house out to photographers or film-makers or earn extra cash by picking fruit when in season. “Or if you have a skill such as graphic design you could offer your services through online platforms such as Fiverr.” On his blog, Al also shares some great tips for making savings like taking advantage of yellow sticker bargains to save up to 90 percent on the normal selling price. He said: “Competition for the bargains is fierce, so they can’t be relied on to always save you money on your groceries, but when you do get some deals, they can save you some money, and by making sure you make good use of what you have found, you can stretch your food budget. “There are many websites giving you batch cooking recipe ideas and many social media groups that focus on ways to batch cook or provide low-cost recipe ideas for feeding the family, some for less than £1 ahead. “These can help stretch your food budget.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Al shared his top 10 ways to make extra money: