Dyslexia details a learning disorder characterised by a difficulty with reading due to problems with identifying speech sounds and learning how they relate to letters and words. Also dubbed as a learning disability, dyslexia targets areas of the brain that process language. The business magnate behind the Virgin Group said: “At the age of 15, I decided to leave school. “Once I started putting my dyslexic thinking brain to things that I was interested in, I think I started to excel at them. “I was quite creative, I was great at getting a group of people around me and motivating them well.” He has previously shared that one of the strengths dyslexics possess is their vivid imagination. READ MORE: High blood pressure warning: Drug recalled as it may cause ‘adverse health consequences’ Mr Branson continued: “What the world is going to need in the future is creative people. “I couldn’t look at a balance sheet but I knew that if you created an airline that was better than British Airways, 38, 39, 40 years ago, that people would come to it. “I thought screw that, let’s get a plane and see whether I’m right and we can build a cruise company that’s better than the big cruise companies. Let’s just try it. “We can build a space company that offers trips to space for more people and it may well succeed.  “It didn’t matter that I wasn’t good on the balance sheet.” Mr Branson isn’t the only successful person with dyslexia. According to a study, 40 percent of self-made millionaires are dyslexic. Mr Branson added: “What I’ve realised over the years is that being a dyslexic thinker is something that we should all be blessed with. “When parents are told their son or daughter are dyslexic, they should rejoice, they should tell them they are going to have a little bit of a difficult time. “But they should be concentrating soon after that on the thing they are good at and they will excel.” Many say that people who suffer from dyslexia actually make “great” entrepreneurs. Mr Branson has collaborated with the professional, business-focused network LinkedIn to recognise dyslexia as a valuable skill. More platforms are beginning to acknowledge dyslexia as a valid different way of thinking, with Dictionary.com planning to add “Dyslexic Thinking” as an official term. The Mayo Clinic explains that warning signs can be difficult to pick up before the child starts going to school. Once they start school, dyslexia symptoms tend to become “more apparent”, including: The Mayo Clinic recommends talking to a doctor if your child's reading level is below what's expected for their age or if they experience any other signs of dyslexia.