Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge are coming to the end of their Caribbean tour around the Commonwealth nations. Today, the Duke and Duchess started out their first day in the Bahamas with a visit to a local school. The couple was entertained by a performance from the school choir and a traditional Rake n' Scrape band. They have also carried out the traditional duty of planting a tree in commemoration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Although they have received warm welcomes from many locals during their tour, the Cambridges have faced backlash amid mounting tensions within the Commonwealth’s Caribbean realms. Protesters have called for “reparations” from the monarchy, which William and Kate are increasingly the modern faces of. On Wednesday, Kate and William met Andrew Holness, Jamaica’s Prime Minister and his wife Juliet. Mr Holness made it clear that Jamaica is making moves to become a republic ahead of its 60th anniversary of independence. Speaking during their visit, the Duke expressed his “profound sorrow” for the enslavement of millions of people from Africa to the Caribbean and North America, and described the slave trade as an “appalling atrocity” that “stains our history” and he went on to acknowledge Jamaica’s “pain”. The couple has been criticised for not doing enough and William’s words were deemed inadequate. However, Russell Myers, royal editor at the Daily Mirror has commended the Duke and Duchess for their "expert" handling of the backlash. He said: “I think they have walked a tightrope really, with the protests and they’ve just got to get on and be themselves. “But they really do have a tough job out here and that’s the way of the world. They are the future of the monarchy, they understand the issues at hand and certainly, the Prince of Wales has always said, and I know Prince William stands by this, that it’s very much a decision for the people. “They would never stand in their way.” He added: “There are issues at hand and I think they’ve really handled it expertly.” DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan Markle mocked after Oscars claim [INSIGHT]Queen releases new £14.99 botanical kitchen product [REVEAL]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [REPORT] Kate and William have faced protests throughout their eight-day tour of the Caribbean. The Duke and Duchess’s trip comes at a challenging time for the monarchy’s relationship with the Commonwealth, and their tour around the Caribbean nations has been deemed a “charm offensive”. While republican sentiment is not new, it has gained momentum amid worldwide protests against racism and police brutality and following Barbados’s removal of the Queen as head of state. The couple were forced to cancel their first stop in Belize following objections from locals.  Kate and William were meant to visit Akte 'il Ha cacao farm, but were met with opposition from residents of Indian Creek, who said they weren’t consulted about the visit and took aim at William’s patronage of a conservation charity with which they’re in a land rights dispute. There was further discontent surrounding the proposed landing location of the Cambridges’s helicopter — the local school’s football pitch. Sebastian Shol, chairman of Indian Creek village, told the Daily Mail: "We don't want them to land on our land, that's the message that we want to send. They could land anywhere but not on our land.” On Tuesday, they faced further protests upon their arrival in Jamaica. Protesters gathered outside the British High Commission in Kingston, the country’s capital. They denounced the visit and insisted upon a formal acknowledgement of slavery with reparatory justice and calling for Jamaica to drop the Queen as head of state. At the gathering, one little girl was spotted holding a placard reading: "Kings, Queens and Princesses and Princes belong in fairy tales not in Jamaica!" Their visit to the Bahamas is also at risk of being overshadowed as new demonstrations have repeated demands for reparations and criticised the Bahamian government for covering the costs of William and Kate's royal visit.  Earlier this week, the Bahamas National Reparations Committee (BNRC) issued a document ahead of William and Kate's arrival. The letter, released on March 22, stated: “We are tired of paying literally with our lives for the maintenance of a paradigm in which we were exploited so others could be exalted. It is time now for reparatory justice. The time is now for reparations.” It continued: “They and their family of Royals and their Government must acknowledge that their diverse economy was built on the backs of our ancestors. And then, they must pay.” The Cambridges will round up their tour and return to the UK on Saturday.