The LBC host grilled Angela Rayner on how "awful" a general election would be for the Labour Party next year. He asked: "There might be a general election next year, would that not be awful for the Labour Party? You're not ready for it, are you?" Ms Rayner hit back: "No, I'm ready. I think the country's ready. "Boris Johnson's lied to the people, laughed at the people and he's been running around with Russian oligarchs and then saying there's a problem and we need to fix it. "There's been plenty of time to fix it. The Russian report, nothing done about that. "I think the British public is starting to see what the measure of Boris Johnson is and they're starting to see the Labour Party has changed. READ MORE: Owen Jones in furious row as Vine caller slams MPs 'colluding' with EU "We're not the party we were in 2019, myself and Keir have taken over the leadership of the Labour Party and we have changed and we've been showing that change. "I think we're very much a Government in waiting and I think the British public is starting to see it." It comes as a Scottish Labour council candidate has withdrawn after comments she made on social media came to light, including one accusing the SNP of wanting to impose a "Catholic monarchy" on Scotland. Vanessa Shand was due to run for the party in the Perth & Kinross council election in May. The Daily Record newspaper reported Ms Shand also had an "I stand with soldier F" logo on her Twitter account, referring to the soldier charged over his role on Bloody Sunday in 1972. She is also reported to have written "says the daughter of NI catholic parents" in response to Labour MP Rebecca Long-Bailey praising Jeremy Corbyn over the Northern Ireland peace process. In 2015, she reportedly sent a tweet saying: "So that's the SNP's game! They want to replace the UK monarchy with a catholic monarchy!! Well I never." A Scottish Labour spokesperson said: "Every Scottish Labour candidate is expected to abide by our values - especially with regards to opposing forms of prejudice or hatred. DON'T MISS UK and US set to seal trade deal within HOURS as Biden drops hard line [INSIGHT]‘Woke brigade’ attack over Johnson's Ukraine comment deemed ‘pathetic’ [ANALYSIS]Brexit Britain to slash red tape to become 'leader' in space sector [VIDEO] "The Scottish Labour Party will act on evidence that any candidate has fallen short of these standards. "The person in question is no longer a Labour candidate." Ms Shand was asked about her previous comments on social media by the Daily Record. On the tweet about Rebecca Long-Bailey, she told the newspaper: "Yes, I did, and it probably wasn't one of my greater moments in life."