Piers Morgan, 56, has spoken up about the late Shane Warne, saying that his friend should receive a knighthood. The Australian cricketing hero and right-arm leg spinner died yesterday morning aged 52. Piers has taken to Twitter to argue that Shane should be given royal recognition for his services to cricket. He said he was one of “the greatest”, only to be snubbed in terms of being honoured by the Royal Family. The former GMB presenter wrote: “Shane Warne was the only one of Wisden’s 5 greatest cricketers of 20th Century not to be knighted. “He wasn’t Mother Teresa but if Gavin b****y Williamson can get a gong then so should Warnie, posthumously, for services to cricket & charity. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby “Make it happen @BorisJohnson #SirShane." It comes after controversy was sparked by the decision to give former Education Secretary Gavin Williamson a knighthood despite being sacked from the government twice. The tweet was sent out in full view of Piers’ 7.9 million followers. His fans were then quick to jump on to the post and make their thoughts on the subject known. @Msmansk penned: “Good idea but doesn’t he have to be British ?” @NavyReg1970 said: “My lasting memory isnt actually the bowling, its that little wicket keeper constantly harassing the batsman, giving a running commentary and growling "bowling warnie" or "nice one shane" after every single ball.”(sic) @PaddyBriggs chimed in: “Australia no longer appoint knights and dames under its honours system, PM Malcolm Turnbull has said.(sic) “Mr Turnbull said the titles were "not appropriate" in modern Australia, and that Queen Elizabeth had accepted the cabinet's recommendation to drop them.” @Portsmouthfclee said: “I can’t ever remember an overseas sportsman, who quite frankly put England to the sword in ashes cricket, be so loved and adored! DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] “We loved him like our very own national treasure!” @Stevefry penned: “Let’s face it, if Gavin Williamson can get a Knighthood then the whole Commonwealth is now in the mix to get one.” Shane Warne died on Friday morning following a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand, where he was holidaying with friends. The star’s management team released a statement, which read: "It is with great sadness we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand today, Friday 4th March.” "Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. "The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course.” In the early 2000s, Shane was regarded as one of the top five greatest cricketers of the 20th century and by many as the greatest bowler of all time. The star enjoyed a 15 year long career, starting in 1992.