The increase coincides with the beginning of the new tax year in April and will also affect people who rely on Universal Credit and Pension Credit. Here’s how much more people can expect from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) from April 11. The planned increase in state benefits will be a welcome relief for many this year as families struggle to meet the soaring cost of living. Millions of Britons rely on state benefits like Universal Credit, Child Benefit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP) to help them make ends meet. Not to mention millions of UK pensioners who count on the state pension and Pension Credit as a means to get by. The 3.1 percent could go some way towards helping people who are finding it tough to pay for soaring petrol prices and energy bills. READ MORE: Barclays issues fresh scam warning after convincing texts How much will the state pension rise in April? State pension payments will rise this year, but not under the triple lock policy. Instead it will rise 3.1 percent based on inflation. The full new state pension is currently £179.60 per week, but it will rise to £185.15. DON'T MISS:Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [UPDATE]Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [INSIGHT]Take care when writing your will – five mistakes to avoid [WARNING] Meanwhile, Universal Credit, Child Benefit and PIP will also increase 3.1 percent from next month. More than 20 million people rely on these benefits because they are unemployed, on a low income or have a condition that affects their ability to work. It affects 12.4 million who rely on the state pension, 5.8 million who claim Universal Credit and 2.8 million who are dependent on PIP. In addition, it also applies to 264,000 people on Jobseeker’s Allowance. How much Universal Credit will I get? Standard allowance (monthly) What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much will Personal Independence Payment (PIP) increase? Daily living component Enhanced: £92.40 (from £89.60)Standard: £61.85 (from £60.00) Mobility componentEnhanced: £64.50 (from £62.55)Standard: £24.45 (from £23.70).