London Mayor Sadiq Khan hopes the service, dubbed ‘London Stands with Ukraine’, will be an opportunity to send a unified message of support to the Ukrainian people. Russia’s invasion of the country has now entered its fifth week and has led to significant casualties, as well as forcing millions to flee their homes. Beginning at 2pm this Saturday the march will last for one hour before proceedings move onto the vigil which is planned to get underway at 3pm. The vigil is then scheduled to last until 5pm. Park Lane is where the march will begin before it eventually ends up at Trafalgar Square. READ MORE: UK troops graves daubed with Russian Z symbol  The march from Park Lane will go via Piccadilly Circus, where Yoko Ono’s ‘IMAGINE PEACE’ artwork will be displayed on Piccadilly Lights. Yoko Ono’s piece was commissioned by CIRCA in collaboration with Serpentine. When the march begins it will head south on Park Lane towards Piccadilly. Once there participants will move eastwards until they reach Haymarket and head south again.  The march will then angle its way onto Cockspur Street and finish at Trafalgar Square. All of the roads which make up the event route will be closed while the march is in progress. They will re-open shortly after crowds have gathered in Trafalgar Square for the subsequent vigil. DON'T MISS: Astonishing wage of P&O boss behind mass sacking5 [EXPLAINED]'Can't bully me anymore' Moment Kate receives flowers from girl [INSIGHT]Putin has legs cut from beneath him as Russian morale 'shockingly low' [NEWS]  The event has been organised by the Mayor of London who has encouraged Londoners to “stand together with the people of Ukraine”. He said: “For the last few weeks, the world has been in awe at the strength and courage shown by the Ukrainian people in the face of this unprovoked and shocking attack against their country. “London has a long history of providing sanctuary to those fleeing conflict, and we stand ready to welcome Ukrainian refugees. “I want to give everyone who wants to show their solidarity a chance to stand together with the people of Ukraine.  “Together we will march and unite in Trafalgar Square to show our support for our friends in Ukraine and call for an urgent end to this atrocity.” Hanya Dezyk, Board Director of the Association of Ukrainians in Great Britain added: “We are heartened that Londoners and visitors from across the UK will be joining together in London to send a message of solidarity with the people of Ukraine. “It has been incredibly difficult for Ukrainians living in the UK and across the world to see what is happening to our homeland, and the sight of people uniting in the streets in our name gives us hope and strengthens our resolve to fight for Ukraine’s freedom" Anyone wishing to donate to support the people of Ukraine will be encouraged to donate to the United Nations Central Emergency Response Fund (UNCERF). 