The Simpsons creator Matt Groening’s cult favourite Futurama is coming back for more, with a new series of adventures in the 31st Century coming to Hulu next year. Voice acting legend John DiMaggio originally declined to return but has now confirmed to have settled his salary dispute with the streamer. But some fans of the show aren’t happy the animated sitcom is coming back. Fans of the cartoon comedy have expressed their concerns for a revival following John’s confirmation he’s coming back to voice Futurama’s foul-mouthed robot, Bender. John initially turned down a role in Hulu’s revival, despite his co-stars Billy West, Katey Sagal and Maurice Lamarche all announcing their return. Thankfully, one of the show’s most iconic voices will remain intact for the new season, which has been given a 20-episode order. John’s full statement reads: “I’M BACK, BABY! So damn grateful for the love and support of fans and colleagues alike during this whole time (especially my wife, Kate), and I cannot wait to get back to work with my Futurama family. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series “#Bendergate is officially over, so put it on the back of a shelf behind Xmas decorations, or maybe in that kitchen drawer with all of the other c**p you put in there like old unusable crazy glue, or maybe even put it in a jar you save farts in. “Whatever floats your boat, I don’t care, you get the picture. I’M BACK, BABY! BITE MY SHINY METAL A**!” Many Futurama enthusiasts were understandably thrilled by the news, as it was initially speculated the role of Bender would have to be recast. However, there are still some viewers who remain sceptical about the revamp after the series wrapped up with a satisfying conclusion back in 2013. Twitter user @MemeFrog predicted: “With or without John DiMaggio, the show will most likely suck. “I’m hoping it doesn’t. I’m a huge Futurama fan. But I’m not optimistic about this.” And @TiredCast wrote: “I’m a little more hype now that John DiMaggio is back to voice Bender for Futurama, but I don’t know, man. “To completely f**k over the ending of the show feels kinda wrong for me.” DON'T MISS:Vikings Valhalla season 2: Star hints return despite death [SPOILERS]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe shares concerns over playing Claire [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul’s Bob Odenkirk opens up on set collapse [LATEST] The series was initially cancelled by Fox after three seasons before being revived for three more instalments on Comedy Central. Season seven concluded with Fry (Billy West) and Leela (Katey Sagal) growing old together in a stationary universe before time is reset. @JadeSeriously tweeted: “Bringing [Futurama] back is gonna spit all over that ending. It's just because no one has any original ideas. Don't do it, John.” Although Rachel Zugg argued: “That ending was perfect because it lets them do it over and over.... New episodes won't affect that.” “Who says that each time they go round has to be the same? I like the idea that they get never-ending adventures together, each time is new, with the same conclusion.” @Mofoknmedic was also more optimistic and commented: “The collective sigh of relief from millions of fans was just heard @TheJohnDiMaggio. Now we can stop wondering and enjoy the show.” But Stuart Lugdsen said: “Bad news Futurama is coming back even though nobody wanted it to because it was becoming stale and ended on a good note.” Hopefully, the series can remain fresh and funny after a whole decade off screens, but fans still have about a year to find out if Futurama season eight lives up to the hype. Futurama seasons 1-7 are available to stream on Disney+.