The UK has been experiencing a heatwave in recent days with many Brits taking advantage of the favourable weather conditions by picnicking in the park and even heading down to the beach. However, temperatures could take a massive turn as the UK enters April, with one weather service suggesting lows of -8C. WXCHARTS suggests parts of Scotland could see chills of between -6C and -8C. The borders are expected to see warmer conditions on March 31, with temperatures hovering around 0C. The rest of the UK will also experience a cold snap, however, they do not look set to tip mercury into freezing. Parts of Wales instead look set to see temperatures vary from 1C to 3C. JUST IN: UK weather forecast: 'Large ridge' of European pressure to cook Britain as 30C heat to hit Whereas, England could see highs of 4C in Cornwall. The cold turn is also expected to bring with it spring snowfall, with Scotland seeing 8cms of snow. Snow is also forecast to fall across England on April 1, according to WXCHARTS. However, the shock forecast is expected to follow a heatwave which Brits are currently enjoying. Temperatures of 20C have been experienced in places as the Met Office said earlier this week to expect “seven days” of sunshine. Aidan McGivern, a forecaster at the Met Office, said: “There will be more spring sunshine to come during the rest of the week. “High pressure close to the east then becomes increasingly centred over the UK from Wednesday into Thursday and Friday.” However, the Met Office has also warned Brits should expect to see colder conditions as the UK enters April. The UK's national weather service said in its long-range forecast: "Still settled for many at the start of next week but a trend to showery and colder conditions is expected to take place from the north from Monday. “Showers will likely be focused on northern and eastern areas, potentially wintry over northern hills and at lower levels in the far northeast. “A good deal of dry weather persisting in the south and west. “Potential for strong winds in the far northeast early in the period. “Later next week and beyond, more unsettled conditions are likely with more frequent showers or longer spells of rain for many areas. “After a spell of below average temperatures next week, temperatures are likely to return to near average later in the period.”