Carers will receive the lump sum in recognition of the important role they played during the pandemic. Although more than 57,000 carers will receive the payout in Wales, it doesn’t look like the gesture will be offered to the millions of carers in England and Scotland. Carers Allowance is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to Britons who care for someone for at least 35 hours a week. This could be helping them with cooking and cleaning or getting around the home. The person they are caring for needs to be claiming state benefits like Personal Independence Payments (PIP) of Attendance Allowance. They can be in work but they will need to be earning no more than £128 a week. READ MORE: New savings account offers 'highly competitive interest rate'   All carers in Wales who receive Carer's Allowance are eligible to claim the money. Deputy minister for social services in Wales Julie Morgan announced the measures just this week. She said: "Unpaid carers have played a pivotal role throughout the pandemic and we recognise the financial and emotional hardships they have experienced. "I hope this £500 payment will go some way to supporting them during these difficult times." DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [INSIGHT]‘Welcome relief’ for pensioners in interest rate decision [UPDATE]Millions eligible for free broadband installation [ALERT] Ms Morgan continued: "We understand not all unpaid carers will be eligible for this payment, as many are not in receipt of a carer's allowance, and we will continue supporting carers of all ages in every way we can." The scheme is being launched after a survey of 1,500 unpaid carers found nearly half had to use their personal savings during the pandemic. Caring for someone also means many people have to give up work or study. The scheme is costing the Welsh Government £29 million but will leave many carers in England and Scotland wondering why they have been forgotten. Meanwhile, almost half a million (400,000) eligible carers aren’t claiming Carer’s Allowance from the DWP. It works out at £292 a month and could help them make ends meet during the cost of living crisis. However, it may affect other benefits so that they don't receive the full amount. The DWP confirmed that putting in a claim for Carer’s Allowance won’t mean people end up being paid less. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To claim Carer’s Allowance, the person being cared for must be claiming one of the following state benefits: People can go to Gov.uk to find out more. 