Game of Thrones fans are keen for news on the release of the highly-anticipated House of the Dragon on HBO Max and Sky. The series is set prior to the events of Game of Thrones, and it will follow the origin story of the Targaryens. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the release date, trailer, cast and more. Filming began in the UK back in April 2021 and the series will be made up of 10 episodes. The epic fantasy drama will land on HBO on August 21, following the release date announcement on March 30. The series will also be available to watch in the UK via Sky Atlantic and the NOW streaming service. But fans in the UK will have to wait an extra day, with an air date set for August 22. The show will also be available on Sky in Ireland, Italy, Germany, Austria and Switzerland. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is On October 5, the network released a minute-long teaser for the new series and fans could not contain their excitement. The trailer explains how the series is set 200 years before the fall of the throne. Viewers hear the words: "Dreams didn't make us kings, dragons did," and were treated to a view of the iconic iron throne. The action-packed trailer is full of battle scenes and viewers took to the comments to share their thoughts. Usama said: "Best TV show of 2022. Absolutely no competition," and Ladybuglizzie added: "This looks so good! I'm so excited!" READ MORE: 'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith Many viewers are still reeling after the finale of the original Game of Thrones, which saw the death of Daenerys (Emilia Clarke). @JonDanyTarg said: "Hope this show includes the resurrection of The Rightful Queen Daenerys Targaryen - as a start scene." Creegan added: "I have no trust they will do this right after that debacle of a final season." Akamaru said: "I am so eager to be immersed in this universe… even if I am not keen on watching the fall of the dragons and House Targaryen... Anyway! "Let's not forget the true embodiment of House Targaryen, Daenerys. She is the dragon." DON'T MISS... Game of Thrones’ Conleth Hill has ‘no envy’ for House of Dragon cast [INTERVIEW] House of The Dragon has wrapped 'it needs work' George RR Martin says [INSIGHT] Game of Thrones' Peter Dinklage takes aim at prequel for lack of 'risk [INTERVIEW] Paddy Considine stars as King Viserys Targaryen, chosen by the lords of Westeros to succeed the King Jaehaerys Targaryen, at the Great Council at Harrenhal. Matt Smith plays Prince Daemon Targaryen, the younger brother to King Viserys and heir to the throne. He possesses the true blood of the dragon. Olivia Cooke stars as Alicent Hightower, the daughter of Otto Hightower, the Hand of the King. Emma D’Arcy plays Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen, the king’s first-born child and a dragonrider who is of pure Valyrian blood. Steve Toussaint is Lord Corlys Velaryon, Lord of House Velaryon, a bloodline as old as House Targaryen. He is known as The Sea Snake as he is the most famed adventurer of the seas in the history of Westeros. Eve Best plays Princess Rhaenys Targaryen, a dragonrider and wife to Lord Corlys Velaryon who was denied the throne as others favoured her cousin Viserys. Fabien Frankel is Ser Criston Cole,  the common-born son of the steward to the Lord of Blackhaven. Sonoya Mizuno plays Mysaria, the most trusted yet most unlikely ally of Prince Daemon Targaryen, the heir to the throne. Rhys Ifans is Otto Hightower, the Hand of the King. Additional cast includes: Milly Alcock is Young Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen. Bethany Antonia as Baela Targaryen, eldest daughter of Laena Velaryon Phoebe Campbell as Rhaena Targaryen, second daughter of Lady Laena and sister to Baela Emily Carey plays Young Alicent Hightower, the daughter of Otto Hightower, the Hand of the King Harry Collett as Jacaerys Velaryon, eldest son of Rhaenyra Targaryen Ryan Corr plays Ser Harwin ‘Breakbones’ Strong, the eldest son of Master of Laws Lyonel Strong Tom Glynn-Carney as Aegon Targaryen, firstborn son of King Viserys Jefferson Hall as Ser Tyland Lannister, twin to Lord Jason Lannister Jefferson Hall as Lord Jason Lannister, the Lord of Casterly Rock and twin to Ser Tyland Lannister David Horovitch plays Grand Maester Mellos, a voice of reason to King Viserys Wil Johnson as Ser Vaemond Velaryon, younger brother to Coryls Velaryon John Macmillan as Ser Laenor Velaryon, son of Corlys Velaryon and  Rhaenys Targaryen Graham McTavish as Ser Harrold Westerling, who has served in the Kingsguard since the days of King Jaehaerys Ewan Mitchell as Aemond Targaryen, second-born son of Viserys Theo Nate as Ser Laenor Velaryon, son of Corlys Velaryon and Rhaenys Targaryen Matthew Needham as Larys Strong, younger son of Master of Laws Lyonel Strong Bill Paterson as Lord Lyman Beesbury, Lord of Honeyholt and Master of Coin on King Viserys's council Phia Saban as Helaena Targaryen, second-born daughter of Viserys Gavin Spokes as Lord Lyonel Strong, Master of Laws to King Viserys and Lord of Harrenhal Savannah Steyn plays Lady Laena Velayron, daughter of Corlys Velaryon and Rhaenys Targaryen  House of the Dragon is based on George R R Martin's book Fire and Blood, which was also the name of the final episode of season one of Game of Thrones. The series documents the rise and fall of House Targaryen and the events leading up to the Targaryen civil war, known as the Dance of the Dragons. Following the official release date announcement, Zai Bennett, managing director of content at Sky UK, said: “House of the Dragon is one of the most highly anticipated shows of the year and it showcases Sky’s commitment to providing exciting, world-class content for our customers. "If you loved Game of Thrones or are a first timer to the world of Westeros, this is going to be a must-watch.” House of the Dragon airs on HBO from August 21, with the series arriving on Sky Atlantic and NOW on August 22.