In a move widely seen as their introduction to formal royal life George and Charlotte attended the memorial for their Great Grandfather with their parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. However, body language expert Judi James told Ok! magazine that the remarkably composed behaviour of the Cambridge children was the result of rehearsals.  She said: “William’s hand barely left his son’s shoulder and he used several pat-rituals as a tie-sign to register encouragement and approval.” Ms James noted that despite the sombre occasion the pride that the Duke and Duchess had for their children “showed through”. She said: “They were appearing here as proud and loving parents, gently continuing George and Charlotte’s induction into formal royal life.” Ms James also explained the way that the Duchess would encourage Charlotte during the service.  She said: "Kate was the one gently pushing Charlotte forward and, despite some shy smiles at the start, Charlotte - looking remarkably and touchingly like the Queen did as a child - was soon chatting and offering quite a firm-looking handshake.” Lip reader Jacqui Press told OK! magazine that Kate told a solemn looking Princess Charlotte “you can smile” as the pair walked into Westminster Abbey hand in hand before the service started. George and Charlotte’s appearance at the service was a surprise as they had not been on the list of attendees prior to today. It is understood that the royal couple felt that their little brother, three-year-old Louis, was too young for the service so he remained at home with the family nanny, Maria Borrall. READ MORE: Prince Philip memorial: 'Sour' BBC blasted for Philip coverage  The Duchess looked typically elegant in a wide brimmed hat and black polka dot dress while William matched his son in a navy suit. The elder Cambridge children, who are currently on Easter holidays from Thomas’s school in London's Battersea, were smartly turned out for the moving service at Westminster Abbey. George, eight, wore a suit while his six-year-old sister wore a navy coat. They arrived at the service alongside their parents, with George holding 39-year-old William’s hand and Charlotte doing the same with her 40-year-old mother. DON'T MISS:  Prince Harry savaged as he skips Prince Philip memorial service reunio [REVEAL] 'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury  [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: William 'snubs' Harry ahead of Philip memorial [SPOTLIGHT]   The family were met by the Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle, Dean of Westminster, who was conducting the service.