Prince Edward is the patron of the British Paralympic Association, and today released a video with his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex wishing a Paralympic skier the “best of luck”. The Earl and Countess of Wessex heard from Menna Fitzpatrick, Britain’s most decorated Winter Paralympian, who is visually impaired and skis with a guide. She will be representing Team GB at the upcoming Winter Paralympic Games on the ski slopes.  Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the couple’s body language in the newly released video. The expert said: “Calm, jolly and down-to-earth, Sophie and Edward are like an oasis of calm currently in a royal Firm that is buffeted by dramas. “Their body language here signals affection and pride as they chat to the Paralympian athletes. “They are looking happy, funny and still slightly startled by the medium of video links.  READ MORE: Lawn specialist shares tips to get 'thick healthy grass' this spring “One of the sweetest things about the couple is that they look so much like every other mum and dad doing a Zoom call during the pandemic. “There is a fondness in both their eye expressions as they chat. “They use several signals to lower their own status to raise that of the women they are talking to. “Edward begins with a raised brow, rounded eye expression and a wide grin of surprise and his pose is self-diminished rather than splayed and high status,” Judi noted.  She continued: “There are no signs of competing between the couple, just some solid choreography as he sits back slightly and she leans forward to ask the deeper questions. “Edward turns his gaze on his wife as she speaks and he also nods furiously to suggest active listening as he listens to the answers. “Their matching ‘baby waves’ to the lens at the end is another lowering ritual that is at the opposite end of the scale from the typical royal wave. “Their presence is low-key but also motivational, which is an ideal send-off to the young athletes on their screen.”  Sophie asked Menna Fitzpatrick in the video: “Just describe what it's like, as somebody with very low vision to actually ski seriously fast speeds. “What is that like?” Menna replied: “Yeah, people think that it’s a bit mental to be quite honest! “It’s very much like being in a complete whiteout.”  Sophie responded: “I think it’s extraordinary. “I think it’s incredibly brave of you.” Prince Edward then chimed in saying: “The very best of luck to you especially, with the whole team and we hope that it all goes really well.” Sophie added: “Good luck! We’ll be watching you and cheering you on from back here.” 