Most properties have skirting boards at the bottom of their interior walls. Skirting boards act to protect the bottom of the wall from abrasion, knocks from furniture and general wear and tear. However, over time skirting boards can become dusty and dirty. Now, fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared a handy hack for cleaning dirty skirting boards. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning expert with over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers have created their own groups on social media dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and advice. On one such group, Facebook user Sarah Davenport asked: “How often does everyone clean their skirting boards? READ MORE: Lawn seed: 8 steps to growing grass in your garden before sowing “And what do you use on them? Mine always seem to be dirty.” Sarah’s post was inundated with over 230 comments. The most common piece of advice from Mrs Hinch fans was to use fabric softener. Amy Linkson said: “Watered down fabric softener. “The kids do it with a spray bottle and dusting cloth, they love that job!  DON'T MISSLawn care: The mowing trick to 'always' use when cutting grass [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Michael of Kent's former £5.75million haunted house [UPDATE]DIY SOS star Mark Millar on the rooms that ‘automatically boost value’ [ANALYSIS] “I work full time with five kids so we all pitch in.” Mich Elle replied: “The bits you can see every week. “But I pull all the furniture out and get a dishmatic filled with Comfort and water and just scrub and dry.” Amy Cotton commented: “Fabric conditioner and water, dust doesn’t stick to them as much. “Nice on the radiators as well.” Louise Caston said: “Wash mine with hot water and fabric softener. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Smells lovely and seems to keep them cleaner longer.” Fozia Iqbal suggested: “Hot water and fabric conditioner, comes up lovely plus the house smells lush.” Helen Wassell wrote: “Damp cloth soaked in Lenor.” Fairy Snuggly Soft Fabric Conditioner 50 Washes can be bought from Wilko for 25p. Easy Fabric Conditioner 750ml is available from Yorkshire Trading Co. for £1. Sainsbury's Fabric Conditioner, Sunshine can be bought for £1.45. ASDA Golden Orchard Fabric Softener 33 Washes can be bought for £1.50. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using wipes, Zoflora and Elbow Grease.  Anna Dunford wrote: “I use anti bacterial wipes to clean mine say once a month. “I’ll go over all the doors and frames at the same time.” Louise Durkin-Carter said: “I go over with a hoover attachment when vacuuming then Elbow Grease spray once a month. “More if I have the time or can be bothered to.” Emma Worrall replied: “I use hot water and Zoflora spray once a month, I’ll dust them in between.” Jude Finnemore said: “I wash all the skirting boards with a mop every few weeks. “So much easier than getting on your hands and knees.” Sarah Stewart commented: “Hoover them then wipe with damp cloth sprayed with Zoflora.”