On Wednesday, Anne, Princess Royal, unveiled Manchester Royal Infirmary’s new helipad – the first of its kind in the North West. This was followed by a visit to the Maternity Services at Saint Mary’s Hospital, which was named the Royal College of Midwives Service of the Year 2021. There, she heard about their work and met the staff who deliver 16,500 babies a year. Princess Anne, 71,  made the visit in her role as Patron of the Royal College of Midwives (RCM). Anne heard about vital research being carried out by the service to improve outcomes for babies and young children, before speaking to staff from the bereavement services about the support they provide to families at an especially difficult time. For years, the Queen’s only daughter has been widely admired for her work ethic. Since her first public engagement in 1969 when, at the young age of 18, the Princess Royal opened an educational and training centre in Shropshire, she has been deeply committed to supporting the Queen. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan's plan to outflank Firm by targeting specific generation as 'real royals' Earlier this year, The Times reported that Princess Anne narrowly beat her brother Prince Charles for the top spot as 2021’s busiest royal. The Times reader Tim O'Donovan has compiled the number of royal engagements completed by each working royal every year for decades. His analysis showed that Anne completed a staggering 387 official engagements in 2021. True Royalty TV co-founder and editor in chief, Nick Bullen says that Her Royal Highness’ ability to maintain a low profile is at the core of her glistening 50-year career as a working royal. Speaking to US Weekly last year, Mr Bullen said: “Princess Anne is incredibly low profile, it is what she wants. “Anne’s view is ‘I am nothing special, I am just doing a job’ – she is very much her fathers’ daughter. She can’t quite understand why anybody would be interested in her! “She just gets on with the job, is not bothered whether she is on the front pages or not, she is not chasing fashion – she is wearing clothes she wore 30-years ago.” He added: “She is absolute dynamite! “That sort of ‘stuff the nonsense, takes no prisoners, suffers no fools’ attitude. “She is incredibly hard-working and she is the archetype royal." DON’T MISSHave Your Say: Should Queen allow Meghan and Harry to return part-time after US snub? [LATEST]Prince William’s friends had ‘a problem’ with Kate: ‘Social divide created tensions’  [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] Anne is the mother of two children: Zara and Peter Phillips; neither possesses a title or participates in royal duties. They, like their mother, keep a low profile away from the eyes of the media. Speaking in 2015, Zara revealed she was grateful for her lack of a title, stating it opened up opportunities for her. She said: “I’m very lucky that both my parents decided to not use the title and we grew up and did all the things that gave us the opportunity to do.” Zara is a decorated equestrian while her brother, Peter, is managing director at sports and entertainment agency, SEL UK. Former Buckingham Palace press secretary Dickie Arbiter told the Sun that Princess Anne’s decision allowed Zara to “thrive as her own woman”. He said: “It was a masterstroke of the Princess Royal when she decided not to give her children titles. “Growing up as a commoner allowed Zara to thrive as her own woman, and there has never been pressure on her to conform. “She has benefited from it in all sorts of ways.”