Water levels are calculated over a hydrological year, which does not begin on January 1 but October 1. The recent heavy rainfall in Spain this month has given reservoirs some respite, however not enough to dispel fears of drought. The average rainfall for March in Malaga is set at 52 litres per square metre. However in 2022, 208 litres has been collected per square metre, which is four times the average amount. This has given some respite to Spain's reservoirs, which are at 48 percent of their capacity, according to the Hidrosur network. Alarmingly, in the past 34 years, there have been only three times that the level of water in the reservoirs was even lower. READ MORE: Spain: Weather warning issued for tourist destinations In 1995, the water levels were at 43.5 percent. In 1993, the water levels were at 40.8 percent. In 1992, the water levels were at 40.4 percent. This year, the reservoirs have accumulated 295.77 hectometres per cubic metre and are approaching last year's levels of 363.77 hectometres per cubic metre. Much of the heavy rain can be credited to Storm Celia earlier this month. Some parts of Spain have benefitted from the heavy rainfall more than others. La Concepcion Reservoir, which supplies the Western Costa del Sol, and Guadalhorce-Guadelteba system supplying Malaga City have benefitted the most. Both reservoirs are at 85 percent of the capacity, almost double the country's 48 percent average. This will ensure a sufficient water supply for sunny Costa del Sol and Malaga City, both of which attract a lot of British tourists. In the Costa del Sol Britons reportedly account for 30 percent of business in the hotel sector. Sadly, other parts of Spain are experiencing prolonged drought. The La Viñuela Reservoir across the River Guaro in the Eastern side of the Costa del Sol is currently sitting at 17 percent of its capacity. Despite the abundance of rainfall in recent weeks, weather expert and director of AEMET Malaga Jesus Riesco revealed that it has only rained 60 percent of what it should have in a hydrological year. This means that Spain is 40 percent short of its annual rainfall. The expert highlighted that Spain is moving into its hotter, sunnier months, with its rainier months between October and December. "The months in which more rain is expected have already passed."