The Russian President launched an invasion of Ukraine last week after Moscow previously denied trying to occupy Europe’s second-largest nation. Putin’s troops poured into the country from the north, the south and the east, and have since closed in on the capital Kyiv. A huge Russian military convoy has been stationed outside the city for days, although its advancement has been hampered by Ukrainian resistance, mechanical failures and other issues. After more than seven days of artillery strikes across the country and fighting on the ground, Russian forces have now seized control of the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant. Moscow also captured the southern city of Kherson, while the strategic city of Mariupol has faced a constant barrage of Russian attacks. Before the invasion, Putin deployed “peacekeeping” troops to Ukraine’s two breakaway regions, which are controlled by Russia-backed rebels. The action came a day after the Russian President recognised the independence of the areas – the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic and the Lugansk People's Republic. Ukraine, the US and UK believe Russia may have conducted false flag operations in the eastern regions prior to the current conflict as an excuse for an invasion. JUST IN: Putin humiliated as Finland defies Russia on NATO: 'We make our own decisions’ The Russian President’s secrecy and deception extends to his own family, including his two daughters with his ex-wife Lyudmila, who have rarely been seen in public and are protected by a strictly-observed code of silence among the Russian media. One of Putin’s children, Maria, was previously caught up in a major controversy and faced calls to be deported from the Netherlands. The mystery woman lived in the country with her Dutch partner Jorrit Faassen, an executive for a Russian consultancy company. However, after the downing of Flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine in 2014, pressure grew on the couple to leave the Netherlands. More than half of the 298 people who were killed on the Malaysia Airlines flight, which was downed by a Russian missile, were Dutch. Pieter Broertjes, the mayor of Dutch city of Hilversum, issued a furious call for Maria to be forced out of the country. His comments during a radio interview drew a backlash on social media, and he subsequently clarified his remarks. On Twitter he said his outburst was “not wise”, but that it “stemmed from a feeling of helplessness that many will recognise”. Maria and her boyfriend were reported to live in a heavily-guarded penthouse in Voorschoten. Police stepped up surveillance outside the couple’s riverside apartment at the time of the incident, according to the Daily Mail. DON'T MISS:Turkey: Erdogan power play over Putin as missile-laden warships descend on Bosphorus [LATEST]Vladimir Putin 'not in touch with reality' before Ukraine invasion: 'In another world' [INSIGHT]Do YOU think Boris Johnson should increase defence spending in the UK? Vote in our poll [ANALYSIS] In 2015, the couple were reported to be living in Moscow. Flight MH17 was en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur on July 17, 2014 when it vanished from radar. The plane crashed in Hrabove, Donetsk after being shot down in the rebel-held region. A probe by the Dutch Safety Board in 2015 found that a Russian Buk missile system downed the plane. The anti-aircraft weapon was brought from Russia into eastern Ukraine, an international investigation team found in 2016. Australia and the Netherlands announced in 2018 that they hold Russia responsible for its part in the plane crash. Dutch foreign minister Stef Blok pointed the finger at Moscow after the conclusions of the Dutch-led joint investigation team (JIT). He said: “On the basis of the JIT’s conclusions, the Netherlands and Australia are now convinced that Russia is responsible for the deployment of the Buk installation that was used to down MH17. “The government is now taking the next step by formally holding Russia accountable.” The JIT named three Russians and a Ukrainian as responsible for bringing the weapon into Ukraine and charged them with the murders of the 298 victims. International warrants have been issued for their arrests.