Russia’s offensive in Ukraine continues despite international outcry and action aimed at crippling President Vladimir Putin. Now, the highest court in the world is fast-tracking a case bought against Russia by Ukraine so an order for troops to stand down immediately can be actioned. Ukraine accuses Russia of illegally justifying the invasion by falsely alleging genocide in the self-proclaimed republics of Luhansk and Donetsk, in Ukraine’s east. The case, being taken to the UN’s International Court of Justice, is one of a number being taken by Ukraine to international courts in an attempt to secure a ruling that Russia is acting illegally, or committing war crimes. Ukraine has also claimed Russian forces are deliberately targeting civilian areas, something the Kremlin has denied. Some 1.2 million Ukrainians have fled to Poland since the invasion began on February 24, including 141,500 on Monday, the Polish Border Guard said on Tuesday, and hundreds of thousands of others have travelled to countries like Moldova, Romania, Slovakia and Hungary.  READ MORE: Putin is rattled! Dream of 'lightning war' turning into 'nightmare' Acting for Ukraine in the court, David Zionts said: “Ukraine comes to this court because of a grotesque lie and to seek protection from the devastating consequences of that lie. “The lie is the Russian Federation’s claim of genocide in Ukraine. “The consequences are unprovoked aggression, cities under siege, civilians under fire, humanitarian catastrophe and refugees fleeing for their lives.” Ukraine wants the court to take provisional measures ordering Russia to “immediately suspend the military operations”, pending a full judgment on the dispute - which could take years. What’s the catch? Russia will not remove its soldiers even in light of the ruling, but it will deal another blow to Moscow’s waning diplomatic prestige. Russia snubbed the court during a hearing on Monday by not bringing any legal representation or other representatives to the hearing. Ukrainian envoy Anton Korynevych said: "The fact that Russia's seats are empty speaks loudly.  DON'T MISSRussians disclose General’s death as comms broken by OWN army [INSIGHT]Russia growing 'very vulnerable' as 'easy target' troops losing Mosco [REPORT]Putin is rattled! Dream of 'lightning war' turning into 'nightmare' [ANALYSIS] “They are not here in this court of law: they are on a battlefield waging an aggressive war against my country.” The ICJ's rulings are final and without appeal, but it has no way of enforcing them. While countries generally do follow the ICJ’s orders, there have been previous instances where rulings have been disregarded. Based in The Hague, ICJ is the highest court for resolving disputes between states, and while cases there usually take years, it has a fast-track procedure to look at requests for “provisional measures” to prevent situations from getting worse. The ICJ was set up after World War 2 to rule on disputes between UN member states, based mainly on treaties and conventions. Its rulings are binding - but it has no real means to enforce them, especially on erratic states like Russia. The case is different to the one being undertaken by the International Criminal Court, which is also in The Hague.