The young prince, eight, stepped out in a rare public appearance with his parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, for a memorial service dedicated to his great-grandfather, Prince Philip. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, along with George and sister Charlotte, six, were among the last members of the Royal Family to arrive at Westminster Abbey for the Service of Thanksgiving. The youngest Cambridge prince, three-year-old Louis, did not join his siblings and parents for the service. Prince George looked smart in a navy suit and tie, with Charlotte by his side in a dark blue coat and tights. The young royals attracted a wave of appreciation on social media, with Twitter user Kayla Adams praising: “Prince George and Princess Charlotte are so grown up.” @DianaDZ007 posted: “Prince George and Princess Charlotte are so big!” Royal journalist Christopher Wilson described how young George’s performance at the service was one of which the late Duke of Edinburgh would be proud. He wrote on Twitter: “And so the show goes on. “#PrinceGeorge shaking hands with the waiting clergy at #WestminsterAbbey takes us into the next generation of royal service. “How #PrincePhilip would approve. READ MORE: Queen gave Camilla Queen title to stop Harry from 'harming' her “And how thrilling to see #TheQueen so upright and unbowed by the years.” The prince, who is third in line to the throne after his grandfather, the Prince of Wales, and his father, Prince William, stopped to speak with members of the clergy on the way to his seat. Twitter user @RoyallyBelle cooed: “What a sweetheart greeting the clergy” Prince George also had a brief conversation with the Most Reverend Justin Welby, in which the Archbishop of Canterbury bent down to shake the young prince’s hand. DON'T MISS: Prince Philip memorial LIVE: 'Sour' BBC blasted for Philip coverage [LIVE] Queen would be ‘hurt’ if more countries left Commonwealth [INSIGHT] Kate and William unlikely to have another baby: ‘Too busy!' [REVEAL] After the Cambridges reached their seats, the Queen, 95, entered the venue through a separate entrance. Aided by a walking stick, she was helped to her place by her son, Prince Andrew. She appeared stoic in a smart dark green outfit, taking her seat just slightly apart from her son, the Prince of Wales. The Service hoped to “give thanks for His Royal Highness’s dedication to his family, to the Nation and to the Commonwealth as both Consort to Queen and a working member of the Royal Family in his own right”, a Palace statement said ahead of the service. Prince Philip died aged 99 last year, in the midst of strict COVID-19 restrictions. Just 30 people were permitted to attend the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral in April 2021. The service on Tuesday was opened with an address by the Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle, Dean of Westminster. He called the late Duke "a man of rare ability and distinction, rightly honoured and celebrated, he ever-directed our attention away from himself".