Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher has labelled Pele a “myth” and says he doesn’t believe the legendary Brazil striker scored over 1,000 goals during his career. Carragher’s tongue-in-cheek remark came after he had been discussing Cristiano Ronaldo’s hat-trick for Manchester United at the weekend, which saw the Portugal international officially crowned as the all-time leading scorer in men’s football. Pele is regarded by many as the best player in the history of the game and the superstar is the only footballer to lift three World Cups trophies. The 81-year-old finished his international career with 77 goals as he helped his country win football’s biggest prize in 1958, 1962 and 1970. Before the days of the internet and globalisation, it was difficult at times to keep track of players’ goal tallies and agree on which strikes should be regarded as official. And as a result there are contradictory statistics available when it comes to the amount of goals Pele notched. According to ESPN, the general consensus is that Pele scored 757 official first-class goals. MUST READ: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected  But the Rec.Sport.Soccer Statistics Foundation has his tally at 775. The man himself has claimed to have scored more than 1,000 goals throughout his career - and in 2013 he made it into the Guinness World Record books for scoring the most goals in history, with a tally of 1,279. Meanwhile, world governing body FIFA and South American football confederation CONMEBOL have apparently stated that Pele's goal tally stands at 1,281. And with so many figures being bandied about, Carragher doesn’t know what to believe. DON'T MISSFour managers Chelsea could turn to if Tuchel leaves after Abramovich crisis Arsenal can't afford to make Dusan Vlahovic mistake with Mikel Arteta targetLiverpool's XI next season if Mohamed Salah leaves and Reds sign £67m replacement     “This Pele figure - you’ve got a theory on that haven’t you,” Gary Neville said to Carragher on Monday Night Football. “I mentioned something in the meeting today,” came Carragher’s response. “I said Pele’s a bit of a myth - I’m not having this 1,000 goals. So that went down well, calling Pele a myth.” Meanwhile, Red Devils star Ronaldo has enjoyed a remarkable career at the top of the game and notched his 807th goal during his side’s 3-2 victory over Tottenham on Saturday.   And he has now been officially recognised as the all-time leading goalscorer in world football after surpassing Josef Bican’s tally of 805. The 37-year-old scored the majority of those goals for Real Madrid as he found the back of the net a staggering 450 times during his time at the Bernabeu. He has struck 136 goals during two spells at Old Trafford and got his name on the scoresheet 101 times for Juventus. And his tally for Portugal stands at a remarkable 115. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 