GB News presenters Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster covered the latest LA news asking who was the villain and who was the hero in Will Smith and Chris Rock's altercation. The comedian's joke targeting Jada Pinkett Smith left her Oscar-winning husband furious as he walked on stage to take a swing at Chris before blasting the comedian. Eamonn Holmes appeared puzzled on the morning news show as he dissected the Best Actor award-winner's reaction during the live broadcast. Jada is currently suffering from alopecia and Will took defending his wife's honour to a global level. When discussing the incident with his co-host, Eamonn said: "He did laugh at the joke and then took a while to reconsider it." His wife's glamourous Oscar look had her stepping out with a new hair look which the comedian compared to Demi Moore in G.I Jane. Read More: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn at big events   The presenter added: "By and large, I agree with you, it is very hard. They can probably slag Will Smith off, and he would take it, but you know a member of his family, his child or wife, or whatever is not so funny. "Who wouldn't have done that?" Just before Eamonn commented, Isabel read several viewers' comments stating that he did the right thing by putting his "wife before his award" and that LA is very "woke." He added: "But you are right about the wokeism."  "LA is wokeism central, isn't it? Isabel chimed in: "Well, you can't make a joke now without getting assaulted. "We are going to see what they are going to do about that. Who's the hero, and who's the villain? Chris Rock or Will Smith?" Eamonn concluded. Early in the show the pair spoke to their correspondent in LA, who was live at the event. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns as Marlon Dingle discovers he has another child? [SPOILERS]The Last Kingdom’s Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon celebrates milestone ‘Congratulations’[LATEST]Jason Manford’s appearance leaves Starstruck viewers distracted ‘Looks ridiculous’ [LATEST] From the red carpet, Darren Kennedy said: "Everyone is in absolute shock. "Everyone is absolutely stunned because at first, it looked like a stunt, and then everyone realised, it was that shocking moment, 'Oh, this is awkward this is actually for real.' "You could even see the audience, and people were just really uncomfortable. "I think it's the same reaction across the board, 'Did this really happen? Has Will Smith lost the plot?'"  He also likened it to a "family occasion and someone steps out of line" and that "Will Smith has let himself down." Fan Kieron Gross tweeted his defence for Will and said: "It's evident that Will has a lot going on, trivialising it with words like 'lost the plot' is not helpful especially given how open we ask people to be with mental health issues." Hurp Nurp thought it was a clever ploy to bolster the show's ratings, he commented: "Nope you've been sucked in. The Oscars desperately needed better ratings. And now it has them...". GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays at 6am.