Andy Murray has announced that he will reunite with his ex-coach Ivan Lendl after splitting with Jamie Delgado in December. And former tennis star Alex Corretja thinks Murray made the decision as he still “believes he can be a champion.” Murray first worked with Lendl in 2012 as the Scot won a gold medal in the singles at the London Olympics. Lendl then guided Murray to his first Grand Slam title at the US Open a few weeks later and was alongside him for his Wimbledon triumph in 2013. The pair split in 2014 but rekindled their partnership as Murray won his second Wimbledon title in 2016 before tasting another Olympic gold. And Corretja believes Lendl has arrived to oversee one final dance from Murray. “[Murray] still believes that he can be a champion otherwise you don’t go back with your ex-coach, with the one you achieved the most important tournaments of your career,” Corretja told Eurosport. READ MORE: Williams claims she'd 'be in jail' if she raged at umpire like Zverev   “I think they believe in each other - both of them. Andy goes back to his ex-coach because he feels ‘okay he is the one who gave me everything I know and he is the one who took everything I had inside.’ “And of course he wants to go there because he feels that Ivan gets the best out of his tennis. “And Ivan accepting that is because probably talking to Andy he still feels that’s he’s got some desire to still achieve something important. “Otherwise I don’t see Lendl taking the plane and go back to a tournament if he doesn’t feel that he can help Andy to achieve important things. DON'T MISS ATP give Zverev abuse investigation update as accuser 'not contacted' Zverev 'should face six-month ban' as authorities urged to take action Zverev returns in Davis Cup U-turn amid investigation for tantrum   “I’m not saying to keep maybe a high level for a long time but maybe to just make the last dance probably of Andy. And that’s why probably he’s motivated about it. “For me the most important thing is respect. Andy respects him so much. He knows Andy very well, he knows how to deal with Andy. “He knows not to react to Andy’s movements or strange things on the court. And he’s going to bring him some belief, some faith that he can still do it again. “And if you have someone next to you that brings you all this calmness, I think it’s very important to just give your best.   “From what I saw from Andy in the last few months, I must say that the level of his tennis is still high. “The only wonder is how can he keep that level for five, six, seven matches in a tournament. “That’s the only concern that I have about him, physically. Not mentally because I think he’s ready. Probably his tennis is already there as well but physically, that’s a question mark. “If Ivan can work with him properly I think he can still get some juice out of the tank. “When you’ve had so much success with a coach, then when you are in a bad moment you always feel inside your heart ‘I’m going to call this guy because he knows me.’” 