Henrick (played by Guy Henry) has been trying to do his best to get the wards of Holby City hospital out of special measures, despite all the odds being against him. The no-nonsense character has spent the last 12 years trying to manage the hospital whilst his personal life has made for dramatic watching on the BBC medical show. However, many of his colleagues' stories are going to be tied up in the next couple of weeks as the last-ever episode of the television drama airs at the end of the month but with its sister show Casualty continuing, Henrick could be making a couple more appearances. As the boss of the hospital, Henrick has already been seen in a few episodes of Casualty over the years to see how the Emergency Department has been ticking over. He has also played a main part in the crossovers between the two programmes, with the various departments of the hospital having to pull together. For this reason, Henrick won't just stop being in charge because Holby City has ended and he will continue to hold court with his colleagues in the ED. Due to the fact he is such a beloved character, his cameo appearances could lead to a more permanent role in the future. The actor who plays Henrick, Guy, has spoken out about the possibility of his character continuing to exist in the world of Casualty. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Guy explained: "Well, there have been many crossovers over the years. I've done many episodes of Casualty which I enjoy. "Because Henrik is supposed to be the boss of the whole hospital, it isn't an unreasonable thought that he will pop up in some episodes. "I don't think it’s likely that any of us would join it as regulars, though maybe one or two could. I would happily pop in and loom in corridors sometimes." The set of Holby City is located in Borehamwood, London, whereas the world of Casualty is located in Wales, where the weekly episodes are filmed. It is very likely for this reason Henrick's appearances would be on a cameo basis as Guy lives in London and would have to travel to the studios. In the past, Henrick has acted as the lead consultant in the Emergency Department in the absence of Connie Beauchamp (Amanda Mealing) a few years ago. The feisty character is currently taking a break from the action on-screen but she could be making her return very soon. Needing to get the ED in shape before Connie resumes her role, Hanssen could take charge for a couple of episodes and annoy many of the staff in the department. They have become like a family in the ED, with each person playing their own part and helping to make the system run as smoothly as possible. So will Hanssen realise he isn't actually needed and can take a step back as the team don't need him interfering head of Connie's return? DON'T MISS...Holby City legend Amanda Mealing details whether Connie will return [COMMENT]Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [INTERVIEW]Holby City legend Amanda Mealing speaks out about show's axe [COMMENT] Taking to Twitter, fans have been sharing their thoughts on what would happen to Henrick once the show comes to an end. Mitchell wrote: "I don’t want Holby to end but please move Henrick 'downstairs' to #Casualty when it does, we can’t have the hospital without him! #Holby." Annie added: "Obsessed with #Casualty giving us Henrik updates when he's not even on this show." Lexi posted: "Beautiful Henrik. He must be transferred over to #Casualty A life without Henrik Hanssen is no life at all." "Yay, Henrik is on Casualty... I like it when staff are in both series! #casualty," Lana shared on the social media platform. Guy also addressed how the show is going to end later this month, explaining: "It's primarily a return to the core values of the show, which were always aiming to show the core value of the NHS. "It pays tribute to the proper people who work in that environment. "I believe the overarching theme of the last episodes/months of it is a celebration of the NHS and it's doing it very well, actually. "My character has gone in a direction that I think is interesting and might even have a twinkle of happiness by the end of it. "How do you finish 23 years of a weekly story of these people's lives? It will be quite moving and quite shocking," he said in an interview with Digital Spy. The cast and crew finished filming on the show back in December, with production teams working away to edit the final episodes over the past few months. On March 29, 2022, at 7:50pm the final-ever instalment will be broadcast but there is still plenty of drama to come before then. A synopsis for Tuesday night's episode reads: "Fletch makes a last-ditch attempt to find a surgeon to save Jac’s life. "Kylie tries to persuade Jac to visit Madge at home to find out what is behind her betrayal of Holby." But will Jac Naylor (Rosie Marcel) be saved in time and will Henrick play a part in helping her get an operation to remove her tumour? Holby City continues tonight at 7:50pm on BBC One.