The former Ukip party leader took aim at the Conservative party, saying it made "a complete and utter mess" of Brexit. He said the delay in triggering Article 50 gave Remain voters time to "build their massive campaign...to stop Brexit". Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, the official mechanism for allowing a country to withdraw from the European Union, was triggered by the UK Government nine months after the country voted to leave the European Union. Theresa May activated Article 50 in March 2017, from which point the UK had two years to leave the EU. But Mr Farage said this gave Remainers the time to try and prevent Brexit from taking place. Speaking on GB News, he said: "We should have triggered Article 50 immediately after the referendum. "If we had done that, we would not have given the Remainers and the establishment the time to build their massive campaign. "That campaign that was to basically stop Brexit from happening. "If Article 50 had been triggered straight away none of that would have happened. "But the Tories made a complete and utter mess of it [triggering Article 50]... the official Conservative policy [at the time of the referendum] was that we should remain. "And of course we finished up with a remain Prime Minister in Theresa May." READ MORE: GB News: Nigel Farage predicts 100,000 migrants After three extensions to the Article 50 deadline, the UK completed the withdrawal process on 24 December 2020. Theresa May, who campaigned to remain in the EU during the referendum, was forced to resign in 2019. This came after she had her deal with the EU rejected three times by parliament. She survived a no confidence vote in December 2018, but chose to step down herself in May 2019 after failing to gain support for her deal. DON'T MISS: Poland breaks ranks with EU to pull rug from under Putin [REVEAL] EU reeling from inflation warning that high costs are here to stay [ANALYSIS] Putin's Brexit mistake has Russia scrambling as UK leads fight [INSIGHT] Her own MPs refused to get behind the deal, while she also struggled to reach a compromise with the opposition. In a last-ditch attempt to convince MPs to support her EU Withdrawal Agreement Bill, she offered them a vote on whether to hold a second referendum if the bill passed. While it was an attempt to gain support from Labour MPs, it primarily served to enrage Tory MPs who viewed it as a betrayal of the 2016 referendum outcome. As a result, members of her cabinet began openly opposing the bill and party members called for her to resign. She resigned, saying: "It will always remain a matter of deep regret for me that I have not been able to deliver Brexit. "It is now clear to me that it is in the best interest of the UK for a new PM to lead that effort." Brexiteer Boris Johnson succeeded Theresa May in July 2019.