Romanda joined Bradley Walsh on The Chase for a chance to take home a slice of the jackpot prize. However, the contestant ended up making a mistake which cost her her place in the final and led to Chaser Darragh ‘The Menace’ Ennis hitting out in frustration at the way Romanda was defeated. First up to face the Chaser was Haydn who earned £2,000 in his cash builder round. The player admitted he was feeling nervous and opted for the lower offer of £200. However, he needn’t had worried as he sailed through to the final and would have likely secured a higher figure if he had taken it. Romanda was next up to face Darragh and played for the £6,000 she had earned. Read more: Mark Labbett takes brutal swipe at contestant 'No great loss there' During her head-to-head, Bradley asked: “What organisation did Martin Bell leave to stand as an independent MP in 1997?” The possible answers were BBC, NHS and TUC but Romanda struggled. Bradley warned: “We need an answer,” but the contestant ran out of time. “Oh sugar,” she exclaimed before the host asked what her answer would have been. Romanda shared she would have chosen BBC before Bradley revealed that was indeed the right answer. Darragh answered correctly and commented: “This is not how we ever want to win. “Make sure you get an answer in even if it’s just a guess.” Although Romanda didn’t make the same mistake again, she was caught by the Chaser after struggling with the next question. DON'T MISSThe Chase viewers thrilled over ITV show first 'We love to see it!!' [INSIGHT]‘Harsh!’ The Chase fans blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer [VIDEO]The Chase: Bradley Walsh gobsmacked over 'brutal' performance [INSIGHT] Bradley remarked: “There’s not a lot we can do about that sadly. “Very good player nonetheless and the team will be very sad to see you go.” Darragh added: “There’s nothing that we want less than to get someone because they ran out of time. “You knew that answer, you probably would have got through. You’re desperately unlucky you just didn’t press in time.” The Chaser later said to Bradley: “Running out of time is the worst but I’m glad to have caught her because she’s a very good player.” The next two players Makyla and Roger made it through to the final adding £5,000 and £4,000 to the prize fund respectively. However, the team struggled in the final and were beaten by Darragh with 30 seconds to go. The Chase airs on ITV on weekdays at 5pm.