National Rally leader Ms Le Pen is the closest rival for Mr Macron in the race to become the country's President, with the first round of the election taking place on April 10. But French Interior Minister Gérald Darmanin warned she is appealing to the people Mr Macron is not working hard enough to win over. Mr Darmanin suggested the President ought to focus on canvassing working-class French voters as opposed to those in the middle class. He told France 5: “[Le Pen] is dangerous for the President and she can win this election.” Times of great national and international crisis are often said to draw people closer to their leaders. In the UK, for example, the fact Boris Johnson was until recently facing numerous calls, including from his own benches, to resign over what was dubbed ‘Partygate’ appears to have been almost completely forgotten about – or, at the least, to have been downgraded – in the national discussion. Instead, focus has been centred on Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the Prime Minister’s response to it, which has received a fair deal of praise. In France, however, there are reports Mr Macron is struggling to drum up enthusiasm in his bid to be re-elected President. The En Marche! leader led an enthusiastic – and ultimately, successful – campaign ahead of the 2017 election. But Covid, which his Government responded heavily too, with vaccine passport obligations only recently being partially abolished, and Ukraine have taken centre stage. READ MORE: Failing Macron prepares for another call with Putin Mr Macron appears to have held more discussions with Vladimir Putin and Volodymyr Zelensky than any other Western leader – no fewer than 42 calls and three meetings as of the middle of this week, according to Roger Cohen from the New York Times. All the while, figures close to Mr Macron suggest he should be doing more to win favour at home, or risk losing office. Olivia Grégoire, Junior Finance Minister for Social Economy and Solidarity, stressed while the President is on course to win again, this should not be taken for granted. She, quoted in the Financial Times, said: "In life as in politics, nothing is ever certain, nothing is ever won in advance. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] "It’s essential that we mobilise.” Political scientist Pascal Perrineau also said: "There’s none of the Macron novelty there was before. "Now he belongs to the old world.” This image contrast starkly with that of Mr Macron five years ago, the leader whose campaign book was titled “Revolution”. The Mr Macron of today needs to stand up, according to Bruno Cautrès of Sciences Po. Mr Cautrès, also quoted in FT, said: "For the moment the most probable outcome is the re-election of Macron. “But that doesn’t mean it’s completely certain or that he can go to the election with his hands in his pockets. It’s very competitive all the same.”