The Queen's second son Prince Andrew married Sarah Ferguson back in 1986, and the pair were together for a decade before eventually divorcing in 1996. Although Andrew and Sarah are no longer together, they are known to maintain a close friendship and they share two adult daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. And today the anniversary of a key relationship moment has rolled around, but it could envoke both some sad and happy feelings for the Duke and Duchess of York. From the outset, Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew appeared to be a very happy couple, and they were all smiles on their wedding day in 1986. Sarah and Andrew married at Westminster Abbey on July 23, and crowds of people lined the streets to catch a glimpse of the newlyweds as they shared their first kiss as a married couple on the Buckingham Palace balcony. In the years to follow, the Duke and Duchess of York would welcome two daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, in 1988 and 1990 respectively. But while their children were growing up, Sarah and Andrew's relationship was frequently put under the spotlight, and the couple would go on to separate in 1992. READ MORE: Queen needed 'generous deal' as the royals were 'running out of money'  The Duke and Duchess of York's divorce was finalised in 1996, but unusually for a divorced couple, Andrew and Sarah are still good friends today. Sarah is also known to be a frequent guest at Andrew's residence of the Royal Lodge in Windsor, and she has stood by him amid the fallout of his association with the late convicted sex offender, Jeffrey Epstein. Today (March 17) marks the anniversary of Andrew and Sarah's engagement announcement which, given the couple are now divorced, could be a sad milestone for Sarah and Andrew. But it could also be a cause to celebrate, as Sarah is known to cherish her marriage to Andrew and their family.  Sarah has previously spoken warmly of the closeness of the York family unit, and how she and Andrew successfully co-parented Beatrice and Eugenie. Speaking of her relationship with her ex-husband, Sarah told the Daily Mail in 2018: "We’re the happiest divorced couple in the world. We’re divorced to each other, not from each other." Now 36 years ago, the announcement of Prince Andrew's engagement to Sarah Ferguson was met with much fanfare. Royal fans were desperate to know more about the newest addition to the Royal Family, who would go on to become the Duchess of York.  DON'T MISS:Queen urged to remove Prince Harry and Prince Andrew as counsellors [INSIGHT]Royal Family not to blame for Andrew’s ‘disgraceful behaviour’ – POLL [POLL] Queen’s rejection of Prince Andrew over scandal: ‘You deal with this’ [ANALYSIS] When the engagement was announced, Sarah debuted a stunning ruby and diamond ring from then-royal jeweller Garrard that resembled a flower. And the ring was thought to be designed based on sketches Andrew had made, making the proposal all the more special. During their engagement photo call the same day, Sarah and Andrew were all smiles and giggles as they introduced their romance to the world. Andrew explained how their relationship began, stating: ″We have known each other since we were four or five, but we only really noticed each other fairly recently.″ While Sarah added: ″We met up again in 1983 at a house party and became very good friends. ″Then in June 1985, when I was a guest of the Queen at Royal Ascot we became better friends.″ 