Manchester United are in the running for sought-after Bayern Leverkusen star Moussa Diaby, according to reports - but face competition from Arsenal and Newcastle in a bid to sign the Frenchman down to a long-term deal.  The Red Devils are in freefall at the moment, with another trophyless season on the horizon having been knocked out of the Champions League earlier this week. Rivals Manchester City only have to pick up eight points from their last nine games to ensure the Red Devils don't win a major honour for the fifth year running. But the Old Trafford-based outfit could take a step to changing that next season with some inspired signings. One of those that has been linked is Diaby, who has been in insane form for the German outfit since his move from Paris Saint-Germain for £13million back in 2019. His 12 goals and seven assists in just 24 Bundesliga games have piqued the interest of Europe's top clubs. And United could have competition from Arsenal and Newcastle if they are to pursue a move for the Frenchman, according to Sport.  The report states that all three are interested in the star, who has no release clause. It is thought a fee of £54m would be enough to tempt Die Werkself to sell up, although it remains to be seen if a bid could become a formality. United's promising young wingers Jadon Sancho and Anthony Elanga could provide their new boss with good quality depth if they are to progress in the Premier League. However, Newcastle's newfound wealth and Arsenal's progression as a club in the last year could see the Paris-born winger refuse a move to United. The link comes just two weeks after Rangnick questioned the club's integrity and lack of knowledge in transfer windows of the past - pointing to rivals City and Liverpool as the blueprint for future success. “It’s a question of continuity and consistency, knowing exactly how I want to play as a club and a manager,” he said.  "Of having a clear transfer strategy and signing players who fit into that system. That’s what both clubs have been doing in the last five or six years. “If I look at their transfer policy and their transfer success, they haven’t had many players who after one or two years people would have said maybe that wasn’t the right signing. Both clubs have been pretty successful and this is where Manchester United have to go again. “Under Sir Alex they were there, but since then there have been quite a few different managers and to close the gap to those two clubs, you have to make sure that the recruitment is right. You have to be quick e nough in the transfer market, knowing the market and signing the right players in the right moment.” 