Demi Rose has taken to Instagram to continue to document her birthday trip away to the Alps as she stripped off for a series of saucy hot tub snaps. The model, 27, left little to the imagination as she put on a busty display in front of a stunning alpine backdrop. However, it wasn't the mountainous landscape that caught her fans' attention. In view of her 19.2 million followers, the Pretty Little Thing model stripped off to reveal some stunning lingerie as she basked in the fresh mountain air. Posing strategically, Demi flaunted her incredible figure as she leant against the edge of the wooden pool. Crossing her right leg over her left, she showcased her perfect curves in a silvery-grey set of lingerie that looked less than appropriate for taking a mountain-side dip in. Demi donned a feathered bra that featured intricate snowflake detailing on each cup. READ MORE: Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock However, it was her choice of swimwear on her lower half that sparked a frenzy. The extreme cut-out design of the high-waisted thong hugged her hourglass figure and perfectly fit in with the alpine scenery. She simply captioned the set of snaps: "Bonjour." In the first picture, Demi glanced down coyly as she topped up her already perfect tan. The second shot featured a close-up snap of the Birmingham native, who had leaned her peachy derriere up against the edge of the hot tub. Pulling her swimwear up, Demi gazed out of shot as her blonde tresses flowed down her chest in loose plaits. But it was the third snap that proved to be the most eye-popping. Not one to shy away from the camera, Demi flaunted her peachy behind in the tub revealing the thong design of the garment while tanning her back. DON'T MISS... Richard Williams ‘doesn’t condone’ Will Smith Oscars slap [INSIGHT]Katya Jones denies reports of rift between ex-Soviet Strictly co-stars [UPDATE]Jamie Lee Curtis weighs in on Will Smith's infamous Oscars slap [ANALYSIS] For her outdoor shoot, Demi opted for natural-looking makeup paired with a fittingly silver eye-shadow and soft pink lip. Demi's update comes days after she revealed that she was jet-setting to France to celebrate her 27th birthday. Posting enviable snaps of herself on a private jet, the model sipped a glass of champagne as she made her way to Europe from where she had been staying in St Lucia. Yesterday, Demi revealed that she had been hitting the slopes as she posted a series of snaps of herself decked out in designer ski gear. Donning a leopard-print Christian Dior onesie, Demi showcased her chic ski style, which she matched to a pair of tan and boucle snow boots. The onesie served to highlight her perfectly rounded behind as she posed up a storm on the slopes. The star has been documenting her birthday trip in her stories, revealing that she's been partying in the luxury skiing destination of Courchevel. Earlier today, Demi shared clips of her and her friends enjoying some apres-ski at the exclusive French-Mediterranean restaurant, Bagatelle, in the resort.