Radio DJ Chris Evans was left in a state of shock earlier after discovering that Maggie May hitmaker Sir Rod Stewart has been funding rescue efforts to save Ukrainian civilians amid Russia's ongoing invasion of the country. Hosting The Chris Evans Breakfast Show with Sky earlier today, the radio star, 55, was left astounded at finding out through his wife Natasha that the Hot Legs singer, 77, had been securing Ukrainian refugees a route out of the war-torn country. Speaking to his co-hosts Vassos Alexander and Rachel Horne, Chris revealed earlier on in the show his Buckinghamshire-based home was facing a rodent problem. He told how the mice were coming into his home through a cat flap, despite his family not owning a feline. He went on to add he hadn't seen their pest control expert around for a while. However, later in the show, he revealed the surprising reason why. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' The star received a text from his wife Natasha Shishmanian, who gave him an update on what the professional had been up to. Chris said: "My wife has also told me about Paul, our pest control expert who hasn't been round for a while. "And he's just texted her to tell her why. "He hasn't been around for a while because he has been busy driving to Ukraine and bussing refugees back to the UK, funded by Rod Stewart," explained Chris. Astounded, he went on: "And I've just found all this out now "Wow," uttered his co-hosts in unison. "Isn't that great?" Chris added. "Yeah," affirmed his co-host Vassos. DON'T MISS... ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [INSIGHT]'Caught playing Wordle!' Dan Walker reacts to BBC Breakfast mishap [ANALYSIS]Jennifer Lopez, 52, flaunts ageless looks in curve enhancing outfits [UPDATE] Chris went on: "It's very moving, that is very moving. "I haven't heard Rod Stewart talking about that at all." Two days ago, Sir Rod sent a message of support to a security firm that had been driving van-loads of supplies to Ukraine. In a message, Rod told operations manager Martin Jackson: "Martin, it's Rod Stewart here mate. Well done, for getting out there and helping. "I've sponsored four trucks that are in Germany at the minute, they will come and meet you in Poland. Well done, son, I'm proud of you." Today, Chris told how his show is raising funds for the people of Ukraine by holding a prize auction in support of the Disasters Emergency Committee. One of the lots was a prize of four tickets to see Rod Stewart live in Las Vegas, as well as a meet and greet, three nights of accommodation at Caesars Palace, as well as flights to the States. The current bid to meet the Do Ya Think I'm Sexy star is at £20,000. You can visit here to view the lots and place bids for Auction for Ukraine.