After saying goodbye to Bravo’s hit yachting reality show in season five, Below Deck Mediterranean star Hannah Ferrier and her longtime beau exchanged their I do’s. The star gave viewers a glimpse into her special day which caused a frenzy among fans and her co-stars.  Hannah Ferrier officially married her longtime boyfriend Josh Roberts in a stunning ceremony, which according to E! News took place on Saturday. The couple first got engaged in November 2020, four weeks after welcoming their first child, a daughter named Ava Grace. Hannah took to social media to post the engagement news on her 34th birthday. The former Chief Stewardess shared a number of photos from her wedding day on Instagram, where she received tons of well-wishes READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is  In the snaps, she could be seen wearing a floor-length Velani wedding gown with lace detailing on the sleeves. Hannah completed the look with an updo, which held up her intricate veil that also appeared to be the same length as her dress. She was all smiles in the photos which captured her alongside her husband Josh who sported a traditional Kilt suit, completed with a bow tie. The photos also revealed Ava Grace was in attendance as she was seen wearing a cute flower crown next to her newly married parents.  In the caption, Hannah simply wrote: “What a day. What a man,” while her co-stars flooded the comments with praise. Ex crew member @Colin_MacyoToole posted: “Yay! Congrats Momma.” Stew @nastiasurmava added: “THERE SHE IS!!!!!! Love you guys.” Star @allidoreporfavour commented: “How you pulled this together with everything else I cannot believe! You’re amazing and you look stunning. Congratulations both of you you’re glowing my darling.”  DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith [INSIGHT] Below Deck's Captain Sandy admits family regret in candid post [INSIGHT]Below Deck’s Captain Glenn Shephard 'slams' guests' small tip [REACTION] The current chief stew @aesha_jean stated: “ABSOLUTE PERFECTION, That first picture is sooo on point.” While stewardess @jessicamore180 shared: “OMGGGG you look ABSOLUTELY STUNNING BABE !!! Wow!!! I’m soooo happy for you!! Love you XX.” As thousands of fans also expressed their well-wishes, @lurganmimi wrote: “Congratulations, you and your new hubby look marvellous.” E! News continued to share reports from the wedding and revealed Hannah’s mother helped Ava walk down the aisle.  The publication also unveiled three of the groomsmen and the father-in-law sported matching Kilt suits. Hannah and Josh began dating in 2018 after their first introduction which took place when she began production for season four. It was revealed, at the time Josh was unaware Hannah was a reality TV star and once she told him, he didn’t care. The bride shared: “We had a glass of wine and then we went for dinner the next night, and then we caught up for drinks after the races the night after that. “And then we just spent, like, seven days seeing each other for something each day.” Below Deck Mediterranean is available in the USA on Bravo and in the UK on Hayu. 