Juventus forward Paulo Dybala is set to walk away from the Turin club this summer after contract negotiations broke down. And the ace could now attempt to agree terms with a Premier League club. Dybala joined Juve from Palermo in 2015 and has been a star player for his side over the last seven years. He has gone on to rack up 113 goals in 283 appearances and has been capped 32 times for Argentina. And Express Sport takes a look at four Premier League clubs the 28-year-old could join at the end of the season on a free transfer. Tottenham Dybala has been linked with a move to Tottenham for months and could well join the north Londoners to link-up with former Juve sporting director Fabio Paratici. Antonio Conte would surely jump at the chance to sign a player of Dybala’s quality, especially if talisman Harry Kane departs the club at the end of the season. And Spurs have already shown they are willing to do business with the Turin team after signing Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur in January. JUST IN: Man Utd face Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern 'bid' jeopardises plans   Arsenal While Tottenham’s interest in Dybala has been clear, their north London rivals Arsenal could be inconspicuously looking to enter the race for his signature. The Gunners allowed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to leave the club in January, while current striker Alexandre Lacazette is out of contract this summer and looks set to make his exit as well. So Arsenal are in desperate need of a new frontman. And if the Gunners can beat Spurs to the final Champions League spot, Dybala might just opt for the red half of north London. Manchester United Manchester United have had plenty of issues in front of goal this season and have been heavily reliant on blockbuster forward Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal international has found the back of the net 18 times but has been maligned at times and could be set to move on this summer. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's kit for 2022/23 'leaked' as Adidas copy design from Man UtdTottenham's Conte given cause for concern by Argentina's Romero callMan City have Haaland fear with Real Madrid set to use transfer tactic  Dybala could still have his best years ahead of him and would surely be more than happy to join one of the biggest clubs in the world and help get them firing again. Newcastle Newcastle could also make an audacious attempt to land Dybala after rising up the Premier League table in recent weeks. The Magpies had looked certain to be relegated this season but they’re one of the form sides in the top flight and are now nine points above the drop zone. Newcastle were taken over by a Saudi-led consortium last autumn and will have prodigious sums of cash to throws at Dybala. So if he wants to be part of the club’s future Premier League success, he could decide the north east is the place to be. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 