Red Bull chief Christian Horner believes that Toto Wolff shouldn’t take too much credit for Lewis Hamilton’s success at Mercedes. Hamilton is level with legendary driver Michael Schumacher at the top of the all-time F1 championship standings. Wolff left his role with Williams in 2013 to join Mercedes after Norbert Haug had departed the Silver Arrows. Hamilton joined the Brackley-based team in the same year after winning his first F1 title with McLaren in 2008. The Briton has gone on to win another six titles during his time with Mercedes, including four in a row between 2017 and 2020. Wolff has clearly played a part in Hamilton’s triumphs over the last nine years. But Horner has insisted that Mercedes already had everything in place to guarantee success before Wolff arrived. MUST READ: Nikita Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher as Haas F1 driver binned over Ukraine invasion  “What you have to remember about Toto is he has inherited something that is already well-oiled,” Horner told Netflix’s new Drive to Survive series, which gives a behind-the-scenes insight into the 2021 season. “He has not had to build anything. He operates the team in a much different way to me. “He is much more motivated by the financials or F1 than perhaps the competition.” Horner’s comments were later put to Wolff during a separate interview for Drive to Survive. DON'T MISS:Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's controlToto Wolff stokes the flames over Max Verstappen incident as Jenson Button places blameLewis Hamilton given taste of his own medicine by Max Verstappen claims old foe Rosberg  And the Austrian claimed he doesn’t pay too much attention to his rivals. “I don't care what others are doing,” Wolff hissed. “It's about optimising my contribution in the team without looking elsewhere.” Red Bull and Mercedes went toe-to-toe for individual glory and team success last year as the season went down to the death. Hamilton had look set to win a record eighth title after building a comprehensive lead at the season-deciding Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.   But victory was cruelly snatched away from the Stevenage-born ace after title-rival Max Verstappen was allowed to pull level with him for a one-lap shootout following a late safety car period. And Verstappen stormed to race victory to win the F1 title for the first time. Mercedes did manage to secure the Constructors’ Championship, however, as they won the prize for the eighth consecutive time. The teams are set to up the ante once again this year as they prepare for the start of the new F1 season. The second round of pre-season testing will take place later this week in Bahrain, before the country plays host to the opening Grand Prix of the season next weekend. 