Queen Elizabeth II has been a style icon for more than seven decades on the British throne, from dressing for diplomacy to her love of bold colours. A spokesperson from Dune Bags stated: "After her coronation and up to this date, Queen Elizabeth II has been known for her iconic style that truly encapsulates the modern monarch. She introduced the royal style of dressing for diplomacy." The Queen's love of wearing bold, bright colours is by no means accidental, according to an expert. Crowned in 1953, "the war was officially over", and the Queen marked this by swapping from pastels to more vibrant tones. As if to "celebrate the rebirth of the nation", she began to wear yellows, greens, reds, and blues, which she continues to do til this day. READ MORE: Camilla stuns in 'ideal' £40k brooch that she wore to Philip's funeral In the documentary The Queen at 90, Sophie Wessex revealed another reason why the Queen wears monochrome outfits in vibrant colours. "Don't forget that when she turns up somewhere, the crowds are two, three, four, ten, 15 deep, and someone wants to be able to say they saw a bit of the Queen's hat as she went past." Robert Hardman, the Queen's biographer, quoted her as saying, "I can never wear beige because nobody will know who I am." Kate Middleton is also partial to a bold coloured outfit, with Elizabeth Holmes, author of 'HRH: So Many Thoughts on Royal Style', telling Insider that the Duchess emulates the Queen in this regard. "It feels as though Kate has studied the Queen's wardrobe and what she does with those brightly coloured coats and hats. I think that Kate is embracing the attention around her fashion." Just last week, Kate kicked off her Caribbean tour with a head to toe royal blue ensemble, complete with Jenny Packham lace peplum top, pencil skirt, Emmy London Rebecca pumps and clutch bag. The Queen also uses fashion to depict the context of her visits. A spokesperson from Dune Bags stated: "When she paid a visit to France in 1957, Hartnell, still her trusted dress designer, embroidered French flowers and Napoleonic bees on her garment. "Her trip to Canada was monumentalised by green velvet maple leaves on a pale green satin dress, and she honoured India with louts flowers elements." Yet it seems that Queen Elizabeth "isn’t leading the parade of dressing for diplomacy on her own", with the Duchess of Cambridge honouring Ireland for St Patrick's Day in 2019. "Kate Middleton fashioned a chic but considerate Alexander McQueen dark green coat commissioned by her trusted designer Sarah Burton. "Rigorously tailored, the coat featured carefully selected military accents, such as metallic buttons and a high collar." The "emanation of dressing for diplomacy", Kate accessorised with a shamrock brooch and fresh stems pinned to her outwear. This echoed the Queen's fashion choices during her 2011 visit to Ireland. Just as she donned bright, bold colours to signify the end of the Second World War, the Queen "divorced a century of conflict through her political dressing" in Ireland. Wearing an "array of shamrock-centric outfits from the moment she stepped out of the plane to when she left", she set the trend of symbolic dress within the Royal Family. Her most "iconic diplomatic look" was a white dress embellished with an incredible 2,091 hand-sewn silk shamrocks.