Queen Elizabeth II, 95, celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year, marking 70 years on the throne. Britain’s longest-serving monarch has witnessed the fall of the British Empire and the remaking of modern Europe during her historic reign. The Queen immediately succeeded her father King George VI as Sovereign upon his death in 1952. Seven decades on, the monarch continues to be a figurehead for the nation during challenging times. According to royal historian Hugo Vickers, who was in Russia for the historic occasion, Yeltsin was “eating out of the Queen’s hand” as the monarch embarked on her “soft power” tour on behalf of the British Government. The expert, who knows Her Majesty personally, has helped plan her last three jubilees and has helped promote the Platinum Jubilee. He told Express.co.uk: “I worked out rather late in life what I think she does [best] – she’s a great conciliator. “Everything that she does seems to be towards making things better for the rest of us with diplomatic things. “Those state visits that she does, like the one I went to in Russia. “It was absolutely fascinating how it all began very formally on a Tuesday and by Friday, Yeltsin was sort of eating out of her hand. “And putting on special displays of troops marching up and down on the quayside and near the Royal Yacht Britannia and looking sort of wistfully as she sailed away into the night.” The visit was heavy on symbolism, not only because of the collapse of the Soviet Union, but also because of Britain and Russia’s shared history. The two nations’ Royal Families were linked by the country’s last Czar Nicholas II – a distant cousin of the Queen and Philip – who was killed by the Bolsheviks in 1918. During their tour, Philip and the Queen watched a performance of ‘Giselle’ by the Bolshoi Ballet. DON'T MISS: Queen urged to axe Prince Harry role immediately as monarch faces the 'unthinkable' [LATEST]Royal POLL: Do YOU think William should have apologised to Jamaica? [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton: Royal Family’s ‘behind-the-scenes operation’ to make her ‘star’ [ANALYSIS] Yeltsin also put on a state banquet for the royals before the Queen returned the favour aboard Britannia in St. Petersburg with her own dinner on the final night of the tour. Mr Vickers recalled the spectacular reception and how Yeltsin reacted as Her Majesty left Russia. He said: “There was a reception after dinner. The Queen, Prince Philip and the Yeltsins lined up and you met them all, shook them by the hand and then joined the reception. “Then he put on this special march past, up and down on the quayside. “The Queen came down from Britannia in a long mink sort of cloak, which I think had probably been given to her by Nikita Khrushchev. “She was sparkling with jewels, looking absolutely like a Queen. “And as he said goodbye to her. He kissed her hand, and off she went. He’d met a person that he was never going to see again.” The royal expert also remembered attending an extraordinary meeting between Yeltsin and the Queen in the Kremlin Palace’s stunning St. George’s Hall. He said: “This is when the visiting head of state comes in and presents her suite, her private secretary and her ambassador and everybody to the President. “And then he presents his team to her, and I think there were probably a couple of national anthems and maybe something else and the whole thing was over in about 10 minutes. “That’s a very, very formal meeting. Obviously, then they met privately, and they went to the ballet together.”