Prince Harry's bombshell book, which is due for release later this year, has sparked concerns and is expected to cause controversy. The Duke of Sussex moved to the US with wife Meghan Markle two years ago after announcing that they were stepping down from royal duties. The Duke's decision to step down has caused tensions between him and other members of the Royal Family, particularly his brother, Prince William. Speaking to ToDiForDaily's podcast host Kinsey Schofield, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams discussed closely the rift between the two brothers. He said: "In my view, both brothers were inseparable. "It's in no doubt that one of the tragedies is that they have taken very different roads." Mr Fitzwilliams discussed how he sees "no rift being healed" due to the release of Harry's memoir: "The problem is what is going to be in that book." The release of the memoir comes just one year after Prince Harry and Meghan's "destructive" televised interview with Oprah. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks Kate & William backlash overseas Royal experts have claimed their decision to exit created tensions within a previously close brotherly bond. In Channel 5's recent documentary 'Harry and Meghan Vs The Monarchy', Dylan Howard, author of Royals At War, said: "William, as a staunch advocate for everything the Royal Family means, is obviously going to be dragged into this.” In the recorded interview with Oprah, the couple shared their experiences as working members of the Royal Family and explained why they stepped back to begin a new life in America. READ MORE: Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role as new fears emerge They alleged there had been conversations from certain unnamed Royal Family members about how dark their son Archie's skin would be when he was born. Meghan also revealed she had "suicidal thoughts" during her time in The Firm and claimed she was denied help for her mental health. Prince Harry also discussed William's position within the institution. He claimed William was "trapped" within the monarchy and added: "My brother can’t leave that system, but I have.” DON'T MISS Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT] The memoir will cover his "lifetime in the public eye" from his childhood to his life as a husband and father in the present day. It will "offer an honest and captivating personal portrait", the Archewell statement also said last summer. The Duke himself spoke about his debut as an author saying: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become."