The dance prodigy leaped his way to fame after claiming the Britain's Got Talent winners' title back in 2009, but a meeting with the Queen at the subsequent Royal Variety Show left him a little tongue-tied and terrified of saying the wrong thing. While the likes of Lady Gaga, who dressed in a red latex ensemble for the occasion, seemed to have no fears, Perri freely admitted he was petrified. "Meeting the Queen is quite scary actually - very cool, don't get me wrong, but scary," he confessed. "Obviously it was a prize for winning Britain's Got Talent to perform at the Royal Variety [Show] - and I thought I was really, really, really excited..." However then it struck him - he didn't know what he was supposed to say. During the big moment, with TV camera flashbulbs lighting up all around him, it occurred to him that "you need to speak to her a certain way". READ NOW: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star "I don't even know what I'm supposed to say - it's 'Ma'am' like 'Jam' instead of 'Ma'am' [like Marm]," he elaborated. "You can't say [the latter] because you've not met her before - and I was a kid. "I was like 'Oh my God, I'm gonna get it wrong and get rugby tackled by some kind of security' - but luckily it went all right. It was nerve-wracking for sure." He also reflected: "Everything is always going at such a high speed that there's never really a moment to take it all in until you stop and look back. "Then it's like 'Oh my God, this is crazy!'" In comparison to struggling with royal protocol, the 26-year-old Perri enjoys presenting his KISS Breakfast radio show with co-star Jordan Banjo. "I make sure that the night before I'm prepped, got my clothes out and my bag packed like I'm back to school!" he joked. Following a campaign with Naked Smoothies, he has also been drinking down strawberry flavoured drinks on his way to work to prevent the yawns from creeping in. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [REACTION] Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [LATEST] ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [INSIGHT]  Although his morning routine doesn't sound quite as crazy as the one practised by Oti Mabuse, who gets up and starts dancing at 3am, before heading back under the covers to snooze, often until the clock hits midday, Perri is certainly energetic. "As a dancer, I’m lucky enough to be moving a lot of the time," he has explained. "However, I still like to give myself a warmup before the craziness of the day ahead. "If I’m not behind schedule, sometimes I’ll do a quick TikTok dance. "One of my favourite morning moves is The Woah as it’s perfect for releasing any tension in the body." Perri also likes to wake up to an ice cold room, refusing to close windows while he sleeps, despite resistance from his girlfriend. "I have my windows wide open even in winter (much to my girlfriend’s dismay)," he confessed. Naked Smoothies has partnered with Perri Kiely to empower the nation to boost their mornings and get the best out of every day with the help of Naked Strawberry Zing, a new strawberry and banana smoothie with a zingy twist of raspberry. For more information on the campaign visit the brand's Instagram account.