Major changes are expected to be introduced at the beginning of April with Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) rates increasing in line with inflation. Many drivers are concerned this will add to their already rising cost of living, with many households facing pricey gas, fuel and electric prices. Kevin Pratt, car insurance expert at Forbes Advisor, warned drivers of the rules they have to follow when paying car tax. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “The golden rule is, your car must be taxed at all times, even if you never drive it. “Unless, that is, you apply for a Statutory Off Road Notification (SORN) from the DVLA and park on a drive, in a garage or on private land. “But if you do have a SORN, you must tax the vehicle before you drive it or park it on a public road, or you risk a £2,500 fine. READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water “If the annual tax payment you’re facing is simply too much to pay in one go, you can opt to pay monthly or you can pay every six months.” Drivers can choose to either take their car off the road immediately or on the first day of the next month. They will get a refund for any full months of remaining tax, with drivers not being able to use the vehicle on the road until they tax it again. Motorists do not need to make a SORN for a vehicle they have already sold, with them being advised to tell the DVLA they have sold the vehicle instead. DON'T MISSDad's fury as 'holidaying' stranger parks car on his driveway for days [SHOCKING]Drivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [COMMENT]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT] This requires drivers to tell the DVLA they no longer own a vehicle or if they buy a vehicle as either a registered keeper or motor trader. Mr Pratt added: “But bear in mind this won’t save you money in the long run, as a five percent surcharge is levied on your tax bill for this flexibility. “And remember that if you have an electric vehicle with zero emissions and a £0 tax charge, or if you qualify for the £0 rate because you are disabled or drive a car that’s over 40 years old, you still have to register for VED – you just won’t have to cough up any money.” According to the Government, drivers need to make a SORN when they take the vehicle “off the road” and they want to stop taxing and insuring it. Drivers need to make a SORN if the vehicle is not taxed, not insured, if they plan to break the car down to sell for parts or if they want to buy or receive a vehicle. Even if the car is uninsured for a short period of time, the car must have a SORN. For example, if there is a delay in renewing their car insurance policy, it must still be designated as “off the road”. Drivers can also be fined for not having the correct car insurance policy, including a fixed penalty of £100 for having no insurance whatsoever. It could even lead to a motorist having their vehicle wheel-clamped, impounded or destroyed. In some cases, they could face a court prosecution, with a possible maximum fine of £1,000. If a vehicle is between registered keepers or registered as ‘in trade’ with the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA), it is excluded from continuous insurance enforcement.