Lewis Hamilton and George Russell may have come away from Bahrain fearful of how long it will take Mercedes to catch Red Bull and Ferrari, but Timo Glock believes there are plenty of reasons to be positive. The Silver Arrows are starting the 2022 season on the backfoot having struggled to find the right package for the W13.  Toto Wolff is bullish the team are on the right track with their current design, but their performance in Bahrain was far behind both Red Bull and Ferrari. Mercedes did end up benefiting from a double Red Bull retirement, pushing Hamilton and Russell up to third and fourth respectively. But if all cars managed to finish the race, the two Mercedes drivers would have been closer to Kevin Magnussen behind them rather than those in front. This week's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix may come too soon for drastic upgrades, but changes are expected up and down the grid. Mercedes have hinted that it will take several months before they find what they're looking for. By that point, both Ferrari and Red Bull may be out of sight in the Constructors' Championship. JUST IN: Hamilton responds to BLM critics who tell him to 'shut up and race'    But Glock, who scored three podium finishes in his F1 career, saw good signs for Mercedes moving forward. "Mercedes was able to do some damage control," he wrote for Sky Sports. "The Silver Arrows looked a little better over the racing trim. They went in the right direction over the entire weekend. "In the end, both drivers were significantly happier with the car and were able to get significantly more performance out of the overall package. If there are new parts for Hamilton and Russell in the near future, I'm curious to see if there will be a three-way battle at the top and if Ferrari can really keep the pace they showed at the start." DON'T MISS  Red Bull still haven't released information on what happened to both Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez's cars on Sunday. But, with the Saudia Arabian Grand Prix coming up this weekend, Horner wants the team to fix the problem quickly. “I can’t remember the last time that happened to us but obviously it’s your worst nightmare,” he said. “It’s hugely disappointing, not only to lose a podium with Max, but then also to lose a podium with Checo as well. “We need to get on top of the issue and come back next weekend.”