So-called 'push presents' refer to the gift given to a woman by her partner on the occasion of their baby's birth, and the phenomenon has been all the rage in recent years. The Royal Family is reportedly very keen on the trend too, and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is thought to have been given some stunning jewellery over the years to mark the births of Prince George, Prince Charlotte and Prince Louis. While there has been a lot of speculation about the push present Kate received to mark Prince Louis' birth in 2018, commentators are quite convinced of the gifts Kate received for George and Charlotte's respective births in 2013 and 2015. Eternity bands have proven to be very fashionable in recent years, with many people now opting for three rings instead of the usual two after marriage. Kate was spotted wearing a diamond eternity ring by London designer Annoushka following the birth of her first child. Jack Cherry, Sales Consultant & Gemologist at Queensmith, told Express.co.uk the ring was likely "gifted by William to celebrate the birth of Prince George, their first child". READ MORE: Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed  Mr Cherry added: "The Duchess of Cambridge’s eternity ring is a beautiful display of simple jewellery that so perfectly suits her notably refined taste. "This minimalist ring features an estimated total of around 0.25 carats of round brilliant diamonds - each perfectly chosen to match in colour and clarity grades to ensure a continuation of white, bright sparkle. "The thin ring is set in pavé style, where tiny ball claws keep each diamond in place. The width of the eternity band matches that of both Kate’s famous sapphire engagement ring and Welsh gold wedding ring and is a subtle addition of sparkle to her bridal set. "Kate’s thin, pavé eternity ring is around 1.8mm and would retail around £1,250, making this one of the more affordable pieces in her extensive jewellery collection."  Following the birth of the couple's first daughter Princess Charlotte, William reportedly gifted Kate a pair of green tourmaline, green amethyst, and diamond earrings. The sparklers are thought to be by Kiki McDonough, and Kate has previously worn several other pieces by the designer in the past. Kate notably wore the beautiful gems during her royal tour of India with Prince William in April 2016. DON'T MISS:Stunning Kate Middleton is more 'First Lady' than 'royal wife' [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton is 'confident' on tour while William is 'more cautious' [INSIGHT]Kate uses 'flirtatious preening gesture' on William - body language [INTERVIEW]  The Daily Mail's royal editor Rebecca English tweeted at the time: "@kikimcdonough tell me that Kate's earrings today were specially made for her to celebrate the birth of Princess Charlotte last May." Amokeye Adede, founder of Aurelia & Pierre, told Express.co.uk: "The green amethyst gemstones provide a striking yet understated touch of colour, with diamond accents for a luxurious look.” Reports at the time indicated that Kate was gifted a citrine ring to mark Prince Louis' birth in 2018. However, it has emerged since that Kate has probably owned the sparkler for years, so the push present Kate received upon Prince Louis' birth is unclear. 