  Martin Roberts was seen in tears on Instagram today after a trip to Costco, where he tried to buy multiple bottles of Calpol to send as aid for Ukrainian children. While the store rejected his purchase due to their strict medicine policy, the Homes Under the Hammer presenter became choked up after various members of the public chipped in on his behalf.     Martin, 58, is best known for presenting the BBC One property auction series Homes Under the Hammer. The star currently hosts the show with co-presenters Martel Maxwell and Dion Dublin, although he formerly presented alongside long-time pal Lucy Alexander for many years. Martin took to Instagram today to share an update with his 15,100 followers from the car park of a Costco. In the video he began: “So listen, like you, I’m properly just really at a loss in terms of what I can do to help with what’s going on in Ukraine. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     “So I’ve come to Costco and I’ve just been buying lots of things like Pampers, kids stuff, Tampax and other bits and pieces. “You know, things for kids because it’s the kids, you know, [they’re] everything,” he continued in a choked-up voice. “So I’ve been trying to buy some Calpol and I’m only allowed to buy two, right? “And I know there’s some sort of sicko limit or some limit that they’ve put on that stops under normal circumstances people buying lots of Calpol, because of course…       “I don’t know what you do with lots of Calpol but something obviously.” Sales of pain relief medicines such as Paracetamol is restricted to a maximum of two packs in stores in order to help minimise stockpiling and accidental or impulsive overdose. Nonetheless, Martin revealed that he appealed to the Costco supervisors, explaining: “I had a word with the management and said, ‘Can’t you just relax it for now?' “'I’m obviously doing it for a good reason,’ but they wouldn’t,” he gulped. READ MORE... ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [NEWS] Charlie Sheen apologised to Shane Warne for Liz Hurley admission [LATEST] Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [UPDATE]       “So some people in the queue behind me and some people in the queue at the side of me both bought four bottles for me so I managed to get more. “And I offered them the money, it was about 10 quid for four, and they wouldn’t take it. “So there are such good people out there and everybody’s trying to do their bit and if you just give them a route to do it… “Because we’ve got to do what we can, right?” Martin asked tearfully as he held up the bottle of Calpol.     “So whatever small step you can take to do your bit, just do it. Because even a couple of bottles of these might help. “So do that for me alright (not for me obviously) do it for them,” he said, waving the bottle in front of the camera once more. “Because this is actually, if you think about it, going hopefully into the mouth of a child that needs it. “A homeless child who’s now wondering what the hell’s going on in some refugee camp somewhere. “Anyway, you get the idea. Sorry” he signed off with a sniff. In the caption, the presenter added a suggestion for the store, writing: “I wonder if @costco_uk had some collection bins that people could just put donations in, it would avoid this situation. Help me try to make it happen.”   