From April, millions of Britons could be receiving up to £145.60 which could be a lifeline against the cost of living and rising inflation. State pension and other benefits delivered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) including Universal Credit, Personal Independence Payment (PIP) and Jobseeker's Allowance (JSA) will also increase by 3.1 percent inline with the Consumer Price Index (CPI). CPI is an average of several consumer goods and services, and it is used to give an indication of inflation which is used to set the increase. Attendance Allowance provides financial assistance to those over the state pension age who require help. There are two different rates for Attendance Allowance which is awarded depending on the amount and type of assistance claimants require. The benefit currently offers £89.60 for those on a higher rate and £60 for anyone receiving a lower rate. From April, the new rates will be as follows:Higher rate - £92.4Lower rate - £61.85 This increase will see Britons going from an annual benefit income of £4,659.20 to £4,804.80. This is a yearly increase of £145.60. People who need help or supervision throughout both day and night could get the higher rate of £89.60. The lower rate is provided for those that need "limited" supervision or care during either the day or night. People who are terminally ill also receive a higher rate of Attendance Allowance. It is paid directly into a person's bank or building society account. It can also be paid through a Payment Exception Service for those who are unable to open or manage a bank account. Attendance Allowance is not means-tested so it can be paid regardless of a person's income, savings or National Insurance contribution record. How to claimPeople can apply by post by filling out the form on the gov.uk website. Alternatively people can call the Attendance Allowance helpline to ask for a copy of the form. Attendance Allowance can be backdated to the date of someone’s claim. This is usually the date form when the application is received or the date they called the enquiry line. Successfully claiming Attendance Allowance can also qualify Britons for various other benefits such as Pension Credit, council tax reduction or housing benefit. Many charities and advice websites note that the rejection rate for Attendance Allowance is often due to the way claimants fill out their application. The questions can often be quite personal and applicants may find they want to understate their needs out of embarrassment or simply forget to note everything. This can be detrimental as benefit eligibility is reliant on claimants needing a certain amount of care for a certain amount of time. Therefore, by understating or underestimating needs, they run the risk of being seen as ineligible for the benefit.