Chelsea legend John Terry has been slammed by Labour MP Chris Bryant for his comments on Blues owner Roman Abramovich. The Russian billionaire has confirmed that he is planning on selling the club almost 20 years after he purchased it from Ken Bates for £140million. Former Blues captain Terry has been blasted on Twitter by a Welsh politician for his post about under-fire owner Abramovich. It has been confirmed that the billionaire businessman is intending to sell the club after Russia's invasion of Ukraine led to sanctions against Russian's by the UK government. Abramovich's huge investment has seen Chelsea win 19 major trophies, including two Champions League and five Premier League titles. And former Blues skipper Terry showed his respects to Abramovich on Twitter, writing "The Best" along with several blue hearts along with a picture of them both. JUST IN: Chelsea's incoming owner sent message over first task to catch City However, Labour MP for Rhondda, Chris Bryant, has condemned Terry's post. Quote tweeting the ex-defender, he wrote: "This is appalling." In a statement published by Chelsea just one hour out from the club's FA Cup fifth-round win over Luton, an emotional Abramovich outlined his desire to sell up. DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message He wrote: "I would like to address the speculation in media over the past few days in relation to my ownership of Chelsea FC. As I have stated before, I have always taken decisions with the Club’s best interest at heart. "In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the Club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the Club, the fans, the employees, as well as the Club’s sponsors and partners. "The sale of the Club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. This has never been about business nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and Club. "Moreover, I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated. The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine. "This includes providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery. "Please know that this has been an incredibly difficult decision to make, and it pains me to part with the Club in this manner. However, I do believe this is in the best interest of the Club."