Novak Djokovic is a professional tennis player, known to be one of the best in the world in his field. The 34-year-old made headlines this year after he said he would rather miss out on future tennis trophies than be forced to get a Covid vaccine. Novak Djokovic’s opinion on the Covid vaccine is controversial. The tennis star has not received any jabs and told the BBC that missing competitions, such as the French open, over his vaccine status was “the price that I’m willing to pay”. Novak has already missed out on one competition earlier this year when he was forced to leave Australia because he was not fully vaccinated. Being deported by the Government meant that the Serbian lost out on a huge sum of money – the top prize for winning the Australian Open is worth a whopping $75million AUD (£40million). READ MORE: Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home This is a 4.5 percent increase on last year’s winnings. However, Novak is still one of the world’s best paid tennis players. It is estimated that the Belgrade-born star has a net worth of $220million (£162million), according to Celebrity Net Worth. According to Forbes, the fact that around $153million of this amount stems from his tennis wins makes Novak one of the highest earning athletes in the world.  The tennis champion also has his sponsorship deals to thank for his huge wealth. Novak’s sponsorship deal with Lacoste, which requires him to wear the brand’s kit at his games, earns him a whopping $9million (£12million) a year. In 2021, this sponsorship was extended until 2025. The tennis pro is also sponsored by tennis racket manufacturer Head, sportswear and equipment brand Asics, and more. But how did Novak get to where he is today? Currently ranked world number two as of February 28, 2022, Novak was born in Belgrade, Serbia, when the nation was still part of the former Yugoslavia. He began playing tennis at the age of four, after his parents gave him a mini racket and a soft foam ball. A few years later, at the age of 12, Novak kick started his international career, winning European championships in singles, doubles, and team competition. In 2021, Novak won the titles of three major tennis tournaments. These were Wimbledon, the French Open, and the Australian Open. He also reached the final of the US Open, but lost Russian opponent Daniil Medvedev. In his personal life, Novak is married to Jelena, a fellow Serbian. The couple have two children, Tara and Stefan, and live in Monaco.