Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich is 'in a panic' and wants to sell the club 'quickly', according to Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss. Abramovich has approached four potential buyers amid increasing pressure during Russia's widely-condemned invasion of Ukraine. On Saturday, the Russian owner released a statement confirming he had handed over Chelsea's 'stewardship and care' to trustees of the club's charitable foundation. And as he faces the risk of sanctions from the United Kingdom government, Abramovich has listed his properties in the country on the market. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has already ordered asset freezes on many Russian individuals and banks. And Labour MP Chris Bryant has claimed Abramovich is 'terrified' of the effect such sanctions could have on him and his operations on UK soil. JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season Wyss is in the running to buy Chelsea from the 55-year-old and claims he could make an offer with the help of several investors once the asking price is clear. He told Blick: "Abramovich is one of Putin's closest advisers and friends. Like all other oligarchs, he is also in a panic. "Abramovich is trying to sell all his villas in England. He also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. Three other people and I received an offer to buy Chelsea from Abramovich on Tuesday. "I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. You know, Chelsea owe him £2 billion. But Chelsea has no money. Means: Those who buy Chelsea should compensate Abramovich." READ MORE: Newcastle could repeat Kieran Trippier move for Atletico Madrid ace He continued: "As of today, we don't know the exact selling price. I can well imagine starting at Chelsea with partners. But I have to examine the general conditions first. "But what I can already say: I'm definitely not doing something like this alone. If I buy Chelsea, then with a consortium consisting of six to seven investors." Wyss is an 86-year-old businessman currently residing in the United States and boasts a net worth of over £3.8billion ($5bn). He garnered his fortune as the founder and former president and chairman of medical device manufacturer Synthes USA. Forbes has named him one of the world's most 'philanthropic' people amid years of donating funds to environmental causes, with his Wyss Foundation charity holding over £1.5bn ($2bn) in assets. If he was to launch a consortium-supported takeover at Stamford Bridge, it would end Abramovich's 19-year tenure at the helm. Chelsea have been England's most successful club since he took over from Ken Bates in 2003, lifting 17 major trophies. The Blues have won five Premier League titles, five FA Cups, three League Cups, two Champions Leagues and two Europa Leagues under Abramovich's backing. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.