The latest news from Ukraine's frontline is bleak reading for the millions of people who have followed every moment of the conflict, hoping that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky can lead his nation to victory. World leaders have near-universally condemned the acts of aggression from Russia, which have killed thousands of civilians and led some to accuse Mr Putin of war crimes. Their hardline stance against the Russian regime has yielded few results so far, as Mr Macron revealed today that the worst violence is yet to come. The French President received a call from his Russian counterpart today, initiated by Mr Putin. The two leaders discussed the situation in Ukraine for 90 minutes but came away no closer to resolution. One of Mr Macron's senior aides revealed that Mr Putin told him that he still hopes to "neutralise" Ukraine. READ MORE: HORROR OF WARS: In God's name Putin, stop the suffering Addressing journalists after their conversation, the official said the President expects the "worst is yet to come". They added there was "nothing in what President Putin told us that should reassure us". The Russian premier continues to hold "great determination" to continue his operation. Mr Putin, by their impression, "wants to seize control of the whole of Ukraine". The official added that the President repeated the words he used to launch the "special military operation", that he wished to "de-nazify" the country. In return, they said, Mr Macron said he was making a "major mistake" by invading the sovereign nation and that, in the long run, it would harm Russia. Not long after the call, President Zelensky also pleaded with Mr Putin, but indirectly. In a televised briefing, he called on the Russian premier to sit down with him. He asked Mr Putin to "sit down with me to negotiate", just "not at 30 metres", as he referred to meetings shown between him and his closest advisors. Mr Zelensky added: "I don't bite. What are you afraid of?" As he asked for talks on "equal footing", he said: "Any words are more important than shots". Ultimately, it appears Mr Zelensky has been effective in helping release some of the pressure for civilians living in his country. His and Russian representatives negotiating from the Poland-Belarus border have agreed to create "humanitarian corridors". These corridors will allow people to pass under limited ceasefires and permit civilian evacuations. The two sides also reached an agreement about transporting medicine and food to the most war-torn areas of Ukraine. While both developments were encouraging, Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak said the second round of negotiations had not achieved "the results Ukraine needs".