Caller Wayne said: "The story is obviously the big intimidation with the TV licence. "I did... in the 80's I did go to prison when I got released from prison I thought..." Mr Whale said: "Hang on let me get this right, you were sent to prison for not having a TV licence?" Mr Gould said: "Yeah we've discussed this before." Mr Whale said: "I know but other people might not have heard, I'm just trying to make it excited Ash you've frigged it up. JUST IN: Putin's 'biggest' Achilles' heel exposed as 'derided' Russian despot facing furious REVOLT "We can't condone you watching TV without a licence you've got everything you deserve." Mr Gould said: "You got 15-years." Caller Wayne said: "Excuse me, James, you just said on air that you're going to consider your choices." Mr Whale said: "Yeah but I'm not actually going to watch TV illegally." Caller Wayne said: "Oh alright!" Mr Gould said: "You can watch TV in prison without paying a licence that's the irony of it."  READ MORE: Mum left fuming after letter describes her 'active' four-year-old daughter as overweight    The fact-checking site Full Fact have confirmed that prisoners do not have to pay a TV fee. The site published this fact-checking statement in 2020: "Prisoners who have been rewarded for good behaviour can get a TV in their cell. "This allows access to nine free-to-view channels for a weekly TV rental fee of £1 per cell per week. Not paying this fee or bad behaviour are two reasons why a TV may be taken away. "This fee does not include the TV licence fee as TVs used by prisoners in cells and communal prison areas are exempt from this charge."  DON’T MISS: Russia scaling back invasion as troops retreat to eastern Ukraine after weeks of stalemate Brits who fail to pay their TV licence and are caught could face paying up to £2,000 in fines or be taken to court. Brits are eligible for TV licence refunds in the UK, applicants must fill out a form or save it and print it out to fill in and post off. On its website, TV Licensing states: “Working out precise refund amounts can be complicated. But we will do it for you. “We’ll look carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.” 