Beth Johnstone, also known as She is the Lost Girl, lives an unconventional life travelling in her caravan. Known as vanlife, Beth uses her campervan to travel the world as a free spirit, enjoying nature and exploring new places. The travel journalist and photographer spoke with Express.co.uk exclusively about her favourite places to travel in the UK. Beth said: "There are so many beautiful spots in the UK." However, for the best spots Beth travels outside of England. She explained: "Probably for me it's Wales and Scotland." The travel influencer, who teamed up with Huawei to create a practical guide of travel hacks has some locations in mind. READ MORE: Caravan couple on wild camping: 'The locals aren't the biggest fans' She said: "In Wales specifically, Snowdonia National Park and the Brecon Beacons National Park. "These areas are stunning and so full of beautiful walks. "We recently hiked to the summit of Mount Snowdon and it was breath-taking." Beth discussed her favourite spots in Britain's north too. "As for Scotland, the Northwest highlands and Glenco are magnificent," she said. DON'T MISSCaravan couple detail 'very basic' campervan stove set up [REAL LIFE] Spain holiday chaos as Costa del Sol faces shortages [CONCERNS] Family shares 'horrid' experience on board 'the poop cruise' [NIGHTMARE] "We also loved the NC500 route, which is one of the most famous road trips in the UK. "Scotland is a bit more relaxed on wild camping (following the leave no trace rules), so it's a brilliant place to visit in a camper van." The NC500 route is known officially as the North Coast 500. It's a scenic drive 516-miles along the coast of the country, starting and ending at Inverness Castle. The AA Awards claim to list the "best" campsites in the UK. The 2021/2022 named the following: Beth is an expert traveller, exploring the world and using tech to share the experience. She said: “I’ve been travelling around the world full-time for almost seven years, taking photographs, writing about the places "I’ve been and immersing myself in new cultures. I am passionate about capturing the whole experience not just with images, but with words too and Huawei has helped me achieve this. "With people travelling abroad this year and snapping up those winter travel deals; I’ve shared my working travel tips to help support those working from overseas.” HUAWEI MateBook 14s (RRP from: £1199.99) is available to buy now from Huawei Store and selected retailers.