Princess Charlene left her principality home last November with her whereabouts not made public. The news comes three weeks after her husband, Prince Albert, revealed that Charlene was “doing much better”. In a statement, the Princely Palace said: “In agreement with her doctors and while her recovery is on the right track, their Serene Highnesses have agreed together that Princess Charlene can now continue her convalescence in the Principality with her husband and her children by her side.” She will need a few more weeks to continue her recovery before she can “gradually resume her official activities”, according to the Palace. The statement also assured the people of Monaco that Charlene is looking forward to socialising with her people as her health recovers. The Palace added: “In order for Princess Charlene to achieve a full recovery and as she still needs peace and calm, The Princely Couple therefore asks that their private life and family environment continue to be respected.”  READ MORE: Royal Family: Prince Harry 'raises eyebrows' with latest move Last month, Prince Albert said his wife was “doing much better” and that he hoped “she will be back in the Principality very soon”. Shortly after Charlene’s 44th birthday, in January, the Palace said that her recovery was “continuing in a satisfying and very encouraging way”. Charlene has missed a number of public engagements due to her health in recent months, including last month's Sainte Dévote celebrations. She was only able to return to Monaco last November after being grounded in South Africa for six months with a severe ear, nose and throat (ENT) infection.  Complications from her ENT infection led to the former Olympic swimmer requiring surgery after collapsing. Upon her return, it became quickly apparent that Charlene wasn’t well and she left for treatment of an unknown illness outside Monaco a few days later. Albert told People Magazine in November: “She was clearly exhausted, physically and emotionally. “She was overwhelmed and couldn't face official duties, life in general or even family life.”  DON'T MISS: Queen health fears as monarch’s diary to be assessed [EXPLAINED]George's godmother says close bond is 'lovely way' of honouring Diana [INSIGHT]'Kick in the teeth!' State pension age 'MUST be kept at 66'  [NEWS] Prince Albert and the couple’s seven-year-old twins, Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques, visited Charlene in her treatment facility around Christmas. Charlene has also been active on her Instagram account, sharing an illustrated family Christmas card, a birthday video from her foundation and a tribute to the late Archbishop Desmond Tutu, who died in December. Albert and Charlene marked their 10th wedding anniversary last July, but spent the day apart as the princess was still in South Africa, where she underwent multiple procedures for her ENT infection. The couple married in 2011 during a glamorous three-day event that reportedly cost $70 million (£53 million).  Charlene’s return coincided with her husband's 64th birthday taking place on Monday. Albert is the 32nd ruler of the principality of Monaco and began his reign in 2005. He is the only son of Prince Rainier III and Grace Kelly. 