Earlier this year, A Place in the Sun’s newest presenter Craig Rowe made his debut on the Channel 4 property programme. Along with the likes of his fellow co-stars Laura Hamilton and Ben Hillman, Craig's job is to help house hunters to find their dream holiday home abroad. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Craig recalled how one couple instantly hated one of his property choices. During an episode that first aired in January, the presenter admitted with one holiday home he felt he'd "struck gold", but he was quickly proved wrong. He began: "I'd got them to an area they liked, they wanted a view, they want to be close to the action and I thought I'd got them all of that. "But there was something about this flat, and when we walked in, Diane hated it from the word go." READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up He continued: "And actually I said to them, 'look, can you keep an open mind and at least take a look around? Maybe when you see it more, it will change your mind'. "So they did keep an open mind, but I remember at one point John, her husband said, 'look, I think this could this could be an option, do you?' "And she was like, 'no!'. She was having none of it at all. "Whenever I can sense now that house hunters don't like something, I'll always say, 'look, do you want to draw a line under this one?'" Craig added: "And sometimes you a sense of relief on their face when they think, 'yeah, do you mind if we don't see the rest of it? It's just not for us'." The property expert went on to add that he once had a disagreement with show producers when looking at properties for one couple. He detailed the difficulty show bosses faced when trying to find the house hunter's dream holiday home. "On my third episode, my house hunters made it clear from the very start that they didn't want anywhere that needed renovating," Craig recalled. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on filming first scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Ethan Anderson as he runs off with newcomer? [VIDEO] He said: "So that was in the back of our minds, of myself and the producer the whole way through. "But also what happened was as we were going through the show, they [house hunters] were always at their happiest when they were near the beach. "There was a little pocket of part of the beach they just loved and we had a property, it was actually one of our back-up properties, which was on the beach, but it needed a full renovation." Craig went on to explain he had a disagreement with producers as they advised the presenter not to show the couple the holiday home.  "But I said to my producers, 'you know what, I think we should show it to them'," the presenter added. "Because actually what I'm learning from them is that location is more important than anything else, despite what they've said. "And we showed it to them and they absolutely loved it, they bought it and now they're going to do a full renovation." Craig, who has filmed a number of shows so far, explained being a presenter on A Place in the Sun has been a "learning curve". A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.