Police said the 28-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene of a large-scale rescue mission on the Scottish mountain on Tuesday. Two other men aged 29 and 37 were rushed to hospital for treatment for minor injuries. Police Scotland said the alarm was raised at around 14:15 on Tuesday afternoon. A major rescue operation was launched, with both the Lochaber and Glencoe mountain rescue teams deployed to help 17 people to safety. The unnamed man reportedly died after falling nearly 1000ft from Scotland’s highest mountain. The remainder of the group were helped off the mountain. There were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the man's death. A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "Emergency services and mountain rescue colleagues attended to assist 17 people off the mountain. "We can confirm that a 28-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene. "There are no suspicious circumstances surrounding the death and a full report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal." A military group from Edinburgh also attempted to aid the rescue, according to the MailOnline. A number of Army soldiers became trapped on the mountain while attempting to save the unnamed man. The rescue mission reportedly lasted eight hours and involved a total of 40 rescuers from nearby Prestwick and Inverness. The unnamed climber had fallen around 984ft on the west side of the mountain. He and his group had been on their descent from the summit when he fell. Donald Paterson, deputy team leader of Lochaber Mountain Rescue Team, told MailOnline: “The conditions were classic Alpine conditions - springlike in the glen but above the snow line everything is solid and an ice axe and crampons are essential and knowing how to use them. “But this chap had fallen conservatively about 300 metres (984ft). Then others went to help him and they too ended up in trouble. One had a broken ankle and another multiple abrasions. “As the night wore on the conditions got worse.” He added: “Members of the party could have been better prepared for the conditions." Conditions on the mountain at the time of the incident were reportedly "lethal", with ice, snow and strong winds making the rescue operation extremely dangerous. The tragic accident comes after a spate of catastrophes in the Highlands in the past week. Tuesday's incident was the third death since last Saturday, while one walker has been missing since Sunday afternoon, with a number of rescue missions failing to locate his whereabouts. Lochaber Mountain Rescue Team confirmed they have been called out 12 times in the past five days with three incidents resulting in fatalities. The team said in a social media post: “The past five days have been especially busy for the team. “Since Saturday we've had 12 callouts and recovered 26 casualties. Unfortunately three of these shouts resulted in fatalities and we'd like to extend our heartfelt condolences to the friends and family of those involved at this difficult time. “It would be remiss if we didn't stress just how important it is to be adequately prepared for winter in the hills. “Having the ability to competently navigate with map and compass as well as having and being able to use crampons and axe are vital skills to have if you're venturing into the hills.”  Neil Gillingham, 43, from Kilmarnock was last seen at around 1.30pm on Sunday near the summit of the 3632ft high Stob Coire Nam Beith peak. Searches on Monday and Tuesday for the missing walker failed to find him, although his dog was found safe and well. Mountain Rescue teams found the body of a hillwalker last Friday. David Low, 47, from Bridge of Allan was an experienced walker who had gone missing after walking in Glencoe. A 54-year-old man also died on a walk on a peak in Wester Ross last Tuesday. Emergency services rushed to help the man but he was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. 