Swiss media is reporting that as of today (Tuesday), Nord Stream 2 AG, a company based in Zug, a canton south of Zurich, had released its 106 staff. The dissolving of the company represents the final death knell for the project, which was fully built and operational before being stopped.  Last week, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said that he had halted certification of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline – which was built to send natural gas directly to Germany, circumventing Ukraine – something which Russia had been doggedly vying for. It follows the European Union's decision in January to place approval of the controversial pipeline on hold. Last week, two days before Russia launched its invasion of Ukraine, the EU said it would stop the project going ahead in the event of an attack. At a press conference Tuesday, Mr Scholz said that he must "reassess" certification of the pipeline as "the situation today is fundamentally different".  Earlier today, it became known that Nord Stream 2 AG had terminated its contracts with employees. It said in a statement: "Following the recent geopolitical developments leading to the imposition of U.S. sanctions on Nord Stream 2 AG, the company had to terminate contracts with employees. "We very much regret this development." Following this, in an interview with Swiss news channel SRF, Silvia Thalmann-Gut, councillor in Zug and the canton's economic director, revealed that the company had now filed for bankruptcy with the authorities.   She directly blamed sanctions against Russia brought in by the US last week for the company's insolvency. The councillor warned that there were other Russian companies based in the city, and that this could be just the beginning. Ms Thalmann-Gut said: "We were informed today that this company cannot be continued." She added that employees of the company had received their notice of termination and that the Swiss authorities were "now informing them of their rights and obligations".  Regarding the knock-on effect of Western sanctions, Ms Thalmann-Gut said: "If a company is affected by these sanctions, it will quickly show up in liquidity. "It no longer has access to the financial means to pay wages and bills. The company has to lay people off or even file for bankruptcy." However, she said it was currently "difficult to say what the consequences will be" on Zug. Swiss sanctions on Russia "have not yet played a role" in companies' finances, Ms Thalmann-Gut claimed, "so I cannot rule out that other companies will be affected". Joe Biden's administration was previously pushing for Nord Stream 2 to be cancelled. Announcing America's raft of economic sanctions against Russia, the US President said he had imposed sanctions on Nord Stream 2 AG and its corporate officers. In a press conference, asked if sanctioning Putin himself remained an option, Mr Biden said: “It’s not a bluff; it’s on the table.” More to follow... 