The state pension forecast tool can be used for free via the Government website and can help Britons find out more about their state pension. Three key pieces of information can be accessed by using the tool. The forecast can provide an estimate of how much state pension an individual will get. The full new state pension is currently valued at £179.60 per week. This means someone who receives the full new state pension gets £9,339.20 a year. However, this will soon change. READ MORE: Couple lives on £1 a day to clear £43,000 debt - read their 'ruthless' money-saving tips From April 2022, the state pension will increase by 3.1 percent. This will take the value of the full new state pension to £185.15 per week. Britons should be aware that the state pension forecast does not take into account any potential future increases to the state pension. This means the amount they are estimated to receive may not be completely accurate. DON'T MISSMillions to retire on just £1,000 - bleak outlook as State Pension triple lock is axed [WARNING]‘I cannot afford the price!’ Over 60s vent fury at proposal to scrap free prescriptions [REACTION]Woman explains simple way she earns extra £600 a month – and 'anyone can do it’ [FEATURE] The service may be used to find out whether someone can get more state pension than they are currently on course to receive. To get the full new state pension, an individual may need as many as 35 qualifying years on their National Insurance record. They will need at least 10 years on their record to get any state pension at all. Qualifying years can be earned in multiple ways, but most commonly they are accumulated by paying National Insurance contributions through employment or self-employment. Alternatively, Britons may earn qualifying years through claiming certain benefits with attached National Insurance credits. The final option for improving a National Insurance record is for someone to pay voluntary contributions. Britons can use the forecast to find out if there are any gaps in their National Insurance record which could deny them the full state pension. They can then explore any options they may have to increase their entitlement by claiming National Insurance credits or making voluntary contributions. Finally, the state pension forecast tool can be used to see exactly when someone will reach state pension age. They can find out what their state pension age will be, and the date they will reach it. The state pension age in the UK is currently 66 for both men and women. However, two increases are set to be introduced which would take the state pension age to 67 by 2028 and 68 by 2046.