Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid, 51, penned a heartfelt message to her former BBC Breakfast colleague Dr Sian Williams, 57, who announced that she would be stepping down from 5 News in the spring. The veteran broadcaster admitted it "felt odd" to be sharing the news on her social media timeline in a candid message yesterday. The Welsh-born journalist and current affairs presenter is best known for her work on the BBC and Channel 5 and she is also a Chartered Counselling Psychologist registered with the Health & Care Professionals Council. Taking to Twitter, Sian explained that she would be leaving her current role as she is needed elsewhere. In view of her 77,400 followers, the broadcaster penned: "Feels odd to dip into your timeline, but a bit of personal news. After 6+ years, I've decided to leave @5_News n the spring. "'l'll continue with #MindMatters & special projects, but with my other hat on, I think I'm needed elsewhere. Thanks to all the lovely @channel5_tv viewers." READ MORE: Piers Morgan rages at Meghan and Harry’s 'fawning lickspittle' Scobie She was swiftly inundated with messages of support, most notably from the GMB presenter. In view of her 859,000 followers, Susanna penned: "Huge congratulations on your achievements at 5 News Sian and with your invaluable mental health work. Good luck with the next adventure." Others also offered kind messages to Sian following her announcement. Former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin wrote: "Good luck Sian, change is a courageous thing and you as always will excel and what you do next."  Sian replied: "Thanks Lou, fellow traveller! Let’s embrace it." Carolyn Quinn commented: "Sian you will be deeply missed on air but your other work is really valuable - especially now." The Channel 5 newsreader said: "Thanks Quinny." Vincent McAviney remarked: "Sorry to see you go but good luck with all the new opportunities!" DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan rages at Meghan and Harry’s 'fawning lickspittle' Scobie[LATEST]Ron Pember dead: Only Fools and Horses actor dies aged 87[TRIBUTES]Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases ageless figure in skintight jumpsuit[PICTURES] Sian previously fronted BBC Breakfast alongside Bill Turnbull but after leaving the new programme in 2012, Susanna replaced her as the lead presenter. The latter quit the BBC in 2014 and has since joined ITV's Good Morning Britain as the main broadcaster. Sian, who is also a Doctor of Psychology -having passed her Doctorate last year - will continue to host her regular one-on-one interview strand, Mind Matters with Dr Sian for 5 News. The weekly mental health segment was part of the successful, hour-long, re-launch of flagship 5 News last November. She will also work with Channel 5 and ITN on special projects and documentaries. During the last six years on the channel, Sian has worked on a number of series including Secrets of Your Supermarket Food and on 5 News has anchored special news programmes on the pandemic, Brexit, the Royal Weddings, and most recently, the war in Ukraine. She also fronted a series of documentaries on 5 News called Healing Minds; and conducted the first TV interview with Prince Harry, where he spoke about his mental health. In a follow-up tweet, Sian tweeted: "Bit overwhelmed by all your lovely messages and emails. Thank you. I really appreciate each and every one of them." 