Gary, who is played by actor Mikey North in Coronation Street, will be confronted by one of the dead loan shark Rick Neelan’s (Greg Wood) victims as they bury him. Fans on the ITV soap know Gary killed him during a brutal brawl that led to his death back in 2019. While Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) is helping the stalwart keep his murder a secret, could Gary turn back to his work as a loan shark in the upcoming episodes? Hoping to keep the murder under wraps, Gary agreed to look after Rick’s daughter Kelly (Millie Gibson) and she now lives with him. Rick's body had been discovered hidden at the building site of the new Weatherfield County FC ground. The daughter of the late Weatherfield resident had no idea Gary was responsible for her beloved family member's death. ITV viewers saw the tense scenes unfold while a grieving Kelly stood next to him at the burial. READ MORE:Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show Gary Actor Mikey has confirmed that his character will make a big confession over Rick’s death. Gary will be forced to confide in Rick's ex-wife Laura (Kel Allen) next week after she asks him some difficult questions about the loan shark's disappearance. After hiring a private investigator, Laura is told by the agent that he hasn't managed to find any solid leads on the ex-husband’s whereabouts, unaware of the killer living across the cobbles. Meanwhile, The PI adds that Rick is likely to be dead and Gary seems to be the prime suspect. It has been reported Gary could go to devastating lengths in order to avoid arrest, according to an inside source. They said to The Sun: “Gary has been fighting to keep the secret of what he did to Rick but it’s all going to come spilling out. “Kelly will be devastated by her dad’s death and Gary will be there supporting her through it. “He’s trying to make up for what he’s done. With fireworks set to play out in Weatherfield, the soap insider teased: “But at what cost?” Speaking about the killing, the actor reminded viewers of his intentions, saying: "This is part of what he explains to Laura. “Obviously, if we're honest about it, it was self-defence and he was doing it to save himself. "Gary was also trying to protect Sarah, and Rick was going to kill Bethany as well. “Gary really didn't have any option and he would do it all again if he had the chance,” he told Digital Spy. In the upcoming weeks, Gary’s paranoia may push him to the end and he could spiral out of control causing more drama on the cobbles. With the private investigators edging closer to their killer, Gary may revert back to his loan shark job and when pushed for questioning, the youngster may lash out to those closest around him. After Rick’s funeral, could the secrets be taken to the grave or expose Gary of his crimes once and for all?