Ferrari drivers Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz are not “100 per cent happy” to continue with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, admits team principal Mattia Binotto. He said the drivers were not “fully relaxed” after a missile strike near the circuit yesterday afternoon. The Grand Prix is set to go ahead despite a late meeting between F1 and the drivers. It is understood not everyone was in agreement over continuing to race with many drivers raising concerns before being provided extra information. Team principal Mattia Binotto said on Saturday: “I don't think we said that they are 100 per cent happy and feel fully relaxed. "Certainly, they are still concerned, but they are listening to the assurances that we gave them. They understand the importance of staying here and somehow trying to race, because that's the best choice we can do. I think it has been important for them yesterday to meet, to discuss, to raise their voice, because they are the stars of the sport. I think it's important for them to make sure that they are listened to. READ MORE: Damon Hill gives strong verdict on F1's decision to go ahead with GP "It's never great if something [like] negative comments or something on the negative side comes out of the meeting, but the fact that they met and discussed, and had the opportunity to argue, or to listen, or to get assurance, was important. I see that meeting as a positive one, and the outcome was the right one." The Grand Prix Drivers' Association (GPDA) said yesterday was a “stressful day” for the drivers. The statement even claimed drivers found it “difficult to remain fully focused” due to the situation. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen on what would make him quit F1: 'I'd stop' [COMMENT]FIA and F1 release statement as Saudi Arabia GP goes ahead [INSIGHT]Verstappen and Perez not on same page over Saudi Arabian GP attack [ANALYSIS] They added: “Perhaps it is hard to comprehend if you have never driven an F1 car on this fast and challenging Jeddah track but on seeing the smoke from the incident it was difficult to remain a fully focused race driver and erase natural human concerns. Consequently, we went into long discussions between ourselves, with our team principals, and with the most senior people who run our sport. "A large variety of opinions were shared and debated and having listened not only to the Formula 1 powers but also to the Saudi government ministers who explained how security measures were being elevated to the maximum, the outcome was a resolution that we would practise and qualify today and race tomorrow."