Using quantum technology, scientists have made a breakthrough in terms of battery charging speed which could solve the looming issue of drivers having to wait around for extended periods of time waiting for their electric vehicle (EV) to charge. Scientists have created a new method to cut the time it takes to charge electric cars to just nine seconds, allowing people to ‘fill up’ quicker than they currently do at a garage. And even those plugging in at home will have the time slashed from 10 hours to three minutes. The new device uses the laws of quantum physics to power all of a battery’s cells at once so recharging takes no longer than filling up at traditional petrol pumps. The experts at the Institute for Basic Science (IBS) are working hard on providing solutions to the growing number of people requiring renewable energy, with fossil fuels expected to run out by the end of the century. READ MORE: ‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists Co-author of the study Dr Dario Rosa said: “The consequences could be far-reaching and the implications of quantum charging could go well beyond electric cars and consumer electronics. “For example, it may find key uses in future fusion power plants, which require large amounts of energy to be charged and discharged in an instant.” Currently EVs can take as long as 10 hours to fully recharge at home and even the fastest superchargers at stations need around 20 to 40 minutes.Millions of EVs are now sold every year, with sales in the UK alone up almost 100 percent on last year. DON'T MISSWheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [INSIGHT]Shocked builder handed 51 driving fines in a day [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [ANALYSIS] Dr Rosa added: “This is particularly exciting as modern large-capacity batteries can contain numerous cells. “Such collective charging is not possible in classical batteries, where the cells are charged in parallel independently of one another.” How much charging speed can be achieved by doing this was calculated by the researchers. They found a typical electric vehicle with a battery containing around 200 cells would recharge 200 times faster. This means charging times could be cut from 10 hours to three minutes at home and from around 30 minutes to just a few seconds at stations. Co-author Dr Dominik Safránek said: “Of course, quantum technologies are still in their infancy and there is a long way to go before these methods can be implemented in practice. “Research findings such as these, however, create a promising direction and can incentivise the funding agencies and businesses to further invest in these technologies. “If employed, it is believed that quantum batteries would completely revolutionise the way we use energy and take us a step closer to our sustainable future.” Last week the Government unveiled plans to support the UK market to reach 300,000 public electric vehicle charge points by 2030, equivalent to almost five times the number of fuel pumps on UK roads today. The Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Strategy is backed by £1.6billion in investment which will make charging easier and cheaper than refuelling a petrol and diesel car. New legal requirements on operators will see EV drivers pay by contactless, compare charging prices and find nearby charge points via apps. Around £500million will be invested to bring high quality, competitively priced public charge points to communities across the UK.