In their narrative, foreign ownership of British assets or control of supply lines is not a threat but a welcome boost to investment and growth. Yet events of recent days have graphically exposed these delusions. The globalists’ smug indifference to Britain’s real needs has left our country and parts of our workforce dangerously vulnerable to hostile manoeuvres by foreign operators. That is certainly the lesson of the shameful behaviour by ferry company P&O, which on Friday sacked 800 staff with immediate notice, replacing them with foreign agency workers, reportedly on just £2 an hour. Founded in 1835, P&O is one of the illustrious names in British seafaring, but that and the welfare of its employees meant nothing to its current proprietors, the Dubai-based giant DP World, ultimately owned by Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid al-Marktoum. As this demonstrates, an institutional obsession with flogging off corporate Britain is damaging our infrastructure and the rights of workers. The ugly saga is part of a wider pattern where foreign acquisitions keep undermining our national resilience. The more we depend on foreign cash, the more we are at the mercy of those who would harm us. That reality has been exposed by Vladimir Putin’s barbarous invasion of Ukraine. For far too long before this onslaught, Britain and the West were unwilling to stand up to the Russian tyrant despite the overwhelming evidence of his savage authoritarianism, as revealed in 2018’s Salisbury poisonings. Part of the reason for this timidity was that Russia had established such a powerful influence on Britain. Swathes of the property market’s top end were bought up by Russians – our capital was nicknamed Londongrad. Chelsea football club was bought by oligarch Roman Abramovich. In 2020 Russia accounted for 13 per cent of our oil imports and 45 per cent of our coal. The scale of Putin’s Ukraine atrocities has forced the British Government to act at last against him but dirty Russian money should never have been allowed to gain such a stranglehold on our society. Indeed, far too few challenges have been made to the accelerating foreign takeover of the British economy. It is as if a giant “for sale” sign was permanently erected over our commercial life, with the promise that no awkward questions will be asked of the bidders. In June last year, it was reported foreign investors now own 66 per cent of UK listed shares, while British pension funds represent just two percent of the London Stock Market. On every front domestic ownership is in retreat. According to one study in 2017, a quarter of large businesses in Britain are foreign-owned. The Qatar Investment Authority, for instance, has a 22 percent stake in Sainsbury’s and a 20 percent one in Heathrow Airport. Similarly, the Morrison’s supermarket chain was recently bought by a US private equity firm in a £7billion deal. Newcastle United football club was sold to the sovereign wealth fund of Saudi Arabia, despite the kingdom’s appalling record on human rights. All this has worrying implications for the security of our nation and the wellbeing of our people. Vital parts of strategic industries, such as defence manufacturing, food supplies, healthcare utilities and transport operations, should be under British oversight. Given the potential for exploitation or blackmail, it is absurd that almost 40 per cent of Britain’s energy supply is now powered by non-British companies. Equally foolish, especially in the midst of an energy crisis, is the refusal to utilise our own vast, untapped resource. Less than 20 years ago we were a net exporter of gas; today more than half of our gas comes from foreign imports. The message of Brexit was that the British public is yearning to take back control, the very opposite of the P&O experience. We should be building up our independent capacity, not indulging in a permanent global auction. A nation that is governed by the demands of alien vested interests is barely a proper sovereign nation at all.