Whether you're a houseplant lover or a first-time plant parent, introducing a new green, leafy friend into your home can be confusing if you don't understand its needs. Though all species have their own unique needs when it comes to looking after them, there is one major mistake that can risk killing off your houseplant for good. In a Reddit forum dedicated to "houseplant hacks", self-proclaimed "houseplant obsessed people" shared their top tips for keeping your green friends healthy. And when it comes to mistakes, there is one which is very common but could spell peril for your plant. A user posting under the name EatAndRead said: "For me, the biggest thing was don't overwater, "Lots of plants die from neglect but it's just as easy to overdo it. READ MORE: Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels "Practice makes perfect and you get a feel for it along the way." A second Reddit user named MonsteraLeaf added: "Overwatering is extremely hard to come back from, whereas under watering typically isn't as huge of an issue." When it comes to understanding the exact amount of water your houseplant needs, getting up to speed with the unique requirements for that species is absolutely crucial. DON'T MISSBritons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month [EXPLAINER]‘Effective’ houseplants for purifying the the air - ‘great’ '[COMMENT]Houseplants: The best houseplant for you based on your star sign [INSIGHT] While some varieties like to be watered every week, others might be happy to go a couple of weeks without getting too thirsty. In many cases, though, there are some key warning signs to watch out for. According to Gardening Know How, there are some visible signs that your plant is feeling drowned by all of the water it has received. The leaves of your plant may begin to turn yellow, and its overall appearance is likely to look winter. In some cases, roots may begin to rot or become stunted. You might notice that your plant has not grown in a while, or that young leaves are turning brown. Soil may also experience changes, turning green as a result of algae growth. Often, too much water means that the plant's roots aren't able to breathe. In basic terms, the plant is slowly suffocating because there is too much water gathered in the soil and around its roots. Root rot can also begin to set in if your plant is exposed to too much water over a long period of time. This is a fungal disease spreading through the soil which attacks the roots of the plant. One of the only ways to get rid of root rot is to remove it from the soil and destroy the impacted plant. In its early stages, you may be able to combat root rot by pulling back parts of the soil to allow moisture to evaporate, and keeping it completely dry.