Economic hardship awaits millions living in Europe and the world beyond this year as authorities battle mounting political chaos. The issues stand to bite Britons the hardest, as the Government also cements plans to hike National Insurance rates to fund social care. Interest rates could add another aggravating factor into the mix as people struggle to borrow money from leading banks. Overall British interest rates fall under the jurisdiction of the Bank of England in the UK as "bank rates". This rate outlines how much high street banks can borrow from the UK's central bank and determines whether or not they have to pass the costs to customers. The Bank of England has already raised its bank rate twice since December 2021; the first rise came following the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) meeting on December 16, 2021, when members adjusted it by 0.15 percent from 10.10 to 0.25 percent. READ MORE: Cost of living crisis ‘threatening the state of UK pensioners’ During their following meeting on February 2, 2022, a majority vote saw it increased by another 0.25 percent to 0.5 percent. The MPC has another meeting coming up this week on March 17, when they will decide whether to raise it again. Neil Debenham, a career entrepreneur, corporate consultant and CEO of the Fintrex consultancy, told Express.co.uk it is "expected" the bank will hike the rates once again. He cited recent world events and their knock-on effect on energy prices as the primary aggravating factors. Mr Debenham said: “Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has caused the already precarious world economy to face even greater instability. "The current war has sent shock waves across financial markets, resulting in rising energy prices and causing inflation to soar to new heights. "With oil prices surging to over $100 (£76.83) a barrel for the first time since 2014 and inflation now at a 30 year high, the Bank of England is expected to increase interest rates for the third time in three months." "The Bank of England knows the rising cost of living has to be managed in the short-term." "The added market uncertainty spurred on by instability in Eastern Europe could place additional financial pressures on consumers and businesses already feeling the squeeze, particularly when it comes to energy prices." While the MPC decision will impact most ordinary people, it may not correct the economy. Mr Debenham questioned whether it would have positive or long-lasting consequences. He said: "Raising the rate of interest does have consequences, however." "Theoretically, a hike should reduce inflation by curbing consumer spending. "However, given the current market uncertainty, it is difficult to assume a modest rise will have any immediate or prolonged impact on the economy. "With the country keen to progress past the pandemic, the last thing anyone wants is the risk of a global economic recession at this precarious time.”