Mr Scholz has come under scrutiny over his appearance at a talk show that saw him insist the Kremlin's attacks on its neighbour had been foreseen "for a long time" and that the West had been engaged in a lot of "preparation and a great plan" ahead of the events of February 24. German journalist and commentator Jürgen Kaube dubbed the chancellor's attitude evasive and as not doing justice to the severity of what is happening in Eastern Europe. He said: "The politician gives the impression as if it was impossible to irritate him. Especially with a war." As a guest on Anne Will, a show on public broadcaster ARD, Mr Scholz emphasised there had been "a great deal of advance discussion" long before Russian President Vladimir Putin escalated a conflict that has its roots in Moscow's demand for guarantees NATO would never admit Ukraine as a member. According to the 63-year-old leader, who took Angela Merkel's seat in December 2021, the government does everything in their power through rigorous preparation and hence efficient steps – all while remaining careful. Mr Kaube, putting into question the actions taken by Germany, said: "Scholz lets us know that he always sees things coming. Without saying 'there were no alternatives', he presents his decisions, which are always formulated in the first person plural." Ukraine War LIVE: Zelensky slams 'afraid' Macron at key turning point Energy is at the forefront of Western leaders' discussions about how to ramp up pressure on Putin, and so it was during Mr Scholz's interview on the show. Painting the picture, once again, of an evasive and hard-to-irritate chancellor, Mr Kaube wrote in the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, where he is an editor-at-large: "When the journalist asks him about his reaction to people dying in Ukraine, he responds with the claim that Putin 'mostly; and 'essentially' cannot do anything with the money from the energy deliveries because of the sanctions". This is the narrative that Mr Scholz pushed as he presented Berlin's stance on energy last week. Last Wednesday, he stressed sanctions "must not hit the European countries harder than the Russian leadership". Arguing that an immediate ban on Russian energy imports would trigger an economic recession in Germany and across Europe, Mr Scholz said the country would end its energy dependence on Russia in due course but cutting all ties now would hit an unprepared economy. He told the Bundestag: "We will end this dependence [on Russian oil, coal and gas] as quickly as we can, but to do that from one day to the next would mean plunging our country and all of Europe into a recession. "The truth is that the sanctions that have already been decided also hit many citizens hard, and not just at the gas pump." Two days earlier, as the European Union's foreign ministers met to discuss the energy matter, Germany — backed by the Netherlands and Hungary — was clear in that it opposed deciding on an oil and gas embargo. German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock told reporters: "The question of an oil embargo is not a question of whether we want or don't want (it), but a question of how much we depend on oil." Meanwhile, France, Ireland and Baltic states such as Lithuania signalled support for a harder line. Lithuanian Foreign Minister Gabrielius Landsbergis asked: "Why should Europe give Putin more time to earn more money from oil and gas?" DON'T MISSRussian soldiers turn 'toys' into bombs [INSIGHT]Four key countries remaining quiet on Putin's war [ANALYSIS]Why Russia is failing in Ukraine [EXPLAINER] Mr Kaube slammed the government's position. He said: "SPD (Mr Scholz's Social Democratic Party), together with Chancellor Merkel, planned Nord Stream 2, and shamefully stuck to it until the last second. "Of course, Scholz reminds the host that he has long been in favour of liquefied gas terminals. "Because this is the rhetorical corset into which Scholz squeezes all his answers: to have already foreseen everything afterwards." Nord Stream 2, which is owned by Russia's state-backed energy giant Gazprom and runs from western Siberia to Germany, doubles the capacity of the already-in-use Nord Stream 1 pipeline. Construction was completed last September, and if regulators had given it the green light to operate, it could have heated 26 million German homes at an affordable price. There was no green light. However, it seems that in Mr Kaube's view, that decision came too late, as the project was only halted after Moscow formally recognised the two breakaway regions of Luhansk and Donetsk, in eastern Ukraine. According to Mr Kaube, the Chancellor plays with saying things have been planned ahead "and that Germany had led the way in everything" – including in a historical turning point. On February 27, four days into the full-scale war, Mr Scholz gave an emotional speech at the Bundestag. He said Russia had launched a "cold-blooded war of aggression" that was "inhumane and contrary to international law" that marked a "turning point in the history of our continent". Mr Kaube, looking back at the Chancellor's address, said: "There is considerable arrogance when talking about a turning point. "The attempt to present one's own policy as having been planned throughout (the time ahead of the war) cannot hide this." Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg