Orchids don’t grow like other houseplants. Instead of putting out roots in a pot of soil, they exist in a container of loose materials such as bark, charcoal, and moss. Repotting can be the most fussy time for orchid plants because they are susceptible to disease and gardeners will be exposing the roots, but with a little care, they can repot orchids with great results. Kate Lindley, houseplant expert at Baby Bio have advised that plant owners check the “overall health” of their orchids before even thinking about repotting them. She said: “As we approach spring, the first thing to do is check the overall health of your orchid so that it’s in the best condition to bloom throughout its active growing season. “Look for signs of pest infestations or damaged roots before repotting, and remove any damaged leaves or old sheaths. “Most species should not be in bloom, so trim back the stem that previously had blooms on it back to the node.” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Kate explained how orchid plants need to be regularly inspected to check whether it is the right time for repotting. She said: “Carefully inspect its root system and ensure it has plenty of space to thrive. “If roots appear tight and tangled or you spot white roots growing out of the container, it may be time to repot! “Another sign your orchid might need repotting is if its roots are beginning to rot, or appear soft and brown, as this could be a sign that your compost is no longer draining effectively.” DON'T MISS:Gardening: How to get rid of weeds and stop them from spreading  [INSIGHT]Property: Kitchen interior trends to avoid - ‘can put buyers off’ [EXPERT]Gardening jobs: 7 crucial jobs for March gardens [TIPS] Kate shared how to repot orchids whilst “promoting aeration”. She said: “To repot it, start by taking a bark-based orchid compost which promotes aeration to the roots and drainage, and cover it in boiling water in a large bucket. “Allow the mixture to sit for half an hour, then drain. “Next, remove your orchid from its current pot by tipping the container to the side and gently teasing the plant and its roots free.” Once the orchid has been successfully removed, the plant should be laid on a clean surface and any compost mix gathered around the root ball should be removed. Kate explained how using the correct tools is essential when pruning dead orchid roots. She said: “Using a clean, sharp pair of scissors or pruner, cut off any dead roots that aren’t firm and plump. “Orchids are susceptible to disease, so it’s important to make sure your tools are sterilised!” When potting the houseplant into a new container add a little of the potting mix to the bottom, then place the orchid in the pot so that it sits comfortably level with the top of the container and fill the gaps around the side with more potting mix. Kate added: “Consider using a clear plastic pot so that you can monitor root health easily. “Finally, trim any aerial roots that don’t fit nicely inside the new pot with clean, sharp scissors. “Once potted, give healthy leaves a clean so that it can absorb optimum sunlight. “Gently wipe the leaves using tepid water to remove dust, supporting the underside of the leaf with your hand."