Tobias Ellwood, the Chair of the House of Commons Defence Select Committee urged the Government to increase its defence spending to three percent of GDP. The UK's current defence expenditure is around two percent of GDP. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Ellwood warned the UK's "whole security apparatus" needs an "urgent review". The MP added the UK is entering a "new era of instability" as a result of Russia's close relationship with China, stressing that the "world is getting more dangerous, not less". He also hit out at the Government for "running away from the fight" with Vladimir Putin, urging the UK to "do more" to defend Ukraine. This comes in the wake of bitter fighting between Ukraine and Russia, after Russian President Vladimir Putin confirmed his plan to invade the country last week. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Ellwood said: "We need to move to three percent. "We need to wake up to this. Immediately. "Operationally we need to be supporting Ukraine through military equipment, and even the consideration of a no-fly zone. "Because if we don't, where does this go to next? "More strategically we need to recognise that we are experiencing a turning point in European security. That must be addressed urgently." READ MORE: 'Plays into Putin hands!' Boris told huge blunder about to backfire He called on the Government to take further measures to defend Ukraine, including the implementation of a No-Fly Zone. Mr Ellwood said: "What needs to change immediately is our appetite to support our Ukrainian friends in need. "A sovereign state has been attacked, invaded by another sovereign state in Europe. Are we going to sit back and watch? "We've been so hesitant and risk-averse, for fear of antagonising Putin, failing to recognise that this plays into his hands." DON'T MISS: Russia attacked as Ukrainian army accused of bombing airport [REPORT] Putin left reeling as key ally Belarus refuses to join war [REACTION] Putin's tanks 'turning back' after being confronted by Ukrainians [INSIGHT] He added: "If Kyiv falls, then history will ask why the West didn't do more. "Why specifically we've benched the most potent asset we have that Putin fears - namely, the military might of our hardware deterrents. "[An alliance between Russia and China] is game-changing. "It takes us into a new era of instability, which points also to why our defence spending, our whole security apparatus needs urgent review." Mr Ellwood warned "the world is getting more dangerous, not less" but that currently, "we are running away from the fight not standing up to it". He concluded: "The wider issue here is that we are setting a precedent that other authoritarian regimes are watching carefully. "If Putin gets his way, where will he go to next and where might other dictators advance their own agendas? Specifically china. "This is what we faced in 1938. Do we simply run away because the bully looks too big? "At what point do we stand up and remind ourselves that security requires work? "It requires effort and yes it requires taking risks."