 As Putin’s invasion of Ukraine continues to rage on, Western officials have become increasingly concerned that the President could order chemical weapons to be used on Kyiv. Officials claimed that an “utterly horrific” attack on Ukraine’s capital could be unleashed, as Russian forces continue to be plagued by logistical issues that are preventing them from entering the city. The White House also claimed that Russia could be planning a chemical or biological assault in Ukraine and insisted that “we should all be on the lookout”. White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said the fear of chemical warfare was partly because of what had been seen in previous places where Russia had engaged such as Syria, where chemical weapons were used by Putin’s allies. Ms Psaki said: “We should all be on the lookout for Russia to possibly use chemical or biological weapons in Ukraine, or to create a false flag operation using them ‒ it’s a clear pattern.” Putin first became Russian President in 1999 and in his time in the top job he has tried to carefully cultivate a “strongman” image. The pursuit of a macho persona has led him to being pictured riding bare-chested in Siberia and taking a dip in icy Siberian water. Read More: EXPERT reveals how to psychologically beat 'malignant narcissist Putin  However this “strongman” image was compromised during a 2019 International Women’s Day event, after the Russian President was humiliated by a horse. According to the Independent, footage of the Russian President cantering on horseback alongside female police officers was being broadcast across the country. Putin was visiting a mounted police regiment in Moscow on the eve of International Women’s Day, which is on March 8 each year. The Russian leader was riding a brown horse while being flanked by women on white horses. However, Putin then took centre stage as the officers surrounded him in rows, but the President’s unruly horse led to an awkward broadcast for the Russian viewers. Putin’s horse reportedly would not stay in formation and began to walk backwards despite the leader’s best attempts to stop it. Guards had to awkwardly coax the horse back into line. The incident would have been particularly bruising to Putin, who has spent decades curating a strongman cult of personality. Don't Miss:Russian state TV's 'Putin loves children' claim before hospital strike[ANALYSIS]Russia's nuclear threat dismissed by Ukraine MP: 'Overstated'[OPINION]NASA astronaut exposed anger over US-Russia space deals[INSIGHT]  According to Ruth Ben-Ghiat, the author of Strongmen: Mussolini to the Present, the word “strongman” refers to: “Authoritarians who damage or destroy democracy and use machismo as a tool of rule, along with violence, corruption and propaganda.” Ms Ben-Ghiat also said, while speaking to Mother Jones, that “strongmen” are actually “weak and insecure” individuals though they want to appear to the supporters as “saviours, defenders, sex symbols at times, and other male archetypes.” She added: “[Putin’s strongman image] which often has him shirtless, is used to present him as the embodiment of Russian ‘strength’, and his crude and violent way of speaking Putinisms, full of threats, is part of that.” Yesterday, a maternity and children’s hospital in the Ukrainian port city of Mauripol was hit by a Russian air strike.  The attack, which has been condemned across the world, was labelled a war crime by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Ukraine has confirmed that a six-year-old child was among three people that were killed in the airstrike. Mr Zelensky said: “Mauripol. Direct strike of Russian troops at the maternity hospital. People, children are under the wreckage. Atrocity.” “How much longer will the world be an accomplice ignoring terror?  “Close the sky right now! Stop the killings! You have power but you seem to be losing humanity”. NATO has been reluctant to implement a no-fly zone over Ukraine, with Putin having threatened severe or potentially nuclear retaliation to Western military intervention in Ukraine. Western leaders have argued that Putin would breach the no-fly zone, forcing them to shoot down the plane and essentially starting World War 3.