The troops urged their people to rise up against Putin. They also warned fellow soldiers are being thrown into mass graves. The group of Russian soldiers spoke during a press conference with news agency Interfax-Ukraine.  Alexei Zheleznyak is one of the soldiers, of the 34th Russian motorised rifle brigade, to surrender to Ukraine's forces. He warned the Kremlin would never be able to send enough soldiers into Ukraine to take the country. He said: "Putin, without declaring war, is bombing residents, hospitals, cities of Ukraine. "People of Russia, don't look at the zombies. JUST IN: Russia EXODUS as flurry of private jets leave Moscow for Dubai  "The Ukrainian people are a brave people. "They will stop this Russian equipment even without weapons. "They are united. "No matter how much Putin sends his troops here, he will not capture this territory. DON'T MISS: Desperate Putin planned 'last-ditch' rally to raise troop morale [VIDEO]Caring Britain will stand firm at Ukraine’s side [EXPRESS COMMENT]Ukraine war LIVE: Terrifying 'invisible' missile fired for first time [LIVE BLOG]   "Our commander-in-chief is a liar and a deceiver of all our people. "He deceived not only us, but the whole of Russia. "He simply made fascists out of us." Another soldier, Mustafaev Mugsad, of the 34th separate motorised rifle brigade of the Russian Federation, said: "How people are sitting in basements for days, how they die. "I wouldn't say if I didn't see it myself. People will remember our aggression for centuries. "People, military men of Russia, finally take off your rose-coloured glasses and see what is happening in Ukraine." Mr Mugsad added: "The troops of the Russian Federation brought grief and destruction, in one day crossing out the peaceful life of the Ukrainian people."   Another Russian soldier, Igor Rudenko, signalman of the 126th separate coastal defence brigade of the Russian Federation, said his "decision to surrender was the right" one. He said: "If you the Russian army have the honour remaining, do not repeat my mistakes. "Take the troops away, because Putin does not need us. "He does not even take the corpses. They are thrown into mass graves. It's hard to see." Alexander Fomenko, a Russian commander of the automobile department of the 126th separate coastal defence brigade, urged his nation to "take to the streets". He added: "Do not be afraid of our government. They will not trample on the crowd. Yes, they will detain 10,000-20,000 people, but there are more of you. "You can go out and stop this chaos. Peaceful people suffer here, children." 