Top Boy fans have been binge-watching the epic gang drama since the new episodes were released on Netflix. Plenty of unexpected plot twists came about in the final instalment which left viewers stunned. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about how Kit's (played by Kadeem Ramsay) story came to an end on Top Boy. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Top Boy season 2.The premiere episode of Top Boy season two kick-started with the shocking death of Ats Ayittey (played by Keiyon Cook). His mum Amma Ayittey (Jolade Obasola) had been searching the streets for him but his body was later discovered in a skip and the Summerhouse gang was desperate to find out what happened. After an investigation led by Jaq (Jasmine Jobson) led them to Ats' killer, what they didn't know was that Kit hired him to rough the youngster up after he helped send his friend Jamie Tovell (Micheal Ward) to prison in season one. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby? Unfortunately, Ats tried to fight back which led to the gangster shooting him dead. To try and keep the secret under wraps, Kit murdered his hitman but Dushane Hill (Ashley Walters) grew suspicious as he wasn't able to speak to him before his death. Having asked Jamie to find out if Kit was involved, he confessed to what really happened and Dushane ordered his death. Jamie initially refused to murder Kit, deciding on a plan to run away to Cardiff until he saw what the move would do to his younger brothers Aaron (Hope Ikpoku Jr) and Stefan (Araloyin Oshunremi). So in a shock move just before the friends were about to drive off to pick up Jamie's brothers, he shot Kit in the head and walked away from the crime scene without looking back. As of yet, Kit actor Kareem Ramsay hasn't released a statement regarding his exit. Top Boy season two came out in full on Friday, March 19, on Netflix. All eight episodes were dropped in one go and fans have been slowly making their way through each of them over the weekend. So it is still very early days for the latest series of the drug gang drama and so he may not want to spoil the ending for fans. DON'T MISS...Car SOS stars open up on 'worst' project ever completed 'Got it wrong' [VIDEO]Top Boy fans left 'in tears' over season 2 finale death  [REACTION]Top Boy season 2 ending explained: Is Jamie really dead? [EXPLAINER] So at the moment, there is no clear indication of why Ramsay left Top Boy. However, it may have simply been a creative decision made by the show's writers to kill Kit off. Alternatively, the reason could be due to Ramsay wanting to move and work on something new. According to his IMDB page, the 32-year-old actor will be starring in the upcoming movie The Sun Also Rises which is currently in post-production. There has been no talk of a third season of Top Boy on Netflix just yet. Fans had to wait three years before it returned for the second outing. But given its extensive popularity and the death of more than one character in the drama, it is bound to make a comeback to explain what happens next. Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix. Top Boy Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix.