Sky will hike the prices for millions of customers tomorrow, April 1. But unfortunately, this is no prank. The satellite company will be increasing prices by an average of £3.60 extra a month, the latest is a slew of record-breaking price spikes for customers, including a 9.3 percent increase from BT, Vodafone, Plusnet, and EE. Those who will be clobbered by the latest price spike should have already been contacted by Sky. The broadband and telly company sent out emails to customers within the last month with the subject line "Important changes to your Sky subscription". In the email, it confirms that its price rise will kickstart from April 1, 2022. It adds: "At Sky, we're always working to bring you unmissable entertainment, the most innovative products and award-winning services to enjoy. So that we can continue to give you the best experience possible we sometimes need to review our pricing. Your prices will change in your April bill." So, how much more can you expect to pay for your broadband and television from Sky? As a guide, Sky says the average customer will pay an additional £3.60 a month. However, the extra charges you'll see in your monthly bill depends on the packages you're subscribed to. For example, the cost of the Signature TV bundle, BT Sport and High Definition picture quality upgrade all increases by £1 extra a month. So, those who watch BT Sport in High Definition will see their telly bill rise by £3 each month. On top of that, Sky has confirmed that broadband plans will be increasing by £2.50 a month – that's £30 a year. That means the Broadband Essential plan is rising from £25 to £27.50 a month, meanwhile Broadband Superfast will increase from £28 to £30.50 a month. Speaking about the latest round of price rises, a spokesperson for Sky said: “We know price increases are never welcome so we aim to keep prices as low as possible while still delivering the content customers love, the flexibility to choose the right package, and our leading customer service.” If you're out-of-contract, it's possible to renegotiate a new deal with your current provider. This could help you to unlock smaller bills for the same package (usually under the condition that you sign-up to a new contract with a minimum contract term – locking you in for a certain amount of time) or enjoy more channels or faster speeds for the same monthly fee. And since you're out-of-contract, there's nothing stopping you from moving from Sky to another company to unlock a better deal. You can check out our comprehensive guides to the best Sky TV deals and the best broadband deals in the UK to find out the latest prices. If you're not out-of-contract, unfortunately, there's nothing too much you can do. You'll just have to deal with the higher monthly bills.