Google fans could be just a few weeks away from seeing the Pixel 6a and Pixel Watch. As reported by Android Police, leakers have discovered proof in a retailer's inventory system of an upcoming Google device codenamed "Rohan", which is a codename previously rumoured for the Pixel Watch. As with other smartwatches, it looks like the Pixel Watch will come in cellular and non-cellular models, as well as being fitted with 32GB of storage and coming in black, grey and gold colour schemes. Besides the Pixel Watch, another codename for an unannounced Google gadget – bluejay – was also discovered. This one has been linked to the upcoming Google Pixel 6a handset. The database listing reveals the Pixel 6a will be fitted with 128GB of built-in, non-expandable storage with black, white and green colour options listed too. Seeing Pixel 6a and Pixel Watch are already being listed on the back-end of the Google online store, it seems likely that it won't be long till these Google gadgets are finally announced.  And Android fans may only be a few months away from seeing Google lift the lid on these products, with a possible reveal at Google I/O 2022 tipped. The major Google event should be held in May 2022, judging by the schedules for past IO streams. An official date for Google IO 2022 hasn't been announced yet, but fans may have found out already which date they'll need to put down in their diaries. Notable leaker Jon Prosser has claimed the Pixel Watch will be getting announced on May 26. If that's the case then that's when IO 2022 could be taking place.  Rumours of a Pixel Watch have been swirling around for some time now, with whispers of a Google-made wearable dating back as far as 2018. As with the Pixel line, a Pixel Watch is expected to showcase the full power of Google's very-own operating systems - in this case WearOS as opposed to Android. According to previous leaks, the Pixel Watch could feature a circular watch face with a bezel-less display, no buttons on the side and a single crown on the right-hand side that users will use to interact with the watch. It's believed the Pixel Watch could also be fitted with a Samsung chip that's used to track movement, and Google could be getting help making Pixel Watch thanks to their acquisition of FitBit. 