The state pension is relied upon by millions, many of whom will want to see the highest increases possible to the sum. Many pensioners described being let down this year, after it was announced the triple lock measure would temporarily be halted. However, good news could be on the horizon, as the updated Bank of England inflation forecast may spell a “bumper increase” of over eight percent. It is predicted inflation may reach eight percent by the spring, and might be even higher later in the year. Previous forecasts, though, had suggested a peak in April followed by a gradual decline. Although a squeeze could be felt on finances in the short term, there could be longer term benefits for pensioners. READ MORE: State pension to rise but triple lock freeze means Britons miss out Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, explained: “The calculation of the increase from April 2023 will use inflation till September 2022, which could be near its peak of eight percent or above. “The triple lock will pay this, or even more if earnings growth is higher again. “Without the Government doing any further tinkering, this could put state pensioners on target for a bumper eight percent plus increase in 2023, potentially the highest increase ever, compensating for the relatively low increase this April. “While not helping to alleviate this year’s pressures, it will at least offer a more generous increase in the future. DON'T MISS‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [UPDATE]State pension: Can you inherit a state pension? [INSIGHT]Britons drawn into HIGHER taxes in Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth’ move [EXCLUSIVE] “Any significant increase in the state pension will boost the income of current state pensioners and future generations.” The state pension triple lock was devised to ensure pensioners would benefit in real terms each year. It grants increases of the highest of earnings growth, inflation or 2.5 percent. However, this year the earnings component was removed by the Government due to fears increases taken by this measure would be unaffordable.  What do you think about the state pension and potential increases? Join the debate in the comments section here. Distortions due to the pandemic and furlough meant predictions of an eight percent rise. Instead, the state pension payment, alongside benefits will rise by 3.1 percent this year. This is far below the current inflation rate of 5.5 percent, leaving many pensioners dismayed. The Bank of England also made a major decision today to increase its base rate to 0.75 percent. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This means it is at the highest level since the start of the pandemic back in March 2020. A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “The one-year move to temporarily suspend the triple lock ensures fairness for both pensioners and taxpayers. “It follows action we took last year to protect pensioner incomes. “We know this has been a challenging time for many people, which is why we’re providing support worth around £12billion this financial year and next to help households across the country with the cost of living. “A further £9billion was recently announced by the Chancellor to protect against the impact of rising global energy prices.”