Pistol will be the next celebrity-focused biopic to come out on Disney+ and Hulu, following the success of Lily James' Pam and Tommy earlier this year. The series has been brought to life by Trainspotting and 127 Hours director Danny Boyle. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know on Pistol. There isn't too much longer to wait before Pistol is ready to watch on Disney+ in the UK and Hulu in the States. The global release date for Pistol will be Tuesday, May 31, so there is just two more months left before it premieres. Unlike Pam and Tommy, episodes are not going to be released on a weekly basis. Instead, all six episodes will come out on the day of Pistol's release at the end of May. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Leading the cast as guitarist Steve Jones is Australian actor Toby Wallace who rose to fame in the soap Neighbours in 2012 as Corey O'Donohue. He has since been in Babyteeth, The Society, Romper Stomper and Acute Misfortune. His band members are going to be portrayed by The Winter Lake's Anson Boon as John Lydon, Sun Records' Christian Lees as Glen Matlock, Enola Holmes' Louis Partridge as Sid Vicious and newcomer Jacob Slater as Paul Cook. Other familiar faces who will be making an appearance include Maisie Williams, Emma Appleton, Thomas Brodie-Sangster and Talulah Riley. Pistol will be about the English punk rock band the Sex Pistols who originally formed in 1975. Their career originally may have lasted just under three years but they are widely considered as one of the most iconic bands in music history. Together, they were responsible for launching the punk movement in the UK. Pistol will be based on Jones' 2017 memoir entitled Lonely Boy: Tales from a Sex Pistol. DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith  [REACTION]How many episodes are in Moon Knight on Disney Plus? [EXPLAINER]Moon Knight cast: Who is in the Disney Plus series?  [CAST] The official synopsis reads: “The furious, raging storm at the center of this revolution are the Sex Pistols – and at the center of this series is Sex Pistols’ founding member and guitarist, Steve Jones. "Jones’ hilarious, emotional and at times heartbreaking journey guides us through a kaleidoscopic telling of three of the most epic, chaotic and mucus-spattered years in the history of music. "Based on Jones’ memoir Lonely Boy: Tales from a Sex Pistol, this is the story of a band of spotty, noisy, working-class kids with 'no future', who shook the boring, corrupt establishment to its core, threatened to bring down the government and changed music and culture forever.” No, a trailer has not yet been released for Pistol on Disney+ and Hulu. Typically, teasers come out a few weeks prior to the start date of a series. So a trailer may be released closer to the time of May 31, gearing up fans for the limited series. Express.co.uk will update this article when a trailer is available to watch. Pistol will premiere on Tuesday, May 31, on Hulu in America and Disney+ in the UK.