While the international response to the new invasion of Ukraine has been unprecedented, Russians have "already turned back to the Soviet mindset where they believe the state media beyond all else”, and continue to blame the West. Sanctions - dubbed by Vladimir Putin as the "equivalent to declaring war on Russia”  - have already led to a financial crisis not witnessed since the 1990s. Russia’s central bank is no longer able to deploy some £600bn in foreign exchange and gold reserves and has hiked its interest rates to 20 percent. The rouble is in freefall and long queues outside banks as customers calmer to withdraw cash are now a daily fixture. Apple, Microsoft, Oracle and PayPal have all severed ties with the country while, outside Europe, Singapore has now joined Japan , South Korea and Taiwan in banning all local financial institutions from conducting transactions, including through cryptocurrency, with five major Russian banks. In one recent Russian news bulletin, economist Alexander Butmanov , founder of the Allies investment group, said: "Worst case scenario, I’m going to work as Santa Clause as I did 25 years ago.” Pulling out a bottle of vodka he added: “I’m going to drink to Sergei Usychenko who drank to the death of the stock market.” He added: “Dear stock market, you were close to us. Rest in peace, Comrade.” As Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov announced plans to support the Russian economy against what he termed "economic banditry", even Russia’s oligarchs - now unable to draw on their foreign assets - were beginning tentatively to question Putin's strategy. While there have been protests - most recently in St Peterburg - pinning any hope on Putin’s downfall in the short to medium term is ”reckless’ while he continues to successfully restrict access to information at home. BBC news joined the Canadian Broadcasting Corp, CNN and Italian broadcaster RAI in suspending services in Russia after draconian censorship laws threatened  a prison sentence of up to 15 years for journalists who spread "fake news”. And Russia’s telecoms regulator Roskomnadzor has added Twitter to its list of banned social media sites after having also blocked Facebook. “Talk of a palace coup is reckless,” said Dr Jade McGlynn of the Henry Jackson Society think tank. "Even I am shocked by how brainwashed some of the Russians I've spoken to recently are. These were colleagues from my research days In Russia. They’re not rabid Putin fans" She added: 'When we imposed all our crippling sanctions on Yugoslavia, people continued to rally round Slobodan Milošević. “That’s what people do when they are told  they are being attacked from outside. And this is the narrative they are being fed, and are choosing to believe.” Keri Giles, a senior consulting fellow of the Russia and Eurasia Programme at Chatham House, said: “There is no reason for optimism. Putin has been preparing as much for economic angst at home as for his assaults abroad. “That’s why he has increased domestic censorship. And Russians have already accepted this. "They’ve already turned back to the Soviet mindset where they believe the state media beyond all else. "They know that their economy is crushing badly, but that’s a different question to who they are going to blame it on." There are cracks , however, particularly with the military. Members of Putin’s siloviki, the former intelligence officers who form part of his inner circle,  are unhappy about his use of Chechen mercenaries in Ukraine - another sign of his failure to consult with so many in his own government and the upper echelons of his armed forces. The poor performance of Russian troops - and better than expected resistance of Ukrainians - has caused mass casualties. And these have included at least senior officers, such as Major General Andrey Sukhovetsky, a paratrooper and deputy commander of the 41st Combined Arms Army, felled by a sniper on Wednesday. One western official said: “The reason why that's happening is that commanders feel they have to move further forward to get greater impetus and control over operations.” In a recent interview Mikhail Khodorkovsky, once Russia's richest man before he fell foul of the Kremlin, said the Army remained Putin’s most dangerous threat. “The army represents  approximately half of all armed people in Russia, and Ukrainians have traditionally played a significant role within it,” he said. While senior officers will ultimately overcome misgivings - even to the extent of invading a Nato country - he said this will change when “when army starts suffering obvious losses.” Dr Jade McGlynn added: “Historically the role of the army in Russia has tended to be apolitical. It is  not used to quell protests, for instance - that’s down by the National Guard and riot police “But it’s safe to say we should not hold our breath for any hope that Putin’s position may be threatened, not in the medium term, anyway.”