The fourth series of Drive to Survive has dropped just days before the new 2022 season gets underway in Bahrain as the likes of Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen go head to head once more given last season’s controversial and much talked about climax. With Verstappen currently reigning champion following his Abu Dhabi Grand Prix victory in December 2021, fans will get an all-access look behind the scenes of the build-up which led to the results. But away from the action on the track, Netflix's Drive to Survive has added a tribute to cameraman Thomas Bonnecarrere. French camera operator Thomas died on May 25, 2021, at the age of 49. His cause of death is unknown but he was a popular and highly-regarded figure by those behind the scenes of the F1 circuit. So much so, Drive to Survive season four, episode two has been dedicated to him. Before the credits rolled on the episode, a title card appeared with a snap of Thomas and the words written over the top: “Dedicated to Thomas Bonnecarrere. 1972-2021.” READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell On June 6, 2021, the first Grand Prix after Thomas’ death, a number of staff in the paddock paid their respects with a minute of silence. Taking place in Azerbaijan, a one-minute silence was also held for McLaren shareholder Mansour Ojjeh and racing legend Max Mosley. On the day of his death, the official Formula 1 Twitter account paid tribute to Thomas with a highlights package of some of his work. The caption read: “In loving memory of Thomas Bonnecarrere. “Renowned for his work behind the camera, loved for his passion and warmth, his artistry shone through on Sunday just as it has for the last 30 years. “He will be deeply missed,” it signed off, prompting thousands to echo their messages of condolences. And tributes continued to pour in from those who worked closely with him within the sport. Journalist and broadcaster Will Buxton said on Twitter at the time: “Truly devastated by the loss of our dear friend Thomas Bonnecarrere. DON'T MISS:Christian Horner backtracks on controversial Mercedes remarkLewis Hamilton's complaints about new Mercedes car as Red Bull fumeJohnny Herbert details why he fears Mercedes may 'have a dominant car' “A talented and passionate artist through whose eyes you watched racing for 30 years. “More than that, though, he was a lovely man and a proud father, whose heart was filled with kindness and who exuded pure joy. While fellow broadcaster Mark James added: “The world is a poorer place this morning with the news of the death of Thomas Bonnecarrere. “You may not have have known his name, but you’ll have seen his camera work on F1, WTCC, WEC, TCR and a whole lot more. RIP old friend.” (Sic) The fourth season of Drive to Survive is made up of 10 episodes, all available to stream at once. With so much drama taking place on the track during the 2021 season, the fourth run promises to be its most action-packed yet. Drive to Survive has already bagged a BAFTA TV Craft Award and Royal Television Society Award as well as bagging nominations at the Broadcast Awards and Cinema Audio Society. Drive to Survive seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.