Budget airline Jet2 is a popular choice for many tourists from all over the UK. Which passengers can take a cabin bag? Jet2 states: “You may carry on board one piece of hand luggage free of charge, as long as it weighs no more than 10kg and is no larger than 56cm x 45cm x 25cm, including any wheels and handles. “If your hand luggage weighs more or is larger than this, it will need to be checked into the aircraft hold, and you may have to pay an additional charge.” Passengers must check that the wheels and handles of their cabin bag fit within the minimum dimensions. They will also need to weigh it before travelling to the airport to make sure it is within the weight limits. READ MORE: Chaos ensues for tourists at Tenerife South airport The airline said: “You can also bring a small, personal item on board (such as a handbag, laptop bag, or airport purchases, as long as it is placed under the seat in front of you. “Please note that you cannot drink any alcohol purchased at the airport (or beforehand) during the flight.” Passengers must make sure that any additional item can fit under the seat in front of them if they want to bring it on the plane. Jet2 also has rules on alcohol consumption and passengers will not be able to drink duty free purchases on the plane. Jet2 said: “All hand luggage is carried in the cabin at our discretion, and we reserve the right to check it into the aircraft hold for operational or capacity reasons. “If this is the case, you must ensure that you remove all valuable items (including travel documents, money, medication, keys, spare lithium batteries, as well as any electronic items containing lithium batteries) and carry these with you in the cabin.” In some cases, the airline may need to check a passenger’s bag into the hold even if it is within the cabin size and weight limits. Passengers will have to put their cabin bag in the hold if that is the case and wait at baggage claim to pick it up. Can passengers ensure their bag doesn’t get put in the hold? Jet2 passengers can register for ‘Guaranteed Cabin Luggage’ if they want to make sure their bag is kept in the cabin. The airline said: “Subject to availability, you can pre-book Guaranteed Cabin Luggage for an extra charge, and if you have purchased this service, you will not be asked to put your hand baggage in the hold.” However, passengers will need to put their bag in the hold if it exceeds the maximum size or weight limits. Passengers who have booked checked luggage can pay for up to three bags weighing 23kg per person. If baggage exceeds the weight limit, passengers will need to pay an excess fee of £12 per kg. Passengers carrying sports equipment or other outsize luggage should leave extra time for the check in process. Jet2 also advises passengers to ensure that their baggage is strong and can withstand the normal baggage handling process.