Our House is the gripping thriller airing this week on ITV, concluding on Thursday, March 10, at 9pm with episode four. The series has seen Fi (played by Tuppence Middleton) and Bram Lawson (Martin Compston) lose their family home with the former also questioning the whereabouts of her husband. Someone who has made the situation even more complicated is the presence of mysterious Wendy (Buket Komur). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Our House.Fi and Bram have been an estranged couple for years, living together out of convenience and for the sake of the children. As she started a fling with Toby (Rupert Penry Jones), Bram met Wendy and it wasn't too long before there were sparks flying. However, after sleeping together, she confessed she knew Bram's secret of being involved in hit and run, stating: "I'm a witness, I saw you." Episode three went on to reveal it was actually Bram who sold the house so he could pay off Wendy and her secret blackmailing partner-in-crime Toby. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? When speaking to press, including Express.co.uk, actress Buket Komur, who is believed to be in her early 20s, revealed she had been following co-star Compston's career for years. She said: "I feel like I had a proper education from Martin [Compston] because I feel he's a bit of a national treasure in a way. "And this is my first supporting role so I felt I was in good hands, even offset, I try to steal advice from Martin and try and get little tips and tricks. "It was a bit of a full-circle moment for me, I remember studying his first film Sweet Sixteen at my A-Level film studies class. "So it's kind of weird going from writing essays about films and TV shows and years later, getting to have him as a scene partner, it was amazing." This led Compston to joke: "It makes me feel very proud and very old." He continued: "Buket's a wee firecracker...I've been doing this a long time now and you can get a bit complacent and when somebody comes on who is full of energy, full of enthusiasm, it really perks you up. "When you see someone having so much fun on set, it just reminds you of what a joy this job is to do sometimes. "So that is essential when you get new talent on - she's got a big future ahead of her." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell [EXPLAINER]Richard Madeley sparks uproar again with Ukraine joke [REACTION]‘Expected better’ Our House viewers ‘switch off’ ahead of finale [SOCIAL MEDIA] The ITV drama is based on the 2019 book of the same name by novelist Louise Candlish. The Sunday Times best-seller may not be a true story but it was inspired by the very real crime of property fraud. Candlish told Crime Element: “Properties have become overvalued, and people have become these accidental millionaires living in fairly average houses. “At the same time, a whole terrible industry of property fraud has grown up. "I really wanted to write about a crime that I hadn’t read about before in fiction.” Our House is a mini-series which consists of four episodes in total. A new instalment has aired every night on ITV this week with just one more episode to go. Alternatively, viewers can catch up on the drama via the ITV Hub. Our House concludes on Thursday, March 10, at 9pm on ITV.