Kate Middleton is 40-years-old and has an absolutely fantastic figure. Michael Brigo, a personal trainer from brigopt.com exclusively told Express.co.uk: “The Duchess of Cambridge has a slender and athletic physique which is most likely shaped by doing resistance-based gym workouts primarily focusing on strength training using bodyweight and weights. In addition, she’s an outdoorsy person and has been known to enjoy running, skiing and tennis, it wouldn’t surprise me if on average her run was 10km or above.”  Doctor Charlotte Norton, a Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic spoke to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: “The Duchess of Cambridge is well-known for being naturally athletic and a huge admirer of spending time in nature and keeping fit. “Also, considering her senior royal rank, you'd imagine she eats quite well too, which makes it not so hard to wonder why she looks so great at 40!  READ MORE: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st - here’s how “We all know that Kate's ability to look great in any dress, skirt, or pair of trousers is obviously a result of her incredibly toned figure, even if she also has an impeccable sense of style. “Of course, Kate's naturally slender frame is partly down to genetics, but it's no secret that the royal mother-of-three enjoys all things athletic and is reported to appreciate a good workout. “Whether it’s cross country, tennis or walking, she has been known to enjoy sports.”  Doctor Charlotte continued: “Kate Middleton is very relatable (even down to her diet), and I think that’s one of the reasons why the nation loves her. “She’s known to be an avid cook and doesn’t shy away from pizzas, pasta and curries, which we all probably have a soft spot for. “The key to emulating Kate’s diet is ensuring there’s a healthy balance between different food groups. “As you become older, what you eat becomes even more essential. “Protein (meat, fish, dairy, legumes, and nuts), carbs (whole grains), lipids (healthy oils), vitamins, minerals, and water are all essential for maintaining a healthy diet.”  Doctor Julietta Gusarova, a Cosmetic Doctor and Trainer at RegenLab told Express.co.uk: “The Duchess is also said to enjoy raw foods such as gazpacho, sushi, ceviche, and goji berries. “While they have a tonne of health benefits, they are known to greatly improve skin complexion, providing a radiant glow. “Walnuts, for example, are high in vitamins B and E, which assist to combat free radicals that cause wrinkles and stress. “Coupling this with popular celebrity treatments such as PRP make it no surprise that she is glowing at 40!”  Doctor Charlotte added: “I believe Kate has always led a healthy and active lifestyle. From a young age, it is clear she was an avid lover of sports such as cross country and continues to partake in sports as time has gone on. “I truly think Kate’s secret is consistency. There hasn’t been a moment in history so far where she has had a dramatic change in appearance, even post-pregnancy and I think that’s due to being consistent with diet and exercise. “I think another secret is that she allows herself to have the odd sweet snack and carb-filled meal which isn’t a crime – like I mentioned earlier, it is all about a balance which I think Kate has perfected.” 