The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall showed solidarity with Ukraine by visiting its UK community.  Camilla "wept frequently" and comforted the UK ambassador to Ukraine's wife who was also crying, Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer reports. The Duchess told her: “We are praying for you.” Charles and Camilla lit a candle and left floral tributes at the cathedral in a show of support to the eastern European nation following Russia's invasion. In a short speech, Charles praised the bravery of Ukrainians in the face of Vladimir Putin's onslaught.  He said: "I must say my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we've heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression. "So if I may say so our thoughts and prayers, however inadequate they may be, are with all of you at this most critical time." On Tuesday, Charles spoke about the war in Ukraine during a ceremony to confer city status on Southend-on-Sea following the death of MP Sir David Amess, who was stabbed at a constituency surgery last year. The heir to the throne said "no-one could have given more" than Sir David "for the values which underpin society we share". READ MORE: Queen’s brutal swipe after Putin left her waiting at Palace visit Charles added: "Values which appear all the more precious at this present time when we see, more starkly than for many years, the appalling suffering and devastation caused when the path of violence is chosen. "What we saw in the terrible tragedy in Southend was an attack on democracy, on an open society, on freedom itself. "We are seeing those same values under attack today in Ukraine in the most unconscionable way. "In the stand we take here, we are in solidarity with all those who are resisting brutal aggression." DON'T MISSDo YOU think Meghan Harry and should be allowed to change their minds? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: Kate And William spark fan frenzy [LIVE BLOG]Kate and William want George to 'forget about his huge destiny' [INSIGHT] Prince William and Kate have also expressed their solidarity with the people of Ukraine following Russia's invasion. In a tweet on Saturday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine's future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future W & C."  The couple met Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena at Buckingham Palace for an audience on behalf of the Queen in October 2020. Mr Zelensky thanked the Cambridges for their show of support over the weekend. He tweeted on Tuesday: "Olena and I are grateful to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge RoyalFamily that at this crucial time, when Ukraine is courageously opposing Russia's invasion, they stand by our country and support our brave citizens. "Good will triumph." 