The Queen’s visit to Belize in 1985 made headlines not only for the grand occasion but also for an unfortunate food related mishap where she was believed to have accidentally been served a rat for dinner. Robert Hardman, author of Queen of our Times, warned that the Cambridges will be taking great care to avoid the same mishap.  He told OK!: “On the Queen’s first visit to Belize, they served her a local delicacy called gibnut and the Daily Mirror reported ‘Queen eats rat!’ because it’s a rat-like creature. “The people of Belize went mad and were frightfully upset that it had been suggested that they’d served the Queen rat. “Kate and William will be keeping a very close eye on the menu!” The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are said to be “very much looking forward” to their royal tour of the Caribbean.   The Cambridges will have a packed schedule on the week-long visit, beginning in Belize tomorrow. However, the tour has already launched with a rocky start after their first planned visit of the tour, to a cocoa farm, was scrapped, according to Reuters. According to the news agency, the royal couple will not visit a cacao farm in an indigenous region of Belize as planned on their Caribbean tour, the Belize government said Friday, after local villagers staged a protest against their arrival. The Royal tour will take place between March 19 and March 26. READ MORE: Queen’s everyday handbag items laid bare, by expert  During the tour, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will begin with a visit to historic Mayan sites. Next, the Duke and Duchess will head over to Jamaica, where they have engagements planned with the Jamaican Defence Force, and will celebrate Jamaica’s musicians, including the seminal legacy of Bob Marley alongside up and coming stars. The Duke and Duchess will end the tour in The Bahamas, where they will spend time with communities across a number of islands, as well as experience a world-famous junkanoo parade. Junkanoo is a street parade to celebrate Bahamian culture, filled with music, dancing, and costumes of mixed African origin. DON'T MISS:Gary Neville demands Boris quit immediately after war in UkraineLiz Truss warns West ‘didn’t take Putin seriously’ after the Cold WarTory Ministers humiliated after sending P&O letter to wrong person William and Kate expressed their excitement for the tour through the couple’s Twitter account earlier in the year, saying: “We are so excited to visit Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas next month as we mark The Queen's Platinum Jubilee. They will also explore the country’s biodiversity and celebrate the rich culture of the Garifuna community. According to the reports, this is the first time Kate will be visiting the country. However, the visit will bring back memories for William who trained with the Welsh Guards regiment in Belize in 2000, when aged just 18. A spokesman for the royal family said at the time that the trip was “an important piece of personal development” for the prince. 