Mikel Arteta’s rebuild at Arsenal is in full flow, and there is the feeling at the Emirates Stadium that the Spaniard is close to creating a very special squad. However, there still remains one piece of the puzzle missing. The Gunners have the foundations of a team capable of progressing into title challengers, especially given that most players are in the early stages of their careers. Arteta’s £150million spending spree in the summer on players all aged 24 and under is already benefitting the squad, with Benjamin White and Aaron Ramsdale both notably thriving. But it is not just the defence that has star quality, as Arsenal’s attack is packed with talent. However, come the end of the season, Arteta must sign a striker. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell Arsenal’s attack in their invincible 2003/04 campaign was one of the most lethal in Premier League history. With Freddie Ljungberg on the right, Robert Pires on the left and Thierry Henry as their no.9, the Gunners simply could not be beaten and scored 73 goals overall that season. And Arteta is on the cusp of having a strike force that could replicate their threat if he can find a ‘young Henry’. Wingers Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka, both 20 years old, are both exceptional young talents and will only improve going forward, and both are reportedly keen to commit their future to the Emirates Stadium outfit. Martinelli recently told ESPN Brasil: “If I can, I’ll stay here my whole life. I want to conquer things, as I said, I want to stay here and win titles, with these wonderful fans, my teammates.” The Brazilian is best utilised off of the left but is a versatile option for Arteta and can be deployed as a striker, though he does not appear to be the lethal finisher that the Gunners need. On the right, Saka is one of the most exciting talents in world football. The Englishman has an abundance of trickery and pace, and he is lethal in front of goal too. Both wingers will be two of the first names on the team sheet in North London for a very long time. With his wide players set, Arteta now only needs to find his very own Henry to remake the Gunners attack. With Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah out of contract at the end of the season, a no.9 will be the top priority in the summer and the opportunity to play in a free-flowing, attacking system will prove very persuasive. The manager will have hoped Dusan Vlahovic was that player in the January transfer window, but the Serbian striker opted to join Juventus instead of making the move to the Premier League. Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin is another of the club’s targets, as well as Lille’s Jonathan David. It remains to be seen whether Arteta is able to build a squad that can emulate the success of Arsenal’s 2003 side.