A fifth wouldn’t dream of using emojis, while three in ten hate “text speak” in an email. And one in ten will relax their tone of voice with co-workers within the first week of starting a new job. Nearly three-quarters (74 percent) are happy to take a more candid tone with clients, but when it comes to the “boss” just 57 percent would do the same. Unfortunately, of those who didn’t take appropriate cautions when emailing, many received an unhappy response – with 22 percent getting a telling-off from the boss, and one in ten having to write an apology. When asked about the worst thing they’ve ever sent or received over email, one respondent said they sent a fake resignation, while another delivered a message intended for their wife to the boss. Nicole Stevens, spokeswoman for Mailbird, which commissioned the research, said: “Self-awareness when drafting emails has never been more important, and recognising that tone can differ hugely from business to business and person to person. “It does appear there are some concrete things people don't like to receive over email, and things many wouldn't send. “But email, as with all language, evolves over time. Who knows, in 30 years, everyone might be emailing exclusively with emojis.” The study also found four in ten respondents get annoyed when people in their company “reply all” to an email they didn’t really need to. A third feel irritated when people forget to attach things they’ve mentioned in the body of an email, and one in ten (11 percent) are frustrated when they are referred to by the wrong gender. Nearly half (45 percent) have received emails with their name spelled incorrectly, while one in three (32 percent) confessed to having done the same thing to someone else. On average, emailers will go for four entire messages with a misspelled name before they correct their correspondent. Just under two-thirds (65 percent) blame composing emails in a rush for making mistakes, while 31 percent said the volume is simply too great. However, 22 percent admitted they’re just too lazy to properly proofread their compositions, according to the OnePoll research. And 17 percent sometimes write emails “in the heat of the moment”, and say things they don’t mean. More than one in ten (12 percent) have accidentally copied someone into an email they should only have been “blind copied” into, leaving them in trouble – or even breaking GDPR rules. As a result, 33 percent have Googled for advice on how to send an email properly. It also emerged that an average of two hours and 20 minutes a day is spent sending, reading, writing and checking emails – with 33 unread messages currently sitting in their inbox. Nicole added: “Emails are a huge part of day-to-day life for almost everybody. “Even if you don’t use them for work purposes, nearly all of us have an email account we use. “While many will just use it to set up accounts, there will be times when messages need to be crafted. “A good rule of thumb is to start email conversations professionally – as with fashion, you can never be over-professional. “Then, after a few messages have gone back and forth, you can gauge the other person’s attitude and maybe bring it down a notch if needed.” TOP 40 “BEST PRACTICE” RULES WHEN IT COMES TO EMAIL: