When it comes to losing weight there are so many diets, tips, workouts and different opinions on how to do it, it's no wonder people can become confused the they come across conflicting advice. But there's one thing that remains consistently at the top of expert's lists throughout the weight loss process - making small lifestyle changes will help. A new research survey of 2,000 British adults conducted by Samsung, revealed that a large amount of Brits have fallen victim to 10 popular healthy eating. 1. All processed food is unhealthy – 65 percent 2. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day for everyone – 62 percent 3. A low-calorie diet is the best way to lose weight – 53 percent 4. Eat small, frequent meals for optimal health – 53 percent 5. Eating healthily is expensive – 52 percent READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure 6. All low fat and diet foods are healthy alternatives – 50 percent 7. Eating at night causes weight gain – 49 percent 8. Weight loss requires tracking calories and macros – 46 percent 9. All supplements are a waste of money – 41 percent 10. You can exercise away a bad diet – 32 percent DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] But nutritionist and wellness expert Lily Soutter, admitted it's largely down to the vast amount of misinformation out there. She said: "Conflicting nutrition advice is confusing and frustrating for many. "With the internet providing large amounts of misinformation, it can be difficult to know right from wrong when it comes to healthy eating. "It’s therefore not a surprise that many struggle to maintain a healthier lifestyle." Soutter added: "Debunking these common nutrition myths may break down some barriers to healthy eating by helping individuals to make more informed choices." But she warned making too many dietary changes at once could be having adverse effects on a person's health. This in turn, won't be helping them meet their weight loss goals. But she shared a handy tip for anyone who feels a bit lost. "Making too many dietary changes at once can be overwhelming and hard to maintain, especially when time is poor or under stress," she explained. "However, small sustainable changes can be more impactful to long-term health. "For example, swapping our deep-fried foods for air-fried means we can still enjoy our favourite classics and overtime may be beneficial to our waistline."