Tennis icon Rafael Nadal has told teenager and fellow Spaniard Carlos Alcaraz what he needs to do to become a ‘great champion’ - and stressed the need to stay humble. The legendary Nadal defeated compatriot Alcaraz 6-4 4-6 6-3 in a thrilling semi-final at Indian Wells on Saturday. Since August 2020, Alcaraz has made incredible progress and risen almost 300 positions in the ATP rankings. The 18-year-old is challenging several of the records Nadal set when he burst onto the scene as a teenager in the mid-2000s. It was yet another stunning performance by Alcaraz, who played the Australian Open champion close in California. Nadal got the win in the end, ensuring he remains unbeaten in 2022, having won all 20 of the matches he has played. Nadal sees similarities between himself and Alcaraz as both players experienced rapid rises within the sport. The 35-year-old has faith that the young Spaniard will reach the top of the tennis world. READ MORE: Roger Federer's potential return date as Swiss star's promising update “It looks like he's humble enough to work hard and to understand that we, the tennis players, if we want to be great champions, the only way is to keep improving during all our careers,” Nadal said after defeating Alcaraz. “That's what I tried. I really believe that he's doing that. “I don't have many doubts that he will be great. He is already, by the way!” Alcaraz has impressed immensely in the past year, reaching his first Grand Slam quarter-final at the US Open last summer and winning his maiden ATP trophy in Umag. The teenager has lost just twice in 2022, falling to Matteo Berrettini in the Australian Open - which was won by Nadal. DON'T MISSNadal GOAT verdict given in Djokovic and Federer Indian Wells absenceMurray seen with Lendl at Miami Open after rehiring former coachNadal concerns shared by former Federer coach ahead of Alcaraz clash Nadal continued to heap praise on the 18-year-old in his post-match press conference, adding: “I think he has all the shots. He can play very aggressive. He can play defensive because he's super fast. He can defend amazing balls. Of course, when he's playing aggressive, it is difficult to stop him because the quality of his ball is very high. “I think he has all the ingredients to become an amazing champion. I didn't come to the match more nervous because I was playing a youngster. I treated it like I was playing against a top-eight player. In terms of level, that was my feeling.” Nadal is now pursuing what will be a record-equalling 37th ATP Masters 1000 title in Sunday’s final against American Taylor Fritz. The 21-time Grand Slam winner won their only previous match in the final of the 2020 Mexican Open in Acapulco.