Another bout of cold weather is due to sweep Britain, as weather charts predict heavy snowfall and sub-zero temperatures over the next week. Tonight, the Met Office warns of light winds with a chance of “patchy, freezing fog by dawn” in the South, and a smattering of snow is predicted to hit Scotland and the North of England by WXCharts. Chances of up to 10cm of snow is predicted to fall over Scotland and the North of England on Thursday night, and will continue to sweep the northern regions well into Saturday. The Met Office predicts eastern areas to see weather more cloudy with further rain over this period instead, with sunny spells and isolated showers in the west. Although showers are due to be heavier in the southwest, the country can expect light and variable winds - a welcomed change from recent storms Franklin and Eunice. The outlook for the weekend is largely dry, but further rain is predicted across more central and eastern areas.  READ MORE: UK snow: Brits to be blanketed with 10cm snowfall as Met Office warns  However, a “snow bomb” is reported to hit the UK next week, as the Met Office predicts snow to arrive from the western shores. On Thursday, March 10, WXCharts shows snow to hit parts of Northern Ireland first before sweeping south by the evening to areas of Southern Ireland and the very south of Cornwall. By Friday morning, snow is expected to spread across the country from the South East to the North, as temperatures are due to hit sub-zero in some areas. Western areas of Ireland will also see this snow.  DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [EXPLAINED]House-proud Brits spend 10 whole days a year cleaning their homes [ANALYSIS]BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood warns Britons over frost, mist and fog [WEATHER]   The Met Office predicts that next week, the weather will initially be “Largely dry with some wintry showers possible” but “as we move through the period there will be an increasing likelihood of spells of rain, potentially preceded by snow, arriving from the west. “Winds will likely strengthen through midweek with an increasing likelihood of coastal gales. The UK is due to feel a drop in temperature, but “it may begin to recover to nearer normal from the west later in the period.” This comes before another period of unsettled weather developing, with Atlantic weather systems expected to move across the UK the following week, which will bring spells of wet and windy weather, but more short-lived snow bouts. 