The NHS says most people who have chlamydia do not notice any symptoms, though if you do get symptoms, these usually appear between one and three weeks after having unprotected sex with an infected person. A large number of chlamydia infections go untreated because people are unaware they have it.  The health body says at least 70 percent of women with chlamydia do noy notice any symptoms. At least half of all men with chlamydia do not notice any symptoms. Nonetheless, for those people that do experience signs, pain on urinating is a common sign. The NHS says: “If you have any symptoms of chlamydia, visit your GP, community contraceptive service or local genitourinary medicine (GUM) clinic as soon as possible.” READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine: Musculoskeletal tissue and nervous system disorders reported in document  It adds that men may experience white, cloudy or watery discharge from the tip of the penis, burning or itching in the urethra (the tube that carries urine out of the body), or pain in the testicles. Women may experience unusual vaginal discharge, pain in the tummy or pelvis, pain during sex, bleeding after sex and bleeding between periods. The Office on Women’s Health (OWH) says chlamydia is usually spread through vaginal, oral, or anal sex. Chlamydia is one of the most common STIs in women, and can cause serious health problems for women, such as difficulty getting pregnant, when left untreated.  The OWH says: “Chlamydia is known as a 'silent' infection, because most women who have chlamydia do not have symptoms. "If you do have symptoms, you may not notice them until several weeks after you get chlamydia.” The health body continues: “If you're a woman, sexually active and under 25 in England, it's recommended that you have a chlamydia test once a year, and when you have sex with new or casual partners. “If you're a man, sexually active and under 25 in England, it's recommended that you have a chlamydia test once a year if you are not using condoms with new or casual partners.”  The Terrence Higgins Trust says: “If chlamydia is not treated it can sometimes cause serious problems, including pain, inflammation and infertility in men and women. It can also lead to complications in pregnancy.” The charity says testing for it is “quick and painless”, and it can be treated with a course of antibiotics. One in 10 sexually active young people is believed to be affected, but researchers think rates of the disease could be on the rise after screening programmes were deferred during the pandemic.  The NHS explains: “Under-25s who have chlamydia should be offered another test three to six months after being treated. “This is because young adults who test positive for chlamydia are at increased risk of catching it again.” The health body also says many people with sexually transmitted infections do not get symptoms, so it's worth getting tested even if you feel fine. 