The Miami Open draw has set up some potential blockbuster encounters. A pulsating tournament in Indian Wells came to an end on Sunday night, as Taylor Fritz became the first American since Andre Aggasi in 2001 to win in the Californian desert, and ended Rafael Nadal’s undefeated start to the year in the process. Attention now turns to the second event of the North American double header in Miami, Florida. The field will be without Nadal, Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic, with Nadal and Federer injured, and Djokovic not permitted entry into the country due to his unvaccinated status. Andy Murray, who has won the title in Miami twice in the past, will be keen to improve on his second round exit at Indian Wells. The two-time Miami Open champion faces a possible nightmare in the second round however, as he will take on world number two Daniil Medvedev, who won their only previous meeting in 2019, if he beats Federico Delbonis in the first round. Nick Kyrgios, who reached the Indian Wells quarter-finals, will open his campaign against Russian number two and the hard-hitting Andrey Rublev, who have both beaten each other once. Based on seeding, Medvedev could take on defending champion Hurkacz in the last eight, while Rublev could face Australian Open semi-finalist Matteo Berrettini. JUST IN: Daniil Medvedev warned his 'family will pay a price' if he denounces Vladimir Putin   In the projected last eight encounters, world number five Stefanos Tsitsipas could clash with Canada’s Felix Auger-Aliassime, while Norway’s Casper Ruud could play against Olympic champion Alexander Zverev. In the leadup to the tournament, Briton Murray has been working with Ivan Lendl again after the pair reignited their player-coach relationship earlier this month. Murray is set to stay in Miami at the conclusion of the upcoming event for a training block with Lendl and Lendl has joined him for his preparations ahead of the tournament. Murray recently explained this was part of the driving force behind his reunion with his former coach. DON'T MISS "It is about just getting back to playing better tennis really. I have had some good results over the last couple of years but the consistency of them has been poor and that is because my level of tennis I am playing hasn’t been that high," he explained. "I trust a lot in what Ivan says. We obviously had some excellent results together in the past. "It means a lot to me that he is still willing to help me and believes that I can achieve great results. I trust him in that, too. I still feel like it is possible. If he didn’t believe that, I don’t think he would work with me, and I think he would tell me. So, I am looking forward to it. I hope there are better results ahead.” The two-time Olympic champion has yet to find a full-time travelling coach, but under the tutelage of Lendl, Murray will hope the pair can create magic together once again.