A Place in the Sun star Laura Hamilton proved she wasn’t letting her divorce get her down as she showed off her impressive pole dancing skills. The 39-year-old has been filming a new series of the property show in Spain. Taking to her Instagram story, Laura shared snaps with her 154k followers and could be seen dancing around with her colleagues before hopping on a pole and exhibiting some tricky moves. “Yep we’ve lost it!” wrote Laura, adding: “The soundman approves “NICE”," alongside a laughing emoji. Making the notoriously tricky activity look easy, Laura giggled as she swung around in her stunning green and zebra-striped midi dress. “Today is really getting a little strange…” she continued, before adding she “needs some tips” from a pal. In another video, Laura joked house hunters on the show thought they were “nuts”, before conceding, “Well, we kind of are”. Mum-of-two Laura has been filming in Valenciana, and earlier this week posted a photo showing off her gorgeous gown. “I’m going for the leg split dress too this week @jasmineharman!“ wrote Laura. “Prob not the best dress choice in this weather in Spain… “It’s grey, overcast and blowing a gale…but let’s smile, have fun and be grateful… hopefully going to change someone’s life this week…” Laura met her co-star Jasmine Harman at the Alicante airport, before they went their separate ways on different shoots. Jasmine told viewers: "So, Laura and I have arrived in Alicante. We're going our separate ways to our separate shoots. "Where are you off to?" READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] Laura replied: "I am heading up towards Javea and Denia but I'm not actually filming as far as there. "So I'm about half an hour away from Alicante." Jasmine continued: "And I'm going to San Pedro del Pinatar. So good luck!" Back in January, Laura announced she had split from husband Alex after 13 years together. She confirmed the news by posting a Dr Zeuss quote which read: “Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.” “This isn't something I ever thought I'd be saying but, after 13 years of being together Alex and I have separated,” she wrote alongside the upload. “Our children are and always will be our number one priority and we would respect privacy for our family at this time.” The former couple share two children together - seven-year-old Rocco and five-year-old Tahlia.