Emmerdale's Zoe Henry, who plays Rhona Goskirk, is married to on-screen co-star Jeff Hordley, who plays Cain Dingle, and have spent the last 15 years of their marriage learning how to grow fruit and vegetables, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. Zoe joined Lorraine Kelly this week and touched on the recent success of their gigantic cauliflower but revealed it's not been without its "disasters". Lorraine showed a picture that Zoe had posted of Jeff holding up an enormous cauliflower the pair had grown in their allotment. Laughing at the size of the vegetable, Zoe explained: "It fed us for a week, I am not even joking, it fed a family of four for a week. "I honestly, in 48 years, I have never - let alone grown a cauliflower that size - but had never seen one that size. "In fact, that picture doesn't really do it justice it was huge, and it tasted gorgeous. I had never been prouder of anything apart from my two kids." READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Lorraine agreed and said: "And isn't there just something lovely about being outside, especially in the last couple of years that we have had? "Just being outside and growing your own stuff that you can then eat, amazing!" "It is, it fills us with joy," Zoe continued. "And we have been doing it for 15 years this is not a new thing for us. "We still get it wrong, and we still have disasters," she confessed. Delving further, she added: "Last year, our cucumbers were dreadful, but I don't want to talk about it." Lorraine giggled: "No, let's not, there is nothing worse than a disastrous cucumber!" During her conversation with Lorraine, Zoe revealed that she and Jeff had met in drama school and have been together ever since. "We have been together 28 years, we got together in 1994, so we have known each other a long time," she revealed. In Emmerdale, Zoe's character Rhona is married to Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock), with the pair recently getting engaged. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk 'leave' in April twist [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry pays sweet tribute to ITV co-star [LATEST]Zoe Henry husband: Who is Rhona Goskirk star married to? [WATCH] However, shortly after the proposal, Marlon suffered a devastating stroke which left Rhona, and his daughter April Dingle (Amelia Flanagan) scared for his life. Marlon already had plans to propose to Rhona after a couple of rocky weeks and decided to speak to ex-wife Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy). After she gave him a pep talk, he made his way to find Rhona, but before he could pop the question, Rhona got down on one knee and beat Marlon to it. The pair both said yes to one another, and as Marlon ran back to their home to grab the engagement ring, he started to fall ill. He was left distressed and noticed his face was showing signs of a stroke before collapsing to the ground. April soon noticed that her father had been gone a while and decided to return to the home to check on him, but when she walked in, she found him on the floor as he struggled to talk to her. She called the emergency services and once at the hospital, doctors revealed that they had removed blood clots from his brain that had caused the stroke. Rhona, April and Mary Goskirk (Louisa Jameson) were informed that Marlon would have a long road to recovery ahead. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.