Kate Garraway, 54, and her family were devastated in March 2020 when her husband Derek Draper, 54, was diagnosed with Covid. The effects of the illness are still very severe, with Derek needing constant care, leaving Kate to open up about her worries for their relationship going forward. Kate and Derek married in 2005 and share two children together - Billy, 12, and Darcey, 16. Derek was diagnosed with Covid in March 2020 and remained hospitalised in critical condition a year later. Kate gave an update in her most recent documentary, Kate Garraway: Caring for Derek, where he was going for treatment abroad, due to his deteriorating condition. She also spoke to the Mail on Sunday's You Magazine in February about her relationship with her husband and what she sees going forward. READ MORE: Don't care what I look like!' Cameron Diaz on 'never washing her face' She said: "I'm not sure that we've ever fallen out of love, but I think a new path is emerging, a new way to be in love. "He puts huge trust in me. He just says, 'Whatever you think', which is wonderful, but I do get quite tearful about it. "I think, 'God, I hope I'm worthy of that trust'. "But I've got his back. That is a relationship in itself, isn't it?" Kate went on to wonder aloud how often it was that couples have doubts about each other. She admitted the one "positive thing" to come out of their ordeal was "certainty of each other" and the fact it had brought them closer. Kate recently took some time away from the stresses of home life with her daughter as they enjoyed a trip to the theatre. Kate shared a smiling snap of herself with daughter Darcey sitting in the audience at The Dominion Theatre on Instagram last week. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [COMMENT] F1 Christian Horner aims swipe at wife Geri Halliwell [LATEST] Gabby Logan opens up on 'stressful' time with husband Kenny [INSIGHT] The grand purple curtain with the words “Dirty Dancing” in lights could just about be seen in the background as the mum and daughter posed for the camera. Darcey, Kate's daughter, wore a glittery, tiara-style headband and proudly showed off her white manicured nails, which matched her white blouse. Mum Kate looked equally stylish in her brightly-coloured pink and purple blouse. Kate captioned the post in view of her 1.1 million followers: “Well what a way to celebrate your 16th birthday Eve!! "@ddonstage is THE best fun & we are both in love with Johnny. "And yes Darcey has already told me no one puts her in a corner! "Just what the doctor ordered after a tough week. "The season ends at Easter so if you get the chance to go do it! #dirtydancing #dirtydancinglondon."