Medically referred to as cirrhosis, a scarred liver is the result of long-term, continuous damage – either through a fatty diet or alcohol consumption, or both. One of the "early" symptoms, pointed out by the British Liver Trust is "generally feeling unwell". The charity added that you may feel "tired all the time" and could lose your appetite. Other sensations possibly indicating fatty liver disease include nausea and tenderness, or pain, in the liver area. In later stages of the disease, when the liver begins to really struggle, sensations might include intensely itchy skin, frequent nosebleeds, and right shoulder pain. The liver is a "vital organ" that absorbs nutrients and detoxifies and removes harmful substances from the blood. When the organ is injured, toxins will no longer be removed from the blood as they once were. READ MORE: Vitamin deficiencies – The major signs of deformed red blood cells – megaloblastic anaemia Consequently, toxins will start to build up in the body, and "life-threatening" consequences can emerge, the NHS warned. Cirrhosis causes tiredness, weakness, nausea, weight loss, deterioration of muscle, and red patches to develop on the palms of the hands. As cirrhosis worsens, you might vomit blood, excrete dark pee and tarry-looking faeces, and experience easy bruising. Furthermore, jaundice can develop which is where the whites of the eyes and the skin take on a yellow hue. Do not be surprised if the legs or stomach become swollen due to a build-up of fluids. To help extend your life, if you are displaying symptoms of cirrhosis, do book an appointment with your doctor. There are numerous lifestyle changes one could make in order to help extend their life. If you have a scarred liver, then it's extremely important to not drink alcohol and to not smoke. Should you be overweight, you will also need to exercise more and to eat healthily in order to shift the extra pounds. "If cirrhosis progresses and your liver is severely damaged, a liver transplant may be the only treatment option," the NHS states. "This is a major operation that involves removing your diseased liver and replacing it with a healthy liver from a donor." Unfortunately, the waiting time for a suitable donor could be lengthy, which is why it's better to reduce your risk of disease rather than treat it. Adopting a healthy lifestyle is the best preventative tool against fatty liver disease. One of the best things you can do is to aim for a healthy body mass index (BMI), which is between 18.5 to 24.9. In tandem with a healthy weight, you will need to eat a balanced diet, high in fruits and vegetables. Moreover, incorporating daily exercise into your daily routine will be mandatory.