Which? analysis has found that UK flight compensation payouts are set to be slashed by the Government. Currently, British tourists can claim £220 on a domestic flight in the UK once it’s been delayed for three hours. The payout is covered by EU261 rules. However, Which? has said the Government is planning to scrap this. It would offer compensation based on ticket price and length of delay instead in a similar system to the rail Delay Repay scheme. Which? estimates that the system proposed by the Government could save airlines tens of thousands of pounds. But compensation for passengers would plummet to just over a quarter of the current entitlement. READ MORE: Cruise holiday nightmare: Family shares 'horrid' experience British tourists would only receive £57 instead of £200 if their flight was delayed by over three hours. Which? analysed flights on some of the UK’s most popular routes to find out the difference under the proposed system. If each plane was carrying 180 passengers and everyone was eligible for compensation, an airline would currently have to pay out up to £39,600 for a delay of three hours or more. Under the new scheme, it would only have to pay £7,920 for the same length of delay on the domestic route. Which? said it fears reducing compensation payments would make airlines more likely to let passengers down with delays. It added that a delayed flight could be far more costly than a delayed train journey due to the knock on effects on accommodation. Which? is calling on the Government to reconsider the proposals on compensation and restore passenger trust. Rory Boland, editor of Which? Travel said: “Ripping up current compensation rules for UK flights would be a huge blow for passenger rights and embolden airlines to act with impunity. “Unfair practices such as overbooking and denied boarding could once again become more commonplace if this essential deterrent is removed, leaving passengers out of pocket. “The Government should reconsider these reforms and instead give passengers confidence that they will be protected when their journey is disrupted by giving the aviation regulator the powers it needs to crack down on airlines trying to flout the rules.” On a flight from Gatwick to Belfast, an airline would have to pay out £39,600 in compensation if the flight was more than three hours late and every passenger was eligible. However, if the new rules go ahead, it would only be required to pay £9,990 although passengers would receive less. The Department for Transport has proposed to offer flight compensation on a similar scale system to the one currently used in train travel. Holiday prices are expected to increase this year as the rise in the price of fuel puts pressure on airlines. Some holiday destinations are also likely to raise prices in restaurants and bars as the crisis hits. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine will likely have a negative impact on prices and cause shortages of essential items.