The EU has been trying to abolish the biannual changing of the clocks for nearly four years. The reform has thus far failed to penetrate the bureaucratic blockage of Brussels and Germany is currently set to set their clocks one hour forward again on March 27. However, a desperate proposal by the EU Parliament may finally get things moving for the bloc. The proposal states that clocks across the entire EU would be set forward by half an hour in Spring - and stay there. It is not clear whether this would come into effect this Spring or in the future. This new “30-minute daylight saving time” would mean that when the sun is highest at noon, it would always be at 12.30pm. This is instead of the current system, where it is at its highest at 12pm during winter, and 1pm during summer. The proposal was presented to the EU Commission and the Council of Member States in Brussels by Biljana Borzan, Vice-President of the Socialist Group in the EU Parliament. Ms Borzan told the Berliner Morgenpost newspaper that the move could be a way out of the impasse in which the debate is stuck. She added that the compromise would combine all the benefits of summer and winter. However, even this proposal slowed when it came up against the EU bloc. The EU Commission and Council of Member States have avoided making a substantive commitment to half daylight saving time, and made it clear that nothing will happen for now. An official from the EU Commission told Berliner Morgenpost that it cannot make the proposal itself, as a decision on standard time and time zone is part of the sovereignty of member states. READ MORE: Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' [INSIGHT] Another problem lies in that by using the half-hour solution, Europe would deviate from the agreement which states that there are 24 time zones worldwide, each with a difference of one full hour. Having said that, not everyone follows this rule to the letter - parts of Australia, India and Iran have deviated from the full hour system. It appears the EU member states are primarily responsible for blocking the proposal. The EU Commission originally proposed spring 2019 as the end date - but this was postponed to spring 2021 by an EU Parliament vote. DON'T MISS: 'Brexit La La Land' Former Finnish PM in stunning attack against UK [INSIGHT]Bitter Brussels SNUBS Boris for key summit after 'insult' [ANALYSIS]Airports slam Sturgeon over Scotland's Covid pandemic measures [REVEAL] However, now this date has passed as EU member states are unable to come to a decision. Berlin and other governments insist that a impact assessment of the effects of a new daylight saving time should be presented by the EU Commission - but Ursula von der Leyen has said that they will not provide such a study. Ms Borzan is outraged by the constant stalling, and stated that the fact that the time change continues is “a disgrace twice a year”. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.