The agents representing members of Chelsea's squad are reportedly facing a series of strict checks as restrictions continue to impact the Blues. The UK government's decision to sanction Roman Abramovich has severly impact the Premier League club's day-to-day business. They are being forced to play under a special licence, with a close eye being kept by the govenment on their finances. Players and staff have continued to be paid as normal despite the turmoil that has engulfed the Stamford Bridge side. And Thomas Tuchel's men have continued to deliver on the pitch, booking their place in the Champions League quarter-finals last week. They followed that up by defeating Middlesbrough on Saturday to set up an FA Cup semi-final date with Crystal Palace. The impact of the government's restrictions are being increasingly felt though, with the Blues unable to sell tickets for either home or away games. One group who had looked to have avoided the worst of the financial issues were the agents representing Tuchel's squad. READ MORE: Chelsea shown exactly what they're missing as Abraham breaks record According to The Athletic, the Blues were able to send through the most recent installment of comission payments before Abramovich was added to the government's sanctions list. The FA receive those payments before then passing it on to the representatives of players. There have been some problems for the agents of Chelsea stars though, with The Athletic reporting that the FA wrote to those representatives 'demanding confirmation' that the money would not be given to anybody who had been sanctioned by the government. DON'T MISS: Where Man Utd, Chelsea and Arsenal's 2012 wonderkid stars are now (INSIGHT)John Terry breaks silence on £250m Chelsea takeover bid (NEWS)Chelsea beat Middlesbrough: Four things we learned from FA Cup clash (ANALYSIS) The FA are also said to have requested that the agents also send through proof of their identity and other key documents as a series of strict checks are implemented. According to data released by the governing body, Chelsea paid more in agents' fees than any other Premier League side over the past year. The Blues are hopeful that the restrictions will be eased in short order, with the club set to be sold. The deadline for bids came on Friday night, with more than 30 offers thought to have been recieved by the Raine Group who are brokering the deal.