Drivers and industry experts have been debating the best ways to overhaul the car tax system in the near future to deal with major losses. A group of MPs in the Transport Select Committee said the UK must urgently introduce pay-per-mile road pricing to make up the £35billion budget shortfall created by the switch to electric vehicles. It stated that the UK Government would lose out annually on £28billion in fuel duty as well as £7billion in Vehicle Excise Duty (VED). Electric vehicles are exempt from road tax and as more motorists switch over, their taxable income is expected to fall. Hugo Griffiths, features editor at carwow, commented on the findings, saying that drivers would most likely be hesitant to adopt such a change without further guidance. He said: "If a pay-per-mile model is chosen, will there be dispensations for people with mobility problems who cannot easily use public transport? READ MORE: New car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs “Will those living in rural areas with patchy bus and rail services be charged less than those in urban settings? “Will owners of petrol and diesel cars pay more to cover the same distance than EV drivers? “There is also a significant debate to be had over privacy.” The Parliamentary group called on the Government, Treasury and Department for Transport to establish a body to develop a scheme by the end of 2022. DON'T MISSAnger at drivers dumping cars around homes [SHOCKING]‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists [COMMENT]'Slap in the face': Free parking for NHS staff to be scrapped Friday [WARNING] The actual implementation of the scheme is set to take far longer, given the technological advancements that are needed to make it a reality. Rolling out Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras would cost a lot of money and take a long time to do, something which London Mayor Sadiq Khan has echoed. Many pay-per-mile schemes have been suggested as a way to recover billions of pounds worth of revenue lost from the decrease in fuel duty. Road pricing could also be introduced via a pay per mile scheme of road taxation which would see drivers being charged for every mile they drive after a certain allowance of “free” miles. It has been suggested that drivers would not be charged for the first 3,000 miles they drive in a year, but would be charged for every journey following that. Edmund King, President of the AA, has called for those living in rural areas to receive an extra 1,000 “free” miles to keep them on the road. Mr Griffiths added: “Pay-per-mile taxation looks increasingly likely, but how do motorists feel about the Government potentially collecting real-time data about when, where, and presumably how fast we drive, not least when national IT projects are not renowned for their brilliance? “The questions are endless, yet answers from the Government are absent. “Fewer than eight years before the ban on sales of new petrol and diesel cars commences, and a century of fuel duty revenue dries up.” Further concerns have been raised that it could penalise people who live in remote rural areas and the disabled who rely on their cars to get around. Rural drivers often have to drive further and more frequently to reach essential services like shops and hospitals. Drivers are also facing a long wait before the 2030 ban on sales of new petrol and diesel cars, which is sure to change the current system of road taxation even further.