The One Show hosts Alex Jones and Alex Scott gave their opinions on the Will Smith and Chris Rock incident, with Jones feeling sorry for the actors who had won but had been overshadowed by the events which unfolded. Whilst Will Smith was at the top of all news outlets' headlines, the spotlight was veered well away from other worthy winners during the Adamcey Awards ceremony. Will Smith stormed the stage and struck actor and comedian Chris Rock after he made a joke about Jada's Pinkett Smith hair after she had been open about her alopecia. Whilst discussing the incident on The One Show, Jones said: "Now we have to start with last night's Oscars. "The only thing that people have been talking about is the moment when Will Smith hit Chris Rock about making a joke about his wife. "But the other winners have somewhat been overshadowed as a result which is a bit of a shame, isn't it?" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Scott continued: "It is, because everyone is obviously talking about the other events that went on. "But after all that drama, we do have an Oscar-winning actor who starred in countless blockbuster films. "Including Harry Potter, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, The Fith Element and Darkest Hour, to name but a few, yes, Gary Oldman is here!" Jones added: "Oscars last night, as we were saying, some of the really worthy winners have been overlooked somewhat, who were some of your favourite winners?" Gary went on to say that he was impressed with Apple TV's Coda and was happy to see Ciaran Hinds, Kenneth Brannagh and Jessica Chastain's success. After striking Chris Rock, Will Smith was announced as the winner of Best Actor for his role in King Richard and took to the stage to make his speech. "I want to be an ambassador of that kind of love and care and concern. I want to apologise to the Academy, I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees. "This is a beautiful moment, and I’m not crying for winning an award, art imitates life. I look like the crazy father, just like they said about Richard Williams! But love will make you do crazy things." Following the incident, the Academy condemned Will's actions in a statement that read: "The Academy does not condone violence of any form. DON'T MISS...James Jordan brands Will Smith ‘thug’ as he questions Oscars slap [INCIDENT]Loose Women's Kelle Bryan condemns Chris Rock's joke [LATEST]Will Smith and Chris Rock row 'over' after Oscars slap, Diddy says [WATCH] "Tonight, we are delighted to celebrate our 94th Academy Awards winners, who deserve this moment of recognition from their peers and movie lovers around the world. The Los Angeles Police Department said in a statement obtained by Variety that Rock "has declined to file a police report" following the incident. "If the involved party desires a police report at a later date, LAPD will be available to complete an investigative report," the statement added. Actor and comedian John Leguizamo was just one of many famous faces who reflected on what had happened between the pair and wished that his apology to Chris could have been clearer. He told PEOPLE magazine: "I think he tried. I wish it would've been a little clearer apology to Chris because the poor guy must be shocked, left the building. "So that was kind of unfortunate, that kind of thing, you just call your friend. You go, 'Don't do that to me again, man.' Call him." Leguizamo also explained that he "didn't understand what was going on" when Will first went up onto the stage. "You were so confused at the moment that it happened... Till it all dawned on you like, 'Oh, that was real.' That was very unfortunate." The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.