Alexander Zverev’s ex-girlfriend has finally been contacted by the ATP more than a year after she first accused the world No 4 of physical and verbal abuse. The men’s tennis tour has been investigating Olga 'Olya' Sharypova’s allegations of an attack that occurred during the 2019 Shanghai Masters since October but had not yet reached out to her. Zverev has continued to deny the allegations and welcomed the investigation. The ATP confirmed in October 2021 that they would be investigating allegations Sharypova made against Zverev, detailing her “most violent” attack at the hands of the German that she claimed took place during the 2019 Shanghai Masters. Announcing the investigation, chief executive Massimo Calvelli said: “The allegations raised against Alexander Zverev are serious and we have a responsibility to address them. We hope our investigation will allow us to establish the facts and determine appropriate follow-up action.” It came off the back of two interviews Sharypova gave to reporter Ben Rothenberg, first accusing her former boyfriend of emotional and physical assault at tournaments including the 2019 US Open and Laver Cup, published in Racquet magazine in November 2020 before expanding on her allegations in a story that was published on Slate in August 2021 and later removed after Zverev obtained a court injunction. JUST IN: Dominic Thiem opens up on 'big emotions' of injury return   Zverev has not been charged and continues to deny all allegations, saying in a statement last August: “I categorically and unequivocally deny having abused Olya. I also fully support the creation of an ATP domestic violence policy. I will not address this matter any further.” However, the ATP came under fire last month when Rothenberg confirmed that Sharypova had still not been contacted by anyone in the organisation in relation to the investigation, five months after it was first announced. As of Tuesday, the ATP had reached out to her for the first time, 17 months after she first detailed allegations against the Olympic champion. DON'T MISSKyrgios 'back to work' after standing by Miami Open umpire outburtCarlos Alcaraz blows Andy Roddick away with Miami Open winNick Kyrgios 'followed Roddick's advice' with Miami Open racket smash   Rothenberg also revealed the investigator employed by the ATP to look into Sharypova’s accusations against Zverev had no prior experience of similar cases and instead had “expertise” from other backgrounds. “Concerningly, I think, the investigator hired by the ATP has listed no relevant expertise investigating domestic violence cases like hers, with his primary stated experience and expertise coming as a Secret Service agent and security consultant for sporting events,” he tweeted on Tuesday. It is not known how long the investigation will take but earlier this month ATP chairman Andrea Gaudenzi offered a rare update into the process, saying an independent third party had been brought in to help with the process - expected to be the former Secret Service agent. "The investigation is still ongoing. We have brought in an independent third party with expertise in this area to assist us in the investigation process. I cannot comment on the details of the investigation as of now, but I can say that we will provide more information when the investigation is complete,” he told Spox. 