Barcelona are reportedly preparing an ambitious bid to sign Mohamed Salah from Liverpool this summer after being sent ‘signs’ by the forward. Salah’s contract impasse has made his Reds' future unclear.   The 29-year-old will enter the final year of his deal this summer. Liverpool are desperate to tie down the prolific star but there appears to be some distance between the expectations of both parties. The Anfield outfit would ideally not want to pay an extortionate wage to a player about to enter their 30s. But Salah and his entourage will feel he deserves to be on the same pay bracket as the best stars in the Premier League. Reds boss Jurgen Klopp appeared to irk Salah’s camp recently. He told journalists: “Mo definitely expects this club to be ambitious. We were in the last few years and we are.   JUST IN: Jermain Defoe: The modern-day poacher adored everywhere he went "We cannot do much more, that's how it is. But I don't think it's about that. It's Mo's decision pretty much. The club did what the club can do. That's how it is. "Nothing bad to say about it. It's fine from my point of view. It's exactly like it should be in this moment in time. Everything is set. Nothing happened further, no signing, no rejection or whatever. "We just have to wait for that. It's completely fine. No rush in that situation." DON'T MISS...Kalvin Phillips urged to snub Man Utd with Villa ‘readying £60m offer'West Ham boss Moyes opens up on Sir Alex pressure at Man UtdMan Utd managerial hunt could take new twist as Mancini option arises But one of Salah’s representatives, Remy Abbas Issa, responded quickly. He tweeted three crying-laughing emojis, suggesting that was not the case. Since then, rumours of Salah’s departure have intensified, with Barca now apparently entering the race. According to Mundo Deportivo’s front page on Friday, the former Chelsea forward is being monitored by them after sending ‘signals’ to the Spanish giants ahead of a potential transfer. Barca’s financial issues that plagued their business last summer appear to be easing.   They have restructured their debt payments and seem set to have an increased salary cap imposed by La Liga. It allowed them to sign Ferran Torres from Manchester City and snap up Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang after Arsenal agreed to rip up the forward’s contract. Both have settled in well, with Aubameyang key to the 4-0 El Clasico thrashing of Real Madrid last week. 