Russia has been building up its military presence on the outskirts of Kyiv, building up pressure on the local population and defence forces for days. NATO has so far maintained its members have no intention of directly intervening in Ukraine despite calls from Kyiv residents to impose a no-fly zone to prevent further bombings. Security expert Angus Roxburgh insisted NATO could not intervene to prevent the convoy from moving closer to the capital as it would constitute "an act of aggression." Mr Roxburgh told BBC Breakfast: "It's hard to see what anyone can do to stop that. "President Zelensky is faced with a choice of capitulating at some point, which the vast majority of Ukrainian people do not want him to do, or holding out and try to defeat, try to stop the Russian advance but risk there will be a bloodbath in Kyiv, and a defeat in the end anyway. "If there is so little the Ukrainians themselves can do, other than resist to the utmost, it's really up to Western powers now to put massive diplomatic and financial and trade pressure on the Kremlin." A US official said a miles-long armoured column bearing down on the capital Kyiv had not made any advances in the past 24 hours, frozen in place by logistics problems, short on fuel and food, and perhaps pausing to reassess tactics. READ THE LATEST UPDATE IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  The assessment was echoed by BBC Security Correspondent Frank Gardner, who insisted NATO action in Ukraine could lead to the start of World War 3. Discussing the possibility of implementing a no-fly zone, Mr Gardner said: "What it would involve in practice is NATO airplanes going into action, crossing the border into Ukraine, firing missiles at Russian air defence, killing Russian, shooting down Russian planes. "Then you've got World War 3. "That is, quite simply, why it's not going to happen. READ MORE: Russian soldiers heading home ON FOOT en masse as troops desert Putin's invasion  "And it's terrible because Ukraine needs help." And NATO's former deputy supreme allied commander General Sir Adrian Bradshaw has said the alliance cannot impose a no-fly zone on Ukraine as this would lead to the "third world war". He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "This is not like Iraq; we're up against sophisticated enemy with very capable air defence assets. "This becomes a struggle between the forces of Nato and the forces of Russia, on the ground, quite probably from the sea, in the air, in the space domain, in the information domain and in the cyber domain. DON'T MISS Captured Russian soldier breaks down in tears [INSIGHT]Nord Stream 2 Firm goes bankrupt after crushing Russia sanctions [ANALYSIS]'You have no idea what's coming' Biden in fierce warning to Putin [REPORT] "This is war. It amounts to 30 countries against Russia. This is the third world war in anybody's language. "We cannot afford to let that happen," he added. Russia has failed to capture a single city since its full-scale invasion began nearly a week ago, and Western analysts say Moscow has fallen back on tactics that call for devastating shelling of built-up areas before entering them. Hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians have fled the fighting as a miles-long Russian military convoy north of Kyiv readies to advance on the city. West of Kyiv, in the city of Zhytomyr, four people, including a child, were killed on Tuesday by a Russian cruise missile, a Ukrainian official said.