Mercury, Venus, the Sun, the North Node, Neptune and the Moon are all in action today. Overall, it’s a day for fun, daydreaming and thinking about the future. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 14. Mercury, the planet of communication, technology and travel is semisextile Venus the planet of love and beauty until Wednesday. This aspect helps you relax and unwind and helps you to see both a logical AND playful approach to life. The site predicts: “Socialising should be more enjoyable because of less stress and more harmony in your relationships. You can bring people together and encourage cooperation.” Cafe Astrology added: “It may be all too easy to say things we don’t mean or feel but we seem to be able to make things work. “While we may not be especially focused today, we’re adaptable and making an effort to understand one another.” READ MORE- Horoscopes: Your weekly horoscope - what do the stars have in store? The Sun in Pisces is sextile the North Node retrograde in Taurus today. The North Node is all about the future and karma and the Sun rules over ego. Astrology.com said: “This transit aligns the mystic with the valuable fate and destiny. “It indicates the importance of having a hopeful yet realistic vision of what could be to secure the future!” Venus forms a semi-square to Neptune today, suggesting some tendencies to gloss over problems or see what we want to see, imagining the best or the worst. Cafe Astrology explained: “Of course, the truth is somewhere in between. “We might have temporary doubts about our lovability and worth or about relationships, pleasure, or comfort levels. “Alternatively, we might go in the other direction and look the other way in the face of critical flaws and details.” Astrology.com added: “It links the mystical ego with the spiritual realm, immersing fantasy in reality. “Now could be the time to daydream about what life could be, as the aspect reiterates the importance of believing in one’s abstracted vision. “It can also allude to wearing rose-coloured glasses for far too long. So, be mindful of where wishful thinking wanders to!” DON'T MISS...Horoscope: Pisces warned of upcoming 'terrible conflict' - 'be brave' [INFORMER]Horoscopes & love: Gemini urged to ‘go with the flow’ [INSIGHT]Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] The Moon is in joyful Leo all day, and we’re happy to share ourselves with others in heartfelt ways. The Moon in Leo speaks to our “inner child”, so be prepared to play around and loosen up. Cafe Astrology said: “It’s a warm, generous, whole-heartedly loving position. “Pride keeps us from pettiness, but it can also prevent us from opening up and revealing how we are truly feeling. “We are on stage, our feelings are grand, and we appreciate some drama in our lives. We are easily threatened by anything that seems to be impersonal. “This is a time when we seek attention–when we want to stand out for our special qualities. It’s a strong time for romance and any creative activity as well.”