The day is celebrated annually on March 8 to celebrate the cultural, political, and socioeconomic achievements of women. Many took to social media on Tuesday to pay tribute to the women in their lives who have provided support, comfort, and inspiration.  Kate Middleton’s younger brother James posted a photo of his wife Alizée Thevenet of her bottle-feeding a goat with two of their dogs in tow. Last year, James gifted Prince William and the Duchess a cocker spaniel puppy after his dog had a litter of six puppies. The caption on the Instagram post read: “Celebrating International Women’s Day through our love of dogs, because they are Woman’s best friend too. “I am fortunate to be surrounded by incredible women, my wife, my mother, my sisters, my friends, my colleagues and many more who inspire me every day.  “Happy International Women’s Day.” The Middleton siblings are very close and as a family they used to have sit-down dinners every weeknight. In recent years, James has discussed his struggles with depression and noted how supportive his family was. As part of his treatment, he received cognitive behavioural therapy for almost a year after a consultation at a private psychiatric hospital. READ MORE:Russian whistleblower warns Ukraine invasion will be a 'total failure' Talking to the Telegraph in 2019, James disclosed how the Middleton family occasionally accompanied James to some of the therapy sessions, including his sister Kate. He said: “That was so important because that helped them understand me and how my mind was working. “And I think the way the therapy helped me was that I didn’t need my family to say, ‘What can we do?’ “The only thing they could do was just come to some of the therapy sessions to start to understand.” Prince William and Kate joined Prince Charles and Camilla to honour the Queen on International Women’s Day for her 70 years of devotion to the crown. DON'T MISS:Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war (INSIGHT)Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis (ANALYSIS)Holiday boost for British tourists as EU brings in new travel rules (REVEAL)  The post on Instagram featured eight images of the Queen throughout her reign and said: “Mother, grandmother, great-grandmother and Head of State, The Queen’s extraordinary reign has been longer than any other monarch in British history – inspiring a nation and dedicating her life to the service of the Commonwealth and its people.” Clarence House also paid tribute to Fawzia Amini, Ferozan Easar Qasimi and Alia Popal who were judges in courts in Afghanistan before the Taliban returned to power who were invited to tea with the Duchess last week. On Tuesday, the Duchess of Cornwall hosted a Women of the World Festival event, of which she is President, and met many inspirational women including the three women of ‘Team ExtraOARdinary’ who broke the world record for rowing 3,000 miles over 42 days to raise money for cancer charities. 