AMC’s global hit The Walking Dead returned to screens with another instalment of its post-apocalyptic horror series. As the show progresses fans could see an unlikely duo form an allegiance for an impending war, as hinted by Daryl Dixon star Norman Reedus.  This season, viewers have gained a deeper insight into the Commonwealth community after those from Alexandria relocated there. The residents of the neighbourhood were forced to move after the community became overrun with Walkers. This came after the death of its leader Deanna Monroe (Tovah Feldshuh) who was bitten by a zombie after a herd of them found their way into Alexandria. Then about two months after, Michonne Hawthorne (Dania Gurira) came across her zombified body in the woods and with her son Spencer Monroe's (Austin Nichols) help they put her down. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series Her loss caused complete disarray at Alexandria with extreme food shortages and they soon became dangerously low on important supplies. This brought on the first encounter with the Commonwealth community, which had arrived with supplies and offered accommodation for residents. The most recent episode titled ‘New Haunts’ highlighted it had been 30 days since the community joined the Commonwealth and they seemed to be assimilating well. Including Daryl and Rosita Espinosa (Christian Serratos) who had enlisted in their army and had begun boot camp training under Mercer (Michael James Shaw). Although, Daryl and Mercer didn’t see eye to eye, especially after the military man failed the Alexandrian when he failed to work as a team during a walker-killing team-building exercise. However, according to Daryl star Norman Reedus, the dispute between the two could soon come to an end. Speaking to Comicbook.com, the actor shared: “I knew as soon as he and I were kind of [butting heads] that we were going to team up and be friends. I knew that was coming. “But that relationship's interesting because, as backward as that place Commonwealth is... he's the poster for the place. He's the hero of the place. They love him there.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [THEORY]The Walking Dead's Lauren Cohan pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT] The Walking Dead: Negan returns with Rick Grimes after big hint? [THEORY] Mercer was first introduced in the premiere of season 11, not only as a member of the Commonwealth but also as the no-nonsense general of their army. While not much is known about his life before the outbreak, he did reveal he graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point and served in the Marines. During their time in the community, Daryl and Rosita soon realised there was a rigid class divide and hostility because of it. Which is where Mercer informed him: “This place is as good as anything I've seen. It'll give you a decent life if you can cut it, and I want you to succeed. “But you gotta get out of your own damn way,” he added. Speaking on Daryl’s apprehension of Mercer, Reedus shared: “You can tell that he doesn't all think it's roses right off the bat. “And I think that's something that is very evident to him, to Daryl, and to Rosita, when they meet him for the first time. So I kind of had a feeling. “I was like, I know how The Walking Dead works. So it's like, we hate each other, we're probably going to be friends. It's not my first rodeo. I know what's what.” The Walking Dead season 11B continues every Sunday on AMC in the USA and on Disney+ every Monday in the UK. 