The former Brexit minister argued urgent reform was needed in order to boost UK economic growth and improve the livelihoods of ordinary hard-working Britons across the country. Giving a scathing assessment of yesterday's Spring Statement from the Chancellor, he warned reform is needed to properly tackle the cost of living crisis. Despite slashing fuel duty, an increase in the threshold for national insurance payments, and a promised future income tax cut, Britons are set to find themselves considerably worse off in the months ahead. Government forecasters said Britons faced the biggest hit to their living standards since records began in the late 1950s. At the same time, inflation is set to hit a 40-year high of nearly nine percent later this year. The turbulent economic outlook, caused by the pandemic and war with Russia, has left many Tories feeling uneasy. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak will ‘incur wrath of pensioners at next election’ They fear voters could turn their backs on them at the ballot box if the cost of living crisis continues to pinch. Lord Frost said: "The tax burden is at its highest since the Attlee government. "Spending is at its highest on a sustained basis since the 1970s. "That's not an environment that supports economic growth." He urged Mr Sunak to work with No10 to cut costs in Government in order to be able to cut tax further and put money back in Britons' pockets. Writing in the Telegraph, he said: "That is how Rishi Sunak can make us best in class and admired by the world. DON'T MISS:Jacob Rees-Mogg pinpoints major Brexit win in Rishi's plan [INSIGHT]Fury erupts as Britons slam 'false 5p cut' [REACTION]Spring Statement 2022 highlights - 6 key changes Rishi has announced [EXPLAINED] "The correct way forward is a different one: to get onto a new path, to hold the tax burden down, force the necessary difficult choices on spending, and boost growth. "That means a fundamental redesign of the British state. "Between now and the autumn Budget, I would like to see the Government develop a credible plan to reduce the size of the state to the levels of successful countries such as Switzerland or Australia over the long term: to simplify and cut taxes, to trim spending, and (as the Chancellor noted) to encourage investment, R&D, and skills." Lord Forst's assessment has been widely shared among Tory MPs who were left unimpressed by yesterday's announcement. The former minister quit the Government in December over the "direction of travel". He blamed policy on Covid and economic policies for his departure. In his resignation letter, he wrote: "I hope we will move as fast as possible to where we need to get to: a lightly regulated, low tax, entrepreneurial economy, at the cutting edge of modern science and economic change. "Three hundred years of history show that countries which take that route grow and prosper, and I am confident we will too." Since leaving his role in Mr Johnson's Cabinet, he has been a regular critic of the Government's policies.