Update 14:00, March 5 – Mastercard has confirmed that some transactions were impacted by a "scheduled system update" earlier today. However, the company says the situation has now been resolved and "all systems are working as normal". A number of banks that rely on Mastercard to process transactions had already confirmed that its systems were behind the problems. The original story, published before Mastercard had issued a statement about the problems processing transactions with credit and debit cards in the UK, follows below... Hundreds of customers have experienced issues paying at the checkout with a Mastercard card. The payment firm appears to be suffering an outage across the UK with hundreds of debit and credit card owners taking to social media to complain about the problems. Mastercard has yet to comment on the issue, which has seemingly blocked people from paying with Mastercard-powered credit and debit cards. The problem impacts both contactless and chip-and-PIN payments. Apple Pay and Google Pay are also down, reports suggest. Mastercard and VISA are the two market leaders when it comes to payment processing technologies. Banks including Santander, Monzo, First Direct, Barclaycard, HSBC, and Nationwide all rely on Mastercard for their cards. Independent service DownDetector, which monitors the performance of online services by tracking complaints on social media, shows a huge spike in the number of complaints about Mastercard. At its peak, more than 400 people were complaining about the glitch. It's unclear what has caused the problem, which has seen shoppers at the checkout unable to pay for goods. Huge numbers of people have taken to Twitter to share their experiences during the outage, which is believed to have started around 11.30am this morning (March 5, 2022). Although Mastercard hasn't commented on the rising reports about problems at the checkout, a number of banks have spoken out about the issues. App-based banking firm Monzo, which has more than five million customers and 100,000 business account owners in the UK, has responded to a number of complaints from customers unable to use their cards today. Using the official social media account, the Monzo customer service team have responded to a number of complaints. "We've been made aware of issues with Mastercard and Visa. We're so sorry for the inconvenience you're having here. Our engineers are working to get this fixed as soon as possible. Please keep an eye on our social media for updates," one tweet reads. First Direct, another bank that relies on Mastercard for its cards, responded to a disgruntled customer who was unable to use their card in Aldi and McDonalds today. In the tweet, the bank confirms: "I'm sorry about that, we are aware of some industry wide card issues today. Please continue to try your card and use alternative methods of payment until this is resolved. We know this is not ideal and are doing everything we can to sort this." Barclaycard, Nationwide and HSBC have yet to comment on customer reports about problems with their cards. "Morrisons unable to take Mastercard payment this morning. Manager says it’s a worldwide problem," one disgruntled shopper shared on social media. Another added: "Great got declined doing shopping because of issues with Mastercard" Mastercard has not commented on the growing number of reports. In response to one customer who tweeted about issues with payment in a UK supermarket, the customer service team from Mastercard responded: "Mastercard is a technology provider to banks and financial institutions. We do not hold any account or transaction related information. Please contact your card issuing bank regarding your query via the number listed at the back of your card. Thank you!"