Andy Murray is eyeing a new full-time coach after crashing out of the BNP Paribas Open. The former world No 1 is teaming back up with Ivan Lendl for a training block in Miami but is looking for someone to travel with him year-round. Murray has been without a full-time coach since parting ways with Jamie Delgado in the off-season. The pair had worked together since 2016, the Brit's most successful season which saw him win a third Grand Slam title, second Olympic gold medal and ascend to world No 1. The current world No 88 then underwent an unsuccessful trial period with Jan De Witt but recently announced he will be teaming back up with Ivan Lendl for a long training block in Miami after the upcoming Miami Open. Lendl worked with Murray from 2011-2014 and 2016-2017, with him for all his Grand Slam titles, Olympic wins and rise to the top ranking. JUST IN: Kerber explains wearing Ukraine ribbon vs Russian opponent  He is hoping the eight-time Grand Slam champion will also sit in his box for some of his matches at the Masters 1000 event but is still looking for a travelling coach to accompany him for half a year. The former world No 1 had also trialled another coach - Esteban Carril - at the back-end of 2021, with the Spaniard joining him at the Stockholm Open where he scored a top ten win over Jannik Sinner. But according to the BBC, the man who had also been linked with Emma Raducanu at the time was not available to travel with Murray for 20-25 weeks each season. Instead, the three-time Major champion seems to be considering an LTA coach he has enlisted to join him in Indian Wells after enjoying their partnership so far.   Mark Hilton, who has previously coached other former British No 1s Dan Evans and Kyle Edmund, joined Murray in the Californian desert, and will be wih him in Miami next week. The 46-time title winner has so far found their work together to be positive but hasn't yet had a conversation about a long-term partnership. Murray will now head to Miami to train ahead of the upcoming Masters 1000, which begins on March 23. The two-time champion in Miami has been awarded a wildcard alongside the likes of Nick Kyrgios and Naomi Osaka. DON'T MISSEmma Raducanu suffered stiff back at Indian WellsRaducanu dumped out of Indian Wells following last 32 defeat to MarticMedvedev responds after angry Ukrainian calls for Russian tennis ban  He will then stay in the city for a training block with Lendl, having confirmed he would skip the clay-court season this year. "The past couple of years, the clay has made issues worse; last year I had some issues at the beginning of the year, the clay didn't help, so I've spoken to my team about that and this year while I feel good and healthy, I don't want to take that risk," the 2016 French Open runner-up said last month. "It's not that I wouldn't potentially play on clay in the future. Last year I almost missed Wimbledon, was close to not playing the grass season, I'm not planning on playing the clay. "I will still try to compete a bit during that period, I won't do nothing, that's my plan just now." 