Carole Middleton, 67, looked stunning in a navy and white striped jumper from Zara on Wednesday, March 16. Kate Middleton’s mother posted a picture of herself on her Instagram page for Party Pieces to raise awareness for World Water Day next week on March 22. The company have launched new eco-friendly partyware ranges, all designed by Carole.  In the images, Carole and a group of children were picking up litter on West Wittering Beach. They were performing the coastal cleanup with Big Blue Ocean Cleanup. The mother-of-three could be seen posing in her navy and white Zara jumper for the occasion. This jumper was previously worn by her daughter, Pippa Middleton in 2014. READ MORE: 'No security' Kate's mum often 'whizzes' through Palace gates  The Duchess of Cambridge’s sister was seen wearing it walking through London at the time, but now it appears to have been passed on to her mother. At the time, the item sold for £26.63. However, due to being seen worn on Pippa, the jumper immediately sold out. Carole paired her Zara jumper with a Fjallraven green jacket which appears to be a new purchase for her.  The jacket retails for a whopping £230, but would certainly keep her warm during a cold trip to the beach. For footwear, Carole chose a new pair of Blundstone original low-cut boots. These sell for an outstanding £135 if royal fans want to look like the very stylish mother-of-three. Carole’s daughter Kate also dons her Blundstone boots when she is performing royal duties in the countryside or for general outdoors activities.  Royal fans loved Carole’s look and expressed their admiration on social media. Instagram user @sandrasfourseasons said: “I love her style.” Another fan, @sabrina_hala_ wrote: “Magnificent. “Carole Middleton looks so beautiful in nature.”  Royal watcher @fran_imsassyandiknowit added: “Stripes have always been such a classic, in any size and colour.” Social media user @katieelizii commented saying: “You go girl! Styling casual!” Another Instagram account, @robynmcd0305 said: “It must be fun to have a bunch of family members who can share that wardrobe. “Family goals.” 