The officers were commended at the inquest of Mark Stephen, 45, who had driven to the landmark and climbed its railings. Mr Stephen, a taxi driver, jumped off but clung to the railings just as a Humberside Police unit arrived and grabbed hold of his arms. The officers held onto Mr Stephen for five minutes but he slipped from the jacket and fell into the river, his inquest yesterday was told. His body hasn't been found despite extensive searches since the tragedy in the early hours of Saturday, December 29, 2018. The inquest heard PCs James Saunders and Daniel Hermann spotted a Citroen with its hazard lights on in the northbound lane of the bridge and stopped in a desperate bid to help Mr Stephen. PC Saunders said: "I took hold of one of his arms by the wrist. He had a jacket on which made it hard to hold on. "He told us 'Just let me go. I have lost everything.'"  PC Daniel Hermann said, in a statement, that he clung on to the man's left wrist and pleaded with him to let them help him. At one point the man asked them to pull him up, Hull Live says. But the taxi driver slipped from the jacket and plunged to his death. Praising the officers' bravery, Mrs Johnson said: "I know how distressing that would have been. All credit to you and your colleague for what you did that day. "PC Saunders and PC Hermann should be given credit for trying to keep him from falling into the river. They must have been very difficult conditions. All credit for the efforts they made." A search and rescue helicopter was immediately scrambled to carry out searches of the river, along with coastguards and volunteers. Searches were also carried out along both banks of the river in the hours following the tragedy.  Recording a narrative conclusion, Marianne Johnson, assistant coroner for North Lincolnshire and Grimsby, said Mr Stephen, from Grimsby, Lincolnshire, had battled depression for around 11 years. His wife Kerry told the coroner there had been difficulty in their relationship in recent years. Mrs Johnson added: "We know it is a well-known suicide spot and we know he was on prescribed medication and he had relationship problems. He was clearly anxious and slightly depressed." But she was unable to record a verdict of suicide with confidence. The coroner conceded it was "most likely that he drowned" despite all the efforts to prevent the husband from falling. She said the death was "unascertained". If you are struggling and have suicidal thoughts, know you are not alone and that help is available. Please contact any one of the following. In the UK, you can call the Samaritans free on 116 123 (the number will not appear on your telephone bill) or email jo@samaritans.org. In America, The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a network of more than 160 crisis centres that provide a 24-hour-a-day service via a free hotline on 00-1-800-273-8255. Lifeline is a national charity providing all Australians experiencing a personal crisis with access to 24-hour crisis support and suicide prevention services. Call 13-11-14. Help is ALWAYS available. If you need it, reach out.  