Jacob Rees-Mogg appeared on LBC where he discussed Brexit and the interview with former EU negotiator Guy Verhofstadt earlier that day. Mr Verhofstadt told presenter Nick Ferrari he would like to see the UK rejoin the European Union one day as the bloc has shown what it can do together in the face of the Ukrainian conflict. Mr Rees-Mogg disagreed, stating he would rather work with allies than be ruled by them. Speaking on LBC, Mr Marr asked Mr Rees-Mogg for his opinions of rejoining the European Union. He said: "Guy Verhofstadt, well known Eurocrat, was on my colleague Nick Ferrari's programme at breakfast time... "He said, look, Europe is coming together at this great big moment in world history, we face a common enemy together and we really hope that in my lifetime, your lifetime, even in my lifetime, we will see the UK returning in some form to the European fold. "What would you say to him?" The Tory minister replied: "Well, I don't agree with that, I think that we can work closely together without being part of a single EU state, that we can be united in opposition to Putin. "As I say, the United States is playing a very leading part of this but we don't want to have a single country that is the United States and the European Union and the UK. "Working with allies is a perfectly sensible thing to do, it is what we have done throughout our history." Mr Marr asked if there was any "buyer's remorse" and was told, "not at all".  Mr Verhofstadt told LBC earlier that day: "Brexit could have been totally different if, at a certain moment, Labour and the Conservatives were ready to cooperate and to find a way out of Brexit. "More in the sense of an association agreement, Norwegian style for example, then the cold Brexit we have now and I'm still continuing to think that in a world as we see today, with the aggression of Russia wouldn't have been stronger today if UK was a part of the EU, that I'm pretty sure. "Brexit was a loss for everybody, for Britain and also for the European Union. "But okay, we never know what will happen in the future."  He added: "There will be in my opinion, a generation of young politicians in the UK, we will say, oh, look, let's work together let's enter in European Union and let's change the European Union for the better. Mr Ferrari replied: "So part of renew Europe would be for the United Kingdom to renew its membership of the European Union?" The MEP added: "Exactly, yeah, that's, I can tell you I think that 90 percent of the European Parliament and the European politicians would like that." Mr Verhofstadt also voiced support for the European Union to form a "united EU military" amid the war in Ukraine. 