 Conte’s side went 2-0 up thanks to a Kurt Zouma own goal and Son’s first of the afternoon. A Said Benrahma half-volley set up a nervy second half, but Son scored again late on. The South Korean latched on to Harry Kane’s flick-on and finished clinically past Lukasz Fabianski. His second strike was his 14th goal of another impressive season. Three points put Spurs three points behind Arsenal in the race for fourth place in the Premier League, although the Gunners have a game in hand. They also both face each other before the campaign draws to a close, with the North London Derby still to be rearranged. JUST IN: Everton boss Lampard slams stars for lacking 'b*******' Conte believes the ball is in Arsenal’s court. “You know very well what is monumental about fourth place – the Champions League," he said. "Usually, there are four teams in England who, in my opinion, are better than the others. I’m talking about [Manchester] City, Chelsea, Liverpool and [Manchester] United. “But if there is one of these teams who play in the season and miss the chance to stay in the [top four], I think now in this moment, Arsenal, Tottenham and West Ham – they need to be ready to try to stay until the end. “It’s very close because everything can happen, especially in England, in this this league because it’s very difficult. Last season, Liverpool struggled a lot. Now in this season, United are struggling. DON'T MISS...Lampard's grumpy response after Everton thrashed by Crystal PalaceMan Utd tipped to make 'radical' Cristiano Ronaldo transfer decisionWhere Man Utd, Chelsea and Arsenal's 2012 wonderkid stars are now  "But, as we know, Arsenal in this moment have a big advantage. But at the same time, we have a big game against Arsenal and we will see.” Conte has been in charge since replacing Nuno Espirito Santo in November. To be challenging for a Champions league place is evidence of the team’s improvement under the Italian. And the 52-year-old believes his side are learning to control games. “We’re improving a lot, not only tactically and technically, but also we are starting to understand the game, to control the game and different parts of the 90 minutes. “We are enjoying to play football. That’s also important for our fans because the atmosphere today was incredible. They were delighted to see this team win in this way.”       