While many may prefer the humble cup of tea, coffee is certainly on the rise in the UK with the likes of Starbucks and Costa cropping up on more and more high streets across the country offering unique seasonal menus. Whether Britons are coffee lovers or not, there is more to coffee than just its awakening qualities and bitter taste. Coffee grounds can be used right throughout a property, specifically when it comes to scratched furniture. Coffee comes in many different forms, from freeze-dried instant granules to the compact puck of grounded beans. Keeping the leftover grounds can be more useful than homeowners may think. Renowned for their exfoliant texture and intense scent, coffee grounds are a useful addition to bog-standard cleaning solutions. Offering a zero-waste and chemical-free alternative to commercial products, it’s hard to find a reason not to clean with coffee grounds. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks Coffee grounds can be put to great work in the living room as the power of your morning coffee can live on long after the effects of the caffeine have subsided. Daniel P. Craig, furniture expert and founder of Kitchen Deets explained that coffee grounds are perfect for cleaning furniture that has received harsh scratches that are notoriously hard to repair. Doing this can take just 10 minutes. He said: “A little trick I've used is to cover scratches by applying some used coffee grounds with a cotton swab. “Let the grounds sit on the scratches for 10 minutes and then wipe away gently. It really works." DON'T MISS: Orchids: The ‘trimming’ hack to keep your orchids healthy in spring [EXPERT]Plants: Gardeners are warned against using typical watering method [TIPS]How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT] While this cleaning may seem unconventional, the expert explains that, in most cases, it is hard to tell where the scratches were after you have repaired them. Daniel is not exclusive in his admiration for this surprising technique. Andre Kazimierski, The CEO of Improve Painters explained how coffee makes scratches appear “less noticeable”. He said: “Coffee grounds are a great tool to cover up any scratches you find on your furniture.” He also recommends mixing it with white vinegar for tough scratches. Andre advised homeowners to leave it to steep for at least one hour before applying it to any furniture scratches with a cloth. The expert added: “Both methods darken the scratch and make it less noticeable.” However, homeowners should always test the colour in a concealed spot before experimenting with this hack. Coffee can also be used to clean cooker stains. Using coffee grounds on your cooker will scrub away tough stains and neutralise nasty odours caused by the remnants of last week’s dinner. Simply sprinkle over the shiny metal surface around the heat rings and scrub as usual or add coffee grounds to a soapy water solution and apply with a sponge. Wipe over with clean water or surface wipes and repeat as necessary.