Former Loose Women panellist and singer Jane McDonald, 58, has spoken about her ex-husband and the reasons their marriage broke down in an unearthed interview, as well as sharing how she first met her late fiancé, Eddie Rothe. The host of Channel 5 show Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire described her marriage to Danish-born Henrik Brixen as “dodgy”. Speaking in 2014, Jane told The Bolton News the marriage had been one of life’s “ups and downs”. The Yorkshire native said: “My life has been full of ups and downs. “Yes I had a dodgy marriage with Henrik but it was circumstance, not personal.” The couple had met on a cruise ship and married in 1998 but the marriage only lasted for five years. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update Jane said she bears no ill will towards her ex-husband. She explained: “I won’t hear a word said against him.” The Loose Women favourite also spoke to The Mirror, in 2018, discussing the reasons her marriage to Henrik failed. Henrik, who was a plumber when they met, became Jane’s manager. He became concerned that her singing career may be negatively impacted if they stayed together. Jane explained: “Henrik tried his very very best and he was brilliant at what he did, but he didn’t know the industry. She added: “We'd come to a point where Henrik had made quite a few enemies and he said, ‘If I don’t leave you, you are never going to have a career. “And that is why I never talk about Henrik in a bad light at all because he was the one that walked out of the marriage to save my career.” DON’T MISS:Dan Walker breaks silence on BBC Breakfast absence [UPDATE]Piers Morgan asks leaders with 'guts' to challenge 'genocidal' Putin [LATEST]Judge Robert Rinder hits out at criticism over planned Ukraine trip [NEWS] Jane later became engaged to Liquid Gold and The Searchers drummer, Eddie Rothe, in 2008. They had previously dated when Jane was 18 but the relationship had been short-lived at the time. As a panellist on Loose Women, Jane was reintroduced to Eddie years later. Jane was a part of the show for 10 years, before leaving to focus on her singing career in 2014. Eddie sadly died last year following a battle with lung cancer. Jane returned to Loose Women after two years to speak about Eddie’s passing, where she immediately broke down in tears when asked about her late partner.