A senior Pentagon official said on Friday that Russian forces no longer have full control of Kherson. The official told reporters during a briefing that Ukrainian forces are fighting fiercely in the city and pushing back Russian gains.   He added that it now makes the strategically important port city "contested territory". The claim contradicts a statement made on Friday by Major General Sergei Rudskoi, chief of the Main Operational Directorate of the Russian military’s General Staff, who said that the Kherson region was under full control. Ukrainian officials questioned the Pentagon’s assessment, saying the city appeared to still firmly be under Moscow's control, although Kyiv's forces are fighting across the wider region. East European media outlet Nexta echoed the claim, tweeting: "Russian forces no longer have full control of Kherson."   US defence officials said any Ukrainian success in taking back Kherson would be a huge blow to Mr. Putin’s war effort and make it harder for Russia to follow through on any plans to seize control of Ukraine’s Black Sea coast and the port of Odessa. The Pentagon official said losing Kherson would also endanger Russian troops fighting in nearby Mykolayiv. He added that Moscow had begun drawing on Russian forces in Georgia to move to Ukraine.  READ MORE ABOUT THE ASTONISHING PAY OF P&O'S BOSS  The official also said Russian soldiers have also adopted defensive positions near Kyiv and abandoned efforts to capture it from the ground, according to The New York Times. He added: "They don’t show any sign of being able to move on Kyiv from the ground." US officials believed Russia was prioritising its fight in eastern Ukraine, where Russian-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian troops since 2014, according to the official. The senior defence official also said the United States has assessed that Russia is prioritising eastern Ukraine's Donbass, as opposed to Kyiv, in what may be an effort to build leverage in negotiations and cut Ukrainian forces off in the east from the rest of the country.  DON'T MISS: Tragedy as woman, 28, 'likely' after crashing car 'while eating KFC' [REPORT] Woman heartbroken as beloved pet dies after horror dog attack [LATEST] British Summer Time start: Do the clocks go forward or back? [REVEALED] The Kremlin said earlier on Friday that the first phase of its "military operation" was mostly complete and it would focus on completely "liberating" Ukraine's breakaway eastern Donbass region. This appeared to indicate Moscow may be switching to more limited objectives after running into fierce Ukrainian resistance in a month of war. The senior US official suggested Russia's activities on the ground appeared broadly to back up Moscow's announcement.  Speaking on condition of anonymity, the official  told reporters: "They are prioritizing it and we concur, our information would concur, with that."  Mr Rudskoi said on Friday that 1,351 Russian soldiers had died in the "operation" and 3,825 been injured. Ukraine's military has said some 15,000 Russian soldiers have been killed in combat. The US defence official said Russia's combat power in Ukraine was somewhere between 85 and less than 90 percent of its pre-invasion levels.   Kherson was the first major urban centre to fall into the hands of Russian troops after they invaded Ukraine on February 24. Officials warned on Tuesday that 300,000 civilians were running out of food in the occupied southern Ukrainian city, highlighting what one international aid official said was the breakdown of Ukraine's humanitarian system. Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said this week that Russian forces were preventing humanitarian supplies reaching civilians in Kherson. Russia has met with popular resistance in the city with Ukraine's armed forces reporting that Russian troops had used stun grenades and gunfire to disperse a rally of pro-Ukrainian protesters in the city on Monday.  