The financial institution has confirmed the launch of new three and five year Fixed Rate Online Bonds. These new rates include a three Year Fixed Rate Online Bond which stands at 1.35 percent rate AER. As well as this, Nationwide has launched a new Five Year Fixed Rate Online Bond onto the market. This particular bond rate is fixed at 1.50 percent AER for customers. Both rates are considered to be highest from a major high street provider, according to MoneyFacts.co.uk. The bond rates are available for balances of £1 or more and can be opened online through Nationwide's website. Alternatively, customers can access these rates via the building society’s Internet Banking service or the Banking app. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Darren Bailey, the head of Product Development at Nationwide Building Society, outlined who these new bonds are for. Mr Bailey said: “We always like to give our savers a range of options for their money and these latest additions will expand the range of fixed rate bonds we have available." He added: “These new bonds will appeal to those wanting to save with a brand they know and trust.” Earlier this year, Nationwide announced a series of rate changes to its savings account and FlexOne account.   Implemented on February 1, 2022, the changes saw rates go up by at least 0.15 percent on children’s and regular savings accounts. This rate change also affected the building society’s Help to Buy ISA and its loyalty accounts. Furthermore, Nationwide hikes the rate on its Flex Regular Saver by 0.50 percent to 2.50 percent AER. This represents an increase of more than three times the bank rate rise, making it one of the building society’s most competitive offers. Tom Riley, director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide Building Society, emphasised the importance of offering competitive rates to customers in these tumultuous times. Mr Riley explained: “We are announcing the changes to savings and our children’s current account to give our members certainty about what their rate is going to be.  “As one of the first major savings providers to announce its changes, we’re demonstrating our commitment to savers, particularly children and regular savers, such as those saving for their first home. “We continue to focus on providing a range of competitive savings products to our members. “In recent months our average deposit rate has been two-thirds higher than the market average. “But we also need to balance our savings rates with the need to ensure we provide good value for our borrowers and continue to invest in services that are important for our members.” 