As fighting enters its 12th day, the Ukraine Defence office announce forces had successfully retaken the city of Chuiv after Russian troops captured it. So far Russian forces have seized the southern city of Kherson but continue to attack major cities, including the capital, Kyiv. Russia agreed on several humanitarian corridors to allow civilians to leave over the weekend but all attempts were betrayed with Russian troops evening firing on a family during an evacuation across a bridge. But Ukrainians show no signs of cowering with residents switching out road signs to confuse Russian troops who are in unfamiliar territory. Pictures of a road sign in Odessa show a road sign with one arrow pointing ahead reading 'F*** off", another arrow to the left states, "F*** off again" and a third arrow pointing to the right reads, "F*** off back to Russia". At least 1.5 million refugees are thought to have fled Ukraine since the invasion began, the United Nations estimated making it "the fastest-growing refugee crisis in Europe since World War 2". Now the European Union is warning an estimated five million refugees could cross the border. Speaking on Monday British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the UK is "processing thousands" of applications from Ukrainians wanting to seek refuge in the UK. Mr Johnson rejected calls for Britain to remove controls on Ukrainian refugees coming to the country, saying Britain was already being generous but needed to maintain checks on who was arriving. He said: "We are a very, very generous country. What we want though is control and we want to be able to check." Speaking on the invasion itself he said Russian President Vladimir Putin is "doubling down" on the level of violence being used. The PM said: "Clearly, what's happening now is that Putin is doubling down on his aggression and he is deciding to attack in a pretty indiscriminate way. "That's producing huge waves of people, we're going to have to respond to that and we will."  READ MORE: Awkward moment maskless Boris glares at Trudeau     Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky continues to call for a no-fly zone above Ukraine as he delivered a televised address on Monday. He told the world Ukraine "never wanted war" before saying Ukrainian officials are already working on plans to rebuild Ukraine once it has defeated the Russian invasion. He said: "There are many people in Ukraine who are capable of fighting for our country, for our freedom, for our national flag. "Ukraine and terror - these are completely different notions. We will never have a swastika in our land." The leader also confirmed he has spoke with Boris Johnson in "fair" discussions, adding that if the situation escalates further "new sanctions need to be introduced to bring peace".  DON'T MISS:Vladimir Putin abandoned as former oligarch ally plots to STRIP him of key energy asset | World | News | Express.co.ukXi Jinping could feel 'misled' as Vladimir Putin promised 'quick' Ukraine war | World | News | Express.co.ukRussia soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies | World | News | Express.co.uk  The President's office also confirmed the next round of peace talks will take place between Russia and Ukraine on Monday. Two previous rounds yielded little beyond pledges to open routes for humanitarian access that have yet to be successfully implemented. Russia's announcement of new corridors came after two days of failed ceasefires to let civilians flee the besieged city of Mariupol, where hundreds of thousands are trapped without food and water, under relentless bombardment. The new "corridors" would lead from the capital Kyiv, the eastern cities of Kharkiv and Sumy, as well as Mariupol, Russia's defence ministry said. 