Tiger Woods is set to play a practice round at Augusta National, after it was reported his private jet landed in the area on Tuesday. There has been plenty of speculation that Woods could mark his long-awaited return to the PGA Tour with a sensational appearance at the Masters next week. The American has not featured in a competitive tournament since a horror car accident last February in Los Angeles. Woods suffered open fractures to his lower right leg and further injuries to his foot and ankle in the accident. Since then, he has been going through extensive rehabilitation in order to get himself back to full fitness. Despite his recent struggles, the 15-time-major winner grabbed all of the headlines last week, after his name was included on the provisional list for the Masters. Since then rumours have spiralled about Woods making an appearance at the event where he has enjoyed so much success down the years - winning five times overall. And the speculation has now seemingly gone up a notch after it was reported by The Telegraph that the 82-time PGA Tour winner is due to play a practice round at the famed course, after his private jet landed in the area at 9:45am local time this morning at Augusta Regional Airport, according to Twitter flight trackers Celebrity Jets. This came one day after Woods was pictured on his home course, playing - and more importantly walking - alongside his caddie Joe LaCava. JUST IN: Tiger Woods 'exhausting every effort' to play Masters with announcement expected The six-time green jacket winner has already ruled out ever returning to the PGA Tour full-time due to the effect of his injuries, but had reassured fans he would one day return. Previously discussing his future last month he commented: “Will I come back and play a full schedule? No. That will never happen again. “I can play certain events here and there, but on a full-time level, no, that will never happen again." However, when asked if he would be playing at Augusta this year he refused to rule out the chances, responding: “I don’t know.” DON'T MISSTiger Woods' world ranking record shattered by Scottie Scheffler after WGC Match Play winRichard Bland fires warning to Dustin Johnson with 49-year-old on verge of maiden MastersTiger Woods' comments on returning to action with star named on Masters provisional list If the American isn’t to take the famous Augusta course next week, he has confirmed he will still be in attendance in some capacity, after revealing his intentions to attend the annual champions dinner. Woods added: “I'll be there Tuesday and it will be a great dinner - I don't know what kind of sushi we are going to have!" Whilst the golfing world awaits confirmation, news on whether the 15-time major champion will compete is no doubt imminent. The opening major of the year is now just nine days away, with day one kicking off on Thursday April 7th. 