 The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) conducted analysis which shows every adult will pay an extra £1,000 a year due to Sunak's tax rises. The research indicates people will be hit with corporate tax increases alongside a hike to both the National Insurance levy and income tax. The total cost of the triple tax increase is thought to be £50.5billion per year.   The Chancellor is expected to explain the reason behind any tax increases in his spring statement. Sunak will also highlight the £400billion hole in the UK's finances which was caused by the coronavirus pandemic and urge Britain diminishes borrowing. The Richmond (Yorkshire) MP will reiterate the importance of strengthening our economy at a time of conflict in Ukraine. The Chancellor will say in his address: “We will confront this challenge to our values not just in the arms and resources we send to Ukraine but in strengthening our economy here at home. “So when I talk about security, yes – I mean responding to the war in Ukraine. But I also mean the security of a faster-growing economy.   The security of more resilient public finances. "And security for working families as we help with the cost of living.” Mr Sunak is also thought to further express his support for struggling and hard-working families who will be impacted by these changes. The Chancellor is expected to announce support for families struggling to cope with the cost of living crisis, including a fuel duty cut. Mr Sunak has faced pressure to increase benefits by five percent for poorer families and scrap the 1.25 percent National Insurance increase for workers on low-income by upping the threshold for payment. READ MORE:Maggie Fox dead: Coronation Street actress dies in 'sudden accident'  Mel Stride, Tory MP and Chair of the Treasury select committee, noted an increase in National Insurance “combined with the already present pressures in the UK on the cost of living, will impact the whole country and will be felt particularly by low-income households”. Mr Stride even argued for the National Insurance threshold to be increased. The Central Devon MP said: “It could provide quite a lot of relief, particularly for the lower paid - that is something I would welcome.” IFS analysis shows the National Insurance increase is projected to generate £13 billion a year. DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you think Kate and William will announce baby number 4 soon? (POLL)Spain holiday chaos: Costa del Sol faces shortages (INSIGHT)Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat (REACTION)    