Fern Britton was recently interviewed by Kate Thornton on her podcast White Wine Question Time where they discussed her children Harry, Jack, Grace and Winnie. During the conversation, the former This Morning presenter shared the IVF struggles she experienced before her twin boys were born in 1994. The 64-year-old told Kate the whole process was "very tough and expensive".   When Fern was with her ex-husband Clive Jones, the pair underwent IVF treatment as they knew they wanted to be parents. Fern explained to Kate: "Having my twin boys was somehow miraculous because it was IVF and it was my fourth go and I was about to say, 'I can't manage anymore', because anyone who has been through IVF knows the drugs and the routine and the enormity of lifting your hopes and dashing them is extreme, to say the least. "I got good at doing my own injections," the author explained. Figures reveal there were about 6,700 IVF cycles in UK clinics in 1991, rising to more than 69,000 by 2019.   Fern added: "It's very tough. Expensive, tough and difficult, but I was so lucky to have the boys [Harry and Jack Jones]. " When her sons were both three years old Fern was left dumbfounded when she discovered she was pregnant as she thought it was a "miracle". Fern gave birth to "this beautiful little girl" called Grace with Clive, but the couple, who were married between 1988 and 1998, soon parted ways. "Unfortunately my marriage broke up when she was five months old, so that was a tricky one," Fern revealed.  "So I had a year of really digging deep." Kate interjected: "So you had toddlers, hormones and heartbreak?" Fern continues: "But then a year later, I met Phil [Vickery]. And we were married after a year, and then, the last chance saloon. "I always say it's late-night shopping just before the doors closed [her daughter] Winnie arrived. "That was exciting. And then we had Winnie, and I was doing This Morning by then."  DON'T MISS...‘So achy today’ Fern Britton sparks concern as she shares health woes [LATEST]Fern Britton weight loss: Presenter lost huge 5st  [UPDATE]‘Absolutely slaughtered’ Fern Britton talks about ‘brutal’ former job [INSIGHT] Fern met Phil when they appeared together on BBC's Ready Steady Cook. The couple were together for two decades, but they announced their split in January 2020 in a statement posted on Twitter. At the time, Fern penned: "After more than 20 happy years together, Phil and I have decided to go our separate ways. "We will always share a great friendship and our lovely children.  "We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time. "Thank you for your continued kindness and support." (sic) Fern has been extremely private about her family life following after parting ways with Phil, but has explained they "fell apart". White Wine Question Time is available to listen to on Apple Podcasts. 