The Met Office said the mercury reached 17.5C in the West Sussex village of Wiggonholt on Friday, while it hit 17C in Gogerddan in Cardiganshire, Wales. BBC Weather's Louise Lear said the warm weather is set to continue into Saturday. She said: "We've got blue sky, we've got lots of sunshine to look out for. "The wind direction is quite a key role and one of the reasons is that the North Sea is quite chilly this time of year. "We're looking around 7C or 8C and so that is going to have an impact on the feel of the weather. "There will still be lots of sunshine but on exposed east coasts and maybe down into the southwest, we're looking around 12C. "Getting a little bit of shelter away from that brisk easterly wind we could see 16C quite widely across England and Wales in the west. READ MORE: How hot will it get this weekend? Sun here to stay ahead of heatwave "But in the north, we could see highs of around 18C." Temperatures are set to soar to 15C to 18C across the UK - levels well above average for March. The highest temperatures will be reached in north-west Scotland, where the mercury could hit 20C in some sheltered glens. Many places will be balmier than Ibiza, where temperatures of 16C are predicted. Forecaster Richard Miles told the PA news agency it would be "very fine and warm" and "sunny for many people". The pleasant conditions are thanks to the jet stream tracking well to the north of the UK, letting high pressure dominate from the east, he explained. The high pressure is centred over Denmark, which is primed to see its highest pressure record ever, the Met Office said. However, gusty winds will blow across southern England, northern Ireland and western Scotland, which could make it feel a little cooler than the high temperatures would suggest. DON'T MISS BBC Weather: Mercury set to soar this weekend with highs of 20C [VIDEO]Brits brace for 10cm of snow with spring snowfall [INSIGHT]Met Office issues yellow fog warning [ANALYSIS] The high pressure is expected to pull away from Britain on Sunday, and while temperatures are still expected to be in the double-digits, the day is forecast to be slightly cooler and cloudier. Some showers are also possible in south-east England, but dry weather should prevail everywhere else with sunshine particularly in western areas. Mr Miles said it would be "a bit cooler Sunday, Monday, and then high pressure gets back in charge and things settle down again from Tuesday". "It's safe to say that high pressure will continue to dominate for certainly the first half of next week," he said, indicating more clear skies and sunshine are on the way.