Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel praised his side after their superb 4-0 win over Burnley on Saturday afternoon - and has issued a warning to title favourites Manchester City and Liverpool by claiming his side are getting 'better and better' as they look to rival the pair in cup competitions. The Blues went into the break level after Burnley edged proceedings in the first half at Turf Moor. But goals from Reece James, Christian Pulisic and Kai Havertz - who netted a double - set Tuchel's men on their way to an impressive victory. But while Tuchel may concede that a top-flight title is highly unlikely, he believes his team are showing what they can do. And that could prove beneficial in the hunt for Champions League and FA Cup success, with Liverpool and City among their biggest rivals in both competitions. "The first goal helped us. In these matches that are so tight, that obviously gives you a lot of confidence," Tuchel said post-match. "It’s a good performance overall because it’s not easy to come to Turf Moor. It was a good team performance, very focused. "It improves my impression that we’re constantly getting better and better. We deserved to win and it was a very good second half. "The pitch was incredibly dry so it was not easy to play fast. The ball was constantly stuck between our legs. When you don’t win the second balls you can be in trouble. "We never lost the positivity and trust in ourselves. In the second half we found the spaces better and that was the key." Chelsea fans were roundly criticised earlier in the day for their support of Roman Abramovich at Turf Moor amid Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Fans chanted the name of their owner Abramovich, with the Russian confirming his intentions to sell the club earlier this week after a 19-year stint. And Tuchel hit out at their actions, claiming it 'was not the time' to do so. "If we show solidarity we should do it together," Tuchel said about the club's fans. "We take the knee together, if someone from our club or another club dies we show respect for a minute. As a club we show respect and we need our fans to commit to this minute of applause. "At that minute we do it for Ukraine. They have our thoughts and support. "It's not the moment for other messages."