F1 will race on the iconic Las Vegas strip from 2023 with cars sweeping past the city’s famous hotels and casinos. It will be the third time F1 has raced in the iconic city but the first since 1982. However, F1 has confirmed it will be the first time drivers will race on the strip in what will be a headline event for the sport. The race will take place in November next year on one of the final weekends of the season. The track will consist of 14 turns and have top speeds of up to 212mph. Las Vegas’ new race was announced at a glittering event in the city on Wednesday night. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton snubbed as ex-Renault boss Briatore names dream team Greg Maffei, Liberty Media president and CEO explained the race would be a "marquee event” in the calendar. He said: “Iconic Las Vegas and Formula 1, the pinnacle of motorsport, is the perfect marriage of speed and glamour. Our confidence in this unique opportunity is evident in our decision to assume the promoter role for the Las Vegas Grand Prix in partnership with Live Nation. “We could not be more excited to work with our local partners to create a marquee event. The potential of Formula 1 has been well demonstrated over the last several seasons and the Las Vegas GP will only take it to the next level.” DON'T MISSToto Wolff to grab Mercedes team 'by scruff of neck' after poor start [INSIGHT]Red Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GP [ANALYSIS]Mercedes simulator driver had 'alarm bells ringing' before F1 race [COMMENT] F1 boss Stefano Domenicali recently said there was demand from new partners to host F1 races. He has been keen to expand the sport to new regions since he took over as F1 boss and the race at Las Vegas will be seen as a crowning achievement. He said: “This is an incredible moment for Formula 1 that demonstrates the huge appeal and growth of our sport with a third race in the US. Las Vegas is a destination known around the world for its excitement, hospitality, thrills, and of course, the famous Strip. There is no better place for Formula 1 to race than in the global entertainment capital of the world and we cannot wait to be here next year. “I want to thank everyone who helped deliver this event, especially Governor Sisolak, the Clark County Commission, Steve Hill at the LVCVA, and our local partners.” Demand for a third United States race has been clear since Miami’s April race sold out in just minutes.  The breakout success of F1 in the US has been partly credited to Netflix's Drive to Survive which has introduced a new audience to the sport. 