Martin Brundle has said words "cannot change" what happened in Abu Dhabi as he attacked the FIA's handling of the season finale. His comments come after the FIA published its report into the last lap of the race which blamed "human error" for the controversy. However, Brundle took aim at the process, claiming the report on the final lap between Hamilton and Verstappen should have been “put to bed” months ago. He also warned there was “no remedy” to the situation and blasted it as “a mess” for Formula 1.  Speaking to Sky Sports F1, Brundle said: “It feels like something which should have been put to bed in January doesn't it. “There is nothing new in there that we didn't already know, for those of us that were there, through the season, through the last few minutes of that race, I think what happened was almost inevitable in the end when you analyse [it].” He added: “Under pressure mistakes were made, it was a mess. There’s no remedy, we said this minutes after the race, there’s no remedy to unravel that race. READ MORE: FIA release report into Hamilton and Verstappen controversy “Nothing’s changed since then except some processes will be put in place so it doesn't happen again.” Brundle concluded: “It’s seven pages. Any amount of words cannot change what happened that night unfortunately.” The FIA report said Michael Masi was “acting in good faith” over his decisions in “difficult circumstances”. But, they claimed the results of the final trace were “final” and “cannot now be changed”. The report also highlighted a range of recommendations which have been acted u[on for the new season. This included the introduction of a Virtual Race Control room to act as a VAR style system to check decisions. DON'T MISSLando Norris weighs in on F1 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix controversy [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen claims Lewis Hamilton should get over 2021 title loss [ANALYSIS]'Fear in paddock' Max Verstappen title win may be tainted [COMMENT] The role of Race Director has also been split between two new people with Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich taking over from Masi. Damon Hill added: “This is outgoing to console or in any way comfort people who believe Lewis Hamilton was robbed of an eighth world title. “They’re sort of admitting that it was a wrong decision. But they’re not admitting that affected the outcome of the World Championship.”