Liverpool's scintillating attack could become a lot better next season with the signing of Rennes prodigy Jeremy Doku, who according to reports, is a target for the Reds. Doku has been linked with an £83million move to Anfield following a string of impressive performances. The winger, 19, shot to international prominence in the summer with an incredible performance for Belgium against Italy at Euro 2020. Although he was unable to save his country from bowing out against the eventual champions, the Antwerp-born star marked his name on the international stage by running the Italian defence ragged in Munich. It saw clubs across the world aiming to secure his signature, although Rennes - who had signed him just a year earlier for £22million - were not willing to entertain a permanent move. But a switch away from the Brittany-based side is likely in the future with the former Anderlecht wonderkid on the right trajectory to play for one of Europe's giants. And with Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah both out of contract in 2023, Jurgen Klopp could look to the future in the transfer market this summer by sanctioning a move for Doku, according to Calciomercato. Liverpool are thought to have made a move for Doku - who has been dubbed the 'next Mane' - when he was just 15, although a deal never came to fruition. The player and his family paid a visit to Anfield and Melwood amidst interest from the rest of Europe's top sides. But despite talking with Klopp, Mane and club legend Steven Gerrard about a move, it didn't materialise. “I was able to discuss with Jurgen, Mane, Wijnaldum and Gerrard too. I talked a lot with Mane but we didn’t really talk about football," Doku said. “We talked about everything. He told me that I was young, that I still had time, he wasn’t trying to convince me or to say to me ‘come here, you will succeed’.” Doku would likely cost in the region of £83m after Rennes president Nicolas Holbeck set his price high last summer. He said: “If there’s an offer of €100million (around £83million), we’ll consider it.” But whether that fee will be paid is another question, given the Reds spent £45m on Luis Diaz just two months ago. Belgium manager Roberto Martinez recently praised Doku's development. "It seems Jeremy Doku had exactly the same impact he had in March," Martinez said. "He's looking always to be getting stronger and better. Not only when he has the ball but in general in many actions of the game he's involved in. He worked well tonight." And Manchester City star Kevin De Bruyne also backed Doku's credentials by calling him a 'diamond in the rough'. "He is nimble, fast and he can dribble. Of course, he sometimes makes a mistake, but who doesn't? He is a diamond in the rough," the midfielder said.