The Duchess of Cambridge was praised by a group of students for her stunning looks during a trip to Poland with Prince William in 2017. But down-to-earth Kate had a very humble response to the compliment. During a walkabout, the group of students had the chance to chat to the Duchess. Speaking afterwards, one of the students, Magda Mordaka, said: "We are fans of the British monarchy. "We have a Facebook group. "We love her style and her contact with people. "We were waiting for this visit from the very beginning. "What would she wear? "Would she bring the children?" The students told Kate that she was "beautiful and perfect" prompting a very modest response. READ MORE: Royals feeling ‘repercussions’ from explosive Oprah interview  Magda added: "She said ‘it's not true - it's just the make-up.’” The Duchess is known for her stunning looks and her elegant outfits, as well as her royal work. Kate's most recent overseas trip was to Denmark where she stepped out solo without the Duke. DON'T MISSCharles will be ‘more fulfilled King’ with future Queen Camilla [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan 'unlikely' to head back to UK to attend Jubilee [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton’s slow progress in Royal Family: ‘Took her a while’ [VIDEO] The Duchess spent two days in Copenhagen on a working visit with her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. Kate headed to Denmark on a whistle-stop tour to find out more about the country's world-leading approach to early childhood development - a key focus of her royal work. Royal expert Robert Jobson said the Duchess "really came out of herself" on the trip, as he highlighted a hilarious moment when Kate went down a slide at the Lego Foundation PlayLab at University College Copenhagen. Mr Jobson told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat: “Kate seemed more relaxed without William, who can be a bit fussy when he’s on royal jobs. "The fact that she went down that slide, I’m not sure she necessarily would have done that if he was there. "She was on good form, all smiles, very confident. "Probably more confident than when she’s alongside William. "She spoke very well. I thought she really came out of herself when she was there. "She didn’t have to refer to William." 