With the Eurozone heavily dependent on Russian energy supplies the euro has unsurprisingly been one of the biggest fallers with the single currency now trading just below $1.09. It had previously stood just over $1.16 when the Russia invasion of Ukraine began on 24th February. The pound meanwhile has also suffered, falling to its lowest levels since 2020. Sterling is now trading at $1.31, down from just over $1.35 when the conflict began.  Traders will be looking with interest to next week's meeting of the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee for any new rise in interest rates which could provide a much needed boost to the pound. The Bank has so far carried out two consecutive rate hikes in its most recent meetings with expectation next Thursday will see a further 0.25 percentage point rise. US central bank The Federal Reserve is also expected to make a similar move in March, potentially further strengthening the dollar. Last week its chair Jerome Powell said he was "inclined to propose and support a 25 basis-point rate hike", adding that the Fed would be prepared to "move more aggressively" if faced with higher or more persistent inflation.  In a briefing note analysts at ING Think described foreign exchange trading as "mostly a dollar story". The dollar, traditionally seen as a safer haven in turbulent times, has also benefited from the US's much lower dependence on Russia for energy supplies. The Swiss Franc, another safe haven currency, recently reached parity with the euro after steadily climbing since early February. ING Think noted: "As the Ukraine conflict shows no sign of imminent de-escalation (more Russia-Ukraine talks yesterday yielded no tangible result) markets remain firmly focused on the implications for the energy market.  "The US is reportedly looking for consensus among allies to stop or curb the import of Russian oil, and might move autonomously should European countries continue to resist such a fully-fledged ban. "Meanwhile, Russia has threatened to cut gas supply to Europe. "This is an environment where markets are quite freely speculating on the magnitude of the supply shock to the commodity market, which is translating into big intra-day fluctuations in many commodity prices – even outside of the energy spectrum." Commodities have also seen prices soar with a general movement away from many currencies and stocks towards physical assets.   DON'T MISS: Octopus Energy announce £50 saving for customers [SPOTLIGHT] Ruble in freefall as Russian currency 'finds another cliff to fall off [LATEST] Energy price hike warning: £3000 cap and more frequent hikes possible [ANALYSIS] Gold has now broken past the $2,000 mark with other precious metals such as palladium and silver seeing gains in recent weeks. Russia is the world's biggest producer of palladium and also one of the top producers of gold and platinum meaning supply constraints are helping maintain price growth. Oil meanwhile has, unsurprisingly, soared in price peaking over $130 (£99.19) a barrel on Monday following news of the potential embargo and settling around $126 (96.13) on Tuesday. The US could reportedly vote as soon as Tuesday on proposals to block Russian oil exports with some analysts warning a global embargo on Russian oil could push prices beyond $300 (£228.78) a barrel. 