The Earl of Sussex celebrated his 58th birthday last week. Her Majesty had been monarch for 12 years by the time Edward was born and as an experienced Queen, she had more time to devote to her children. The Queen integrated Edward into her role rather than leaving him with nannies. She doted on her youngest son and her direct involvement in Edward’s childhood has made for a close bond. A rare letter from the Queen to her midwife highlights the monarch’s soft spot for the Earl. The letter, which dates back to 1964, the year of Edward’s birth, is written on Buckingham Palace stationary and signed “Elizabeth R”. The monarch gushes over her newborn, who is “good as gold” and “makes everyone happy”. JUST IN: 'I just can’t bear it' Charles breaks down in tears after heartbreaking refugee meeting Written from Eastbourne, Sussex, the letter to “Rowie,” her midwife Helen Rowe, reads: “I am terribly sorry we never got in touch with you before you left London. “Mabel was ill in bed when you wrote, and I confess I misread your letter in a great hurry and remembered the wrong day you put down, and when I was away at Arundel last week, I suddenly was reminded of your letter and of course it was too late by then! “The baby is wonderful — good as gold, trying to sit up and weighing 15 lbs.12! “He smiles and giggles at everyone, and makes everyone happy! Charles, I’m thankful to say, is better but very frail as yet. “I hope we see you when we return in October.” At the time of Edward’s birth, Prince Charles was suffering from a bout of pneumonia, having fallen ill during a camping trip. Sister Rowe was present for the births of multiple royal children, the first was that of the Queen’s cousin, Prince Michael of Kent who was born in 1942. Rowe, who has been dubbed “Britain’s most famous midwife”, was also present for the births of all four of the Queen’s children. The Queen’s recent move from Buckingham Palace to Windsor Castle puts her closer to two of her children — Prince Andrew, who lives in the Royal Lodge, Windsor Great Park and Prince Edward, who lives just 10 miles away in Bagshot Park. Edward, his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex and their two children — Lady Louise Windsor, 18, and James, Viscount Severn, 14 — are said to be particularly close with the monarch, having spent a lot of time with her over the past couple of years. DON’T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Furious Meghan Markle fans slam William after 'ignorant remark' [LATEST]Prince Harry warned over Platinum Jubilee celebration decision with Queen: ‘May regret it’ [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] Windsor has been the primary backdrop of the Queen’s life since the death of Prince Philip in April 2021. The couple also spent a large portion of the coronavirus pandemic in Windsor. There, the Duke and the Queen were thought to have lived a simpler life, without the constrictions of royal protocol in other royal residences. Now, the Queen has returned as she takes a step back from in-person royal engagements. Her Majesty is expected to attend Philip’s thanksgiving service at the end of this month, where she’ll be joined by other members of the Royal Family. Given that Philip’s funeral was greatly simplified last year, due to Covid restrictions, the memorial service gives more people a chance to commemorate the life of the Duke of Edinburgh. This year also marks the Queen's 70th year on the throne — her Platinum Jubilee will be celebrated throughout the year, with the main celebrations taking place during a four day bank holiday in June. Her Majesty marked her son’s birthday, with a tribute on the Royal Family’s Twitter. It read: "Wishing The Earl of Wessex a very Happy Birthday!"