Mandatory speed limiting technology will be launched in the UK later this year, with new cars being fitted with Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) technology. The European Union directive will be introduced on July 6, 2022, with hopes that it will reduce collisions by 30 percent and save tens of thousands of lives a year. Despite this, experts from Start Rescue have warned that the system could pose its own dangers, particularly in situations where rapid acceleration is needed to avoid an accident. The ISA technology works by limiting engine power, preventing the vehicle from accelerating past the current speed limit unless it is overridden. They have called on carmakers and the Department for Transport (DfT) to do more to publicise the introduction of the technology. Lee Puffett, Managing Director of Start Rescue, said: “Broadly speaking, we welcome anything that can help save lives on the roads, but the introduction of this new technology does not come without its own risks. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers “With proper instruction and education, we believe it could be a real game changer in terms of road safety, preventing thousands of lives being lost every year. “But the way a car responds to the driver applying acceleration will be altered and in some cars drivers will feel push-back or vibration through the accelerator pedal. “This could be unsettling or confusing for the driver and divert their attention from the road ahead. “That’s why we need more public education, to let drivers know what’s happening, what they’ll experience and how to respond.” DON'T MISSPrivacy fears as digital number plates set to launch in the UK [INSIGHT]Car tax 2022: Why you should pay your car tax TODAY to escape tax hike [URGENT]New number plate changes being introduced today as car prices may fall [IMPORTANT] While this is an EU law, it is expected that the UK will obey the new road safety regulations despite Brexit. The UK has retained most EU laws for new cars for the sake of ease with car manufacturing. The European Commission has reached a provisional agreement that all new vehicles sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a legal requirement from July 6 2022. The 2019/2044 regulation also mandates all new cars that have already launched be fitted with an ISA by July 7 2024. Initially, drivers will be able to switch the system off, even though it will reactivate every time the vehicle restarts. Mr Puffet continued saying: “This same situation applies to lane change technology, where a driver quickly reacts to avoid a car door opening for example. “But the technology will guide the vehicle back into the lane and towards the open door, unless the driver has adjusted the vehicle to their preferred settings. “At the very least, it’s critical that drivers be advised to consult their vehicle’s handbook to understand how their car will behave when the speed-limiting technology is activated. “With the proper education and training, this speed-limiting technology is going to prevent thousands of unnecessary deaths every year and we’d call for any driver education to highlight that as well. “It’s incredibly important that drivers understand the potential benefits as well as the potential dangers so they embrace the technology and don’t simply switch it off.” It hasn’t yet been decided how the ISA technology will take form, with expert opinions varying on which alert would be most suitable. Most carmakers will use visual and audio alerts on infotainment screens to alert the driver when they exceed the speed limit. Manufacturers may also make it harder to push the accelerator pedal when at the speed limit. They might also use physical feedback, such as making the steering wheel vibrate to warn drivers of their velocity.