Manchester United crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday night after failing to beat Atletico Madrid to a place in the quarter-finals of this season's tournament. Renan Lodi's first-half strike from close range proved to be decisive for the visitors, who held firm after the interval to prevent the Red Devils from drawing level as the clock ticked down. Express Sport provides a full rundown of the United player ratings after a forgettable night under the lights at Old Trafford. David de Gea - 6 Made a strong save to deny Rodrigo De Paul during the early stages of the first half and did the basics well. Was let down by his defenders for Lodi's goal. Diogo Dalot - 5 Struggled defensively on a number of occasions and should have done more to prevent Atletico's first-half strike, although he was forced to try and mark three players due to Harry Maguire's error. Harry Maguire - 4 Gave his United team-mates plenty of work to do when he stepped up to give Atletico space behind the defensive line moments before Lodi's goal. Failed to inspire on the ball and did little to ease the recent criticism around his sub-par showings. Raphael Varane - 6 Looked good on the ball and started the first-half attack that led to Anthony Elanga's missed chance. Did not enjoy the best game of his career but was put in a difficult place by Maguire for the goal. Forced Jan Oblak into a flying save with a powerful header late on. Alex Telles - 5 Won more first-half duels than any other player on the pitch but did little to set the world alight. Could have worked harder to prevent the cross that set up Lodi's first-half strike for the visitors. Fred - 7 Was arguably United's best player during the first half. Impressed with the ball at feet and managed to keep things ticking in the engine room for the most part. JUST IN: Mohamed Salah's stance on joining Real Madrid or Barcelona Scott McTominay - 6 Did okay but could have been quicker on the ball to maintain United's tempo in the middle third. Sprayed a couple of lazy passes and should arguably have taken up a deeper position during the build-up to Atletico's first-half goal. Bruno Fernandes - 6 Tried his best to make things happen for United but, apart from testing Jan Oblak on a couple of occasions, was unable to leave his mark on proceedings over the course of the match. Jadon Sancho - 6 Got into some decent areas and had no shortage of touches in the final third but struggled to carve out many clear-cut chances. Came agonisingly close to scoring with a fiercely-struck volley but narrowly missed the target with his effort. Anthony Elanga - 6 Offered plenty of energy down the right flank for United but wasted a couple of important opportunities to find the back of the net. Should have tracked back to help Dalot in his bid to prevent Lodi's goal for Atletico. Cristiano Ronaldo - 5 Was visibly frustrated for large parts of the match and struggled to stamp his authority on the contest. Only needed a single moment to change the game but no such opportunity fell his way. Marcus Rashford - 6 Paul Pogba - 6 Nemanja Matic - 6 Edinson Cavani - 6 Juan Mata - n/a