Boots has contacted its Advantage Card customers with an update to the terms and conditions. From summer, those who haven’t used their card in a year when making a transaction will lose their points. Previously, customers had two years before their points were removed. In an email to customers, Boots said: "Thank you for being one of our valued Boots Advantage Card members. "Whilst it won’t impact you as a regular Boots shopper, we need to let you know that we’re updating our Boots Advantage Card terms and conditions. "From 20th June 2022, we will remove Boots Advantage Card points from accounts that haven’t been used* for one year, instead of the current two-year period. "As long as you shop with your Boots Advantage Card at least once a year, your points will always be there ready for you to use them." READ MORE: Aldi Specialbuys: The ‘secret sale’ for sold out items “You can check your balance online. We’re looking forward to seeing you again soon." The company then clarified the new changes at the bottom of the email. They said that "usage requires your Advantage Card to be used in a transaction, in-store or on boots.com, when either collecting or redeeming points". For those with a dormant card, in a bid to keep points, simply use your Advantage Card in the next couple of months when making a transaction. DON'T MISS...‘Outgoing’ Princess Charlotte compared to Diana - ‘Initially shy’ [BODY LANGUAGE]April 2022 horoscopes: What’s in store for each star sign this month [INSIGHT]Michael Mosley: 'Time restricted eating can make weight loss easier' [EXPERT] Boots Advantage Card is a loyalty scheme that allows cardholders to earn points in-store which can, in turn, be used to purchase items when shopping in one of their stores. It is one of the most popular loyalty card schemes in the UK with 14.7 million active members. Earlier this year we relaunched our Boots Price Advantage offers to Advantage Card members to help shoppers get more out of life for less. This programme gives all Advantage Card members even bigger savings by being members of the loyalty scheme, offering exclusive offers on hundreds of products each month. Currently, for every £1 spent in store, four Advantage points can be collected with the card. These points then turn into money which can be used in store - each point is worth 1p in return. This means if you collect 100 points, you’d have £1 to spend, while 1,000 points are worth £10. Boots previously announced a Price Advantage initiative. This sees anyone with an Advantage Card get exclusive discounts on around 150 products each month. All shoppers have to do is hand over their Advantage Card and if their product qualifies, they pay a lower price. In order to identify which products are in the Price Advantage each month, a pink sticker will be featured. The deals are the same across all Boots stores and online, while stocks last.