Andriy Shevchenko has emotionally spoken out on how he feels about the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict after he revealed his mother and sister were stranded in the Ukrainian capital city of Kyiv. Shevchenko, who is currently unemployed after being sacked by Italian side Genoa last month, has been a prominent figure in the ongoing conflict in eastern Europe. The former Chelsea striker, 45, came second in the Ukrainian parliamentary election in 2012 after joining the 'Ukraine - Forward!' party following his retirement from football the same year. Many Ukrainian sports stars have spoken out about the ongoing war that threatens to boil on across Europe, with Manchester City and Everton stars Oleksandr Zinchenko and Vitaliy Mykolenko calling out Russian president and national team captain Artem Dzyuba respectively over their stances on the ongoing issues. And Shevchenko is the latest, who opened his heart up on Sky Sports News on Wednesday and told of how his mother and sister are stranded in Kyiv whilst war rages on. "First of all, I wanted to [say] thank you to my nation," Shevchenko told Sky Sports News. "[Our] Army, president Volodymyr Zelensky, to do everything possible to protect my country from Russian aggression. "I'm so proud to be Ukrainian. It is a very difficult moment for my country, my people, my family. "My mum and my sister is in Kyiv in this moment, there are terrible things happening there. People dying, children dying, missiles pointing in our houses. "We need to stop this war, we need to find a war to stop this war." Shevchenko joined Chelsea for £30.8million in 2006, breaking the English record transfer fee at the time after a superb seven-year stint at AC Milan. Having scored 173 goals in 296 games for the Rossoneri, big things were expected of the pacy striker in west London. But just nine goals in 48 league games for the Blues led to him being loaned back to Milan in 2009 before a sale to Dynamo Kyiv a year later, where he spent the rest of his playing days. Shevchenko became notorious in England after he missed the deciding penalty in the 2005 Champions League final against Liverpool for AC Milan in Istanbul. The Italian outfit raced into a 3-0 lead at half-time before the Reds staged arguably the best comeback in European Cup history to take home the trophy for the fifth time. Shevchenko is his country's top scorer with 48 goals in 111 caps.