Forecasts say that while spring weather is on the way, and the worst of the stormy weather remains in the rearview, “high pressure” will try to exert control over the next few days. Maps and charts echo this, and show temperatures below -2C in some parts of the UK, along with snow in England and Northern Ireland. According to WXCharts, a band of rain lingers over Britain throughout Thursday evening, striking much of Wales, the north west and the east of Scotland. However, as we move into midnight on Friday, conditions begin to form for snow to fall over the north east of England and Scotland, with Aberdeen seeing 2cm an hour at this time. Pressure maps from WXCharts show at this time a cold front pushing from the Atlantic collides with warmer pressure over the east of England, bringing a drop in temperature and leading to the rain band lingering. By 6am, temperatures will be split in the UK, with the southeast of England seeing 8C while areas behind the cold front suffer a drop to between -1C and 1C. Snow is expected to fall overnight from Newcastle to just north of Leeds, with 2cm falling an hour at 6am, before inching into Manchester by 9am with a lighter 1cm. Aberdeen will also see snow on Friday morning, but it is expected to push away by midday with less than 1cm an hour by 6am. Despite the snowfall however, none is expected to settle on the ground in Newcastle, while some 5cm is expected near Aberdeen and over the Yorkshire Dales. Due to the continuing collision of pressure systems, the band of rain will slowly continue its way eastwards across Britain overnight, with London wetted by 3pm in 2mm an hour showers. The rain is not expected to clear over Britain until 6am on Saturday, where some continues to linger in the South East. READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin begins underwater assault on Odessa Terry Scholey, Netweather.tv forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website “high pressure tries to exert control” over the weekend. He said from Thursday evening: “Much of Scotland, Northern Ireland and the far West of England and Wales see clearer skies moving in after dark. “Light winds allow a few mist and fog patches to form by morning when it'll be cold enough for a touch of frost, as temperatures fall mostly to between -1 and +2C. “The far East of East Anglia and places to the East of London may also see skies breaking, but elsewhere it remains misty, with further rain at times and some mostly hill fog, but here temperatures shouldn't fall below 5 to 7C. “Friday continues to see that same front bringing mist, mostly light rain, drizzle and some hill fog to much of central and eastern England, although Essex, Suffolk and Kent may stay brighter with a few sunny intervals. “Further West, after a chilly start, there'll be some sunshine, and it'll be mainly dry, apart from a few showers mainly over Northern Ireland. Winds remain light, with top temperatures mostly between 8 and 11C. “Much of any light rain or drizzle should die back after dark, but with the front now almost stationary, many central parts remain cloudy and misty, with patches of hill fog. “Towards East Anglia and the South East skies should be more broken, but with a chilly North East breeze developing.“ The Met Office said in their Thursday night forecast: “Rain continuing to slowly move east, clearer skies following with a few showers for western coasts. “Light winds, frosty under clearing skies with chance of patchy freezing fog by dawn.” For Friday to Monday, they wrote: “Cloudy with further rain for many eastern areas, sunny spells and isolated showers in the west. Showers possibly heavy for a time in the southwest. light and variable winds.  “Further rain across central and eastern areas. Dry, elsewhere with some sunshine. Drier conditions developing more widely on Sunday and Monday. “Colder than recently, with patchy overnight frost.”