Haas look set to confirm Nikita Mazepin's replacement early next week according to reports, after the Russian driver was sacked as a result of his nation's invasion of Ukraine. Mazepin, 23, joined Haas at the start of last season's Formula One campaign. The Moscow-born talent failed to record a top 10 finish throughout his maiden season with his best weekend seeing him end 14th at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Mazepin had signed a multi-year deal with the team however and was set to enter his second campaign this year. Yet due to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, Haas have taken the decision to terminate his deal. And the Russian's replacement is reportedly set to be decided next week, according to the BBC. The report states that the drivers said to be under consideration include the team's reserve Pietro Fittipaldi. The Brazilian-American replaced Romain Grosjean for two races in 2020 after the Frenchman was involved in a fiery incident in Bahrain. Meanwhile, Indian Formula 2 driver Jehan Daruvala and Alpine reserve driver Oscar Piastri, the reigning F2 champion, are also said to be in contention. Mazepin sent out a statement to followers after he was released by Haas. "Dear fans and followers, I am very disappointed to hear that my F1 contract has been terminated," Mazepin told fans. "While I understand the difficulties, the ruling from FIA plus my ongoing willingness to accept the conditions proposed in order to continue were completely ignored and no process was followed in this unilateral step. "To those who have tried to understand, key eternal thanks. "I have treasured my time in F1 and genuinely hope we can all be together again in better times. I will have more to say in the coming days." Haas' statement read: "Haas F1 Team has elected to terminate, with immediate effect, the title partnership of Uralkali, and the driver contract of Nikita Mazepin. "As with the rest of the Formula One community, the team is shocked and saddened by the invasion of Ukraine and wishes for a swift and peaceful end to the conflict." The new F1 season starts on March 18-20 in Bahrain.