Diego Simeone has taunted Manchester United with a subtle dig after his Atletico Madrid side advanced past them 2-1 on aggregate on Wednesday evening.  A stooping header from left-back Renan Lodi gave the side from Spain the lead just before half-time, silencing the Old Trafford crowd and giving the Red Devils a mountain to climb. Ralf Rangnick's men did not muster many chances in the second half, with the best falling to in-form starlet Jadon Sancho. However, his wicked strike only breezed the bar and ended up in the Stretford End, leaving United goalless. After their 1-0 loss on the night, it signals yet another trophyless season for the 20-time top-flight champions. Bitter rivals Manchester City have to claim just eight points from a possible 27 to make it mathematically impossible for United to win the league, which is astonishing considering the talent that graces the Old Trafford pitch. And Simeone has thrown a dig at the club on the matter, calling them a team of 'great individuals', as opposed to a 'great side'. TOP STORY: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected  “A lot of people working to ensure things went well," Simeone told Marca when asked about his side's win. "[There were] a lot of people involved to get us out of that irregular moment that we had a month-and-a-half ago that we changed after Osasuna. Above all, to see the value of the team when this team works as a team excites me. “We’ve been competitive, not ashamed to play on the back foot and knowing what to do when coming out because we were facing a team with great individuals. The goal that was offside proved to us that we could hurt our rival. The goal that came gave us the advantage and the second half saw brilliant collective work, one of the best this season, which leaves me happy.” United have not won a trophy since 2017, signalling five years without success at any level. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  Next season will see a new manager come in given that Rangnick's contract is up in the summer, before he moves into a technical role in the boardroom. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are the two frontrunners for the role. However, it is yet to be seen if they will be allowed to leave their roles at Paris Saint-Germain and Ajax respectively, with the latter also crashing out of the Champions League on Tuesday to Benfica. United next face Leicester in April, following on from the international break. 