The Chernobyl nuclear plant was the location of a major accident back in April 1986, that led to the substantial release of radioactive material into the atmosphere. Although it is no longer operational, the plant still requires constant management. It was seized by Russian forces on the first day of the war after a fierce battle and has been under Moscow's control ever since. However, Ukraine's Chief Directorate of Intelligence claims that the Russian President is ready to use "nuclear blackmail" to ring concessions from the West over its support for Ukraine. The Ministry of Defence said in a statement: "According to information available, Vladimir Putin has ordered the preparation of a terrorist attack on the Chornobyl nuclear power plant. "The Russian-controlled Chornobyl nuclear power plant plans to create a man-made catastrophe, for which the occupiers will try to shift responsibility on Ukraine. "That is, as he is not getting the desired result from the military ground operation or direct negotiations, Putin is ready to resort to nuclear blackmail against the world community for the sake of concessions in support of Ukraine. "Now, Ukraine, the world, and Russia itself understand that the statements about Ukraine's involvement in the creation of a nuclear threat are just a staging of a mediocre scenario. " The Kremlin has made unfounded claims that Kyiv is trying to build a nuclear "dirty-bomb." Last Sunday, Russian media cited an unnamed official, who alleged that Ukraine was close to developing a plutonium-based bomb. The official claimed that the Ukrainian government had been constructing nuclear weapons at the Chernobyl plant. Mr Putin also accused Ukraine of using Soviet know-how to create nuclear weapons prior to his invasion of the country. Ukraine gave up its inherited Soviet atomic arsenal in 1994 and has repeatedly since said it has no intention of rejoining the nuclear club. Ukraine's intelligence services said Russian saboteurs had been smuggled into the nuclear plant under the guise of being "nuclear energy specialists" from Belarus. READ MORE: Ukraine: City of Volnovakha ‘no longer exists’ They claimed: "The Russian aggressors do not allow the Ukrainian repair crew (to work). "Instead, so-called "nuclear energy specialists" from Belarus came in, but under their guise, groups of Russian saboteurs came in to organize a terrorist attack. "For the sake of propaganda, the Russian invaders are preparing fake "evidence" of the involvement of Ukrainian defenders in the terrorist attack." They added that the Russian were collecting the bodies of fallen Ukrainian soldiers and were planning to transfer them to the Chernobyl nuclear plant. The intention was to prepare "fake 'evidence' of the involvement of Ukrainian defenders in the terrorist attack. DON'T MISSPutin will invade EU cities if the West fails to intervene [REVEAL]Kyiv will only fall if it is ‘razed to the ground’, warns Zelensky  [SPOTLIGHT]Captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war' [INSIGHT] Ukraine's state energy company warned last week that power to the Chernobyl plant had been cut off. They said the loss of power supply could lead to the release of radioactive substances into the atmosphere. The plant has backup generators that can provide power for 48 hours. The power is required to keep 20,000 fuel rods cool by circulating water through tanks in the nuclear fuel storage facility. Rafael Grossi, director-general of the UN watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), said that even without an electrical supply, the spent nuclear fuel would not heat up sufficiently to cause an accident.