Regulated train fares will now be growing by 3.8 percent, with unions warning that commuters are being priced out of their journeys, and that city centres will struggle to “bounce back” from the Covid pandemic. The rise in fares comes at a time where record inflation in the UK is driving the cost of living to levels that have not been witnessed for several decades. The increase in rail fares has sparked "fury" among commuters at a time when the cost of living is soaring. The new fare prices cover around half of tickets and include season passes on most commuter routes. Despite the growth, the Government has said the increase was below the rate of inflation. The current retail prices index (RPI) measure of inflation stands at 7.8 percent. Instead, the rail fare increase is based on last July's RPI inflation rate.  READ MORE: Britons can get £150 council tax quicker by changing payment method In fact, the increase in train fares would have been higher than up to 3.8 percent if the Government used its normal formula of RPI plus one percent. According to figures from industry body the Rail Delivery Group, it represents the steepest increase since January 2013. For instance, an annual season ticket between Brighton and London will go up by £194 to £5,302. Meanwhile, a year-round ticket between Liverpool and Manchester will increase by £105 to £2,865.  Rail fares in Great Britain grew on average by 1.2 percent in March 2021, compared with a 1.5 percent increase in the RPI between March 2020 and March 2021. Train services still remain under pressure from cuts in December, when there were huge staff shortages due to the Covid variant Omicron. Currently, demand for rail travel sits around a third below pre-Covid levels. Since 2020, rail fare increases have been delayed until March from their usual introductory period at the start of the year, owing to the pandemic.  DON'T MISS: TV licence: Households could be eligible for refund of £159 [EXPLAINED]New car tax changes will hit petrol and diesel owners with daily fee [NEWS]Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [ANALYSIS] The Department for Transport said the fare increases were necessary so that it could “recoup some of the £14bn which was spent to keep vital services running throughout the pandemic in a way that is fair for all taxpayers”. A spokesman said: "We have protected passengers by delaying these fare rises by two months and, even then, opting for a figure well below current inflation rates. "By striking this balance, we will be able to encourage people back on to trains whilst funding the necessary improvements and unprecedented investment that will benefit all those who use our railways."  Labour have criticised the increase, warning the new fares will leave the average commuter paying £3,263 for their season ticket, 49 percent more than in 2010. The party’s shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh said: "This brutal Tory fare hike will be a nightmare for millions of passengers, when families are already facing tax rises." In Scotland, a similar increase of 3.8 percent was implemented on January 24, while train fares in Northern Ireland are set by state-owned operator Translink, which does not use RPI. 