Our Farm in the Dales star Matt Baker has spoken about plans for his family's farm for when he and his wife Nicola "aren't there" anymore. Speaking last year ahead of the release of the second series of the Channel 4 hit, the former One Show host, 44, spoke candidly about the future of the family farm when he and his wife of 18 years are no longer in the picture. Ahead of the release of the second series of Our Farm in the Dales last year, Matt revealed what viewers could expect to see from the popular programme. He said: "This time around, we’re continuing what we started and doing our very best to give mum and dad the opportunity to contemplate, look back and see where they’ve got to. "Again, we’ve got the three generations, we’re shoring up the farm to make sure all is going to be well in the future – and also for when me and Nicola aren’t there. "We’re just making sure it runs as smoothly, easily, and is as stress-free as possible," he added to Channel 4. READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson fumes at Gorka Marquez after being left 'on her own' Matt runs the farm with his wife Nicola, his parents Janice and Mike and his two children, Molly, 12 and Luke, 14. The hit Channel 4 series follows the family in their day to day running of the organic farm in the Durham Dales. Last year in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Matt spoke out about the running of the farm when he's away. Confirming that Nicola takes the helm in his absence, Matt gushed: "She is incredible, she's so organised, she is the most amazing person, there's no doubt about it. "I'm so fortunate, it was the best day of my life when I met Nicola, there's no doubt about that." However, the father-of-two added that his mum Janice takes control over the day to day running of the farm. He explained: "But as far as the farm is concerned, my mum is the driving force, she's always the shepherdess, she's an incredible shepherdess my mum. "It's great to have such a capable family, that's the world I've grown up in, it's kind of all I know really." DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE]Motsi Mabuse fears people are 'caring less' about Ukraine conflict [INSIGHT]Gary Lineker's ex-wife shares how star got her through family tragedy [ANALYSIS] Speaking about whether the kids get stuck in, Matt confirmed that the farm is very much a family affair. He added: "My children are always very helpful, they're always there to do what they can, it's how we roll as a family." Despite the whole family getting stuck into farm life and filming, Matt confessed that it hasn't always been easy. He told BBC Radio 2 presenter Zoe Ball last year about his brood: "It's like a lovely get together. "We've made 10 programmes now where we've been getting sheep for all over the UK from the higher grounds. "We just have a lovely time, the hardest thing is having to choose what we lose from these programmes." He added: "We film so much stuff." Our Farm in the Dales is available to watch on All4.