A black and white photograph of Princess Diana, taken in 1988 by David Bailey has emerged from the archives. The late Princess of Wales’ portrait has been released to announce its display at Kensington Palace from March 4 as part of an exhibition called ‘Life Through A Royal Lens’. In the photo, Diana is seen wearing a pair of earrings and Express.co.uk spoke to jewellery experts Steven Stone about their design, origin and their value on the current market. Photographer David Bailey was known for his bold and minimalistic style which is said to have resonated with Diana and the new photographic identity she wanted to create for herself. When Diana sat for David, she opted for a one-shoulder dress and the only jewellery she had chosen was a pair of diamond drop earrings. The earrings in question are in fact diamonds and emeralds and were a gift from Prince Charles for her 22nd birthday in 1983 alongside a matching bracelet to supposedly coordinate with Queen Mary’s art deco emerald choker. However, royal writer Suzy Menkes claimed the Princess didn’t like emeralds and said: “Like so much Prince Charles didn’t know about his young wife, he didn’t know she didn’t like emeralds.” READ MORE: Prince Harry's discomfort evident opposite 'in her element' Meghan Despite her supposed dislike for emeralds, Diana wore these earrings often. When Charles and Diana visited Australia as part of an official tour in 1985, they were pictured dancing with one another. Diana wore a one-shouldered turquoise satin organza dress which was designed by David and Elizabeth Emanuel - the same designers who created her wedding dress. Instead of wearing the emerald choker around her neck, she decided to place it across her forehead. The diamond and emerald drop earrings were also chosen for the occasion. DON'T MISS...Queen Letizia of Spain’s most expensive jewel [PICTURES]Pippa Middleton’s favourite exercises to ‘banish bingo-wings’ [GUIDE]Meghan and Harry’s ‘physical clues’ to show ‘marriage is strong’ [COMMENT] In 1986 Diana visited Vienna and wore the earrings with not just the choker but also with the Prince of Wales feathers pendant. The same year that she sat for David, Diana wore the earrings when she attended a banquet at Claridges Hotel in London. This time the emerald choker was around her neck as she had the Spencer tiara nestled amongst her hair instead. In 1993, Diana attended an evening function at the Dorchester Hotel and wore a bright green Catherine Walker dress. Again the emerald choker and earrings were worn to accessorise the look. Despite her divorce from Charles, Diana retained the emerald earrings. For her 36th birthday, however, Diana chose to pair the jewellery with a black dress - instead of the usual teal, turquoise or green dresses she had favoured in the past. Since Diana’s death, however, the earrings have not been seen, and it is unknown which of her sons inherited them; they are yet to make a reappearance on either Kate Middleton or Meghan Markle. Zack Stone, Managing Director, Steven Stone took a close look at the earrings and gave his appraisal. He said: “These diamond and emerald drop earrings are stunning, matching Diana's famous Delhi Durbar choker perfectly. “Just like the necklace, the emerald stones featured in these magnificent earrings are of the highest quality, making them very high value. "From the newly released images, the earrings look to feature a diamond stud, delicately linked to a larger pear-shaped emerald, surrounded by a halo of even more diamonds. “On today's market, they would likely be worth around £100,000."