  Ellie Warner’s boyfriend Nat Eddleston was rushed to hospital in the early hours of Saturday morning after being hit by a car. The police have now issued a statement following the tragic incident.       Police have shared an update on Gogglebox star Ellie’s boyfriend after the harrowing crash that left him fighting for his life. Nat was hit by a car in the early hours of Saturday morning, sustaining severe injuries. It has been reported that Nat has been placed on life support and that he is suffering from a collapsed lung and broken neck. West Yorkshire Police have since issued a statement following the incident and provided an update on Nat’s health.     A police representative said: “The pedestrian remains in a critical but stable condition in hospital and enquiries into the incident are ongoing.” Nat, who is understood to be in his late thirties, was struck by a white Seat Leon in Halton, Leeds, while he was on his way home from a night out drinking with pals at a local pub. According to reports, the car sustained a smashed windscreen and dented roof after the incident and continued for 100 yards before stopping. Nat is also suffering from suspected brain damage and requires the help of a life support machine.       Ellie has remained by her partner's side at the hospital since the accident happened. The hairdresser is known for her appearing on Channel 4 favourite Gogglebox alongside her sister Izzy. The pair are known for providing comedic commentary and have been on our screens since 2015. Nat and Ellie, who works as a hairdresser, have been dating for two years. READ MORE... ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [NEWS] Heidi Klum stuns as she poses in skimpy lace bra in front of a window [LATEST] Gordon Ramsay fires back at criticism over crying on Strictly [INSIGHT]      The couple recently moved into a 1930s semi-detached house in Leeds together. A source told The Sun: "Nat is Ellie's absolute world. She has been totally overwhelmed with messages of love and support. "She has barely left the hospital since this happened and Nat is getting brilliant care and treatment. "At the moment they are living hour by hour and just praying that things get better."       Another source said Nat is on a life support machine and the family are "obviously very worried for him". Fans sent in their support via social media, with many of Ellie’s Instagram followers commenting on a recent photo of Nat from Valentine’s Day. Leonardo Moretti wrote: “Praying for you both. Keep strong and keep faith.” Keith Kaczala commented: “Many prayers from the US for Nat, Ellie and your families. Stay strong!!” Emma Bromley penned: “Sending love at this awful time.” Express.co.uk have reached out to Ellie’s representatives for further comment.   