Arsenal may have missed out on their primary target as Dusan Vlahovic snubbed a move to the Emirates in favour of a move to Juventus, but they could be handed a further blow as Tottenham may benefit from the deal. Arsenal were handed a major blow in January as they failed in their pursuit of Dusan Vlahovic, who chose to move to Juventus instead of the Gunners. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang forced through a move to Barcelona, but it appears that both Arsenal and they player are better off, as Mikel Arteta's side are on course to finish in the top-four. However they are in a vulnerable position as both of their current strikers are out of contract in the summer, meaning they are in for another expensive transfer window. Arsenal have moved on from Vlahovic and will be eyeing up new options, but their earlier snub may come to haunt them. That's because Juventus' capture of the Serbian has forced another star out, and he could be heading to north London rivals Tottenham. JUST IN: Man Utd face more Mino Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern Munich 'bid' jeopardises plans Juventus already lost their star man last summer as Cristiano Ronaldo returned to Manchester United, and now it's been confirmed that Paulo Dybala will be leaving Turin this summer. In what is a major blow for the Old Lady, the 28-year-old will leave at the end of the season when his contract expires after talks over a new deal went quiet. Dybala's decision was confirmed by Juventus CEO Maurizio Arrivabene, who revealed that his departure was confirmed as Vlahovic arrived in Januart. Arrivabene told TuttoMercatoWeb: "The most important change is that Juventus have not renewed Paulo Dybala’s contract. "With the market I reiterated this, the approach was sincere. With the purchases made in January, with the arrival of Vlahovic, Paulo’s position was no longer at the centre of the project. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Arsenal boss Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing vs Aston Villa [COMMENT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES] "That’s why this kind of decision was preferred. The parameters were different, I had already spoken about it, no one has ever questioned Paulo’s ability. "There were considerations to be made about appearances, length and financial considerations. We made our choices in January, we got here. It would have been easy for Juventus to make a low bid, but it would have been disrespectful towards Paulo. The decision is made. Today’s meeting was friendly, clear and respectful." And Dybala could very much be on his way to Tottenham, after the Argentine almost made the move in 2019, meaning that Arsenal's failed bid for Vlahovic may have left them weak, but strengthened their rivals. Back in 2019, Spurs agreed a £64.4million fee with Juventus for Dybala, but a deal fell through. Antonio Conte left Juventus in 2014, one year before Dybala signed for the Old Lady, but he could get the chance to work with him after all. And Tottenham's sporting director Fabio Paratici was responsible for that transfer in 2015, and he could repeat that move ahead of next season. And it could be a welcome move for Dybala, as he would join former Juventus pairing Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski who made the move in January. After Ronaldo departed, Kulusevski and Dybala made up a major part of Juventus' fire power, and they could rekindle their partnership at Spurs. Dybala was also close with Bentancur too, as they shared the dressing room for five years in Italy. And the Argentine even admitted that he would 'miss' the midfielder in January as he made the move to Tottenham. Following Bentancur's move, Dybala posted on his Instagram story: "All the best brother! It was a huge pleasure to play with you, share so many trips and talks together... I'm going to miss you a lot!" Thanks to Arsenal's failed attempt in January, Dybala may not have to miss the star for too long, as the Gunners look set to be handed another transfer blow. Dybala has scored 13 goals assisted on six occasions in 29 appearances across all competitions so far this season, and would be a huge addition to the Tottenham front line.