Arsenal have been told to launch an audacious bid to sign one of Robert Lewandowski or Erling Haaland this summer. Mikel Arteta is looking for a striker to bolster his ranks in attack with his side closing in on continental football for next season. The Gunners are three points clear of Tottenham and a further point ahead of Manchester United in the battle to finish in the Premier League’s top four. If they manage to see out the season in fourth, they will clinch Champions League qualification for the first time since 2016-17. Returning to the top tier of European club football would also add significant funds to the club’s transfer fund and allow Arteta to target a top striker. The club are able to offer a lucrative salary after allowing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to terminate his contract, with the Gabonese’s £250,000-a-week earnings off their wage bill. Arteta missed out on signing Dusan Vlahovic in January after the Serbian striker went to Juventus, while a bid for Alexander Isak was knocked back by Real Sociedad. And it remains possible that the Spanish coach will return for Isak, 22, in the summer if they clinch Champions League football for next season. READ MORE: Man City 'made Madrid proposal' to charm Haaland in transfer But according to former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell, the north London outfit should be aiming high with their next big-money purchase — singling out Haaland and Lewandowski as ideal additions this summer. "Would they be in for Haaland? I am sure they would love him, I am sure Mikel Arteta is speaking to [Arsenal midfielder Martin] Odegaard to try to speak to him,” Campbell told Stadium Astro. “But I think that ship has sailed. I think Odegaard can’t spin him to join Arsenal.” The pair have dominated the goalscoring charts in the Bundesliga over the past two seasons, with Lewandowski scoring 31 goals in 27 appearances and Haaland on 16 goals from 16 games. The Norwegian has a £64m release clause that becomes active on July 1, while Lewandowski has reportedly asked to leave Bayern for a bigger payday elsewhere. Former Aston Villa boss Paul Lambert suggested that Haaland may be out of reach considering that Manchester City, Real Madrid and Barcelona are all reportedly tracking the 22-year-old. But Lewandowski, after spending the past 12 years of his career in Germany, may welcome a new challenge in the Premier League. DON'T MISSArsenal's Maitland-Niles' future bleak after 'not meeting' Roma hopesArteta may regret Ramsdale decision which could cost top-fourArsenal boss Mikel Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing “If I was Arsenal, and I would take an absolute stab at this one, I would go and try to get Lewandowski from Bayern,” Lambert said. “If he’s making noises to try and get out, I would say ‘you know what, I’m going to try this one’. “Then I would bring a younger one through who is capable as a number nine. Martinelli, like Kevin says. But I would try and go for it, because Arsenal are a huge club, they’re in London, massive fanbase and history behind it. "They’ve got everything there. If you don’t buy a raffle ticket, you never know if you can win. Lewandowski, Haaland, why not try it? "With Haaland, I agree with Kevin, I’m pretty sure he’s going to go Man City, Madrid or Barcelona. I think that’s way out of their market, but Lewandowski’s a different kettle of fish."