Kevin Magnusson has admitted to being caught off-guard by the Haas team after he was confirmed as Nikita Mazepin's replacement for the 2022 season. Magnusson, 29, debuted in F1 with McLaren in 2014 before a stint at Renault, before joining his current employers in 2017. He then had four consecutive campaigns with the American outfit, with the 2018 campaign proving his most successful as he finished ninth on 56 points. The Dane left at the end of 2020 though, and went on to compete in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship last year, as well as competing the 24 Hours of Le Mans race. However, he's now made an impromptu return to F1, and to Haas, in place of Mazepin after the Russian driver's contract was terminated with immediate effect. There had been growing pressure on the team to make a stance amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine, despite the FIA ruling that Mazepin could compete if he entered races under a neutral banner, and signed a statement declaring himself opposed to the war. JUST IN: George Russell breaks down in tears as Netflix teases new Drive to Survive trailer “I was obviously very surprised but equally very excited to receive the call from Haas F1 Team,” stated Magnussen, in an interview on the team website. “I was looking in a different direction regarding my commitments for 2022 but the opportunity to return to compete in Formula 1, and with a team I know extremely well, was simply too appealing. "I really have to say thank you to both Peugeot and Chip Ganassi Racing for releasing me promptly – both are great organisations." Magnusson's original F1 stint yielded 119 race starts, but his only podium came in his first - a third-placed finish at the Australian Grand Prix on his bow with McLaren. DON'T MISS:F1 threatened with legal action as Russian GP chief makes defiant statementChristian Horner takes aim at Toto Wolff over Lewis Hamilton Mercedes successMercedes working on ‘legendary’ W13 upgrade in boost for Lewis Hamilton and George Russell And he expressed gratitude to owner Gene Haas, and team principal Guenther Steiner, for a second opportunity. "We’ve enjoyed a solid relationship and our positive association remained even when I left at the end of 2020," he added. "I’ve been briefed as much as possible on the development of the VF-22 and the potential in the package. There’s work to do but I’m excited to be a part of it. "I can’t wait to get back behind the wheel of a Formula 1 car in Bahrain.” It's been an eventful day for Haas, who have been threatened with legal action by Russian company Ukralkali after the team cancelled their sponsorship deal last week. Ukralkali claim they are now owed a refund having already paid out money for the 2022 campaign. Amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Haas have also removed the colour red from the livery of their car.