Nikita Mazepin is set to reveal all in a press conference scheduled for Wednesday morning following his exit from Haas. After Russia began their invasion of Ukraine, sport governing bodies around the world faced hard questions about their Russian athletes. FIFA announced Russia would be kicked out of the World Cup qualifiers while UEFA stated that all Russian clubs competing in their competitions would be banned. The FIA originally stated last week that Mazepin would be allowed to race in F1 under a neutral flag, which drew plenty of criticism. But Haas still went ahead with terminating Mazepin's contract, along with the partnership with title sponsor Uralkali. The move was taken with immediate effect and Haas are now looking to find Mazepin's replacement. JUST IN: Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher after being dropped from Haas  The Russian driver took to social media after the news broke to air his grievances on Haas' decision. He wrote: "I am very disappointed to hear that my F1 contract has been terminated. "While I understand the difficulties, the ruling from the FIA plus my ongoing willingness to accept the conditions proposed were completely ignored, and no process was followed in this unilateral step." And the 23-year-old is set to reveal everything when he speaks to the media for the first time on Wednesday. DON'T MISS  According to RacingNews365, Mazepin has scheduled a press conference for 9am tomorrow. A host of names have been linked with replacing Mazepin at Haas with just under two weeks until the first race of the season. Niko Hulkenberg is currently the reserve driver for Aston Martin but there has been some suggestion Haas could steal him away. But Ralf Schumacher, uncle to Mick Schumacher, doesn't believe Haas will bring in the F1 veteran. “I cannot imagine that team boss Guenther Steiner would reactivate his old contacts with Nico Hulkenberg and bring a second German into the team,” he said. “I would be surprised.” Pietro Fittipaldi appears to be the frontrunner having already had recent experience driving for Haas, including the post-season testing in Abu Dhabi last year.