Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has spoken out about the club's future after Roman Abramovich announced his decision to sell the club on Wednesday afternoon, with the German claiming the club's hierarchy would likely undergo big talks with him after they scraped to a 3-2 win over Luton. Chelsea just about entered the FA Cup quarter finals with their win in Hertfordshire thanks to goals from Saul Niguez, Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku. It gives the Blues renewed hope they could win an FA Cup and Champions League double, with the Premier League likely to be out of their sights. But the win was insignificant compared to the magnitude of Abramovich's sudden statement, which told of his desire to leave following the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Chelsea's future is now up in the air, with rumours that Conor McGregor could take control of the club. And Tuchel said that he expects big talks to occur after the news was made known to him just hours before kick-off.  JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season  When asked if it would help if someone senior came and spoke to him, Tuchel bluntly replied: "It will happen. It always happens." The German has had a whirlwind 13 months at the club, winning the Champions League and Club World Cup in a short space of time to give himself a huge boost in reputation and standing at the west London outfit. But he refused to agree that he would talk to the players about the impending sale, leaving it to the club's hierarchy to display their message. "Me personally? I don't think I have to talk about it. I do not know as much as maybe you think. I'm not a CEO or a member of the board. I am very sure the club will speak to us and to the players and it's also necessary," Tuchel said when asked if he would talk to his playing staff. Questions were then posed about whether Tuchel would have to address the uncertainty at the club and if that would be him or not. However, the former Borussia Dortmund boss said he would not go the extra mile in taking the horns over the situation.  DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  "Yes, but not me. I cannot clarify the situation. I am pretty sure a member of the board will talk to us and clarify the situation," he continued. "It's a bit too early as it's big news. It's a bit too early for me to speak. I can only think about Chelsea with Roman Abramovich, so it's very hard for me. It didn't sink in yet this is going to stop. It's a massive change." "[I last spoke to Roman] on the pitch in Abu Dhabi [after Chelsea's Club World Cup win]."   The Blues now await the quarter-final draw, which takes place on Monday. They will look to avenge the 2020 and 2021 FA Cup final losses to Arsenal and Leicester, having fallen at the final hurdle both times at Wembley. Tuchel's men will face Burnley on Saturday in a bid to strengthene their top four chances.