Princess Margaret was born in 1930, four years after her older sister Queen Elizabeth II was born. The royal sadly died in 2002, aged 71 after many years of complications with her health. Margaret maintained a slim frame during her lifestyle, despite being somewhat of a notorious party animal.  She was one of the most glamorous royals within the institution who graced the covers of Time Magazine and Tatler. During the 1950s and 1960s, Margaret was one of the most beautiful young women in the public eye. So what diet did the sister of the Queen follow? Secret documents released in April 2013 revealed the Duchess enjoyed “simple” meals.  READ MORE: Weight loss tips: Doctor shares three ways to lose belly fat They were written for the benefit of those hosting Margaret during her 1956 trip to Mauritius. According to the documents, she was "not fond of either caviar or oysters”. The Clarence House officials wrote: "Princess Margaret prefers meals to be as simple as possible and not to last too long. “Three or four courses (including cheese or fruit) for lunch, and five for dinner are quite sufficient.   "As far as food is concerned Her Royal Highness has very catholic tastes but is not fond of either caviar or oysters." Her favourite drinks were gin and tonic and whisky and soda, according to the documents. Moreover, Margaret reportedly preferred wine to champagne. In terms of exercise, Princess Margaret was just like many other members of the Royal Family with her love of horse riding.  Sir Robert Scott, the governor of Mauritius, was told: "Her Royal Highness does not play tennis or golf, but she is keen on riding. “Princess Margaret enjoys racing, and is happy to watch football or cricket for a reasonable length of time." It is also said the Princess had a very lavish morning routine. The book ‘Ma'am Darling: Ninety-Nine Glimpses of Princess Margaret’ described it in detail.  Margaret woke up around 9am and would have “breakfast in bed, followed by two hours in bed listening to the radio, reading the newspapers”. The documents claimed she would leave these newspapers “scattered over the floor”, and she would end her breakfast with some “chain-smoking". At 11am she would get into a bath for an hour, then would sit down to do her hair and make-up. At 12:30pm she had her first vodka and soda, followed by a lunch with her mother at 1pm with half a bottle of wine. 