The Duchess of Cambridge was attending the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey when she made the gesture when greeting the Duchess of Cornwall. Body language expert Judi James told the Mirror that Kate was keen to show respect for the woman who will be Queen Consort ahead of her.  She said: “Kate touched Camilla’s arm with her left hand as an add-on gesture to suggest closeness and affection as they cheek kissed. “She also performed a huge ‘act of inconvenience’ to show respect, bending her knees to lower herself right down to plant her kiss on Camilla’s cheeks. “Her hand on Camilla’s arm dropped but she then replaced it for one final squeeze. “These greeting add-ons are tie-signs that would signal to Camilla and to the rest of the world that Kate is keen to register affection and closeness with the woman who will be on the throne before her.”  However, Ms James there was some “residual tension” from the last Commonwealth Day ceremony in 2020 which was Prince Harry and Megan Markle’s last royal engagement before they left the Royal Family. She said: “Pared-down and paired-up, the body language displays of affection and unity from Charles, Camilla, William and Kate today looked like an emphatic statement of closure after the unbearable tensions and open rifts of 2020. “When Harry and Meghan were bidding farewell to the UK and Edward and Sophie had to sit as human buffers to avoid layers of perma-frost forming. “The most telling moment came when the four stood together waiting to walk down the aisle. READ MORE:Anne Boleyn breakthrough: 'Unknown' evidence about Henry VIII exposed    “There were signals of residue tension from William on arrival, who may still have been remembering the ghosts of the past as he arrived with one hand spread-eagled across his stomach in a barrier gesture. “Before wiping his hands together and patting at his clothing to suggest inner anxiety, but he chatted, smiling, with Kate to look more upbeat than his sombre and tense expression two years before. “Even Charles arrived stuffing his hand into his pocket and looking a little frail and unsteady on his feet, but when the group convened it was kisses all round and an air of relaxation that they all seemed to be enjoying. “William kissed Camilla on both cheeks and Charles did the same to Kate before standing close in front of her using prolonged eye contact as he smiled and pointed in an animated conversation. DON'T MISS: Kate dazzles at Commonwealth service sending royal fans into frenzy [REVEAL] Queen sparks major health concerns 'She's no longer a power'  [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: 'Destructive' Harry and Meghan issued warning  [SPOTLIGHT]   “Kate mirrored his pointing gesture, suggesting fond approval and like-minded thinking.”