A Haas engineer has posted several photos to Instagram joking about the situation in Saudi Arabia after a Yemen rebel group attacked a nearby Aramco oil facility. Drivers met with F1 bosses and team principals to discuss their safety ahead of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on Sunday. As the opening practice session took place at the Jeddah Corniche Circuit - hosting its second Grand Prix after the inaugural race last year - began on Friday, a missile struck a nearby oil facility. Yemen’s Houthi rebel group have since taken responsibility and claimed to be behind the attack. The racing action continued during second practice, although the start was delayed. Following the session, drivers and team principals met with F1 bosses Stefano Domenicali and Ross Brawn to discuss the issue at hand. Drivers expressed concerns about their safety and were reportedly considering boycotting the entire race weekend. After four hours of talks, they agreed to race amid reports they were warned of ‘possible consequences’. READ MORE: F1's Saudi Arabian GP 'issue' despite 'pack up and leave' warning After the decision to hold the race was confirmed, one Haas engineer posted images to Instagram to vent his frustration. The first image was on a black screen with a drawn-on box and tick along with the caption: "Race in active warzone." Another image was posted showing the engineer lying on the floor beneath one of the Haas cars, with the caption "Busy then @dane_woods." The engineer reposted the image along with the accompanying message: "Just taking shelter from inbound missiles." DON'T MISSF1 marshal quits Saudi Arabian Grand Prix over vile Hamilton tweetCharles Leclerc makes Ferrari vow ahead of Saudi Arabian GPKovalainen has noticed Verstappen and Leclerc rivalry change Saudi Arabian authorities say there were no casualties from the attack. The 22-race 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues this weekend with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix at 6pm (BST).