Lauren Bacall and Humphrey Bogart’s relationship remains to this day one of Hollywood’s most romantic yet controversial romances. They met while filming Bacall’s first film ‘To Have and Have Not’ when she was 19 and he was 43. Despite the age gap, they fell head over heels for one another. Within a year of meeting, they were married, having tied the knot at the country home of Pulitzer Prize-winning author Louis Bromfield. Both enjoyed enormously successful careers alongside their whirlwind marriage, starring in some of the finest films ever to grace Hollywood. One of Bacall’s films, the 1988 adaptation of Agatha Christie’s mystery novel Appointment with Death, airs this afternoon on Channel 5. Though Bacall and Bogart’s relationship was relatively short-lived — he died in 1957, 12 years after they married — it was one that was destined to be. READ MORE: Trevor Howard snubbed Queen honour ‒ secret list of 300 who refused Within a year of meeting, they were married, having tied the knot at the country home of Pulitzer Prize-winning author Louis Bromfield.  Both enjoyed enormously successful careers alongside their whirlwind marriage, starring in some of the finest films ever to grace Hollywood.  One of Bacall’s films, the 1988 adaptation of Agatha Christie’s mystery novel Appointment with Death, airs this afternoon on Channel 5.  Though Bacall and Humphrey’s relationship was relatively short-lived — he died in 1957, 12 years after they married — it was one that was destined to be. A few weeks into filming ‘To Have and Have Not’, the pair enjoyed an off-screen kiss and Bogart asked for Bacall’s phone number. Bogart was married at the time, and attempted to make his marriage work alongside the affair, before divorcing his wife in 1945 to marry Bacall 11 days later. Bacall’s memoirs were serialised in the Daily Mail after her death in 2014, and included passages on her tempestuous relationship. She recalled a furious row on their second Christmas together, and wrote: “Bogie gave me a large box and I gasped when I tore it open — it was a mink coat, from upmarket store Bergdorf Goodman, and embroidered with my initials on the lining. That coat was a beauty.” The couple and their friends had all been drinking aquavit [a flavoured, distilled spirit] on ice, laughing and joking with one another. Bacall continued: “So I put on this gorgeous coat, and one of our friends said: ‘Have you ever walked barefoot on a mink?’ “We threw it on the floor, took off our shoes, and walked on it. Bogie was livid. “He grabbed it from the floor, so hurt and angry that after all his planning I simply dumped his gift on the floor and stomped on it. DON'T MISS:The Godfather to Goodfellas: UK's Top 10 favourite gangster movies [INSIGHT]Film and Music world silences Putin: Eurovision blow and concerts axed [NEW]What happened to Lindsay Lohan? Fallen star's comeback with Netflix [REVEALED] “I threw my arms around him and swore I loved the coat, but he was having none of it. It was touch and go for a while from there.” Bacall and Bogart made four films together before she took a step back from acting to care for their growing family after the births of their son Stephen, in 1949, and daughter Leslie, in 1952. She revealed that the news of her first pregnancy had caused a major row between her and Bogart. She said: “The day I told him I was pregnant, we had the biggest shouting match of our lives. “It hadn’t occurred to me that, 48 years old and childless, he wasn’t ready to be a father. He kept yelling that he hadn’t married me just to lose me to a baby. “The next day, he wrote me a long contrite letter. He was afraid, he said, of being a bad father. “But he knew how much I wanted a child, and he promised he would get used to the idea of being called Dad.” Stephen was named after Bogart’s character in ‘To Have and Have Not’. Their fairytale came to an abrupt end in January 1957 when Bogart died. He had been diagnosed with oesophagus cancer the previous year, leaving Bacall widowed at the age of just 32. Bacall had a relationship with Frank Sinatra after Bogart’s death, and wrote in her autobiography that he ended the relationship abruptly after becoming upset that his marriage proposal had been leaked to the press. She then met Hollywood star Jason Robards, and married him in July 1961, but the couple divorced in 1969. Bacall did not marry again, and passed away in 2014 after having a stroke. Appointment with Death airs at 3:05pm on Channel 5.