Adapted from Jane Austen’s unfinished novel of the same name, series two of Sanditon arrives on BritBox this week. In the latest outing, viewers saw Charlotte Heywood (played by Rose Williams) having a chance encounter that uprooted her from rural life and landed her in the resort of Sanditon that Tom Parker (Kris Marshall) is developing. As the set encapsulates the essence of Regency England, wearing elegant silk costumes is a given for most of the actors but despite this, leading star Kris has revealed how he had occasionally split his trousers when filming for series two.   Kris chuckled: “I’ve ripped my trousers five times this series, just by bending. “When the costume designer first emailed me about the series, I said I wanted my costumes to be one thing – slinky. “The colours in this series are really vibrant. “The costumes are less Georgian Regency and more pre-Victorian – they’re more gregarious, frivolous and coquettish,” he added to Radio Times. “Like peacocks.” READ MORE:Antiques Road Trip taken off air in schedule shake-up   Playing Charlotte’s love interest in the series is Sidney (Theo James) who was forced to marry someone else for money - saving his brother from financial ruin after the fire. The first series finale on ITV which aired back in 2019, saw the fictional seaside town go up in flames. Since then, the promenade was restored, with the shops now larger and the buildings more distinguished. Meandering towards the beachfront, viewers see a grey, imposing hangar lying ahead rather than a picturesque seaside.    In its official trailer which was released by the streaming service on Monday, fans see Lady Denham (Anne Reid) telling Charlotte: “I rather thought we’d seem the back of you.” “You remain stubbornly unwed I see,” she frowned. Moreover, it looks as though Charlotte may not be in search of a new suitor as she walks side-by-side with Eliza Campion (Ruth Kearney) admitting she came back to Sanditon to “avoid all that”. It seems as though her heart is still yearning for Sidney when the trailer cuts to the ballroom when another is seen telling Charlotte she “can’t recapture” what she had with Sidney.   Meanwhile, Lady Denham is adored by viewers, despite her nasty edge. Her actor, Anne, gushed over her beloved Sanditon role and claimed it gave her pleasure to dish out jibes to her fellow cast members. She admitted: “I’ve never played such a dominating woman before. “All I do is come on and be rude to people and go home again. “I have to say it’s one of the most glorious parts I’ve ever had in my whole life,” she told Radio Times DONT MISS... Sanditon season 2 release date, cast, trailer, plot[INSIGHT]Sanditon season 2 cast: who is joining the series?[VIDEO]Sanditon season 2: Charlotte Heywood's new love interest unveiled [INTERVIEW]   In jest, the Inside Number 9 star claimed she would work for nothing in order to keep her character on the programme. Anne chuckled: “I absolutely love doing it. “Don’t tell the producer, but I’d actually do it for nothing.” Sanditon season 2 streams March 21 on BritBox. 