Some two in five drivers are currently making fewer trips in the car due to the prohibitive cost of petrol and diesel in the UK, but there are some simple measures that can be taken to help reduce consumption. A staggering saving of 60 percent on fuel is possible by simply accelerating more smoothly when driving and not ‘putting your foot down’ according to car site Lookers. That works out at a whopping 60p of every pound spent at the pumps. The ideal speed to travel is at a constant speed of around 50mph, and in the highest gear. In order to save the most fuel, drivers should pull away from lights smoothly and shouldn’t overtake unnecessarily due to the added acceleration required. Driving too close to the car in front is always inadvisable but it also means sharp braking, again using more fuel. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak considers network of new toll roads Meanwhile it also seems that not filling the fuel tank is a sensible way to run a car. Keeping the tank full will reduce the amount of petrol spent on detours to a fuel station, but the extra weight can do more harm than good as you travel. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Michael Foote, personal finance expert and editor-in-chief of MOT comparison site Quotegoat.com said: “The heavier your car, the more fuel it takes to keep it moving. “Your vehicle won't be as heavy by only ever filling up your car with half a tank.” DON'T MISSMajor driving law will see people fined £200 for using phone today [WARNING]Calls to end ‘significant' car tax which is forcing drivers off roads [SHOCKING]Major diesel changes are a ‘deadly tax’ and will ruin businesses [INSIGHT] Though this will mean more frequent trips to the forecourts, the overall savings will be worth it in the long run if you live close-by to a petrol station. Money-saving expert at WeThrift, Nick Drewe, added: “Every time you fill up your tank, make sure to only top up what your car requires at the time. “A top tip to deciding the correct amount of fuel you need is to keep a consumption notebook in your glove box or keeping a record on your phone. “For every visit to the petrol station, note down how much fuel you put in your car to get from A-B.”  Maintaining the correct tyre pressure can also have a dramatic effect on fuel consumption, with research showing drivers use an additional three percent fuel for every 10 percent that tyres are under-inflated. Even a 0.5 bar pressure can increase fuel use by two to five percent. Andreas Giese, product planning at tyre maker Falken, said: “A properly inflated tyre not only extends the life of the tyre but gives you better fuel economy. “Increased rolling resistance from a soft tyre leads to higher fuel consumption and CO2 emissions.”