Manchester United star Dean Henderson has seen his claim over Harry Maguire’s ability compared to Virgil van Dijk backfire badly. Henderson is Maguire’s team-mate at United and watched on from the bench as the Red Devils were smashed by Manchester City on Sunday. Maguire has endured a challenging season for United amid their struggles, leading a defence that has the worst record in the top nine of the Premier League. He put in another poor performance at the Etihad Stadium as United suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands of their fierce rivals. The England international was partly at fault for City’s two opening goals, especially Kevin de Bruyne second when he failed to clear during a goalmouth scramble. United had high hopes for the centre-back when they made him the most expensive defender in history after buying him from Leicester. But Maguire has struggled to live up to expectations and has frequently come under fire for his performances this term. JUST IN: Neville disagrees with Rangnick's plan as he questions Man Utd targets Henderson will certainly have been surprised to have seen his team-mate at club and international level struggle so badly. Back when Maguire was impressing for England at Euro 2020, the goalkeeper compared him favourably to Liverpool star Van Dijk. The Dutchman has developed a reputation for being one of the best defenders in the world since joining the Reds. And Henderson made it clear that he believed that Maguire was operating at a similar level to Van Dijk. DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Rangnick provides Ronaldo update after Man City defeat (NEWS)Man Utd boss Rangnick replies to Keane and Neville after City loss (INSIGHT)Man Utd's £175m mistake is Rangnick's main problem - not Ronaldo (ANALYSIS) “How can you doubt Harry Maguire? Nobody can doubt him,” Henderson told talkSPORT ahead of the Euro 2020 final. “He plays every single game for Manchester United, the biggest football club in the world and no matter what he gives his best. “Harry is a top centre-half. I'd put him in the same category as Virgil van Dijk, and I'll be proven right in the next couple of years, because he's only going to get better and better.” Rather than be proven right though, it appears that Henderson’s prediction has backfired badly, especially in the wake of United’s dreadful derby defeat. In contrast to Maguire’s poor performances, Van Dijk has continued to excel for Liverpool, starting all but two games for the Reds in the top-flight this season. His leadership of Jurgen Klopp’s back four has ensured that they have enjoyed one of the best defensive records in the Premier League. In stark contrast to Van Dijk, Maguire has taken a huge step back from his summer performances during his games for United. And that step back has left Henderson looking red-faced following his claims about his team-mate’s ability.