Discussions will focus on deepening the £200billion relationship to make it cheaper and easier to do business. It signals a shift in attitude from Washington after previously lukewarm support for a full free trade deal by US President Joe Biden. International Trade Secretary ­Anne-Marie Trevelyan will meet her US counterpart Katherine Tai in Baltimore, Maryland, next week. Ms Trevelyan said: “The US is our biggest trading partner. Our thriving relationship delivers so much for our economies, businesses and people. “Now, more than ever, we recognise the power of deepening trade ties with like-minded allies around the world. “This new UK-US dialogue is a symbol of our ambition to work even closer with businesses and workers to promote innovation, inclusive economic growth and support jobs on both sides of the Atlantic. “These events are a huge opportunity to make it even easier, quicker and more cost-effective to do trans-Atlantic trade – but also to tackle the most pressing challenges like congested supply chains and climate change.” Whitehall sources said the talks were a “positive step” towards negotiations for a full pact. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meetings will also be held in the UK later in the spring to look at modernising trade. The US is the UK’s largest single bilateral trading partner with goods worth £203.1billion involved in 2020. British ambassador to the US, Dame Karen Pierce said there is massive support in America for a free trade deal. She added: “In every state I visit I’m struck by the depth and dynamism of our trade and investment ­relationship, as well as local support for a UK-US free trade agreement.” Shevaun Haviland, director-general of the British Chambers of Commerce, said: “Working directly with US businesses and decision makers is crucial to address steel tariffs and sustainability, global supply chains, technology, digital trade, services and mutual recognition of professional qualifications. “Outside of trade with the EU, the US is the most significant market for chamber businesses. We want to ­double the firms trading overseas.”