A Bundesliga game was abandoned after an assistant referee was struck by a full pint of beer. Borussia Monchengladbach were leading 2-0 away at VFL Bochum when the game was halted after 69 minutes.  Cameras panned to the assistant crouched on the floor clutching his head. The referee then led the assistant across the pitch, with the individual still rubbing his head in pain. Both sets of players were furious at the Bochum fans who aimed the pint cup at the assistant.  Bochum goalkeeper Manuel Riemann was incensed by the incident and ran the length of the pitch to confront the fans.  The shot-stopper pointed to his head, implying that the fan was stupid for throwing the object. Other players pleaded for calm among the group of supporters. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Conte hits out at Arteta over Arsenal fixture complaint The match was initially suspended but was then abandoned as the safety of the officials could not be guaranteed. ESPN’s commentators condemned the actions of the fans. “It was a full can of beer, or a glass,” one of them says, although the container appeared to be plastic. “What I would really like to say is, ‘how stupid is that, guys?’. You’re 2-0 down, What’s the outcome of throwing something?” Bochum's English Twitter account released a statement following the incident. They branded the individual who threw the beer an 'idiot', saying: "Delay in the game. "Some idiot has thrown something towards the pitch and hit the linesman. The game has been delayed. Incredibly stupid and irresponsible behaviour, it has no place in a stadium! Idiot idiot idiot. Hopefully the linesman is OK." DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'line up summer target' but face Arsenal and Newcastle battleMan Utd 'very hot' on £63m-rated star who is Rangnick favouriteArsenal's pursuit of Neves could spark exciting Arteta revolution  The incident came just six hours after Bochum released a video urging fans to not throw beer on the pitch. A tweet read: “Greetings to all beer throwers in the stadium! Better listen to the capitano…” It was accompanied by a video of club captain Anthony Losilla drinking a beer.   This was the first time Bochum's 25,000 fans had been allowed inside their stadium following COVID-19 restrictions in Germany. 