One of the benefits of saving for retirement is that people can get tax relief on their pension contributions. However, by breaching a specific savings threshold, Britons could be hit with a punitive tax charge. The Lifetime Allowance is a cap on the amount Britons can save into their pension pot throughout their life. Those who exceed the limit could face a financial penalty. This could come in the form of a tax charge of up to 55 percent. READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month – 'anyone can do it’ Breaches of the threshold must be reported on an individual’s self-assessment tax return. Britons generally have their retirement funds tested for the LTA when they access their pension, reach age 75, or upon death. The Lifetime Allowance is currently set at £1,073,100. DON'T MISSState pension triple lock guaranteed - Rishi Sunak confirms 7.4 percent rise is budgeted [STATE PENSION]'Anybody can fall victim' - Britons warned of 'convincing' scam after retiree loses £800k [WARNING]Martin Lewis: Do you pay for dentistry and opticians? A little-known way to cover the cost [INSIGHT] This may seem an insurmountable sum for many people, but even people who would not deem themselves particularly wealthy could come close to the limit. Those with a final salary pension could be particularly at risk of breaching the LTA. In the coming years, more and more people could be forced to pay tax charges on their pensions due to the LTA. This is because the limit will remain frozen until at least April 2026. The effects of inflation over time could therefore push more Britons over the LTA. When it was first introduced, the LTA was significantly higher, set at £1.5million in the 2006/07 tax year. It was gradually increased and eventually got to an all-time high of £1.8million. However, it has been tapered down in recent years, resulting in the current £1,073,100 limit. The Annual Allowance works in a similar way to the LTA, restricting the amount someone can pay into a pension pot in a given year. Currently, the Annual Allowance is set at £40,000. Like with the LTA, people who breach the Annual Allowance must report this on their tax return.