Mohamed Salah appears set to miss Liverpool's trip to Arsenal on Wednesday after he was nowhere to be seen at training on Monday. The Egypt international has played a huge role in helping Liverpool maintain a title challenge this season with an incredible 20 goals and 10 assists in just 26 Premier League matches. He was back on the scoresheet in the win over Brighton at the weekend after finishing from the spot. But Salah was forced off with an injury just a few minutes later with the attacker seen heading down the tunnel immediately after his substitution. Jurgen Klopp remained hopeful that Salah's injury wasn't too serious when asked about it after the game. "He thinks it’s not serious but you can see when Mo Salah is sitting down then something is not 100 per cent right," Klopp said. JUST IN: Barcelona have four-man shortlist including Liverpool and Chelsea aces    "I think it was the situation before when he hit the ball and got blocked – he wanted to shoot and got blocked and I think the foot got slightly overstretched. We have to see.” They face an in-form Arsenal side on Wednesday as the Reds look to keep up the challenge on City at the top of the table. But Klopp may well have to go without Salah for the trip to London this week as the Liverpool Echo report he was absent from training on Monday. The German coach has admitted previously that any player missing from training on the eve of their next game will not feature. DON'T MISS  The report adds that both James Milner and Kostas Tsimikas were also not spotted at training. Following Liverpool's trip to Arsenal on Wednesday, they return to action in the FA Cup on Sunday against Nottingham Forest. A win against the Championship outfit will secure another trip to Wembley for the FA Cup semi-finals. Chelsea take on giant-killers Middlesbrough on Saturday with Crystal Palace also taking on Everton. Liverpool's title rivals City are also favourites to progress as they take on Southampton for a place in the semi-finals. If both Liverpool and City reach the FA Cup semi-finals and are drawn against each other, there is the very real possibility they could meet four times in a matter of 11 days. The Reds are scheduled to face City in the league on April 10 with the FA Cup semi-finals set for April 16. But they could also be drawn against each other in the Champions League quarter-finals which take place on April 5/6 and April 12/13. And Liverpool will be hoping Salah's injury isn't too serious to rule him out of what will be a key run of fixtures.