Russian-sanction induced price hikes aside, the UK has seen a stark increase in wholesale gas prices over the past year. As most of the UK’s electricity is generated by gas, electricity has suffered the price rise too. Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis said rates are currently about five times what they used to be, and this figure is due to increase dramatically as of April 1. The April 1 price cap, which is a limit on the price energy providers can charge, is due to rise by 54 percent on average, although with slight regional variation. If you've never switched tariff, you were on a cheap fix that ended and didn't switch, or if you were moved to a 'supplier of last resort’ as a result of your usual energy provider going bust, you’re likely to be on a price-capped energy tariff. This equates to a majority of UK households, so a vast number across the country are due to feel the effects of the impending price cap rise. Ofgem announced the price cap for an average household will rise from £1,277 to £1,971 from April 1 to the end of September. And as of October, experts predicted another percentage increase on top of that, as caps will be based on the wholesale energy rates of this quarter - which are already significantly higher than last.  READ MORE: Martin Lewis' alert to take meter readings before 'catastrophic' rise  Cornwall Insight, energy market analysts, predicted you can expect to see a 24 percent rise (75 percent higher than current rates) - which could push prices up to £2,450 a year. These startling insights beg the question of whether UK households should act now to fix their energy price caps to mitigate the impacts of October’s predicted price cap hike, or whether they should stay put. Mr Lewis said: “Some might be lucky enough to still be on a cheap fix from before this all happened. If so, just stick with it for as long as you can, because energy prices have increased so much that you'll be paying way below what you'd be paying if you moved anywhere else.  “Even the idea of moving quickly to try and bag a bargain is just not worth it, so stick on your cheap fix for now." However, when this ends, or for those who haven’t been lucky enough to bag a cheap fix, there are a few things to consider when deciding on an energy price fix. As these rates are ‘price caps’, this means energy firms don’t actually have to charge as high as the cap - it’s just the maximum figure they can charge. However, all of the big players have announced new prices for their variable rates and their price cap tariffs will be at - or are not an awful lot cheaper - than the price cap.  DON'T MISS: British Gas, E.ON and EDF Energy websites CRASH [BREAKING]Three steps Britons should take ahead of Ofgem's price cap rise [EXPLAINED]IDS warns of '1970s stagflation' unless Sunak battles cost-of-living [ANALYSIS]    Mr Lewis said: “The rule of thumb is this: I would not switch to a fixed deal unless it was less than 75 percent more than the current price cap, or if you want to base it on the April price cap, no more than 15 percent more than the April price cap. "So if you can find a fix within that price range then it is worth getting. But you will not find those prices on a comparison site. There are no open market options close to that price – they're all 40 percent more than the April price cap at the very cheapest.” As it’s next to confirmed that we will see another increase in October - definitely not a drop - if you can get a one-year fixed rate at the April price cap, you’ll be considerably better off. Mr Lewis advised: "If you're looking to compare elsewhere, do be careful that you're comparing preferably on the unit rates, if not, the same usage [as the comparison company could] be estimating your direct debit to be much lower.”  Mr Lewis said: “Not if it's a big price premium, because the current predictions are that in April 2023, prices will drop from the October price hike again, but it's very, very uncertain.” But if you want price certainty and you're willing to pay a little more in the short term in case prices hike even further, this could be an option. So overall, if you can find a one-year fix that is no more than 15 percent above the April price cap, it’s worth fixing it. Mr Lewis said: “Otherwise it’s [probably not worth fixing], although if it's within a few percentage of that and you really want certainty, go for it. But I wouldn't be fixing at 40 percent more than the April price cap rates.” 