Anthony Martial has insisted that Manchester United “know” what he wants after opening up on his reasons for leaving the club. The Frenchman left Old Trafford on a six-month loan for Sevilla in the January transfer window, having failed to impress interim boss Ralf Rangnick. He has impressed since arriving in La Liga, scoring one goal and notching one assist in his six games so far. It marks a welcome return to form for the attacker, who had endured a dreadful campaign at Old Trafford before his exit. Almost as soon as Rangnick was appointed, it was reported that Martial had demanded he be allowed to leave in the winter window. That request was finally granted in the final week of the window after he played just eight minutes under the German. Despite the acrimonious nature of his departure, Martial will return to the Red Devils when his loan spell ends. The Frenchman still has two years remaining on his contract, but he has hinted that he will be seeking a permanent move away from Manchester in the summer window. READ MORE: Man Utd fans pelt Simeone with missiles after Atletico Madrid loss “For me, it was the best option to play and enjoy football again. I lost it a little bit in Manchester because I was not playing. I feel very good in Sevilla. The city is very good and we are a good team so, for me, it's perfect. I'm playing so I'm happy,” Martial told the Daily Mail. “But I'm here just until the end of the season and that's it. I asked United to leave because I wanted to play. I still have a contract but they know what I want, so we will see at the end of the season.” Martial has also revealed that he was unhappy with life at Old Trafford, which was part of the reason behind his request for a transfer. Having rediscovered his form, the attacker has also stated his desire to earn a place in the France squad for this year’s World Cup. DON'T MISS: Rio Ferdinand's grim verdict on Man Utd after Atletico Madrid defeat (INSIGHT)Man Utd have a £52m gem and other things learned from Atletico defeat (ANALYSIS)Erik ten Hag's potential giveaway amid Man Utd next manager rumours (NEWS) “When he (Rangnick) arrived, my objective was to leave. I told him I wanted to leave and that's it. He talked to me and said, ‘if you want to stay, with the way you train you will play if you keep training like that’. But I wanted to have a new atmosphere and a new club,” Martial added. “The World Cup for me is an objective. I want to be part of this group and that's why I'm here today because I want to play and show I can be in the squad. I need to show my quality and score goals. In Spain, I think all the teams try to play. In England, it's a little bit different. It is faster and more physical. For me, I just try to adapt and enjoy myself.”