The Ukrainian President said that Kyiv has always wanted peace and meaningful solutions to the conflict. In a video address given in the early hours of Saturday morning, Zelensky appealed directly to the Russian President.  He said: "I want everyone to hear me now, especially in Moscow. "The time has come for a meeting, it is time to talk. "The time has come to restore territorial integrity and justice for Ukraine. "Otherwise, Russia's losses will be such that it will take you several generations to recover."  The two sides have been involved in ceasefire negotiations for days without any sign of a breakthrough at time of writing. Moscow has produced a 15 point plan for peace which includes assurances that Ukraine won't join NATO and will be neutral like Austria or Sweden. Although Kyiv has agreed in principle that NATO membership is unlikely and neutrality is a possibility there are other obstacles to peace. Moscow is insisting that Crimea which it annexed in 2014 should remain under its control as should the Russian claimed Republic of Donbas and Lugansk. READ MORE:Putin humiliated as cameras CUT OFF speech in front of thousands   This is thought to be unacceptable to Zelensky and the Ukrainian population more widely. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss told The Times she fears peace talks between Russia and Ukraine are being used as a "smokescreen" by the Kremlin to allow forces to regroup. She said: "If a country is serious about negotiations, it doesn't indiscriminately bomb civilians that day. "What we've seen is an attempt to create space for the Russians to regroup. DON'T MISS:  ‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear'  [REVEAL] Ukraine war LIVE: Russian paratroopers facing massacre [INSIGHT] Putin turmoil as Russian soldiers 'refuse to come home' [SPOTLIGHT]  "We don't see any serious withdrawal of Russian troops or any serious proposals on the table. "The Russians have lied and lied and lied. I fear the negotiation is yet another attempt to create a diversion and create a smokescreen." 