The broadcaster first appeared on Sky Sports back in 1999 where he co-hosted a betting show before joining the Sky Sports News team on a full-time basis. From there he hosted coverage of Premier League matches and World Cup draws. But back in 2009, Chamberlain was diagnosed with stomach cancer, which was an incredibly tough time for both him and his family, but it was the push he needed to swap sports broadcasting for horse racing. Speaking to the MailOnline back in March 2020, Chamberlain recalled being in intensive care hooked up to chemotherapy medication but still cheering on his friend AP McCoy in the Champion Hurdle race. Speaking about how tough his cancer diagnosis and subsequent was, the journalist added: “Every cancer battle is very different. “I look back on it and think how lucky I was when I read horror stories of others. “I dodged a major bullet. I was so ill before I received treatment that the outlook was bleak when they discovered the tumour, so I was very much of the attitude of just throw everything at me.  READ MORE: Cancer warning: The ‘persistent’ toilet sign signalling a tumour growing inside the colon  “It still is in a way because it haunts them even now. My wife was pregnant with our second child. I sort of felt in control but people tiptoe around you. I felt sorry for them.” Yet one slightly positive thing to come out of his cancer was Chamberlin’s willingness to take a risk, one that led him to take the job with ITV. “I always dreamed of having that job, though I never thought it would happen,” Chamberlain added. “As soon I was offered it, I wanted it. Pre-illness, I would have been more cautious.  "I had a different attitude post-cancer. I felt, 'You only live once, let's have a crack at it.' I wasn't like that before." Stomach cancer is a term covering any cancer that is found in the stomach or stomach wall. Tumours that start in the wall are called gastrointestinal stromal tumours (GIST) whereas those that start in the immune system are known as non- Hodgkins lymphoma. Around 6,500 people are diagnosed with stomach cancer in the UK each year, but this number has fallen since the early 1990s. Now around 50 percent of the cases tend to occur in older people, specifically those aged 75 and over. Cancer Research UK explains that many stomach cancers are linked to lifestyle or environmental factors, including diet.  Although there are many possible signs of stomach cancer, they might be difficult to spot. The NHS says the main symptoms to look out for are those that affect your digestion, including: Other symptoms that may occur due to stomach cancer can include: Treatment for stomach cancer will depend on the type and size of the stomach cancer an individual has and whether it has spread to other parts of the body. Treatment usually involves a combination of surgery and chemotherapy . Although not always preventable, the NHS recommends individuals follow these lifestyle habits to try and avoid stomach cancer: 