CBS’ procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles returned to screens for another instalment of the intense procedural series. As the 12th episode ventured onto unforeseen territory, fans were glad to see it also welcomed actor William deVry as Captain Lombardo/XO.  The most recent episode titled ‘Murmuration’ followed the NCIS team as they investigated an unidentified aircraft which flew into the US airspace and crashed into a Navy Plane. The team flew into action as they were in charge of apprehending dangerous and elusive criminals, who posed a threat to the nation’s security. During their investigation, they were introduced to Navy Captain Lombardo/XO (played by William deVry). Fans were taken aback by his surprise appearance as he was a fan favourite, who played Julian Jerome on NBC’s General Hospital. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show Taking to Twitter, as surprised @dredis92 wrote: “I see my favourite actor [William deVry] on [NCIS LA] as a Navy Commander! I salute you sir!” @KellyLovesGH gleefully added: “Yay, it’s [William deVry] So excited to see you on tv again.” As @GiPractitioner agreed: “[William deVry] is on my screen again, whoo hoo!” @LisaSimpson24 shared: “Love seeing [William deVry] back on tv.”  @KellyLovesGH later added: “It’s so great seeing [William deVry] back on tv.” Ahead of his appearance on NCIS LA the actor took to Twitter to reveal his excitement about starring on the episode. DeVry wrote: “I read the script once, then read it four more times, Very good episode.” He added: “Samantha Chasse researched the hell out of it & wrote GREAT script! James Hanlon was a master director & GREAT actors director.”  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? [THEORY]NCIS LA: Callen dealt huge blow in hunt for deep fake culprit [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: Jessica Knight's life in danger? [INSIGHT] As the team tried to uncover the mystery they soon discovered the unidentified aircraft has managed to take out the pilot, but thankfully for fans he survived the ordeal. Before they could get to the bottom of it, a video of the aircraft had gone viral on social media with people suggesting it was a bird or aliens. After spotting the location where the aircraft crashed Kensi (Daniela Ruah) and Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) went there and met a podcaster who was convinced the flying object was in fact a drone. Claiming they had seen one everyday in the past week, the team informed their boss who instantly denied the intel and stated their system would have informed him.  After speaking with an expert they discovered that after every mistake she adapted the drone and eventually sold it to the USA. The team soon discovered the reason why frequencies weren’t being picked up was because it operated without one. As the drone had been created with a special technology to operate on its own, it didn't receive orders and had no frequency. As a result, their boss Hollace Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) pulled the plug on the investigation and claimed it was being operated by Americans to spy on Americans as a way of teaching it how to spy on their enemies. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 