Antiques Roadshow visited Bishop’s Palace in Wells in Somerset for its most recent instalment. One guest brought along a Cartier brooch and pair of earrings but was left gobsmacked when expert Joanna Hardy revealed the items were worth £40,000 collectively during a valuation on the BBC show. Joanna began: “People often ask me what do I look for in jewellery? Of course, it's craftsmanship and it's good design. “But sometimes a jewel will give me that immediate head rush of excitement and that's what these jewels have done to me. “And the fact that they have come in very well known red boxes the impact that this brooch and these earrings have together I think is just absolutely gorgeous. So how did you acquire these fabulous jewels?” The guest replied: “Well my mother died last year and she left them to me. Read more: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell car after huge valuation “I’ve seen her wear them but I didn't really know what they were and then when I got them home I realised what they were because of the boxes.” Joanna continued: “The red box with the Cartier signature inside and of course they are Cartier jewels and they are both signed on the back. I’ve had a good look she obviously clearly loved her jewellery.” “She did,” the guest confirmed. “My father used to buy her jewellery a lot and in fact bought all the girls in the family jewellery quite a lot.” “Really of this kind of calibre?” Joanna questioned and the owner clarified: “Well, not all like that.” The expert asked the guest if she knew when her father had purchased the jewellery and she confirmed it was the 1970s. The Antiques Roadshow expert remarked: “And how did she wear them?” The guest replied: “She used to wear them on a suit usually. My father had racehorses and they would go racing a lot and she'd often wear them on her lapel on her suit or something like that.” “You say they were bought in the 70s whereas, in fact, they are 40s jewels because of the austerity years with the war, you couldn't get the diamonds and the rubies and emeralds and sapphires and so other stones took over,” Joanna explained. DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow guest stunned over staggering valuation of bookmark [INSIGHT]Fiona Bruce health: Presenter 'became ill' due to busy work schedule [HEALTH]Antiques Road Trip expert Izzie Balmer makes profit from tobacco tin [VIDEO] “But citrine, amethyst, topaz, aquamarine really dominated the jewellery of this period. “When I turn [the earrings] over, these have been altered, they didn't start off as pierced, which they are now, they're now for pierced ears and you can see here, the ring around it and that is indicating to me that there would have been a clip, that would have fitted in there. “It’s Cartier London and they’re 18 karat gold. These Citron's came in a variety of colours as you can see this great sort of lovely graduation of these very rich golden brown colours.” Evaluating the pieces, she said: “The earrings because they'd been altered you'd be looking in a region of about £10,000. “And then this brooch, which I would run away with, I just think it’s spectacular. I love it, I love the colours. “At auction, I could see there would be a little bit of a fight over this and I would say you're probably looking in the region of around about £30,000.” “Goodness me that is a lot more than I thought,” the owner commented. Joanna concluded: “They are very special jewels.” Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.