McLaren F1's CEO Zak Brown has compared Lando Norris to seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton for how calm the young Briton remains in the cockpit and how he sticks to his pre-race plan regardless of what happens out on track. Norris enters his fourth season as a Formula One driver in 2022 having made clear progress in both of his last two years since his rookie campaign. The 22-year-old racked up four podiums for McLaren last year including a career-high second at the Italian Grand Prix, when he earned a one-two alongside team-mate Daniel Ricciardo at Monza. He ended sixth in the Drivers' Championship having just been pipped to fifth by Ferrari's Carlos Sainz, his McLaren team-mate in 2019 and 2020. Norris enters 2022 looking for a first ever race win and has been talked up highly by McLaren boss Brown, who even compared him to the iconic Hamilton. The Mercedes driver has won a joint-record seven world titles and narrowly missed out on an eighth last season, that would have taken him beyond the great Michael Schumacher. And Brown believes Norris, who has had very few crashes in F1, is level-headed at the wheel just as the vastly-experienced Hamilton, 37, is for constructors' champions Mercedes. MUST READ: Lando Norris on what it’s like to race Lewis Hamilton  Speaking to the Evening Standard, Brown said of Norris: "I always thought he's a world champion in the making. He's as fast as anyone and he rarely makes mistakes. He doesn't make big mistakes. "Take Lewis, he is extremely smart. Look at how Lewis raced in Saudi. That was such a highly intelligent drive, forget about the speed. He avoided three or four accidents with a damaged car. That was his experience and intelligence, and not getting emotional in the race car. "He just seems to drive with a plan and a mission. Lando does the same thing. I've never seen Lando emotional in a race car. There are some drivers out there who tend to get over the limit when they are pushing and you haven't really seen Lando do anything silly." DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton fears Mercedes issues will last two months - 'It's crazy'Helmut Marko irritated at 'whining' from Mercedes in F1 war of wordsLando Norris responds to Max Verstappen’s Drive To Survive criticism McLaren harbour hopes of competing with Mercedes, Red Bull and Ferrari for podiums and race wins and Norris insists he's ready to start strong at the season opener in Bahrain this weekend. He said: "I'm really looking forward to the close racing and exciting battles that the new regulations will bring. "I'm not sure what the order will be but it's going to be a close fight heading into the first qualifying session of the year and across the entire season. I can't wait for the challenge ahead. I'm excited and prepared to be entering my fourth season in Formula One with the team. I'm looking forward to building on the progress we've made together over the years and I'm ready to hit the ground running. "The tests in Barcelona and Bahrain have taught us a lot about the car but there's still more for us to understand and work on. I want to thank every person in the team for their hard work and dedication in building the MCL36 so we can go racing this season. Hopefully we can have a strong start to the year."