Since then the war began on February 24, missiles have hit several cities throughout Ukraine, triggering huge explosions and killing hundreds of innocent civilians. And now a foreign policy expert has said that Vladimir Putin could be preparing to establish concentration camps. Former aide to Margaret Thatcher Nile Gardiner said that the world could see the return of "concentration camps, inflicting horrific, horrendous suffering on the Ukrainian people". Express.co.uk readers have compared Putin to Adolf Hitler, with Nazi Germany operating more than 1,000 concentration camps on its own territory and across occupied Europe from 1933 until the end of World War 2 in 1945. "Scotlandfreeofthesnp" wrote: "Straight out Hitler's playbook. Putin needs to be removed by his people, as if he remains in power there is no way back for Russia to rejoin the international community." Reader "Psyrus" agreed, saying: "Yet another page out of the Hitler playbook, still holding out that he gets to the chapter set in a bunker really soon." "DavefromDerby" said: "I lost much of my family in the concentration camps. "My grandmother was one of the first female MOSSAD operatives and instrumental in hunting down several Nazi war criminals. "Ukraine has a large Jewish population. Putin is signing his own death warrant." "Shropshirelad" added: "If he does and we stand bye doing nothing, eternal shame on us!" Foreign policy expert Mr Gardiner warned an "increasingly deranged and deluded" Putin could follow his invasion of Ukraine with "occupation and quite likely ethnic cleansing, as well as mass killing". READ MORE: Germany blocks West from scuppering Putin's energy ties He told Express.co.uk: "Putin poses a huge threat to the freedom of the world today. This invasion is an act of barbarism and complete madness. "Putin looks increasingly deranged and unhinged. These are extraordinarily dangerous times and I'm very concerned about what comes next." Mr Gardiner warned: "Putin will follow the invasion with occupation and quite likely ethnic cleansing in Ukraine, as well as mass killing. "We should be prepared for the possibility of Putin setting up concentration camps, and inflicting horrific, horrendous suffering on the Ukrainian people. DON'T MISSBoris Johnson left humiliated after being forced to admit mistake [REACTION]Ukraine fears desperate Putin ready to wipe out 'whole population' [COMMENTS]Ukraine to take Russian language in a Pyrrhic victory for Putin? [EXPLAINER] "He is capable of genocide - he doesn't care at all about human life. "We are looking at savagery and barbarism on an epic scale with Putin, so we cannot underestimate what is happening and what might happen." On Saturday, March 19, the United Nations said it had recorded 847 civilian deaths since the invasion began as well as the injury of 1,399. But in a chilling warning, the UN office said it "believes that the actual figures are considerably higher, especially in Government-controlled territory". It said in a statement: "The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights believes that the actual figures are considerably higher, especially in Government-controlled territory and especially in recent days, as the receipt of information from some locations where intense hostilities have been going on has been delayed and many reports are still pending corroboration. “This concerns, for example, Mariupol and Volnovakha (Donetsk region), Izium (Kharkiv region), Sievierodonetsk and Rubizhne (Luhansk region), and Trostianets (Sumy region), where there are allegations of numerous civilian casualties. "These figures are being further corroborated and are not included in the above statistics.” Around 10 million terrified Ukrainians have fled their own country in fear of the brutal Putin regime, desperately seeking refuge in countries throughout Europe, who are rushing to take them in.