Manchester United legend Gary Neville has named what he thinks is the biggest problem that the club's new manager will have to overcome this summer. United are set to appoint a permanent boss at the end of the season following the completion of Ralf Rangnick's time in interim charge. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are two of the leading candidates for the role. United beat Tottenham 3-2 at Old Trafford on Saturday to pick up a vital three points in their quest to finish in the Premier League top four. A Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick spearheaded the victory over Antonio Conte's side. The Red Devils now sit in fourth place, two points clear of Arsenal but the Gunners have four games in hand. But Neville pointed out clear weaknesses against Spurs in his post-match analysis on Sky Sports. TOP STORY: Chelsea told they could just 'fizzle away' as Merson makes painful Blues admission  The pundit defended Ronaldo, who has received some criticism this season for not having the desired impact on the United squad. He instead says the main issue at the club is in defence and Spurs exposed that on Saturday. "Manchester United’s biggest problem isn’t Cristiano Ronaldo, their defending is absolutely awful," Neville said. "When Tottenham had the ball, not one of them sprints to the ball, last week we saw them give up. DON'T MISS: Arsenal could axe 13 players this summer as Mikel Arteta finalises Emirates clear-out  "The way Spurs could just play with ease, cut through them, the chances they have, every team that comes here creates a bagful of chances." United have spent big on their defence in recent seasons on the likes of Harry Maguire and Raphael Varane but Neville clearly thinks more needs to be done. A new manager may well be appointed by the time the summer transfer window opens in order to bring in his own targets. Neville says his former team-mate Ronaldo created a "magical" moment at Old Trafford but it doesn't take away from United's overall performance.  "They’re not very good, I have to say that," he added. "Second half, the moments in the game are magical, I walked through the lounges to get from the gantry and they’re absolutely buzzing because they’ve seen Cristiano Ronaldo and something special. "But the performance, if Spurs go and score a winner, United fans will be going home saying ‘how bad were we today?’ "But… big moments, big players turn up and that’s sent them home happy."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here