Barcelona are interested in signing Tottenham left-back Sergio Reguilon and could offer two players in a potential swap deal, according to reports. Barca are looking for a long-term replacement for Jordi Alba and Reguilon is on their list of targets. The 25-year-old has started Spurs' last two Premier League matches after a brief spell out of the side. He recently suffered from Covid and lost his place as left wing-back to Ryan Sessegnon. Reguilon joined Tottenham from Real Madrid two summers ago for a fee of £25million. Real have an option to re-sign the player for around £33.5m this summer if they so wish. However, it is Real's El Clasico rivals Barca who are keen on a deal. Spanish outlet Sport says Reguilon is a target for the Nou Camp side. READ MORE: Man Utd already have their own hybrid of 'Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo'  Reguilon still has a contract at Tottenham until 2025, so both clubs are wary a deal may not happen this summer. But Sport claims a swap deal would be most likely if there is movement from Barca. Tottenham are said to like Barca forward Memphis Depay and defender Clement Lenglet and both players could be available. Depay has mostly been used as a substitute of late following the signing of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and reintegration of winger Ousmane Dembele. Meanwhile, Lenglet has started just four La Liga matches all season. Spurs did business with Barca last summer, signing Emerson Royal on transfer deadline day. However, the Brazilian has not found life easy in the Premier League. Matt Doherty has often been preferred at right wing-back of late by manager Antonio Conte. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's four options to replace injured Trent Alexander-Arnold [COMMENT]UEFA deny claims Chelsea will get Real Madrid boost after Champions League draw [NEWS]Arsenal told to sign three Premier League stars in blockbuster summer transfer window [QUOTES]  Former Leeds forward Noel Whelan believes Conte will make Emerson available for transfer this summer. Whelan told Football Insider: "Spurs will be more than willing to let him go. “It really hasn’t worked out. Tottenham are struggling massively with that wing-back role at the moment, and I think Conte has made up his mind on Royal. “There needs to be a reshuffle and a change of personnel for Conte to get what he needs to be successful. The problem for him right now is that he’s using players that three different managers have brought in. “If you can get Royal off the books, then Tottenham will do it. He’s had enough time to prove himself and just hasn’t. Conte wants him out and he will know who he wants to go for. Now he needs to be given that chance.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here