Victims are sent a message asking them to click a link to pay delivery fees for a package that they have missed. Once clicking the link, they are directed to a highly convincing Royal Mail website to put in their bank details to pay their debt. During lockdown, former guide dog trainer Zia Clayton, 47 said using home delivery services “had been an absolute lifeline”. Zia has cerebral palsy and said home delivery is a “very important part of my life at the moment because of my disability.” On average, she used to receive about two deliveries a week. On Rip Off Britain, viewers saw Zia lose over £15,000, money she wanted to use for a house deposit. READ MORE: 'Stop and think' NatWest urges customers to beware common mobile text scam She said: “He was explaining that people that were trying to get on to my account. “Transferring this money will make it safe. “He was very convincing and I did believe him.” Zia made two transfers from two different bank accounts. In total, she transferred £15,360, but only realised she had been scammed once her friend intervened. She added: “I was absolutely devastated and broke down in tears because I knew that I had lost so much money.” Zia immediately contacted her bank to tell them what had happened. One of her banks agreed to refund 50 percent of the money. They returned over £4,500. She continued: “I wanted to put the money towards a house and obviously I can’t do that now. “The lessons that I learned was to be very cautious with text messages and phone numbers that you don’t know. “Just be extra careful.” Luckily Zia had £15,029 refunded to her, however her banks could not reward her the full amount as they believed she did not take the necessary steps to protect herself, however they did apologise and admit they should have questioned the transactions as they were out of character for her. Katherine Hart, lead officer at the Chartered Trading Standards said that this scam has reached “epic proportions”, however there are ways for people to protect themselves. She said: “Don’t click on the links, and then go and have a look at the official websites or ring an official number and clarify. “All the legitimate agencies will be glad to hear from you because nobody wants there branding to be used by these criminals.” The episode aired in May 2021, but as scammers continue to target victims, the warning remains relevant today.