The BBC reporter noted Russia failed to make any significant progress in its attempts to take over Kyiv in over two weeks of the war. He reported Russian officials are defending their strategy, dismissing suggestions their efforts are being hindered by fierce Ukrainian resistance. He conceded the large number of Russian troops engaged in Ukraine may ultimately overcome Kyiv's forces but warned of potentially enormous losses. Mr Gardner told BBC Breakfast: "He spent [the last two years] concocting this plan together with Valery Gerasimov and Sergei Shoigu. "And the advice that he got from the FSB, from his intelligence agency was, 'you'll be welcomed with open arms, it'll all be over in a few days, you'll take Kyiv and Ukraine will come back into Moscow's orbit.' "And that hasn't happened. "They've met far more resistance...we keep being told by Russian officials that this is going according to plan." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Mr Gardner continued: "Well, it's a pretty awful plan because the advance, the progress is very slow. "It may, in the end, I'm sorry to say, be irresistible, the sheer numbers that Russia has put into this. "And its willingness to decimate Ukrainian cities means that it will quite possibly prevail but at what cost?" New satellite imagery showed a 40-mile convoy previously stuck outside of Kyiv had resumed its advance, with tanks breaking away from the main road to shelter armoured vehicles in the woods. READ MORE: Russia 'does not understand trouble it is in' after Ukraine secures game-changing weapon Maxar Technologies said images show armored units maneuvering in and through the surrounding towns close to the airport. The US company said images also show convoy elements further north have repositioned near Lubyanka with towed artillery howitzers in firing positions nearby. And Russia extended the range of its missile attacks to western areas of Ukraine, reportedly targeting Dnipro, Lutsk, and Ivano-Frankivsk overnight. Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov said that Russian forces had destroyed 3,213 Ukrainian military installations since the launch of what Russia calls a "special military operation" in Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Heart-stopping moment brave Ukrainians defuse Russian bomb [VIDEO]War images show Putin's barbarity to whole world [EXPRESS COMMENT]Royal Family LIVE: Harry reconnects with key figure [LIVE BLOG] President Volodymyr Zelensky said that not a single civilian had been able to leave Mariupol although Ukrainian authorities had managed to evacuate almost 40,000 people from five other cities. Residents have been cowering under fire for more than a week and tried to arrange a local ceasefire and safe passage out have failed repeatedly. Mr Zelensky blamed Moscow shelling for the failure of the evacuation attempt from Mariupol, claiming civilians had been targeted as they sought to evacuate West. But Russia has blamed Ukraine for the collapse of humanitarian corridors and denies targeting civilians. Moscow has so far refused to budge from its position that it is conducting a "special operation" to disarm Ukraine and unseat leaders it calls neo-Nazis.