Pundits on heavily regulated Russian TV warned of “World War 3” if NATO attempted to launch a peacekeeping effort in Ukraine. One said such a move would be a “de facto declaration of war”. Vladimir Putin and his apparatchiks have fuelled fears of an all-out nuclear conflict between Russia and the West since troops entered Ukraine over a month ago. On Wednesday, March 23, Russia’s deputy ambassador to the UN, Dmitry Polyanskiy, issued a chilling warning to Western nations, stating that if Russia were “attacked” or “provoked” by NATO, “we are a nuclear power, why not?” Asked by Sky News at the UN in New York whether he thought that was a legitimate claim, he added: “I don't think it's the right thing to be saying. “But it's not the right thing to threaten Russia, and to try to interfere. So when you're dealing with a nuclear power, of course, you have to calculate all the possible outcomes of your behaviour.”  READ MORE: West warns Putin of 'severe consequences' if he deploys nuclear weapon The previous day, Putin’s spokesperson said that the Russian President could use nuclear weapons to see off an “existential threat”. Now, on top of international political statements, the Russian people are being briefed by the Kremlin about the possibility of a nuclear war. According to translations by our sister paper the Daily Star, Olga Skabeyeva, host of 60 Minutes on the Russian state-owned Rossiya 1 channel, said that if NATO members sent peacekeepers to Ukraine “this will represent a direct clash between the armed forces of Russia and NATO”. She added: “And how this collision will end is probably not worth explaining […] This is called World War Three.” Military expert Colonel Yury Knutov made similar remarks on the Kremlin-controlled Channel 1. He said: “If there are any sane people left in NATO, they will not approve [a peacekeeping] operation [in Ukraine]. “Why? Because [a collective] NATO decision will mean a de facto declaration of war on Russia.” Col Knutov continued: “This would be a Casus belli, meaning war between Russia and NATO. DON'T MISSThousands of Britons plunged into 'total darkness' [INSIGHT]UK troops graves daubed with Russian Z symbol [REPORT]Putin has legs cut from beneath him as Russian morale 'shockingly low' [REVEAL] “To win this war, whether we like it or not, we will have to use tactical nuclear weapons in the theatre of operations. “This will then entail the use of powerful strategic nuclear weapons […] which means universal nuclear war.” Putin already heightened nuclear tensions shortly after invading Ukraine, putting Russia’s nuclear capabilities on “special alert” on February 27. He claimed the move was in response to “aggressive statements” made by the NATO alliance, which had reacted with outrage to the invasion. The day after troops moved in on Ukraine, NATO leaders said in a statement that it was a “terrible strategic mistake, for which Russia will pay a severe price, both economically and politically, for years to come”. Russia further raised alarm when it said that any countries which might allow Ukraine to use its airfields for attack runs – including nearby NATO countries – would be counted as belligerents. On Tuesday, March 22, Dmitry Peskov, Putin’s spokesperson, refused three times on CNN to rule out the possibility of Putin using a nuclear weapon as part of the conflict. He said that the Russian President was allowed to use the forces at his disposal to see off an “existential threat”. Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby called out Mr Peskov’s remarks as “dangerous”, adding that it was “not the way a responsible nuclear power should act”.