Marcelo Bielsa broke down in tears as he addressed Leeds’ squad for the final time, according to reports. The iconic former Whites boss was dismissed on Sunday following a disastrous run of results.   Bielsa leaves Leeds as a legendary figure among the Elland Road faithful. In 2020, he helped guide the club back to the Premier League for the first time since 2004. Leeds then recorded a very respectable ninth-place finish in their maiden campaign back in the top-flight. But it has not been a successful season for the Yorkshire side. Bielsa’s reign ended following a 4-0 defeat by Tottenham on Saturday. That result came after a 6-0 drubbing by Liverpool and a 4-2 defeat against rivals Manchester United.   JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp offers Thiago injury update and return date The 66-year-old’s four-year tenure was ended on Sunday but he was allowed to return to the club’s Thorp Arch training base – which he helped develop – to say his goodbyes. The Daily Telegraph reports that Bielsa was in tears as he addressed the squad for the final time. He then departed and signed autographs for fans outside the club’s base. Bielsa developed strong relationships with his players, in particular the core of the group with whom he won promotion to the Premier League. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Midfielder Kalvin Phillips and striker Patrick Bamford both shared touching tributes to the former Athletic Bilbao boss. Leeds moved quickly to appoint the former RB Leipzig head coach Jesse Marsch in a bid to secure top-flight safety in their final 12 matches. The American has said he holds similar beliefs to Bielsa that will allow for a seamless transition between the two eras. “My respect for Marcelo Bielsa is massive. I’ve watched him for years. He has such a unique playing style and has a lot of the things I believe in, in football,” Marsch told Sky Sports. “My principles are similar to the things that he believes and does. I have followed very popular managers almost everywhere I have gone – there are challenges to that.   DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Tuchel erupts at reporter over Abramovich questionChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel explains Mason Mount reaction after missesBarcelona in 'Dembele contract twist' amid Man Utd and Chelsea links “For me, this is about focusing on who I am, what I believe the job takes, and what I think is necessary for the team. “I have a lot of similarities to the playing style of Marcelo Bielsa, in terms of the aggressiveness, the intensity and the run performances. “I’m not man-to-man, I’m more zonal or ball-orientated. With the ball, I have a few other tactical ideas. “Transforming the group, because of the way they think and act on the field, won’t be a huge transfer [from Bielsa]. It will only require little adjustments.”   