HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) reports that the Government raked in an extra £700million in IHT receipts between April 2021 and January 2022. Experts believe this staggering rise in inheritance tax takings is primarily due to inflation within the property market and the Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s decision to freeze the threshold. Overall, data from HMRC has revealed that £5billion was collected from taxpayers over this window of time. This increase of £700million is 14 percent higher than the previous period the year before. Inheritance tax is levied on someone’s estate after they die, which includes their money, possessions and property. Currently, IHT is charged at 40 percent on assets which are passed on to an individual’s loved ones after their death. Taxpayers can leave up to £325,000 in cash or assets tax-free. Furthermore, they are also able to get an additional £175,000 allowance on their home if they are leaving it to their children. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Usually, under the nil-rate band, estates are not liable for inheritance tax. This threshold rises in line with inflation, but Mr Sunak froze the tax relief at £325,000 until April 2026 to cover the cost of the coronavirus pandemic. Darran Harrison, a wealth planner at Kingswood, broke down what the latest HMRC figures mean for households when it comes to IHT. He highlighted the £700million increase in inheritance tax receipts compared to the same period a year earlier. Mr Harrison continued: “The Government data showed £5.0billion collected between April 2021 and January 2022, a 14 percent increase on the same period a year earlier. DON'T MISS  “The latest figures showed a record high average UK house price of £288,000, an increase of 9.8 percent on the year.” The tax expert also emphasised how the freeze of the nil rate band has led to an exponential increase in inheritance tax receipts. He explained: “Another key factor behind the latest hike in IHT receipts is likely to be the fact that both the nil rate band and residence nil rate band have been frozen until at least  April 2026, resulting in many families receiving increased IHT bills as more estates are brought into scope on the back of rising property and share prices. “This tax year, you can pass on £175,000 of your property tax-free, which is effectively doubled to £350,000 when combined with the allowance of your spouse or civil partner. “That's layered on top of your inheritance tax allowance - or nil rate band - of £325,000, meaning it is possible to pass on £1million inheritance free as a couple. Any above this is taxed at 40 percent.” Shaun Moore, tax and financial planning expert at wealth management firm Quilter, emphasised how inheritance tax is not just for “wealthier in Mr Moore said: “Sustained property price growth and asset price inflation has pushed up the value of estates, meaning higher IHT receipts for the government. “IHT was once viewed as a tax on wealthier individuals, but the reality is that the average UK property is only £50,288 short of the standard nil-rate band. “With the nil rate band frozen until 2026 and house prices still on the up, many more people could face a hefty IHT bill.”