The Prince of Wales, 73, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, 74, kicked off their four-day visit to the island of Ireland this week. On Tuesday the couple visited Northern Ireland as part of the celebrations to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The pair were welcomed by 300 schoolchildren as they arrived in Cookstown, County Tyrone. Later, Charles and Camilla dropped in on the Superstars Café charity, which works with people with learning disabilities to help boost their employment prospects. During the visit, the couple enjoyed a dance performance and rode on a special tandem bicycle. The last two days of Charles and Camilla’s trip are to be spent in the Republic of Ireland, which they last visited in 2019. For the Prince, visiting Ireland is especially poignant, as it is where his mentor Lord Mountbatten was assassinated by the IRA. Lord Mountbatten, known by friends and family as “Dickie”, was the Queen’s second cousin and Prince Philip’s uncle. On August 27, 1979, the former Navy admiral was blown up during a fishing trip with his family off Mullaghmore, County Sligo, when a bomb planted by Thomas McMahon on their Shadow V boat was detonated. The party of seven included Lord Mountbatten’s grandson Timothy Knatchbull, his daughter Patricia and her husband, Lord John Brabourne, who all somehow survived the blast. JUST IN: Leave selfless pair alone! Prince Harry and Meghan Markle mocked after Oscars 'coup' claim However, his other grandson Nicholas, family friend Paul Maxwell and Baroness Brabourne were killed. In 2015, Charles delivered a moving speech about the tragedy as he visited the seaside village of Mullaghmore. He said: “In August 1979, my much-loved great uncle, Lord Mountbatten, was killed alongside his young grandson and my godson, Nicholas, and his friend, Paul Maxwell, and Nicholas's grandmother, the Dowager Lady Brabourne. “At the time I could not imagine how we would come to terms with the anguish of such a deep loss since, for me, Lord Mountbatten represented the grandfather I never had. “So, it seemed as if the foundations of all that we held dear in life had been torn apart irreparably. “Through this dreadful experience, though, I now understand in a profound way the agonies borne by so many others in these islands, of whatever faith, denomination or political tradition.” The Prince also addressed Britain and Ireland’s shared history and the Troubles in Northern Ireland. He said: “We need no longer be victims of our difficult history with each other. “Without glossing over the pain of the past, we can, I believe, integrate our history and memory in order to reap their subtle harvest of possibility. “Imagination, after all, is the mother of possibility. DON'T MISS: 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches after awkward photo moment [LATEST]Kate Middleton and Prince William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy thunderstorms’ [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Are Commonwealth countries waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [ANALYSIS] “Let us, then, endeavour to become the subjects of our history and not its prisoners.” Charles was known to share a close bond with Lord Mountbatten, with their relationship portrayed in Netflix’s fictional royal drama, ‘The Crown’. The Prince said he first remembered meeting his great-uncle at the age of five during a trip to Malta. Lord Mountbatten also later gave Charles marriage advice, encouraging him to have fun before settling down. His words are understood to have influenced the heir to the throne. In a real letter to Charles, Lord Mountbatten wrote: “In a case like yours, the man should sow his wild oats and have as many affairs as he can before settling down, but for a wife he should choose a suitable, attractive, and sweet-charactered girl before she has met anyone else she might fall for.”