Grant Shapps labelled the P&O boss "brazen" and "arrogant" after the millionaire company owner admitted he "chose" to break the law by laying off 800 staff members with no notice. As Shapps called for Hebblethwaite to resign on BBC Breakfast and criticised him for not following the required procedures, viewers became furious that Shapps had previously defended Boris Johnson's government after it was found he broke several lockdown-related laws. "I think he should go," Shapps told Derbyshire on Friday's BBC Breakfast. "He should resign?" Derbyshire asked the transport secretary. "He should," he replied, adding: "The idea that you come to parliament, you admit that you deliberately set out to break the law - so it's not some sort of accident or mistake - in order to sack your staff and bring in below minimum wage people and that you're buying off the staff to do that is quite simply unacceptable. "They've exploited loopholes, they've been completely disgraceful and I'm clear that is no way to behave." READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? Derbyshire asked Shapps: "What are you going to do, then?" "I'm going to come to parliament next week with a package of measures, it should be said the law is very, very complex in this area, because it crisscrosses with international maritime law, with domestic law, law about employment, law bout maritime," he replied. "So there are about eight different measures that we're going to be taking. "I'm afraid that P&O have got themselves into one heck of a mess, here - they are going to have to U-turn, they're going to have to re-employ people on at east minimum wages." Soon after his comments, many of those tuned into the BBC interview took to social media to challenge the MP. Twitter user @linnea_1987 wrote: "Is Shapps serious right now? Demanding that the boss of P&O should resign for being 'brazen' in Parliament for breaking the law. "What a hypocrite! Look around Shapps, look at YOUR boss and colleagues. Don't expect people to act better when those in Parliament don't. #BBCBreakfast." Adrian Gosling joked: "Victoria Derbyshire: 'Grant Shapps, what did you make of the evidence from Peter Hebblethwaite yesterday?' "Grant Shapps: 'Brazen, breathtaking arrogance...we immediately offered him a job in the Tory party' #BBCBreakfast." DON'T MISS... EastEnders star Letitia Dean’s transformation leaves fans stunned [REACTION]The Apprentice candidate talks 'making history' in final [EXCLUSIVE]More Commonwealth countries will LEAVE over 'polarising' Charles [LATEST] Di Harrison asked: "Anyone find it hypocritical that @grantshapps is going on about intentionally breaking the law, and exploiting loopholes? Does he forget his boss is the one and only @BorisJohnson? #BBCBreakfast." "Grant Shapps: People who deliberately break the law should be sacked... unless they went to Eton...#PandO #JohnsonOut60 #bbcqt #BBCBreakfast," @the1emvee commented. Erasmo Recchioni chimed: "'Brazen breathtaking arrogance' 'Yes but what about P&O?' #BBCBreakfast." @sdoddsy penned: "‘Brazen, breathtaking arrogance, admitting you’re a liar’ - Grant Shapps inadvertently describing Boris Johnson in his #BBCBreakfast interview. "He’s got some nerve saying #PandO use sneaky tactics - that’s the Tory Party through and through. Laughable." Sean Davids remarked: "Oh Grant Shapps. If only we lived in a world where people resigned if they broke the law. #bbcbreakfast #r4today." "Michael Green/Grant Shapps accuses CEO of P&O of brazen arrogance. Pots and kettles #BBCBreakfast," Simon Alock wrote. Barry French fumed: "Unbelievable by @grantshapps #BBCBreakfast A man openly admits he broke the law and would do so again, but the minister thinks the CEO should ‘step down’. "No, he should be arrested! The likes of Shapps are all what is wrong with his country. A disgrace!" (sic) BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.