Manchester United legend Wayne Rooney has brutally taken aim at former team-mates Cristiano Ronaldo and Rio Ferdinand. The England international won trophies galore playing alongside the pair. But, now he’s retired, he’s shared what he really thinks about the duo. Rooney signed for Manchester United back in the summer transfer window of 2004, leaving Everton after he’d taken the European Championships by storm. And he went on to become a legend at Old Trafford, overtaking Sir Bobby Charlton to become their highest-ever scorer while also propelling the club to five Premier League titles. During his time at United, Rooney played alongside Premier League legends in the forms of Ferdinand and Ronaldo. Ferdinand was already at the club by the time the current Derby boss arrived, having moved from Leeds two years previously. And so too was Ronaldo, who had transferred from Sporting Lisbon 12 months previously to fill the void left behind by David Beckham’s move to Real Madrid. Now, speaking to The Sun at a black-tie dinner event on Saturday night, Rooney has opened up on Ronaldo and Ferdinand. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he’s now held back with his assessment of the pair, branding the Portugal international as ‘annoying’ while calling Ferdinand ‘arrogant’. He said: “Cristiano was so good and so f****** annoying at the same time. “He is probably not as good now but he is probably just as annoying.” Rooney’s comments were made in jest but it was clear he still harboured some bad feelings about the issue he had with Ronaldo at the 2006 World Cup. While playing for England, the Derby dos received a red card - with his Portuguese counterpart playing a big role in that incident. And Rooney added: “He likes diving. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “I had no issue with Cristiano whatsoever. I spoke to him in the tunnel. “I said, ‘I have no issue with you getting me sent off’, because I’d spent the first half trying to get him booked for diving. “I am English, he is Portuguese. “When we are playing I do not give a f*** about him. He is not my mate. But when we have finished, we are mates again.” On Ferdinand, Rooney said: “Rio is a top player, but he is just arrogant. “You get paid a lot of money at Man United to kick the ball into the net, so just do it. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “I said: ‘Do your job, and give me the ball, give Ronaldo the ball. Stop standing there messing about.’ Rio is a top lad but he sometimes did forget he was a defender.” Carlos Tevez also came in for criticism, with Rooney branding the Argentina international as the ‘biggest disappointment’. Tevez won two league titles in two years at United before doing the unthinkable by joining Manchester City in 2009. And Rooney said: “For two years I loved playing with him. “I used to pick him up from his house for Champions League games and drive him to the airport. “We’d play the game and come back. And, honestly, I spoke to him for 30 minutes, and I had no idea what is coming out of his mouth. “He is just mumbling. I am not a great speaker and I am thinking, ‘F****** hell. He is mumbling and nothing, nothing’. “I was devastated, it was the biggest disappointment of my life.” Rooney also revealed he himself was arrogant during his younger days, confessing to swearing when he first learned Sir Alex Ferguson wanted to snap him up. He added: “Sir Alex ­Ferguson tried to sign me when I was 14. He was on the phone to my mum and dad. “They said, ‘Alex is on the phone, Manchester United want to sign you’. I said, ‘Tell him to f*** off. I want to play for Everton’. “Then, as time went on, I knew I had to play for Alex Ferguson. The reason I signed for United was Alex Ferguson.”