Justin Trudeau joined leaders from across the world, including Boris Johnson. Thursday was considered a busy day for the West with NATO, EU and G7 summits all held in the Belgian capital. However, the Canadian Prime Minister touched down in Europe for a two-day visit and was subject to a stinging attack during a visit to the European Parliament on Wednesday. Christine Anderson, a German MEP from the far-right AfD grouping, took the opportunity to challenge Mr Trudeau as he addressed parliamentarians in the Brussels bloc. In a post on Twitter, Ms Anderson claimed she took the opportunity to give the Canadian Prime Minister an "appropriate welcome". During the clip attached to the post, the AfD MEP said: "Based on article 195, I would like to point out that it would have been appropriate for Mr Trudeau, Prime Minister of Canada, to address this house, according to article 144. JUST IN: 'Partisan witch hunt!' Donald Trump hits back after prosecutor resigns in felony row "An article, which was specifically designed to debate the violations of human rights, democracy, and the rule of law which is clearly the case with Mr Trudreau. "Then again, a Prime Minister, who openly admires the Chinese ‘basic dictatorship’, who tramples on fundamental rights by persecuting and criminalising his own citizens as terrorists, just because they dared to stand up to his perverted concept of democracy, should not be allowed to speak in this House at all." She added: "Mr Trudeau, you are a disgrace for any democracy. "Please spare us your presence. Thank you." READ MORE: Donald Trump SUES Hillary Clinton for 'crippling' presidential race with 'false narrative' Several MEPs led in applauding Ms Anderson as the German MEP returned to her seat. Trudeau's criticism in Brussels comes just days after he was dealt a boost in Ottawa after his minority Liberal Government reached a deal with the New Democratic Party which will keep him in power until 2025. In exchange, Mr Trudeau agreed to lend Liberal support to the left-leaning NDP on key policy areas. Speaking about the confidence and supply agreement, the Canadian Prime Minister said: "What this means is that during this uncertain time, the government can function with predictability and stability, present and implement budgets and get things done for Canadians." DON'T MISS: Putin warned military 'f*** up' will leave Russia defenceless [INSIGHT] 'Remainiacs' savaged after major EU players 'admonished' by Zelensky [REACTION] Blackford accused of 'playing into Putin's hands' on independence [ANALYSIS] Confidence and supply partner Jagmeet Singh warned the deal could still collapse if the Liberals fail to keep their end of the bargain. The NDP leader said: "If they [the Liberals] fall short on what we've agreed, then the deal doesn't continue."