Robert Rinder, 43, has met with his Strictly partner Oksana Platero’s grandparents after they spent a week trying to flee war-torn Ukraine as Russian attacks continue to cause devastation. The barrister arrived at the Polish Ukraine border and confirmed on Monday that the elders had finally made it across. He shared a photograph of Oksana's grandparents and told his 191,000 followers: “Oksana’s grandma is 95. She spent a week fleeing Russian shelling and FINALLY crossed the Polish border with no wheelchair, food or medical supplies but she is resolute and strong. “She remembers the last war and knows that ‘ultimately, they will return home and tyranny will fail’.” Dozens took to the comments to share their delight that Oksana’s relatives had made it out of Ukraine safely. Kath said: “Strength of character and resilience right there. Just so wish she didn't have to go through this at her stage in life.” READ MORE:Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert Louise added: “This makes me emotional, no one should see a war but not twice in your life. At such a great age, it shows how much resilience people can have. Thank god they are safe!” And Gilly penned: “Remarkable lady. The fact she has gone through this at such an age is heartbreaking, but she is safe and well. I wish the family all the best for the future.” Judge Rinder then shared a link to a GoFundMe page organised by Oksana. In a message from Oksana and her cousin Kateryna, the dancer pleaded with people to donate money to help with accommodation, food and medical attention. The message, which was written before Oksana’s grandparents crossed the Ukrainian border, read: “My mother, my 10-year-old brother, and Kateryna’s sister, left their home the morning of March 2 and arrived to safety March 6. As you can imagine, the journey there was brutal but all that matters is that they made it, and they are safe. “The rest of our family, which includes our three grandparents, two who are not able to walk, and Kateryna’s mom and dad, are still in danger as they are currently still trying to escape. “What's next is for them is unclear, unpredictable, and terrifying. “This is where we’d like to ask for any support as they spend their time away from home. They will be in need of accommodations, food, and medical attention for quite some time. We are raising money to send to them and keep them in good hands. Anything you can do to help would be much appreciated.” DON'T MISS'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown[LATEST]Phillip Schofield 'gutted' as host breaks silence on Holly's absence[INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC[NEWS] Robert and Oksana competed together on the 2016 series of Strictly Come Dancing and made it to the quarter-finals. On Friday, Ukrainian-born Oksana broke down in tears after she detailed the horrific situation in the country. Speaking to Judge Rinder on TalkRadio, she explained: “I spoke with them several hours ago, they were on the border. They were trying to cross. "But they were turned around because my uncle who is the driver of the car that they are in and he is helping with them with everything you know - its three grandparents ages between 75 and 90 years old, two of them cannot walk at all. “He’s the only one who can physically help him. Without him, they can’t make it.” Robert then vowed to help Oksana and do everything he could to help. He wrote on Twitter: “Oksana Platero my Ukrainian dance partner on @bbcstrictly gifted me so much. Right now her grandparents are a week into their struggle to find sanctuary in a safe country. “I’ll be trying to meet them on the border next week. They’re just a few of the millions who need us.”