In a vicious blow to Nicola Sturgeon's leadership, the Brexit minister slammed the SNP as he claimed it does not work in the interests of the Scots. During the Constitutional Affairs Committee, SNP MP for Inverclyde Ronnie Cowan asked if Jacob Rees-Mogg would respect the Nat-led Scottish Government. He said: "If you're going to work as part of this common framework harmoniously then surely at least in public you can tend to be respectful of the Scottish Government?" Mr Rees-Mogg replied: "No because it’s led by an SNP administration that I think is not in the interests of the people of Scotland. "I think poor people of Scotland would be much better off with a Conservative government – ditto Wales – of course I think that." He added: "When Mrs Sturgeon stands up and says Boris Johnson is the greatest leader this country has ever had, I will start saying nice things about the Scottish Government. "When the SNP starts saying how marvellous the Conservative Government is, and how brilliantly led it is, and how inspired it is, then we might have a different tone." READ MORE: David Davis claims 'pushback plan' can solve Channel crossing crisis It comes as SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford has indicated the war in Ukraine should not result in plans for a second Scottish independence referendum being pushed back. His comments came as a former senior member of staff within the SNP claimed it is "unlikely" a ballot on Scotland's future in the UK will take place within Nicola Sturgeon's preferred timeframe. The Scottish First Minister has repeatedly said her intention is to hold another referendum by the midway point in this Holyrood term - although the UK Government remains against such plans. Kevin Pringle, who was a special adviser to former first minister Alex Salmond and held key roles within the SNP and the Yes Scotland campaign, said it is "unlikely" there will be a fresh vote on the issue by the end of next year "given the hurdles to be overcome". Writing in the Sunday Times, Mr Pringle said: "It is unwise to make any definite predictions in such volatile times, but it seems reasonable to say out loud that an independence referendum is unlikely to take place by the end of next year, given the hurdles to be overcome and extensive preparations required. "I don't think the war in Ukraine has changed this, in the sense that it was no more likely before the Russian invasion and all the destruction and instability being wreaked." However Mr Blackford is insistent that the conflict in Ukraine should not delay plans for indyref2. Speaking on BBC Scotland's Sunday Show, he said: "Is anybody suggesting that (Russian President Vladimir) Putin should determine the timeline for an independence referendum in Scotland?" DON'T MISS Mystic Meg' Boris slaps down Ian Blackford with brutal put down [INSIGHT]Sturgeon blasted over £240m ferries that may never sail [ANALYSIS]Brown’s Scottish independence challenge could hand SNP win [VIDEO] The SNP MP pointed out his party had fought last year's Scottish Parliament election on a manifesto which included a commitment to holding a second vote on independence. The SNP failed to win an outright majority at Holyrood, but Green MSPs - who also back another referendum - mean there is a majority for such a vote in the Scottish Parliament. Mr Blackford said: "We fought an election last year, which the SNP won, we now have an agreement with the Greens, there's a majority for independence." Mr Pringle however cautioned that pushing to hold a vote by the end of next year could result in the SNP's goal of increasing support for independence being "undermined". He said: "A referendum is a means to an end, nothing more. If the Scottish Government pursues it within a tight 2023 timescale that people are uncomfortable with, even assuming it doesn't happen then, the task of building support for independence itself may be undermined."