Sunday night proved devastating for Power fans, as main cast member Gabrielle Ryan ended her run as Gloria in a brutal fashion. With just two episodes of the new Starz series to go, fans are still reeling from the shocking twist, and are demanding for Tommy Egan (played by Joseph Sikora) and Vic Flynn (Shane Harper) to take action. Power fans were distraught when bar-owner and Vic’s girlfriend Gloria was killed off after just eight episodes. Gloria was introduced to the world of Power when Tommy set up shop in Chicago at the start of his new spin-off series, Book IV: Force. Although she had a brief fling with the new arrival, Gloria was already wrapped up with Irish crime family prince, Vic, much to the dismay of his father, Walter Flynn (Tommy Flanagan). In Sunday night’s episode of Force, rival crime lord Rodovan Mirkovic (Konstantin Lavysh) retaliated after Vic took down three of his men earlier in the series. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Tragically, Gloria was caught in the crossfire after she and Vic were rammed by a truck and mowed down by the driver’s machine gun. Vic pushed Gloria down to defend themselves, but he acted a split second too late; Gloria had been shot in the face moments after they had professed their love for each other. Viewers were naturally distraught by the heartbreaking final twist of episode eight and took to Twitter to lament the injustice of Gloria’s death. Twitter user Greek God said: “Vic is just senseless, let his emotions get the best of him, now Gloria is dead for nothing.” Broke Russel Wilson implored the show’s producer, 50 Cent: “You didn't have to take Gloria out this early.” And Huss cried: “Damn they really got rid of Gloria quick… not even a full season.” Many more fans finished the episode furious at Vic for not listening to Tommy’s advice. Knowing Mirkovic was out for the Flynns’ blood, Tommy gave Vic an untraceable car so he and Gloria could skip town undetected. DON'T MISS:Gordon Ramsay: Contestant ‘nearly injured’ in daring challenge [INSIGHT]The Gilded Age star shares fears for George Russell [INTERVIEW]NCIS LA season 13 theory: Hanna betrayal in undercover op? [THEORY] However, Vic instead elected to use his own car, meaning Mirkovic was easily able to track them down. Tuyishime Jeremie wrote: “F**k it’s getting hot every episode, Gloria went so soon. Vic should have taken Tommy’s car.” Kanarian said: “I bet Vic wished he listened to Tommy because Gloria would be alive if they left in the right car. This is going to get ugly, real ugly.” And Royal Ambition fumed: “So Gloria caught a blicky all because you took a car YOU KNEW was traceable Vic?! I was rooting for you.” Meanwhile, Tommy himself Joseph Sikora reacted to his co-star’s short-lived time on the series coming to an end with his latest Instagram post. He wrote: “GUTTED. One of my favourite people on the planet. @msgabrielleryan is truly one of a kind. Love you Gabs. Your beauty is only matched by your talent.” Fans who are already missing Gabrielle’s work on the series can check out Joseph’s new post, which features plenty of snaps of the star from behind the scenes. Power Book IV: Force season 1 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK.