Desperate families turning up to Calais or to visa application centres throughout northern Europe have been asked to fill in complicated online forms, travel to distant visa offices, and fill in the same forms again. To them this must feel disorganised and uncaring, but it seems to me it’s the system getting in the way, not people's will or desire to help. In the past week, the British public’s views on how we should treat refugees fleeing their homes in terror and desperation have been broadcast loud and clear through words and deeds. From the people calling our phone lines to offer money, help and even their homes to families in need, to those who have given millions to our appeal, the desire to help is noticeably out of step with the small number – less than a thousand - of Ukrainians who have so far secured visas to join family in the UK. Less than a thousand of the more than two million people who have now fled Ukraine. The Red Cross have launched a Europe-wide operation to provide shelter and essential items to people who are clearly traumatised by what they’ve been through and the homes and loved-ones they’ve had to leave behind. British Red Cross supporters have raised millions to help, and we stand ready to play our part in helping people, when they reach the UK. But while we welcome the package of measures set out by the UK government to allow some people displaced from Ukraine to join family in the UK and others to apply for humanitarian sponsorship, we are yet to see words backed up with action. A week on from the announcement of a humanitarian sponsorship scheme no detail has emerged. It’s a similar story with the new scheme to allow Ukrainians to join family members in the UK. Desperate families turning up to Calais or to visa application centres throughout northern Europe have been met by long delays, empty offices and a struggle to get basic information. Yesterday's announcement that the Government will ease security checks for those, with passports, applying through the family scheme is welcome, but they’ll still need a visa. In our view, the simplest way of fixing this quickly is to remove visa requirements for Ukrainians who want to come here, at least temporarily, in line with the actions of countries across Europe. As the announcement confirms, security checks can still be carried out as someone travels and before they enter the UK. On a wider point I am, like many, interested in the reaction to this crisis and what it tells us about how we would wish to be treated if faced with a similar situation. People seem to have realised how thin a line there is between a peaceful, “ordinary” life, and the loss of everything you hold dear. And in that moment of connection and empathy, we’re also learning what we would and wouldn’t find acceptable, if we too needed help. People understand something we’ve seen for years, that when someone is fleeing danger, they need a safe way to escape, clarity on their next steps, quick and fair decisions from authorities, and to be with their loved ones again. And if we think the Ukrainians wanting to come to the UK should have that, then surely those should be the principles applied to any refugee, regardless of where in the world they’ve fled from. Sadly, we know from our work supporting refugees in the UK that people going through our immigration and asylum system often face long delays, poor-decision-making and prolonged separation from their families. The British Red Cross supports hundreds of families to reunite each year, but we also see parents and children kept apart because they don’t fit within the narrow criteria of the UK’s refugee family reunion rules. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Home Office have acknowledged this is a problem too this week, by changing the rules to more fairly reflect the make-up of Ukrainian families (and let’s face it all families), to ensure that parents can be together with adult children and grandparents and that siblings can be together too. This makes complete sense emotionally and financially. This is why we’re so worried about the changes proposed by the Nationality and Borders Bill, to be voted on within weeks. If it passes as proposed, the situation will actually be much worse because at its heart, the Bill is designed to treat refugees differently, depending on actions they take in moments of desperation. We’re seeing now how complicated it is to seek safety in the UK, how wrong that feels, the lengths people will go to and the risks they’ll take when a simple or safe route is not available to them. Once this bill becomes law, anyone fleeing conflict, and that would include people from Ukraine, who became desperate enough to enter the UK without the correct permission would automatically be given less support and opportunities to rebuild their lives here. Worse still, if you found yourself in that position, you could be sent half-way around the world to be processed in an “off-shore” centre or deemed a ‘group 2’ refugee with limited rights to basic support or to bring your family to join you. In effect, you’d be punished for not having been able to get on one of the government’s schemes. As the bill enters its final parliamentary stages, the government still has an opportunity to change course and create a more compassionate, fair and efficient asylum system. One that better reflects our society’s values and views on how we’d want to be treated if this were happening to us. As we watch the horrific images of families having to leave their homes, their loved ones, and their past lives behind them, it’s the very least we can do.