Inefficient boilers can prevent the home from heating effectively, meaning it’ll work harder to heat the space. With energy prices set to soar, it is more important than ever to ensure boilers and heating systems are working properly. Boiler experts at City Plumbing have shared exactly how households can check their boilers. They explained: “Check the pressure…boilers can lose pressure over time for a number of reasons, most of which are nothing to worry about. “But if it drops too far, your boiler could stop working correctly. “Check your boiler’s built-in pressure gauge to see if you’re suffering from low pressure. A reading below one suggests there is a problem and could be due to a system leak, recently bled radiators or a failed component. “A reading of around three indicates there’s too much pressure. Low boiler pressure can be rectified by following your manufacturer’s instructions in repressing, while pressure could be relieved by bleeding your radiators. READ MORE: Prepare the grass for ‘healthy growth’ now by weeding and aerating “Both fixes can be carried out if you feel comfortable, however if you’re in any doubt, you should leave the repair to a gas safe registered engineer." If a gas leak is discovered, households need to contact 0800 111 999. Calling the National Gas Emergency Service number is an important step when suspecting a gas leak. The number operates 24/7 and is free to call. DON'T MISS:Co-living: The new way of renting with Folk at The Palm House [PICTURES]Mrs Hinch fans share how to use 2p coin to ‘dissolve’ limescale [COMMENT]Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt [INSIGHT] Signs of a gas leak in the home is the smell of sulphur as well as a hissing or whistling sound near a gas line. If the boiler isn’t coming on when expected, the boiler clock could be to blame. According to the experts, problems with the boiler clock are “incredibly easy” to solve and couple stop the boiler from working properly. The experts said: “Possible reasons for issues with the boiler clock include: the clocks have gone backwards or forwards recently and put your system out of sync and power cuts could be another key reason. “Check the time on your boiler is correct and adjust it if not. “If the clock appears to be up to date but your boiler still isn’t coming on when it should, it could be that your thermostat isn’t connected with the timer.” The experts also advised households to book a boiler safety check every 12 months. The more regular checks the boiler gets, the lower repair costs will be. According to a Which? 2021 boiler reliability survey, out of 8,000 boiler owners, seven out of 10 found appliances that had been serviced annually had never needed a repair. The boiler experts said: “It’s a no brainer as most boilers experiencing problems are fixable because the spare parts are so readily available.” Sometimes high and unexpected bills could be a sign that the boiler is experiencing issues. If the problem is really bad, it could even be time for a new boiler. City Plumbing explained: “It can be handy to know some of the warning signs that your boiler may be on the brink. “Higher bills are a sure tell-tale sign because damaged boilers don’t run as efficiently. While this may be harder to track as energy prices ramp up, by keeping track of your kWh usage, you will be able to see any steady rises. “This information should be provided on your bills, or can be easily tracked with a smart meter. “Frequent breakdowns are the other sure giveaway that you may need a replacement boiler. If you have been experiencing either of these problems consistently, it makes sense to get a qualified engineer out to check your boiler immediately. “They will be able to advise you whether your boiler can be repaired, or if it needs to be replaced entirely. “The cost of a new boiler isn’t ideal, but it is something which may be a long-term cost-saving against regular repairs.”