Following the death of King George V in 1936, his son and heir ascended the throne as King Edward VIII. But Edward's tenure on the throne would last less than a year, ending in an abdication crisis that rocked the monarchy on an unprecedented scale. But Edward's adoration for Wallis Simpson remained steadfast and, despite the significant sacrifices both had made for their relationship, they were married until Edward's death in 1972. Wallis Simpson was an American socialite, and she was born in 1896 as Bessie Wallis Warfield in Pennsylvania. Before eventually marrying Edward, Wallis had been married twice before - first to Earl Winfield Spencer in 1916, whom she later divorced. Wallis would marry her second husband Ernest Aldrich Simpson in 1928, but Wallis pursued a divorce from Ernest after Edward came to the throne. Following her marriage to the former King, Wallis became known as the Duchess of Windsor - but she was never officially styled as Her Royal Highness (HRH). READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's 'major misstep' split US fans  Before he became King, then-Prince Edward, the Prince of Wales, was thought to have first met Wallis Simpson in the early 1930s. Edward's mistress, Thelma Furness, is thought to have asked Wallis to keep the Prince company while she visited the US in 1934, but Edward instead fell firmly in love with Wallis. When Edward became King Edward VIII in 1936, his love match with Wallis faced stern opposition from the government, members of the Royal Family and swathes of the public.  Divorce was still not tolerated by the Church either, meaning some saw Wallis' twice-divorcee status as in direct conflict to the King's role as head of the Church of England. In December 1936, Edward made the decision to abdicate the throne to marry the woman of his dreams. In his abdication speech which rung out on the radio, Edward said: “I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as King as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love.” Edward was subsequently succeeded by his brother, Prince Albert, who became King George VI once he took the throne. King George VI allocated the title of Duke of Windsor to his brother, and Edward and Wallis moved to France. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle will 'pull in big guns' for new podcast [INSIGHT]Why a major headache awaits royal household when the clocks go forward [ANALYSIS]Kate broke three of Queen's style rules in just one tour outfit [PICTURES]  Wallis Simpson married Prince Edward, Duke of Windsor, on June 3, 1937, at the Château de Candé in France. Wallis famously wore a wedding dress in a shade dubbed 'Wallis blue' by Mainbocher, and no members of the Royal Family attended the wedding. After their marriage, the Duke and Duchess of Windsor were known to love entertaining, and they spent most of their later married life at 4 route du Champ d'Entraînement in the Bois de Boulogne, near Neuilly-sur-Seine, although the residence was often dubbed Villa Windsor.  Wallis and Edward were married for almost four decades until Edward died of throat cancer in 1972 aged 77. Wallis travelled to the UK for her husband's funeral, which was attended by members of the Royal Family. Wallis died 14 years later at her home in Paris at the age of 89. Edward and Wallis are buried alongside each other at the Royal Burial Ground of Windsor Castle. 