Domenica Calarco walked down the aisle on Married at First Sight Australia to her future husband, financial planner Jack Millar. The couple hit it off straight away, sharing a love of animals and bonding over their vegetarian diets so it appears these contestants on the E4 reality series could well be a perfect match. As their relationship has gone from strength to strength, there has been drama elsewhere on Married at First Sight Australia. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS Australia.Domenica and fellow contestant Olivia Frazer have been at loggerheads from the very beginning but their feud has since escalated. After discovering Domenica's OnlyFans account, Olivia showed the singleton's nude pictures with the majority of the Married at First Sight Australia cast without her consent. It all came out during dinner when some of the female singletons expressed their views, with Tamara Djordjevic arguing she should expect "cop back" for posting such pictures online. Domenica herself has since opened up about having an OnlyFans account, explaining that she wasn't ashamed. READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star "The OnlyFans thing I did in 2020 for like, literally three or four months,” she revealed to Yahoo Lifestyle. “It was a stage in my life where not only were we going into a global pandemic, but I had just gone through a divorce. “I felt empowered by doing it. I don't regret doing it at all and I think it was a great experience, but it's not something that I want to pursue. “My body, my choice, b***h. I said it at the dinner party and I’ll say it again and I’ll put that s**t on a t-shirt.” There has been no official confirmation that she and TV "husband" Jack Millar are still an item. Domenica was originally from New South Wales when she first entered the reality show experiment. However, it is now believed that she is residing in Sydney where Jack is from which could mean the couple are going strong and potentially living together. The pair have also taken part in interviews which also suggest they are looking forward to a future with a real wedding. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Adam Barlow’s new love interest unveiled? [THEORY]Daniel Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Daniel Holmes now? [CAST]Matt Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Matt Ridley now? [EXPLAINER] Opening up to New Idea, Domenica explained: “We definitely spoke about the possibility of an engagement. “We really didn’t want to put any form of pressure on having to feel any kind of way about each other.” Partner Jack added: “We definitely discussed how marriage would come [about] in the real world." Prior to joining the MAFS Australia cast, Domenica was working as a make-up artist but it is unclear at this stage if she has remained in the profession. Season nine of the reality show is more than halfway through its journey Down Under. The series initially started in Australia on Monday, January 31, and a few weeks later on E4 in the UK on February 21. MAFSA is made up of 30 episodes in total so as long as there are no schedule shake-ups, season nine is expected to conclude in mid-April 2022 on E4. Married at First Sight Australia season nine is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.