The specifics surrounding "over-training", as many refer to it, have always been a little up in the air. One would think if you want to get bigger, stronger or faster, the more often they should train to reach their goals quicker. But fitness experts have warned they could be doing more harm than good, as over-training has been found to have a detrimental impact when people don’t give their bodies a much needed break. It's long been believed by many athletes that weakness or poor performance means they should train even harder, so they continue to push themselves. But this only breaks down the body further. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop Working out regularly and with intensity is key, but there is a fine line between overdoing it and being dedicated. Repeating the same exercises every single day can open the door to injury. Exercise physiologist for the Department of Defence John Mikula, revealed the dangers of over-training. DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] He said: "Repeating exercises such as Bench Press or Power Clean every day can be a pathway to the number one cause for fitness injuries. "That is creating ‘over-use'. "The body does not have ample time to recover from the training stimulus or is unable to deal with the amount of localised stress being placed on an isolated part of the body." Issues begin to arise when a person has a goal in mind and believes the best way to achieve it is to perform intense training sessions every day. But without rest and recovery, your muscles cannot fully grow. Dan Hutchinson, exercise physiologist and performance coach for D2K Training, added that people are just wasting time by hitting the same muscle groups in the weight room on a daily basis. "The facts are, if we continually break down the same muscle fibres or supporting muscle fibres, eventually the individual will plateau, become injured or notice a decline in performance," he explained. "At least that’s what the research and practical experience has shown." Dr Mike Nelson, exercise physiologist, also agreed on how to improve a workout regime. He noted that by splitting training days and giving major muscle groups a rest, it'll promote healthier, stronger, muscles in the long run. He said: "If your goal is to get bigger arms, I would recommend doing some compound and isolation exercises three days a week. "[Then have] at least one day of rest in between."