Mick Schumacher has revealed he was ready to race in the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, despite his brutal crash during qualifying just 24 hours earlier. Haas withdrew Schumacher from Sunday's race after the devastating incident almost ripped his car into two. Whilst driving at near 170m/h downhill on the difficult Jeddah Corniche Circuit, the 23-year-old lost control of his car after driving over the Turn 9 exit kerbs. It sent him spinning into barriers on both sides of the track before being helped away in an ambulance and airlifted to a local hospital. Schumacher returned to the venue looking in good nick on Sunday, though, and he has stated he would've been ready to enter the Grand Prix if his car was in the condition to do so. He told the media: "Yeah, I'm for sure ready, or I would be ready to go racing. "It's just component management, car parts in general, we have to see and look after that we are surely able to race in Melbourne. I knew that it's race two, spare parts are usually quite difficult at this time of year. So I kind of figured that might be difficult, but nonetheless, I was hoping for a race today." JUST IN: Tottenham 'ready to swoop' for Traore as Barca wait for Wolves verdict Despite the concerning state of the car after Schumacher's high-speed collision with the barriers, he has admitted he was perfectly fine. The German driver admitted he was more frustrated with his mistake that led to the weekend-ending crash after learning he wasn't injured. "I was 100 per cent," Schumacher added. "It was mainly frustration, and me being annoyed by the fact that this happened, and obviously just reflecting on what I'd just gone through, and what I could have done better. "I think that I just wanted to make sure before I started moving erratically around that everything is fine. And obviously, all the marshals and also the doctors came by and made sure that I was all fine. It was a big one. From what I heard, we were like around 270 km/h (168 m/h) when I did hit that wall. READ MORE: FIA blamed for costing Lewis Hamilton points in Saudi Arabian GP "I think in a road car, that wouldn't look quite well. But I mean, luckily, the cars are so safe these days that I was able to walk away from it and stand here with no issues. Let's say it like this, once I lost the rear, I knew what was coming. So I could prepare for it." The 2022 F1 season returns with the Australian Grand Prix in April, and Schumacher will likely return to the track in Melbourne. Despite his absence, Haas continued to pick up points in Saudi Arabia as Kevin Magnusson secured P9 and the two points that come with it.