Will Smith shocked the world on Sunday night at the Oscars when he slapped comedian Chris Rock for a joke he made about the actor’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Making reference to Demi Moore’s GI Jane, the comic took a swipe at the star in reference to Jada’s shaved hairdo, a result of the hair loss condition alopecia. Discussing the moment on the US chat show The View, host Whoopi Goldberg claimed the Oscar-winning actor should keep his award, despite receiving heavy criticism over the outburst towards Chris. Whoopi, who was joined by co-stars Joy Behar, Ana Navarro and Sunny Hostin on Monday's show, sympathised with the Men In Black star. She told the panel: “Sometimes you get to a point when you behave badly." Whoopi went on to add: “I myself have behaved badly on occasion.” Wondering whether the Academy will let Will keep his Oscar, she shared: “We’re not going to take that Oscar from him. READ MORE:'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith “There will be consequences I’m sure, but I don’t think that’s what they’re going to do, particularly because Chris said, ‘Listen, I’m not pressing any charges’." US lawyer, Sunny Hostin, who was also embroiled in the debate said she believes it’s Chris who should be apologised to. She stated: ‘I was embarrassed for Will, I was horrified for Chris Rock. “I thought Chris was the one who deserved an apology.” The TV lawyer said the stand-up star had taken “the high road” after the slap. Furthermore, Sunny confessed her opinions of the TV star were tainted, saying: “I think Will was immature, I think he was childish and he was violent. “That’s something we tell our children not to do, our children would be suspended from school for that.” Viewers in the UK and other countries heard The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air actor shout at Chris several times for him to "keep my wife's name out of your f***ing mouth”.     After slapping the comedian on stage, the actor returned to his seat. Shortly after, Will went back on stage after winning the Best Actor award for his Leading Role in King Richard. During his acceptance speech, Will said: “Love will make you do crazy things." The 53-year-old actor claimed his actions were similar to the ones of King Richard who also protected his family. "Oh, man. Richard Williams was a fierce defender of his family," Will said, relating his behaviour to that of Serena and Venus Williams’ father. DON'T MISS... He went on to state: “I want to apologise to the Academy, I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees. "This is a beautiful moment and I'm not crying for winning an award, it's not about winning an award for me, it's about being able to shine a light on all of the people." The Academy later released a statement saying it didn't condone violence. It read: "The Academy does not condone violence of any form. "Tonight we are delighted to celebrate our 94th Academy Awards winners, who deserve this moment of recognition from their peers and movie lovers around the world." 