Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss claims he has been handed the opportunity to launch a consortium-supported takeover of Chelsea. Roman Abramovich is looking to sell the club after 19 years as the United Kingdom threatens sanctions during Russia's ongoing attack on Ukraine. The 55-year-old's backing has transformed Chelsea into a trophy-collecting European powerhouse over the last two decades. But he could soon jump ship after putting his UK properties on the market, and Wyss has admitted he is interested in buying the club. He told Blick: "Abramovich is one of Putin's closest advisers and friends. Like all other oligarchs, he is also in a panic. "Abramovich is trying to sell all his villas in England. He also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. Three other people and I received an offer to buy Chelsea from Abramovich on Tuesday. "I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. You know, Chelsea owe him £2 billion. But Chelsea has no money. Means: Those who buy Chelsea should compensate Abramovich. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp's thoughts on new Salah contract amid Diaz form "As of today, we don't know the exact selling price. I can well imagine starting at Chelsea with partners. But I have to examine the general conditions first. "But what I can already say: I'm definitely not doing something like this alone. If I buy Chelsea, then with a consortium consisting of six to seven investors." Express Sport provides all you need to know about Chelsea's potential next owner, Hansjorg Wyss. Wyss, 86, was born in the Swiss capital of Bern in 1935 and currently resides in the United States, boasting a net worth of over £4.3billion ($5.1bn), ranking him 451 on Forbes' list of billionaires as of March 2022. He has one daughter, and despite his last known residence being Wyoming, USA, he owns a 900-acre ranch in California. READ MORE: Rangnick’s ‘dreaming’ comment must act as transfer warning to Man Utd In his academic career, he achieved a master's degree in civil and structural engineering at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich in 1959. Six years later, he received an MBA from Harvard. Wyss' early career included different roles for car manufacturer Chrysler before starting a side business selling planes and meeting the co-founder of Synthes - a medical device manufacturer - through that. In 1977, he founded and became president of Synthes USA, now the world's largest supplier of implants to mend bone fractures. The Swissman was Synthes' global CEO and chairman until he resigned in 2007 and acted as company chairman before selling to Johnson & Johnson for £14.8bn ($19.7bn) in cash and stock five years later. Whilst Synthes is now part of Johnson & Johnson's DePuy division, Wyss holds stakes NovoCure and Molecular Partners - both publicly-traded biotech companies. Throughout the decade that has followed his involvement with Synthes, he has grown the Wyss Foundation, which now holds assets of over £1.5bn ($2bn). In 2014, Wyss helped two universities in Zurich, including where he earned his first master's degree, accelerate medical breakthroughs by pledging £90.1million ($120m). He has also donated over £751m (€1bn) to the Wyss Campaign for Nature in an attempt to conserve 30 per cent of the world's land and oceans by 2030. Given his career field of helping people and his charitable persona, Forbes has hailed Wyss as among the world's 'most philanthropic people'. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.