Diana Colodii wrapped fragile Oksana Yakovenko in blankets and prayed she would not be injured as they made the 80-mile journey from Vinnytsia in the west to the border by car. Oksana, 59, suffers from multiple myeloma, a blood cancer which has left her bones extremely weak, and needs chemotherapy. She wanted to stay at home for as long as possible - but when her neighbours fled and supermarket shelves grew bare, her daughter insisted it was time to evacuate. Diana, 37, explained: "Everyone left Vinnytsia when they bombed the airport. We are from the neighbouring village so when rockets were flying above our heads we heard the sounds. We could not wait until the last moment when they would occupy our village." The pair arrived in Moldova on March 8 and found shelter at a dormitory converted into a refugee centre. Diana has lived in London with her 17-year-old daughter for two years and Oksana's sister lives nearby in Newbury Park. The family have been reassured by doctors that Oksana can continue her treatment in England. She had been due to start a new course of chemotherapy on March 17 but that was delayed. Diana said: "Initially we were told the visa would be issued within 72 hours but the process was not fast enough." She said the family now expect to receive the papers needed to travel to the UK within a few days. But Oksana wept as her daughter told just how reluctant her mother is to leave her beloved home behind. Diana said: "My mother has lived all her life in Ukraine. Her sister told her to try it, that she will like it in the UK and can stay for a while. "She said, 'If you don't like it, the day the war ends you can travel back.' But my mother said, 'I have my roses at home in the garden, I have to take care of them.'" In Moldova, Oksana is startled by sudden sounds such as car alarms but has slept better since getting there, despite haunting memories of military attacks. Diana said: "[My mother] said her whole body was shaking because the bombs were flying overhead. People in the town were buying everything, the shelves in the shops were empty. My mother's carer said, 'I have to take care of my family too.We have to save ourselves.' It was constant panic." Another cancer sufferer Raisa Butsko, 75, is staying in the same refugee centre as mother and daughter with her son Oleg. Raisa has a gynaecological cancer and had been told chemotherapy would no longer help. Oleg was hoping to take her to Germany, where his wife and son live, to access medical care that would make her comfortable. The mother and son had come from a town near Odesa, where Russian ships had been positioning. Oleg, 53, recalled: "We could see ships from the window coming closer and closer to the shore and bombing heavily." Raisa added: "When we moved here I could hear the sounds of cars outside. I would ask, 'Has the war started here too?'"