Dr Michael Mosley is a weight loss guru who pioneered the 5:2 diet, intermittent fasting, The Fast 800 and most recently, The Fast 800 Keto. His rapid weight loss methods have long lasting results on dieters, allowing them to shed the pounds – and keep them off. Dr Michael stated: “This is not about crash dieting.” Instead, his method is all about resetting dieters’ food consumption habits to result in “long term change”. Obesity expert Professor Susan Jebb stated: “We all think we’re a bit invincible and we’re not going to get diabetes.” But when the masses realised that many obese people ended up in the ICU after contracting Covid, more people than ever decided to “sit up and take notice”. READ MORE: Weight loss: Top three things to do before you start your new diet Dr Michael’s wife, Dr Clare Mosley, together with Professor Jebb, ran a study which saw patients with Type 2 diabetes eat a mere 800 calories a day for 12 weeks. It was suitable for those whose BMI fell into the overweight or obese category, and those wishing to take part in a similar weight loss programme should consult their doctor should they have any health conditions or be on any medication. During this short study, dieters not only lost an impressive 9kg, they reversed their Type 2 diabetes too. Professor Jebb stated: “One of the myths we can lay to rest is that diets don’t work. “Actually, diets do work. If you cut your energy intake, you will definitely lose weight.” She admitted that while “people do gain weight”, the “best” way to keep weight off long term is “to lose more in the first place”. This is because the “rate at which you put it back on again is reasonably consistent”, with about one quarter of people keep the weight loss off for good. Losing a pound or two per week in a more slow and steady fashion may feel easier at the time, as slimmers can still enjoy their favourite treats and not restrict their calories too much, but the pay-off is not as significant. Dr Michael explained on Radio 2 that with rapid weight loss plans, for example his own technique, the Fast 800, “you’ll lose more, but you’re likely to keep it off too.” The secret is to make sure that in a calorie controlled diet such as this one, dieters aim for around 60g of protein per day. “If you look at 800 calories, that’s basically a bag of crisps and a sandwich.” Dr Jebb revealed that weight loss is “hard work”, and requires a great deal of “mental energy”, but the real challenge is transforming a quick-fix weight loss method into a “more sustainable eating plan”. “There the emphasis needs to be on reintroducing small amounts of carbohydrates and really picking those carbs that are positively good for your health.” In turn, dieters must remember to keep away from “sugary foods which they worked so hard to eliminate from their diet”. She concluded: “Don’t slip back now.” One top tip Dr Michael provided for “life after the diet” is that slimmers try low-carb versions of their favourite foods.