Recently, EastEnders' favourites Whitney (played by Shona McGarty) and Kheerat (Jaz Deol) decided to join forces to take down Gray (Toby-Alexander Smith). They've been trying to catch the BBC soap villain out, and since they started to try to catch him out, the murderer has become more and more on edge. Ever since Tina Carter's (Luisa Bradshaw-White) body was finally discovered, it has seemed like it will be only a matter of time before Gray is arrested. Actor Toby-Alexander suggested Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) and Whitney may be his final victims though. The final twists are set to come as Chelsea confronts her abusive husband about his crimes. Toby-Alexander explained: "He thinks it’s a ticking time bomb before everyone around him realises that he is responsible for killing Tina and before Mick (Danny Dyer) and Shirley (Linda Henry) find out." However, it seems Chelsea will be on to him earlier than he expects and Gray doesn't expect her to have the guts to confront him. But when she does, could Gray be forced to kill both Chelsea and Whitney in order to silence them? READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? "I think he is capable of killing either Chelsea or Whitney, absolutely," Toby-Alexander told Metro. "He is very much a caged animal and if he is put in a position where he has to make a decision, it is fight or flight, then he will do whatever it takes. I believe he would." Chelsea has been acting differently to her usual self ever since she married Gray. As his abuse intensified, the Walford favourite seemed to change herself in order to keep her husband happy. However, it seems part of the old Chelsea will return as she bravely takes on Gray by asking him to be honest about his dark secrets. Could this be a huge mistake though? Gray has killed three people, and probably wouldn't have any issue killing the mother of his newborn son if it means he can get away with his crimes and flee the Square. Meanwhile, Whitney has been trying to prove what Gray is really like for months. Her warnings to Chelsea fell on deaf ears as she was in denial about her new husband's ways. DON'T MISS... Martin Compston details reason Our House cast resented him [EXCLUSIVE]Madeley blasts Cleverly over UK's handling of Ukraine refugee crisis [LATEST]Cleverly slammed as he snaps at Dan Walker over Ukraine refugee probe [VIDEO] Whitney even went as far as involving the police, who also failed to listen to her concerns. If she realises Gray may have killed Tina, Whitney is likely to rush to his home to try once again to convince Chelsea to leave. Perhaps she will head over and hear Chelsea and Gray in a frantic argument. Could she burst in to try to help her friend before it's too late? If so, Whitney's actions may also be a fatal error.  With two women threatening to expose him, Gray is unlikely to allow them to leave the house alive. Will he kill the pair of women in one last blow to Walford before he flees with his children? Perhaps in an attempt to stop the two from calling the police on him, he will attack them both. With others also suspecting him though, the police are probably waiting for him. Kheerat, who has been supporting Whitney in taking Gray down, isn't around at the moment. He himself had to flee after fighting with Gray and leaving him close to death. After Chelsea informed the police it was Kheerat who attacked Gray, he was forced to make an exit from Walford. Could the two women be the serial killer's final victims before he is caught at last? EastEnders continues on Monday at 8pm on BBC One. 