During a classic episode of Antiques Road Trip, BBC experts Izzie Balmer and Tim Medhurst set off on a road trip around North Wales, searching for the best treasures and relics. The duo had to go head to head as they each selected five antiques each, which they would then take to auction to sell. Despite making a few losses at auction, Izzie was left delighted when a garden bench she bought for £20 made a huge profit. "Being on the smaller size, it would fit even in a small courtyard," Izzie said to her co-star as the bench went to auction. However, much to the expert's delight, as soon as it went under the hammer the offers came flooding in. Izzie laughed as the garden bench sold for £150, making her a £130 profit. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is "Wow, over £100 profit on one thing," Tim commented as Izzie gasped: "I think I better stick with the garden theme." Among Izzie's items was a mid-century swivel chair she'd purchased for £38. "It's very cool," Tim praised as Izzie replied: "I think it's cool." "A cool chair for a cool lady," Tim added before the antique went under the hammer. The chair instantly made a profit as the auctioneer began the bidding at £45. In the end, it sold for £60 to a buyer who was bidding online, making Izzie a £22 profit. Izzie's luck didn't last for very long after she made a loss on a corner cupboard she'd bought for £45. The item, which reminded the expert of her granny, sold for £28, making her a loss of £17. DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith  [VIDEO]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Danny 'sent to a shrink in infant school' [NEWS] "Ouch," Izzie said in defeat as Tim told her: "I am sorry, Izzie." During her antique search, Izzie also came across a Victoria planter which caught her eye. Despite getting off to a slow start, the expert made a profit of £18 on the item at auction. At the beginning of the antique search, Tim had £200 to spend, and by the end, he made a small profit and ended with £221.66. Izzie on the other hand made a huge profit from her £200 and ended up with £308.46. "Forget Mr Moneybags," Tim joked. "I think Mrs Moneypenny is going to win this one." "Mrs Moneypounds," Izzie laughed as they continued with their next search. When Izzie isn't working on Antiques Road Trip, she also works on the BBC show Bargain Hunt. She began her career by gaining experience from local auction houses and shops. Antiques Road Trip is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.