  This Morning’s Martin Lewis has insisted he would “rather have his nipples wired to electrodes” than become Prime Minister. In a new tweet this evening, the ITV finance expert confirmed he had absolutely no interest in taking over Boris Johnson’s role.      Martin, 49, is best known for his money saving advice and consumer rights campaigning and has built up a loyal following over the years. After winning the trust of many, it seems some believe Martin would be the perfect candidate to run the country. This afternoon, Carmel tweeted: “@MartinSLewis for Prime Minister anyone else agree please re tweet:) #martinlewisnextpm.” (sic) In view of his 1.4 million followers, Martin retweeted her vote of support with a hilarious caption.    He replied: “Not me. I would rather have my nipples wired to electrodes (and not in a nice way (if there is one)).” Martin also retweeted Steve Rankin’s reaction to his own tweet, which was: “This might be the best use of brackets I've ever seen.” One user named Alex posted a rather cheeky response to Martin’s tweet, penning: “HAHAHAHAHAH, @MartinSLewis, you do not know it, but the LGBT people adore you. “(Yes, there is, and the gays are gonna go WILD with the electrode thing hahaha).” (sic)      Martin replied: “I'll take adoration from anyone offering it - electrodes though, they can keep to themselves!” David Stanton suggested: “The fact you don’t want it is probably why you’d be seen as a good one! “Those who do want it often seem to be ill suited.” While Dr Zoid penned: “Those who want to do such jobs are precisely the type of  people who should never be allowed near them. That makes you a perfect candidate.” READ MORE... POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? [POLL] Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [LATEST] Piers Morgan U-turns over 'woke' Oscars rant as he praises Amy Schumer [NEWS]     Other Twitter users wanted to see Martin in a similar cabinet role, with Annaliese Ó'Malley commenting: “I vote Martin for Chancellor of the Exchequer!” Brian wrote: “A honest PM, never had one of those in a long time. “Maybe a chancellor, as the last few seem to have rich Interests at the heart of everything they do.” Chris added: “Rather you were Chancellor. Your interview with Sunak made it clear how much more you know about money than him.     “Maybe it's because his knowledge is in helping the rich, and yours is helping regular people.” Martin is best known for providing consumer advice on saving money, often appearing on This Morning to share his trusted insights with the British public and hosting his own Martin Lewis Money Show. He also founded the website MoneySavingExpert, which helped to make him hugely successful.   