Four Lives, Trigger Point and The Holiday are just a few of the crime dramas that have hit viewers' TV screens over the last couple of months. Whether they are based on a true story or fictional, many viewers tune in each week to get their dose of mystery and tension as they try to figure out the "whodunnit" aspect of the shows. Criminal barrister Simon has covered a lot of cases over his career, and in 2008 he was the prosecution junior in the successful prosecution of Steve Wright, the man accused of killing five women in Ipswich. Simon has now shared his view on why audiences are drawn to crime dramas and expressed they feel a "false sense of reality" when they watch the programmes. Crime dramas often pull in large audiences weekly, with ITV and BBC successfully putting out an array of programmes one after the other. Speaking on why audiences constantly look forward to a new series, Simon explained: "I think it is a combination of factors, to be honest. "The first is I think there is a natural curiosity, a slightly morbid curiosity about crime and particularly grisly crime, which is why you get an awful lot of crime novels written. "People are being fascinated to read about crimes in the newspapers and then in social media for many many years," he exclusively told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Simon continued: "I suppose that it is something that doesn't directly touch the lives of a lot of people, and so it is something slightly out of the ordinary and supplies a sort of false sense of reality. "But also I think there is a part of many people that like to play armchair detective, they set themselves the challenge of 'Can I work out what the twist is in the tale? "Can I work out who the real killer is before the programme ends?' "It depends on what kind of crime drama you are talking about - police drama or courtroom drama - because there is a theatricality of what happens in a courtroom which I think appeals to certain people as well." Simon also touched on the accuracy of the programmes and explained there is a difference between drama and a drama-documentary. He explained: "I think from my experience of what the police do and how they go about investigating the crime, I do think they are reasonably accurate. "I think they are more accurate in the way that they depict police officers than they are in which they depict crown court trials. "At the end of the day, it is drama, not a documentary, one of the things that I have said in the past which I do feel strongly about is if you are making a docu-drama based on a true story, for example, Four Lives based on the Stephen Port case, whilst you are going to have to change the details to either protect the people and make it more interesting dramatically, I do think it is incumbent on the producers of the programme to make it as accurate as possible. DON'T MISS...Four Lives viewers gobsmacked by Stephen Merchant transformation [INSIGHT]Anne on ITV: Hillsborough drama leaves fans 'in tears' with scenes [LATEST]Trigger Point's Vicky McClure hits back at fans over finale backlash [WATCH] "If it is straightforward drama, then fine, you can allow a degree of latitude, but when it is a docu-drama, I think there is more responsibility on TV companies that they are as accurate as possible." BBC's Four Lives was a success when it first aired and starred actress Sheridan Smith as the main character. The three-part series told the true story of the four men who were murdered by serial killer Stephen Port. Their families and friends fought for justice and the truth amid the failure of the Metropolitan police in their investigations. Audiences were blown away by the series and how they portrayed the story, with many sending their condolences to the families. Anne was another true story which aired on ITV, which followed Anne Williams and her fight to uncover what happened to her son Kevin, who died aged 15 in the 1989 Hillsborough tragedy. Maxine Peake portrayed Ann and was praised for her incredible depiction of the events and how well the story was told.