Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel has provided details on Mason Mount's reaction after his costly misses in Sunday's Carabao Cup final. Mount squandered huge chances on either side of half-time as Chelsea fell to an unfortunate penalty shoot-out defeat to Liverpool at Wembley Stadium. The Blues must regroup and go again this week as they travel to Championship side Luton Town in the FA Cup fifth round. But their Carabao Cup heartbreak will still sting, especially after having three goals disallowed and missing guilt-edged chances during the entertaining clash. Mount should've given Chelsea the lead in the first half, directing Christian Pulisic's cross agonisingly wide of Caoimhin Kelleher's post unmarked. And after the break, Pulisic slid the England international through on goal again, but he could only place his shot against the inside of the post. The final somehow ended 0-0 after extra-time before the Reds won a thrilling penalty shoot-out 11-10 through Kepa Arrizabalaga's skied effort. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Tuchel erupts at reporter over Abramovich question Ahead of Chelsea's trip to Luton on Wednesday, Tuchel explained where Mount's head is at after his unfortunate role in the Liverpool loss. He told reporters: "Nobody deserves blame for missing a chance, and I'm happy I've not read about it. "The one person who didn't want to miss the chance was Mason, you can be sure about that. It can happen, and not every chance is a goal. "Mason had a huge chance to decide the match, but he is fine. He arrived in good positions, which is what you want." READ MORE: Barcelona in 'Dembele contract twist' amid Man Utd and Chelsea links  Despite the crushing end to Chelsea's Carabao Cup run, Tuchel has insisted it won't be difficult to boost morale ahead of the season run-in. "To lift the team should not be too hard. Everyone knows we played a good match with full commitment and a lot of quality. A winner had to be found and was found after 22 penalties," Tuchel explained. "We have to be ready tomorrow. It's not always easy, but this is what we demand from me and myself and everyone around the team. This is where we are from the sporting side." And the German has called on his players to show motivation, commitment and the right attitude in their pursuit of the FA Cup. He continued: "The best chance [of silverware] was Sunday because we should not think about the next final until we think about the next match. This starts tomorrow evening. "We have some obstacles to overcome and boxes to tick if we want to win there. "We need the right motivation and right attitude. We need full commitment. It's demanding, but still we expect it from us." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.