Manchester United are currently weighing up who to approach when it comes to their next manager. Ralf Rangnick isn’t in the frame for the job permanently, despite steadying the ship since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s sacking. Instead, it’s Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino who are currently the frontrunners. Manchester United are gearing up for the start of another new era at Old Trafford. When they gave Solskjaer a new contract back in the summer, they believed the Norwegian was on track to bring the glory days back. Ed Woodward certainly did, at least. He said at the time: “Ole and his staff have worked tirelessly putting the foundations in place for long-term success on the pitch. “The results of that have become increasingly visible over the past two seasons and we are all looking forward to seeing this exciting team develop further in the years ahead. “What is especially pleasing is the way this progress has been achieved with a blend of young, homegrown talent and top-class recruits, playing attacking football in the best traditions of Manchester United. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We are more confident than ever that, under Ole’s leadership, we are heading in the right direction.” Except, United got that one wrong. Solskjaer was unable to get the best from his players this season and, after a 4-1 defeat to Watford in November, lost his job. Rangnick has done well enough since, with United losing just one match in 90 minutes since he took charge. But the Red Devils know they need an upgrade, hence their interest in Ten Hag and Pochettino. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message They are the two frontrunners for the post at the current moment in time, despite being contracted to Ajax and Paris Saint-Germain respectively. Yet United, it seems, are reluctant to multi-task. They’ve been linked with plenty of players of late, ranging from the likes of Antonio Rudiger to Manuel Akanji, Declan Rice to Harry Kane, Victor Osimhen to Aurelien Tchouameni. However, according to Sportskeeda, United will only decide on their top targets once they’ve appointed a new boss. And that, history suggests, could see them complicate matters for themselves. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Back in 2013, it was an open secret that United wanted to hire David Moyes as their replacement for Sir Alex Ferguson. Moyes had done well at Everton and was hand-picked by Ferguson to be his successor, ahead of Jose Mourinho. Yet United dragged their feet in negotiations with the Toffees. And that meant they wasted precious time when it came to landing the likes of Thiago Alcantara, Gareth Bale and Cesc Fabregas - who were all targets at the time. Thiago ended up moving to Bayern Munich instead, much to Moyes’ dismay. United actually outbid Real Madrid for Bale but, by the time they got round to doing that, he’d already decided to leave Tottenham for La Liga. And Fabregas would stay at Barcelona before joining Chelsea back in the summer transfer window of 2014. While United are covering themselves by not deciding on targets just yet, it’s still a gamble that could backfire. Their rivals, Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea, are set to have their own planning going on behind the scenes. And with United already at a disadvantage, due to their status as fallen giants and a team in transition, a problematic summer may be on the horizon.