Speaking to TV WEEK magazine, The Apprentice’s Lord Alan Sugar has criticised his international The Apprentice host counterparts, saying he has been the “best” host in the show’s history. The 74-year-old British business magnate said: “'I've done the program for 15 years in the UK and I'm told that I'm the best at it. Continuing his feud with the former US president, Lord Sugar - who is also set to host the new season of Celebrity Apprentice Australia - said: “I'm much better than Donald Trump. “He was useless, completely useless.” Lord Sugar wasn’t too impressed with Arnold Schwarzenegger’s stint as the host of the US version of The Apprentice either. Schwarzenegger took over from Trump as the show’s host in 2017. Lord Sugar, who has hosted the UK version since 2005, said: “Also, the other bloke, what's his name? Arnold Schwarzenegger. He was absolutely useless, too.” READ MORE: Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks Lord Sugar is set to replace previous Celebrity Apprentice Australia host Mark Bouris. He wasn’t familiar with the contestants on this year’s show, and he wasn’t afraid to tell them so either. He added: “I told them, ‘You might not know who I am, because you may be cocooned in your world in Australia. “And the good news is, I don't know who you are either. There's no favouritism. “I'm not going to be in awe of any of you, because I don't know what the hell you do.’” Contestants include fitness trainer Michelle Bridges, radio host Michael 'Wippa' Wipfli, and The Veronicas' Lisa and Jess Origliasso. DON’T MISS: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [ADMISSION]Musician Randy Newman cancels European tour after breaking his neck [LATEST] Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [INSIGHT] Lord Sugar claimed that some contestants on the show were “so used to being treated as royalty” and revealed he “had to put a couple in their place'”. This isn’t the first time Trump has come under fire from Lord Sugar, as last week, a Twitter user asked him if Trump owns The Apprentice. In response, Lord Sugar fired back: “Who believes a word Trump says.” Sugar's reaction came after Trump's outspoken interview with Piers Morgan for Good Morning Britain in 2016, during which he said of the UK Apprentice star: “He works for me. “He is a small timer. I mean, he’s doing a nice job but don’t forget, he works for me — I make money from The Apprentice.”