ITV's The Chase host Bradley Walsh thought he had a winning team on his hands during Thursday's outing of the show. Joining him to take on Mark 'The Beast' Labbett, he welcomed Rebecca, Aled, Lisa and Hussain. Between them, they managed to secure an impressive £26,000, and with all four making it back to the final, they started four questions in for the final chase.  Rebecca was first up to the challenge and set the bar high, taking back £8,000. The other hopefuls followed suit, with Aled bringing back £7,000, Lisa adding a further £6,000 and rounding up their amount to £26,000, funny man Hussain bagged £5,000. Bradley was bowled over with their performance taunting the Chaser with how it was "zero" to him. The smile soon transferred from Bradley's face to The Beast when it got to the final round. Read More: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star?  The 61-year-old had high hopes for the contestants, he said: "A full house, and you very rarely see 26 grand there." However, it was apparent very early on that they performed better individually. Already four questions in, they only managed to get seven questions right, giving them a measly 11 question headstart. Lost for words, Bradley simply said: "Wow, wow, wow."   Adding: "Bottom line, we are going to need pushbacks." Laughing as he entered, Mark commented on how this would be an easy win for him. After catching them within 52 seconds, Bradley said to the Chaser: "Wow, how does that happen?" He replied: "Their luck ran out. I love my stats, and I'll leave you with two things. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? [LATEST]How to watch Yellowstone for free in the UK [LATEST]  "One of the best teams ever in the cash builders and the worst full house ever." Chuckling, Bradley said: "Is that true?" with Mark adding: "Ever!" "Four people managed seven answers in two minutes!" he concluded. The show's loyal Twitter following were quick to compliment the team as the show progressed but were left disappointed by their final performance.   @JMegafu tweeted: "Gosh what a wasted team effort to get into the final only to get demolished like that #TheChase." "Yeah, four great head to heads but a VERY disappointing Final Chase. Both sets of questions were hard though #TheChase," @ItsOnlyRash chimed in. Defending their performance, @surreyboy84 added: "Chaser’s final chase questions were a lot easier than the contestants tonight. #TheChase The Chase continues weekdays at 5pm on ITV 