Amid a frenzy of criticism over the duke's presence at the service, royal expert Dickie Arbiter said it is unlikely we will see him attend future royal engagements. Mr Arbiter told GB News: "I doubt we will see him again.” Prince Andrew accompanied the Queen to the thanksgiving service for his late father at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday, a few weeks after reaching a multimillion-pound out-of-court settlement in a civil sexual assault case. The royal pair arrived together in the same car and Andrew helped escort his mother arm-in-arm to her seat. According to reports, the Queen overruled Prince Charles and Prince William over the decision to let Andrew escort her to the memorial service. The future kings are said to have raised concerns on "more than one occasion" about the optics of allowing him to escort the Queen at such a well-publicised event, according to the Daily Mail. It was the Duke's first public appearance since he paid a reported £12 million settlement to Virginia Giuffre who accused the royal of sexually abusing her at age 17 after being trafficked by Epstein. Andrew's settlement was not an admission of guilt over the claims, which he has repeatedly denied. Prince Andrew is said to have "got his way" after lobbying to take the 95-year-old monarch to her seat "because she couldn't say no to her favourite son", sources said. However, Mr Arbiter defended the decision saying: "None of the family acknowledged him, I think quite frankly we’ve got to move on. READ MORE: Prince Andrew could join Queen at Epsom and Ascot for races "The guy was there because it was his Dad's thanksgiving service. "The fact that he accompanied his mother kind of makes sense because the Queen is frail…" The pre-printed order of service allegedly showed that Andrew was due to appear at the main entrance with his daughters and their husbands and walk with them to his seat.y Even after the arrangements changed, that meant Andrew travelled from Windsor to the service in a car with the Queen, he was reportedly expected to process from Poets’ Corner behind the monarch. DON'T MISS: Queen grants rare 'royal' title to beloved association [INSIGHT]Queen’s sneaky trick to make sure Queen Mother was ready for dinner [COMMENT]Queen packs day with seven engagements as she honours Philip's aides [VIDEO] The Queen was then expected to walk alongside the Dean of Westminster, rather than with the Duke of York. Prince Andrew had already bowed out of royal life in 2019 after his infamous Newsnight appearance over his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. He was also stripped of his military titles and patronages by the Queen in January, with many York city residents continue to call for his title to be revoked. At the time of the civil sexual assault case, Buckingham Palace said: “The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen.”