The Russian President has already issued a chilling warning to Western leaders not to meddle in his military campaign against Kyiv. In a TV address to announce his decision to invade Ukraine, Putin told Western leaders any attempt to "impede us" would lead to "consequences you have never seen in history." Many analysts took this to mean that the Kremlin would not hesitate to deploy its nuclear arsenal. However, Russia has other formidable weapons that it could use against NATO in any potential conflict. The Russian Navy possesses a class of diesel attack submarines that are practically "invisible" to its enemies. The so-called Kronstadt submarine is so silent that it is able to evade enemy sonar systems and stealthily approach its targets. First launched in 2018, the Lada-subs are designed to combat enemy submarines and surface ships, protect naval bases, sea coast and sea communications, as well as to launch a missile strike on enemy coastal targets. A particular feature of its weapons system is the ability to fire missiles in volleys, which Russia boasts cannot be countered by other naval targets. Admiralty Shipyards CEO Alexander Buzakov said at the time of its unveiling: "The importance of this event is hard to overestimate. "The submarine began to be built in 2005. "There have been some pauses in construction work and in the financing, but the launch day has come at last. "By all parameters, this submarine surpasses its predecessor.” The submarine only needs a crew of 38 to operate. It is equipped with advanced sonar and the automated combat control system, known as "Litiy". READ MORE: Gaffe-prone Joe Biden leaves White House reeling after Putin remark The submarine can accommodate six torpedo tubes and reportedly features specialised vertical missile silos for anti-ship and land-attack cruise missiles. The US possesses a total of 68 submarines compared to Russia's 49, according to data from the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS). Washington can boast 14 subs armed with strategic nuclear-powered ballistic missiles, while Moscow can only lay claim to 11. Last week, Donald Trump said it was time to get tough with Vladimir Putin and unleash America's nuclear submarines on Russia. The former US president also reminded the Russian leader that the US was the "greatest nuclear power in the world." DON'T MISS Putin turns to school kids to feed army as soldiers beg for food [REVEAL]Ukraine: Farmers in stitches as tractor tow away Russian vehicle [SPOTLIGHT]Europe sent ultimatum as £500M black hole exposes open goal for Putin [INSIGHT] He made his remarks during an interview with Fox Business host Stuart Varney last Monday. Mr Trump claimed that if he were President he would threaten Putin with the deployment of US nuclear subs and that he would tell the dictator "we'll be coasting back and forth up and down your coast." The 45th US President dismissed Putin's nuclear posturing as just bluff. He told his TV host that he recalled the Russian leader "constantly using the n-word" by which Trump meant nuclear.