When it comes to selling a home, getting the best price for it is what most homeowners hope for. However, in order for that to happen a house needs to gain the attraction of potential buyers. Sam Mitchell, CEO of online estate agent Strike spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on how to improve the appeal of a property. Property is a huge investment for anyone and homeowners will want to ensure their house has the highest possible value. Before selling a house, most residents will make changes to their property to make it as appealing as possible to buyers. One of these ways to improve the appeal of a house is through working on eco-friendly credentials - this will help a property “stand out from the competition”. Sam said: “An eco-friendly, energy saving home is a big draw for buyers. As well as being fantastic for the environment, eco features save money on bills and will help your listing stand out from the competition. READ MORE: Burglary warning: ‘Essential’ tips to follow as clocks go forward “Invest in home features such as solar panels, EV charging points, a heat pump to reduce energy waste, and make your home more desirable to buyers.” Sam also explained that Kerb appeal is key for those ready to sell their house. He said: “You want to maximise the ‘wow’ factor — because you only get one chance to make a first impression. “Take a day to clean your windows, mow the lawn and get rid of any weeds. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]Gardening jobs to do in April from mowing to planting [TIPS]Gardening: Mulching ‘tricks’ to help avoid ‘root rot problems’ [EXPERT] “Repainting your front door, adding new hardware (a letterbox, number, and knocker) and freshening up any fencing can really impress potential buyers.” The way a property is advertised online also makes a big difference to whether or not it will appeal to potential buyers. Sam said: “Your digital shop front is also important. Make sure that your listing is getting attention on property sites by selecting the right leading image. “It’s the first thing your customer sees when searching online so it’s crucial you make that first impression count.” Sam noted that homeowners can do this using a mirror. He said: “If you have a lot of small rooms, don’t worry — sometimes, you need to make the most of what you have. “Hanging large mirrors in the hall can give the illusion of a wider or longer room. “It’ll only take an hour or two of browsing and about 10 minutes to hang them, so don’t be afraid to get creative and don’t forget to make the in-between places count. “The entrance hall is the first room that potential viewers will see during a viewing, so making it feel light, bright and airy is a good way to start any viewings on a strong note.” Sam also suggested that homeowners should use spare rooms “wisely”. He said: “With thoughtful planning and creativity, almost any space can be turned into a useful home office. “Dress your spare room as an office to show the space at its best and appeal to those working from home. Estate agency Strike has launched the ‘Free the Fees’ Fund which is open for online submissions to anyone in the UK who wants to claim back estate agent fees and buy things they really want. To find out more or submit a claim, visit Strike.co.uk/free-the-fees before March 31.