As the spring weather approaches, green-thumbed Britons are likely thinking about getting into the garden and preparing their green space for the summer. Tomato plants are ideally planted around this time, although the exact time to do this depends on whether you are planting them in a greenhouse or outside. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), tomatoes can be grown from seed indoors as long as they are in warm conditions. This can either be on a sunny windowsill, or in a greenhouse. If you are growing the fruit indoors, it is best to "sow from late February to mid-March." However, if you want to sow the crop outdoors, then the next few weeks could be crucial. READ MORE: Houseplant hacks: 3 ways vinegar can help your plants thrive The RHS recommends either translating existing seedlings or directly sowing tomatoes outdoors from mid-March to April. According to TomatoGrowing.co.uk: "April is a good month to sow because the weather is more favourable than earlier in the spring. "However, April is also the last opportunity for those who live in short-season areas, like the UK, to get those seeds germinating." By sowing between February and April, gardeners can expect a harvest of delicious red fruits between July and September. DON'T MISS'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains [INSIGHT]Houseplant hacks: Two fruits to make 'natural' plant fertiliser [EXPLAINER]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘trick’ to looking after orchid houseplant [COMMENT] When sowing tomato seeds, the area should be kept warm in the early stages. The RHS recommends covering your plants with vermiculite and keeping them at around 18C, ideally in a heated propagator. You can also cover the area with a plastic bag and place on a warm windowsill. The RHS adds: "As soon as seedlings appear – usually within a fortnight – uncover and place in as much light as possible, to prevent them growing thin and leggy." After a couple of weeks, your plants will need "potting on". To do this, fill small pots with multi-purpose compost and water well. At the centre of each, make a hole with a dibber or blunt stick. Lift each seedling individually, using the dibber to support its rootball and holding it by a leaf rather than the delicate stem, then lower it into the new hole. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If the seedling is leggy, bury it up to the first pair of leaves, then firm in gently. The plants are ready to be moved to their final outdoor position when the first flowers begin to open. Tomato plants should be regularly watered, ensuring that the soil is always moist. Plants in containers can dry out quickly, so they may need watering daily in hot weather.