Married At First Sight Australia 2022 is one of the most dramatic seasons yet and it is airing in the UK on E4. The quirky dating TV series has seen a whole host of new singletons in their attempt to find true love. Holly Greenstein said "I do" to Andrew Davis, but their relationship did not end well. Holly and Andrew's relationship came to a head when Andrew packed his bags mid-way through the experiment. The pair had fallen out ever since their honeymoon and Holly blasted her former husband for not being honest with her. She opened up about how she felt he "wrote her off" from day one. The star said: "I didn't offer him the instant validation that he was used to." "You know, I'm a strong woman and I think validation should be earned," she told Nine Entertainment. READ MORE: Married at First Sight Australia faces walk out over surprise return As for where she is now, it seems Holly has a new man in her life. She was spotted on a trip away in Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast, with a male companion. The star is on Instagram but she has not given anything away about her potential new partner. Following one of the commitment ceremonies, Holly broke down about how she felt a lack of support. Some viewers failed to feel sorry for her, while others expressed their sympathy. She had called out her castmates for not looking out for her after Adam left the experiment. She said: "I got attacked and you couldn't see it, instead you judged me. "This man went to such lengths to make me look bad when I walked into the room last night." The star is an actress and has a number of film and TV credits to her name. According to her IMDb account, she has had roles in the TV series Timeless, and The Bondi Chronicles. DON'T MISS... MAFS Australia season 9: Are Olivia and Jackson still together? [INSIGHT] Married at First Sight star warns Australian singletons 'Don't do it!' [INTERVIEW] MAFSA: What happened to Jessica Seracino's first husband? [EXPLAINER] Her other credits include Toolies, The Devil's Six Commandments and Suppose The Night Tasted Like Sugar. She faced backlash from fans after footage emerged of the star auditioning for the series Arrow. Holly opened up to New Idea about how she went on MAFS Australia to find love, not boost her career. She said: "Acting and lifestyle modelling are a passion of mine! It is not my focus. "However, I love being on set occasionally when I can, when it fits into my lifestyle. “I can only hope it continues to be a part of my life in some small way, along with being a wife and mother one day soon.” She clarified how she was not acting during her time on the reality dating show. Holly went on to describe how she knew she and Andrew shared different values. She said his "strong political views" were contrasting to her own.  Married At First Sight Australia airs on weeknights on E4.