According to Ukrainian Interior Ministry adviser Anton Herashchenko, the television tower in the capital has been attacked by Russian forces. It could potentially disrupt its signal. The local 1+1 TV channel said work will be done to restore any lost signal. The tower is next to the Babi Yar Holocaust Memorial Center, site of massacres carried out by Nazi forces on 29–30 September 1941. Last week, Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. As of Sunday night, Ukraine's interior ministry reported 352 civilian deaths, including 14 children. Overnight, at least 11 people were killed by Russian rocket attacks on the eastern Ukrainian city of Kharkiv, according to Ukrainian officials. More than 500,000 people have fled the country since the invasion, another UN official said on Monday – among the millions who have left their homes. On Monday, officials from Moscow and Kyiv attended the talks which Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky hoped would establish a ceasefire and get Russia to withdraw forces. The talks were held on the border with Russia's strongest ally Belarus. But a convoy of military vehicles was seen heading east in what looked like preparation to join the Russian invasion. Talks concluded with further discussions to be held in the coming days, the Belarusian state news agency said - citing the Russian delegation. READ MORE: Pakistan and Russia strike gas deal as pair form ‘new world order’ UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said he hoped the talks would "produce not only an immediate halt to the fighting, but also a path towards a diplomatic solution." He described Putin's decision on Sunday to put Russia's nuclear deterrent on high alert as a "chilling development," telling the General Assembly that nuclear conflict is "inconceivable." Ukraine's UN Ambassador Sergiy Kyslytsya described Putin's order to put Russian nuclear forces on alert as "madness." Referencing Adolf Hitler's suicide, he said: "If he wants to kill himself he doesn't have to use a nuclear arsenal, he has to do what the guy in Berlin did in a bunker in 1945." DON'T MISS Putin 'would' fire nukes - but this is how UK and allies can stop him [REVEAL] Putin stripped of Taekwondo black belt over Ukraine [INSIGHT] Experts 'sceptical' at plan to get round Russian sanctions [COMMENT] Mr Guterres also warned about the impact of the conflict on civilians and said it could become Europe's worst humanitarian and refugee crisis in decades. He said: "Although Russian strikes are reportedly largely targeting Ukrainian military facilities, we have credible accounts of residential buildings, critical civilian infrastructure and other non-military targets sustaining heavy damage." Russia's UN Ambassador Vassily Nebenzia said Russia's actions in Ukraine were being "distorted." He told the General Assembly: "The Russian army does not pose a threat to the civilians of Ukraine, is not shelling civilian areas." In response to Putin's invasion of Ukraine, 12 major diplomats were expelled from the US. The 12 members of Russia's United Nations mission have until March 7 to leave the country. This comes ahead of a vote this week to isolate Russia by deploring its "aggression against Ukraine" and demanding Russian troops stop fighting and withdraw. The General Assembly will vote this week on a draft resolution similar to a text vetoed by Russia in the 15-member Security Council on Friday. Today, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Russia must call a halt to bombing Ukrainian cities before meaningful talks on a ceasefire could start. Speaking in an interview in a heavily guarded government compound, he urged NATO members to impose a no fly zone to stop the Russian airforce. He said it was a preventative measure and not meant to drag the alliance into war with Russia. Mr Zelensky, who has refused offers to leave the Ukrainian capital as Russian forces advanced, also said Ukraine would demand legally binding security guarantees if NATO shut the door on Ukraine's membership prospects.