Elden Ring has been a huge for FromSoftware and Bandai Namco, beating the likes of Cyberpunk 2077 and Horizon Forbidden West to become the biggest game launch in the UK outside of Call of Duty and FIFA since 2018. If you're just beginning your adventures in the Lands Between you may have plenty of burning questions such as how long does it take to beat Elden Ring, how many hours would you need to put in to 100 percent Elden Ring and how many endings does Elden Ring have? If you have these burning questions and more then this is what you need to know... So far there are six known endings for Elden Ring, with different endings unlocking depending on which path your Tarnished ends up taking. We won't go into details about what happens in each ending, but here are the names of the different Elden Ring endings. If you don't want this spoiled, or would rather not know the criteria for getting these endings, then skip on to the next section of the article. Elden Ring endings: Age of Fracture, Age of Duskborn, Age of Despair, Age of Order, Lord of the Frenzied Flame, Age of the Stars To complete Elden Ring you will have to beat a number of key bosses. These enemies are Godrick, Renalla, Radahn, and Morgott. If you want to get the Age of Stars ending you'll also have to beat the the Ranni quest.  Elden Ring is a huge game, which offers a brilliant take on open-world game design that critics have been applauding. Depending on how you tackle Elden Ring, your time in the Lands Between will vary. According to the How Long To Beat website, if you mainline Elden Ring you'll be looking at 44 hours for the main story. If you opt for completing the main story along with extra side quests it should take you around 70 hours. While if you're looking to 100 percent complete Elden Ring the median completion time is 96 hours. However, players have been known to spend well over 100 hours on Elden Ring, with the longest playtime How Long To Beat recorded being over 152 hours.  We're about to go into some spoiler territory so if you want to be left surprised by the bosses you encounter in Elden Ring then look away now. As we mentioned before, Elden Ring is an absolutely huge game - and like with many FromSoftware games the boss encounters will be a big highlight and draw for many players. There reportedly are 12 bosses you will need to face to complete the main story of Elden Ring. But this just scratches the surface, with 120 bosses reportedly in total that players can face off against. If you're wondering who the final boss is in Elden Ring, then - once again - we're about to go into spoiler territory here.  **ELDEN RING SPOILERS** The last boss battle is actually a double header. You'll face off against Radagon of the Golden Order followed by the Elden Beast. How long it will take you to get to this point will vary between playthroughs. But if you want to see something incredible one speed runner managed to complete Elden Ring without dying in well under three hours. You can watch the jaw-dropping two and a half hour Elden Ring speed run above... 