Henrik Stenson will lead Europe’s bid to win back the Ryder Cup in Rome next year. The 45-year-old Swede was today unveiled as captain for the contest against the United States at Marco Simone Golf Club which starts on September 29 2023. Stenson, who was an assistant captain in the last Ryder Cup, has played in five editions of the tournament. Luke Donald and Robert Karlsson were the other two big names in contention, but both have missed out. In a statement, Stenson said: "I am absolutely thrilled and delighted to be the European Ryder Cup Captain – it is a huge honour and I was humbled to get the call confirming the news. I would like to thank the selection panel for believing in me and will say to them, and every European golf fan, that I will do everything in my power and leave no stone unturned in the quest to get the Ryder Cup back in European hands. “The Ryder Cup is golf, and sport, at its very best. I got goosebumps every time I pulled on a European shirt as a player and that will be magnified in the role of Captain. While it is great for me personally, it is also great for my country and all the players from Sweden who have played for Europe with such distinction since Joakim Haeggman became the first in 1993. “When I started out as a professional golfer, it was beyond my wildest dreams that, one day, I would follow in the footsteps of legends of the game such as Seve and be the European Ryder Cup Captain. But today proves that, sometimes, dreams do come true.”  Lee Westwood had been favourite to succeed Padraig Harrington as captain but pulled out of the running in November to try to make it to Rome as a player and break Nick Faldo’s record for most appearances. It will be a tough challenge for Europe in Italy after being thrashed 19-9 by the Americans at Whistling Straits last September. The US are sticking with their selection system of six captain’s picks that worked so well for them in Wisconsin and will be able to call upon largely the same group of players in Rome. Europe have a proud home record having not lost on their own soil since 1993 but Zach Johnson, who was named as the US captain a fortnight ago, is confident he has the personnel - and the attitude - to end that run. “The way I'm wired is I love it when individuals, teams, entities, go into a situation that's very trying - a situation where they are probably not supposed to win but do,” said Johnson. “I love stretching myself. I love being uncomfortable. I think that's kind of an odd thing but I like when it's hard.   “It is going to be hard but it's also just a beautiful opportunity to go out there and give these guys an avenue to be themselves and play with freedom and that's how I'm going to approach it. I'm looking forward to just getting after it in Italy.” Europe have three of the world's top ten compared to America’s six and one current Major champion in Jon Rahm to America’s two.