The former Birds of a Feather actress called her Loose Women co-star a “miserable cow" after Carol shared her grocery shopping pet peeve. The ITV panel discussed their likes and dislikes about food shopping at their local supermarkets. However, Carol sparked division among viewers when she told her co-stars she wished there was a separate lane for shoppers who wanted to talk. She went on to add there should be a lane for people who want to “get in and get out”. Ruth Langsford began the segment by explaining a supermarket in France had introduced a “chit chat checkout” for those wanting to have a natter while shopping. “I quite like this idea as I like a chit chat at the supermarket,” Ruth admitted. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps Agreeing with Ruth, Carol replied: “Oh my God, this is the best idea ever because I love France, I love the French and I love everything about the place.” “But supermarkets are hell, butchers are hell, the fruit shop is hell, why? Because they just chat,” she raged. “They’re all having a chat,” Carol continued before Linda interrupted: “What is wrong with having a chat?” Carol added: “The queue is going back three miles because they’re all in there having a chat, especially when you’re only allowed one person in the shop and they’re in there for half an hour.” “It seriously does my head in,” Carol laughed before Linda hit back: “Well, you are a miserable cow.” “This is brilliant this lane, so if they want to go and have a chat go down that lane and then all the other people who are miserable like me and can get out the supermarket as fast as possible,” Carol explained. “A misery lane,” Ruth suggested as Coleen Nolan joked: “For you and Janet [Street-Porter].” Linda disagreed with her co-star as she admitted she loves to have a chat with people while at the supermarket. DON'T MISS...Law and Order SVU: Viewers hail 'powerful' statement about assault  [REACTION]Michael Mosley sparks uproar speculating Shane Warne's death [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow guest taken aback by value of vase used as a bin [INSIGHT] “It’s nice to have a chat,” she said. “It’s nice to be nice, Carol.” Despite admitting she likes to chat while out shopping, Coleen said: “I am aware there are people behind me like Carol, so I do try and not tell them my whole life story.” “I am one of those who forgets something and I’m like, ‘Oh, I won’t be a minute,'” Linda added. The panel also discussed whether they liked going food shopping with their partners. Carol explained she hated the thought of going shopping with her partner, branding it a “complete nightmare”. The segment left viewers divided, and while some agreed with Carol, others admitted they liked to chat with other people at the supermarket. Linda tweeted: “Nothing wrong with supermarket chit chat there are many lonely people out there that is their only conversation they get during the day.” (Sic) Kay tweeted: “I love Carol! I am Carol! I don’t want a chat at the supermarket.” Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.