Rishi Sunak is facing mounting pressure to tackle soaring household bills as Britons face the worst cost of living crisis since World War 2. With war raging in Ukraine and the cost of fuel already skyrocketing, forecasters are not expecting any huge revelations from the Chancellor’s Spring Statement – but new figures offer some hope. New data released by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) on Tuesday shows the UK Government has borrowed £21.2billion less than expected so far in 2021. The figures show that Government borrowing in the financial year to February 2022 was £138.4billion. This is the third-highest since records began in 1993, but £2.4billion down from the same period last year. And, it is far less than the £159.6billion forecast by the Office for Budget Responsibility for this year. Additionally, the figures show the Government collected £53.7billion in taxes this February, up by more than £4billion in comparison with last year. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak in 'precarious position' ahead of mini-Budget  According to analysts, this could mean the Chancellor has more to play with than expected in his budget. Sir Charlie Bean, who was responsible for economic forecasts at the OBR until December, told the BBC that the borrowing figures, coupled with rising inflation and the improved tax receipts would mean that the chancellor might have more "wiggle room" at Wednesday's spring statement. He said it could mean Mr Sunak has somewhere between £25billion and £50billion "to play with", depending on how the OBR forecasts the cost of living for the coming period. James Smith, research director at the Resolution Foundation think-tank, said the UK’s finances were in “better shape than expected”, given the pandemic and ongoing Ukraine crisis.  He said: “The Chancellor will approach the UK's latest crisis – the tightest income squeeze in generations, exacerbated by the Russian invasion of Ukraine – with the public finances in better shape than expected." He called on Mr Sunak to increase tax revenues to provide emergency income support to families through the cost of living crisis. However, forecasters are not expecting much in the way of groundbreaking announcements from Mr Sunak. While borrowing may be less than forecast, public sector debt is at its highest since the early Sixties. DON'T MISS: ‘Woke brigade’ attack over Johnson's Ukraine comment deemed ‘pathetic’ [INSIGHT]POLL: Do YOU think MPs colluded with Remainers to stop Brexit? [POLL]UK still sending BILLIONS to EU! Brexit betrayal as Britain bled dry [ANALYSIS]   The Government has borrowed billions of pounds to spend on measures designed to limit the impact of the coronavirus pandemic such as the furlough scheme and test and trace over the last few years. The latest set of ONS figures shows inflation – which is soaring in the UK – has hit the Government too, as spiked interest rates mean higher debt payments. Interest payments reached £8.2billion last month, the highest amount recorded in February since records began in April 1997 and up £1billion on last year. These payments follow the Retail Prices Index (RPI) measure of inflation – which reached 7.8 percent in January.  In response to these figures, Mr Sunak said: “The ongoing uncertainty caused by global shocks means it's more important than ever to take a responsible approach to the public finances. "With inflation and interest rates still on the rise, it's crucial that we don't allow debt to spiral and burden future generations with further debt." Hoa Duong, an economist at consultancy firm PwC, cast doubt on any major announcements. She said: "In the Spring Statement we expect the Chancellor to continue his cautious approach and prioritise balancing the books. “Therefore any financial support, including reducing pressure on households' cost of living, is likely to be limited.” 