On Saturday, James Martin hosted his weekly programme James Martin’s Saturday Morning, where the star was joined by guest chef Cyrus Todiwala and singing sensation Carly Paoli. Opening up the programme with a classic dessert dish, James was preparing a mouth-watering scone, which was triple the size of a normal portion. After the sweet treat had been rolled out across the countertop, the restaurateur decided to add the filling and used the opportunity to address his critics. While pasting a huge dollop of clotted cream to the unusually large scone, James began: “I get criticised for this type of food quite a lot, really.” He continued: “Not by the crew. “But I've kind of hardened to it over the years,” he jested: “Like my arteries." Guest chef Cyrus weighed in on the criticism, saying: “But I tell you what, if people want to just spoil themselves once in a while, then do it well. “You don't have to eat it 24/7,” he pointed out. READ MORE:Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? Disagreeing with his fellow cook, James stated: “Yes, but you do.” Laughter began to fill the studio as the restauranter continued to prepare the sweet treat which had been thickly covered, forming a cloud-like shape, with cream. Making reference to the dessert fillings, Cyrus quipped: “For me and you, it’s okay.” James chuckled: “Don’t disappoint everybody.” Swiftly running through the ingredients, James said “In this recipe, you need half a kilo of clotted cream.” Cyrus remarked: “That’s half a kilo or more than that? “James, that’s one kilo,” He pointed out: “There’s 3/4 of a kilo there.” Embarrassed by the amount, the TV chef said “Shhh, it’s half a kilo.”  After putting the two sides of the scone together, James confessed: “Noknow Johnny will be a bit upset at this point. The food enthusiast had decided to put jam on the top side of the cream, rather than underneawhich is considered to be the “Devonshire way”. Taking a swipe at the crew member, the cook said: “To be honest with you if you're that upset then just flip it ove “Solves all the problems in the world, doesn’t it really?”  Later on in the programme, James spoke with Carly Paoli about her latest album while he prepared a fish dish. Chef and close pal Cyrus also cooked up a chilli infused dragon chicken recipe and although James had claimed to be a fan of spice, even the popular cook was struggling with the fumes which had begun to circulate around the kitchen. The indo-chinese dish was later praised for its variety of flavours which had been mixed into the chicken strips. James Martin's Saturday Mornng airs Saturday on ITV at 9.30am