Mr Farage, a presenter on GB News, suggested Ukraine could hold a referendum to decide whether or not regions in the east join Russia. The Donbas region hosts a strong Russian community - and Vladimir Putin claims his invasion is to protect Russians from a "neo-Nazi" regime. Mr Farage believed allowing those citizens a vote on whether or not they joined Russia could be the solution to the war. Speaking on GB News, Mr Farage believed he had a solution for the conflict as further peace talks are scheduled next week between Russia and Ukraine. He said: "Those two eastern provinces are Russian speaking provinces in the same way that Crimea was back in 2014. "And I think a peace deal could be struck if Vladimir Putin still possesses a rational function and it would mean Ukraine effectively having to say to those to eastern provinces... "Okay, you have a referendum, you decide your future, you decide whether you stay part of Ukraine or whether you join Russia. "And, of course, the likelihood is they would join Russia but hey, in a referendum, as we learned, you can never ever predict the result. "It would mean Ukraine making quite a major concession but it may just be that's the only way to get Putin to withdraw all of his forces." Mr Farage believes China could be the peace broker in the situation as he does not trust Joe Biden to do so. He added that, if China aligns itself with Russia, it could forever damage its international reputation and push away trade partners.  The Donbas region has a strong Russian population of families who fled the country. Russia has recognised Donetsk and Luhansk as breakaway republics which are areas known for pro-Russian sentiments. Putin claims his invasion is to protect the civilians living there and to "demilitarise" the country. Russia has laid out its demands to Ukraine if a peace deal is to be agreed. Among these demands includes demilitarisation, becoming politically neutral by not joining NATO or the EU and recognising Crimea as part of Russia. Don't Miss:Winston Churchill's terrifying 'showdown' scenario with Soviet Russia[OPINION]Putin’s ‘weak and insecure’ after ‘strongman’ image dismantled[ANALYSIS]Putin's 'long-term strategic thinking' behind Ukraine invasion[INSIGHT]  Ukraine has refused these demands but diplomats believe talks have made some progress. Mykhailo Podolyak, Ukrainian negotiator and presidential adviser, said: "We will not concede in principle on any positions. Russia now understands this. Russia is already beginning to talk constructively. "I think that we will achieve some results literally in a matter of days." President Zelensky said in a video message on Monday: "Our goal is that in this struggle, in this difficult negotiating work, Ukraine will get the necessary result... for peace and security." 