Local media reported that a man has been arrested for stabbing his wife to death. Local police received a report about a dead body being found inside an apartment in Al Qalyubia. According to Gulf News, the woman was stabbed in the back multiple times. The attack reportedly occurred after a heated altercation between the couple. According to eyewitnesses, the altercation took place after the victim asked her husband to give her five Egyptian pounds to buy some basic necessities. He refused to give her the money and became violent, stabbing her to death using a kitchen knife. The woman was reportedly a minor forced to marry the man by her mother following the death of her father. The man was arrested by the police following the discovery of the victim's body. Her mother was also arrested for forcing her daughter into marriage while still a minor. In Egypt, arranged marriages are usually referred to as "salon marriages", because couples usually meet for the first time in the sitting room of the bride’s house. They are usually under the supervision of her family. READ MORE: Egypt news: 'Strange’ spots discovered in Tutankhamun’s tomb explained While there are no laws criminalizing forced marriage in Egypt, the age of consent in the country was raised to 18 in 2008 by an amendment to Egypt’s child protection laws. However, the age requirement is often not followed, with NGO and government agencies reporting high rates of underage marriage. As of 2016, 16.5 percent of 18 to 22-year-old women in Egypt reported having married as children. DON'T MISS: Nuclear war warning: World on brink as conflict could turn atomic [REPORT] Ukraine horror: Putin recruits 40,000 'ISIS' fighters [REVEAL] Panic erupts at 'creepy' orange sky - Saharan dust cloud covers London [INSIGHT] Marriage in Egypt is primarily governed by religious-based laws. The Muslim population is subject to Egyptian Personal Law, based on Shari’ah. Women cannot freely marry without the permission of a male guardian and are often excluded from marriage negotiations.