The Russian President had already raised the prospect of a nuclear war last week when he reminded the West of Russia’s devastating nuclear arsenal. In a veiled threat, he said: “Whoever tries to hinder us should know that Russia’s response will be immediate. And it will lead you to such consequences that you have never encountered in your history.” Putin oversaw major air, sea and land-based nuclear missile drills earlier this month in an apparent warning to NATO. The mere thought of a nuclear war had been inconceivable just days ago, yet Putin’s ongoing threat has raised alert levels across the world. Russia has the most nuclear warheads in the world with 4,447, though this number is substantially down on the stockpiles it once held during the Cold War. Plans were implemented for the BBC to broadcast a ‘four-minute warning’ to Britons during the Cold War — and Express.co.uk has unearthed the transcript. The message advised Britons that there was “nothing to be gained by trying to get away” and that leaving home posed a much greater risk. The message urged people to remain indoors, since roofs and walls offer substantial protection from the radioactive fallout that follows a nuclear explosion. READ MORE: UK ready to unleash nuclear power on Russia to stop Putin Britons would have been told: “Make sure gas and other fuel supplies are turned off and that all fires are extinguished. “If mains water is available, this can be used for fire-fighting. “You should also refill all your containers for drinking water after the fires have been put out, because the mains water supply may not be available for very long.” It continued: “Water must not be used for flushing lavatories: until you are told that lavatories may be used again, other toilet arrangements must be made. “Use your water only for essential drinking and cooking purposes. Water means life. Don't waste it. “Make your food stocks last: ration your supply, because it may have to last for 14 days or more. “If you have fresh food in the house, use this first to avoid wasting it: food in tins will keep.” The message then urged those in areas where fallout warnings had been given to stay at home until told otherwise. It said: “When the immediate danger has passed the sirens will sound a steady note. The ‘all clear’ message will also be given on this wavelength. “If you leave the fallout room to go to the lavatory or replenish food or water supplies, do not remain outside the room for a minute longer than is necessary. DON'T MISS:Sixty Britons heading to Ukraine to fight Putin's army [NEW]Nuclear weapons MAPPED: The eight countries that could take on Russia [INSIGHT]'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship [QUOTES] “Do not, in any circumstances, go outside the house. Radioactive fallout can kill. “You cannot see it or feel it, but it is there. If you go outside, you will bring danger to your family and you may die. “Stay in your fallout room until you are told it is safe to come out or you hear the "all clear" on the sirens.” The broadcast was never aired, and was scrapped in 1992. Fast forward 30 years and the Government is preparing to launch its own ‘Emergency Alerts’ service this year, which will warn the public if there is a danger to life nearby. The US Government’s advice, meanwhile, urges people to prepare for potential nuclear explosions now — but that does not mean an attack is imminent. It suggests identifying best shelter locations near to where you spend a lot of time, and to make sure an emergency supply kit is prepared for a place you may need to stay for 24 hours and beyond. These kits should include bottled water, packaged foods, emergency medicines, a hand-crank of battery-powered radio, a torch and extra batteries. Though the warnings are in place, with the BBC predicted to have their own new plan, experts predict a nuclear war would almost certainly never happen. Dr Jack Watling, research fellow at the Royal United Services Institute think tank, told The Times: “I don’t think there is any risk they are going to use nuclear weapons either in response to sanctions or against Ukraine.” Professor Mark Galeotti, associate fellow at the Council on Geostrategy, sought to ease fears. He told the newspaper that it is an unusual move from Putin but “we need to be cautious as this is about signalling”. All Putin has done, he said, is raise the alert level from the lowest level to the one above. He said: “We are not at the stage where he is putting warheads on rockets.” This was echoed by defence secretary Ben Wallace on Monday morning. He dismissed Putin’s order as part of the Kremlin’s “battle of rhetoric”, adding that it was merely a “big attempt to distract away from his troubles in Ukraine”.