Wheeler Dealers is a British TV series, fronted by car enthusiast and former dealer Mike Brewer. Edd China was the show's original mechanic between series one and 13, but he was replaced by Ant Anstead in 2017 until 2021. Former Formula One mechanic Marc 'Elvis' Priestley took over from Ant and has been on the show ever since. The programme follows Mike as he tries to save old vehicles, by repairing them on a budget. In a recent interview with Radio 2 host Steve Wright, Mike discussed new spin-off series, Wheeler Dealers: Dream cars. The presenter admitted the latest series has been an emotional one. "Dream cars is all about me and my co-presenter Elvis trading up some worthy person's old banger and they've got a dream car that will change their life in some way." READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role He continued: "We will change their old banger and through a series of trades with my co-presenter and partner in crime Elvis, we will trade their old banger up to get them the car of their dreams." "That's a fantastic thing," Steve replied. "I bet you've had people in tears." "We've had floods of tears," the presenter admitted. "We've got a guy called Aaron who came here from Granada many, many years ago. "He's worked really hard during the lockdown, lost his job and then got a brand new baby, his wife is from Hungary and he's never going to get the chance to show his child's grandparents in Hungary their grandchild unless he can drive there." Mike went on to explain they managed to get him an Audi Q7 because he wanted "something big to transport the family". "We started him off with a little Skoda Fabia," the car fanatic said. "It was quite a journey." Discussing the difficulty of the car trading on the show, Mike added: "There was a young lady who does a lot of care in the community, she was desperate to get a car so she can get her kids to soccer practice and school. "Her car failed the MOT so that's be scrapped, but she asked me to get her a Mini Countryman but with no trade-in." DON'T MISS...Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? [CAST]Emmerdale's Zoe Henry pays sweet tribute to ITV co-star [VIDEO]Brenda Blethyn details how she transforms into beloved DCI Vera [INSIGHT] Recalling the episode, Mike said: "I started off with just £500, the price of a games console and I've got to try and get a Mini Countryman with it. "That set me off on a series of trades where you're scratching your brain thinking, 'What am I going to do with £500?'" Despite the challenges he and Elvis face, Mike explained: "We never give up, we just keep going. "I've done appeals on social media saying 'I am looking for this and I'm looking for that' and the world has come to my aid."  Mike also recently opened up about the new series in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. He admitted he and the team have "really challenged ourselves this time to trade up for people that really deserve it". “We start off with their old banger and trade up to the car of their dreams," he said. “We’ve got some great stories this time. There are some people, this is their last hoorah." Wheeler Dealers: Dream Car airs on Monday on the Discovery Channel at 9pm or on Discovery+.