Exercise may help prevent stroke partially by helping to reduce other risk factors, including high blood pressure and obesity. The NHS says: “For most people, at least 150 minutes (two hours and 30 minutes) of moderate-intensity aerobic activity, such as cycling or fast walking, every week is recommended. If you're recovering from a stroke, you should discuss possible exercise plans with the members of your rehabilitation team.”  An American Heart Association meta analysis looked at physical activity and stroke risk. The meta analysis documented that there was a reduction in stroke risk for active or fit individuals compared with inactive or unfit persons in cohort, case-control, and both study types combined. Overall, moderately active individuals had a 20 percent lower risk and highly active individuals had a 27 percent lower risk of stroke incidence or mortality than the low-active individuals. Both ischaemic and haemorrhagic strokes were lower in moderately and highly active individuals. READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: Symptoms in the face that signal a lack of B12  It adds: “In conclusion, our meta-analysis documents that moderately or highly active individuals have a reduced risk of stroke incidence or mortality. “Reduction of stroke risk is another reason to participate in regular and moderate- to high-intensity physical activity.” A study published in Springer Nature looked at the association between physical exercise and stroke recurrence among first-ever ischemic stroke survivors. Data were collected from January 2010 to June 2016. Baseline information was obtained during face-to-face interviews, and follow-up phone interviews were conducted every three months. Exercise type, frequency, intensity, and duration were recorded.  Walking was the most common form of exercise among the survivors of ischemic stroke, with more than half of the patients engaging in this type of activity. Low-intensity physical exercise had a protective effect on stroke recurrence, and there was a dose–response relationship between the two variables. Irregular exercise increased the risk of recurrence of the stroke. The Mayo Clinic says that “knowing your stroke risk factors, following your doctor's recommendations and adopting a healthy lifestyle” are the best steps you can take to prevent a stroke. In general, healthy lifestyle recommendations include controlling high blood pressure, and healthy lifestyle changes and medications are often used to treat high blood pressure.   The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) says anxiety, depression, and high stress levels are all risk factors. It adds: “Working long hours and not having much contact with friends, family, or others outside the home are also linked with higher risk of stroke.” There are also a number of risk factors, including unhealthy lifestyle habits, such as eating unhealthy foods, not getting regular physical activity, drinking alcohol, and using illegal drugs such as cocaine. The signs and symptoms of a stroke vary from person to person, but usually begin suddenly.  The main stroke symptoms include changes to the face. Your face may have dropped on one side, the person may not be able to smile, or their mouth or eye may have drooped. Signs may also occur on the arms – “the person may not be able to lift both arms and keep them there because of weakness or numbness in one arm”, says the NHS. Their speech may be slurred or garbled, “or the person may not be able to talk at all despite appearing to be awake” and “they may also have problems understanding what you're saying to them”, adds the health body. Call 999 immediately if you notice any of these signs or symptoms. 