Haas driver Nikita Mazepin reportedly faces the very real prospect of being banned from a second F1 race this season following the decision by the British Motorsport Association on Wednesday. The FIA held an emergency meeting on Tuesday to discuss the ongoing Russian war in Ukraine. It was decided that all Russian drivers would still be able to race in their respective categories, albeit under the banner of a neutral entrant. The Russian Grand Prix scheduled for this year has already been cancelled with Haas also removing all sponsorship of Uralkali from their 2022 car. But there remains uncertainty on Mazepin's immediate future in F1 with the Russian driver already banned from racing the British Grand Prix until further notice. David Richards, Chair of Motorsport UK said: "The entire Motorsport UK community condemns the acts of war by Russia and Belarus in Ukraine and expresses its solidarity and support towards all those affected by the ongoing conflict. JUST IN: Russell shade thrown by Red Bull chief Marko in Perez comparison  "We stand united with the people of Ukraine and the motorsport community following the invasion and the unacceptable actions that have unfolded. This is a time for the international motorsport community to act and show support for the people of Ukraine and our colleagues at the Federation Automobile d'Ukraine (FAU). "It is our duty to use whatever influence and leverage we might have to bring this wholly unjustified invasion of Ukraine to a halt. "We would encourage the motorsport community and our colleagues around the world to fully embrace the recommendations of the International Olympic Committee and do whatever we can to end this war." But Silverstone may not be the only track Mazepin will be banned from racing at this year with Motorsport Australia also considering following in the footsteps of the UK. DON'T MISS  "The matter is under review in consultation with federal authorities and the Australian Grand Prix Corporation," a Motorsport Australia spokesperson told Motorsport.com. The report points out that Mazepin would be unable to race Down Under if a similar ban is put in place on Russian drivers. Haas are yet to confirm whether or not Mazepin will stay with the team and drive alongside Mick Schumacher this season. Speaking last week, Haas team principal admitted that Mazepin's future still "needs to be resolved". “It [Mazepin’s future] needs to be resolved, I said it before, not everything depends from us here what is happening,” Steiner said. “There’s governments involved, I have no power over them, and we also need to see how the situation develops in Ukraine. “He puts a tough face on it. For sure it bothers him, his own country, Russia. About guarantees, no guarantees anywhere, as I said before we need to see how this develops. “There’s more than F1 teams here, there’s governments, so I have no guarantees from that side.”