Temperatures are set to plummet on Wednesday as icy conditions close in on Britain from the north, with snow and sleet forecast for areas of Scotland and the north of England. The bitter weather front is set to move down across the UK over the next few days, with regions in the north, central and south all at risk from snow and ice as the mercury nosedives. Sub-zero temperatures are expected throughout the British Isles, marking a dramatic shift from the warmth and sunshine of the previous week. The Scottish Highlands could be gripped by lows of -7C, dashing hopes that springtime could be just around the corner. Maximum temperatures will barely scrape half of the highs seen last week, with the south of England seeing the warmest of the chilly conditions. Forecasters have said a cold low pressure front was to blame for the unusually chilly weather. The IBM Weather Company said the weather was “turning colder from Wednesday and into Thursday when low pressure over Scandinavia will bring cold air from the north over Europe that will also spread over the British Isles. “Minimum temperatures in the Highlands -5 to -7 C. Wind chill temperatures are expected to equivalent to be -1 to -2C in places along the east coast of England and Scotland in a moderate to fresh north-easterly wind.  “Conditions will remain colder than normal after Thursday, although gradually less cold with temperatures back to normal by Monday when a milder westerly air flow is expected. Maximum temperatures will range from 5 to 11 C in the north to 4 to 14 C in the south.” The forecaster said “rain and light snow or sleet” could be expected at lower levels as well as higher areas. The Met Office issued a whopping nine yellow weather warnings on Wednesday as the wintry conditions began to engulf the UK. Snowfall and hail showers were expected in regions across Scotland, the north east of England and Yorkshire from Wednesday night into Thursday morning, with warnings that the winter blast would lead to travel disruption and higher risks of accidents. The Met Office said that the freezing conditions were set to stay for the next few days, with snow of up to 5cm expected in parts of Scotland, Northumberland and the North York Moors. Yellow warnings were issued for regions including Orkney and Shetland, Strathclyde, Yorkshire and the Humber and the East Midlands from Wednesday into Thursday as the polar front sweeps Britain. READ MORE: UK weather forecast: Snow to fall through blood red skies  The Met Office said: "Further wintry showers overnight Wednesday and early Thursday may lead to fairly widespread icy patches, particularly on untreated surfaces. "Some accumulations of snow are also possible, particularly across eastern Scotland and hillier areas of northeast England. 1-2 cm accumulations are possible mainly above 100 m, with 5 cm over parts of Scotland, Northumberland and the North York Moors above 200-300 m." Areas at risk span across the UK, from Aberdeen to Derbyshire. The Met Office said the "arctic air" would stream "right across the country", with snow showers, cold frost and biting winds forecast across the UK. Snow could reach up to 8cm in some areas, forecasters have warned, with Wednesday expected to be the "most extreme in terms of wintry weather" as the icy front pushed southwards. The winter weather is due to stay for the rest of the week, with temperatures beginning to slowly climb at the weekend. DON'T MISS:PMQs LIVE: Boris and Commons erupts as Starmer demands PM RESIGN [LIVE]London clings onto top spot in ranking for global cities [LATEST]Where will it snow in the UK over the next 24 hours- forecast [BREAKING]   However, forecasters do not expect a quick return to the balmy conditions of last week, with temperatures set to remain low into next week. Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk: “I don't expect to see summer-like temperatures like what we just had, into 20 degrees, next week at all. We're a million miles away from it. “British summer time has just started and so it seems has British winter time.” Mr Dale added that, while cold temperatures were not unusual for this time of year, it was strange to have such a dramatic shift from unseasonably warm to bitterly cold, and the change would come as a “bit of a shock” to both people and wildlife. He said: ”Snow at Easter is twice as likely as snow at Christmas, so it’s not unusual to have a cold plunge in and around the end of March and into the early part of April. Maybe one in three or four years you get a cold blast. “What is making this a bit odd is we just had the opposite side. We’re just coming out of a really nice warm spell.” He added: “This time of year you can get this swinging around, depending on the air stream that we’re in.” 