Piers Morgan's wife Celia Walden took to social media today to wish her husband a happy "storm-out-aversary" a year on from his dramatic resignation from Good Morning Britain. Piers had suggested at the time that his options were to resign or be fired, after comments made about Meghan Markle. "Happy Storm-out-aversary!" she captioned the infamous photo of her husband walking off-air. She added encouragingly: "Onwards and upwards." The comment had been prompted by Piers' announcement that his new show, Piers Uncensored, is due to hit TV screens soon. An unrepentant Piers, who was ultimately cleared by Ofcom over his comments about Meghan, teased that it would be ready soon and delivered with the aim of "annoying all the right people". READ NOW: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star In the Twitter preview of the new show, the same footage of Piers storming off after the debate set off viewers' anticipation. He added that he desired to put a stop to "the cancel culture which has infected societies around the world". The video was uploaded to his account today, accompanied by a message from the man himself, teasing: "ANNOUNCEMENT Trigger warning: I’m back.. and I’m uncensored." While it's unlikely that any of those who match Piers' description of "woke" will be watching happily, his almost eight million Twitter fans are eagerly awaiting a date for the show's first airing. Yesterday Piers shared a further taste of what was to come by firing off a tweet telling his audience: "It's a year today since I declared that I didn't believe a word Meghan Markle said in her royal-trashing Oprah whine-athon." Then he added ominously: "I still don't." He has previously invited Meghan to be the first guest on his TalkTV show for further questioning. She has not publicly responded to Piers' comments. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [REACTION] Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [LATEST] ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [INSIGHT]  "A year ago today I was forced to leave a job that I loved at the peak of its success for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion," Piers began in his Instagram announcement video. "Well, this shouldn't happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression." He continued: "I'm delighted to be returning to live television with a new primetime show whose main purpose will be to cancel the cancel culture which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate... and that increasingly taboo three letter word - fun." He added: "I want it to annoy all the right people. "I'm Piers Morgan, uncensored." Within a few hours of publication, the post had garnered more than 328,000 views. The question on many followers' lips seemed simply to be: "When can we watch?"