The latest episode of Big Sky was dedicated to David Suapaia, an actor and member of the crew behind-the-scenes of the Katheryn Winnick and Kylie Bunbury-led crime drama. His cause of death is not currently known, but the ABC series and his family have been paying tribute to his life and career. David has appeared as an actor in the films 50 First Dates and 1,000 Ways To Die. He was also close to the television industry, though his role on the crew of Big Sky is not yet known. He worked with Teamsters Local 399, Hollywood, a team which includes dispatchers, mechanics, animal experts and more vital production roles. While his contributions to Big Sky are currently unclear, he was a friend of the show and his role was important enough to warrant a touching title card in the closing seconds of the episode. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? David’s tribute will remain a valuable commemoration to the loving father and husband when the episode is repeated on ABC and streamed on Disney+. He is survived by his only son, Dillon, as his wife Denise passed away in 2015. Following David’s passing, friend of the family Greagrey Waldrop set up a GoFundMe page in his honour, which has so far raised $25,000 out of a $30,000 goal. Greagrey’s message reads: “If you were fortunate to know him, be hugged by him, laugh with him, or listen to him sing…, (he had the sweet voice of an angel, and it was one of his favourite things to do!) “He was affectionately known as Big Dave, and he loved those in his life deeply. Aside from his passion for singing, he loved to joke around, tell stories, and have fun. “He had a larger than life personality and was a gentle giant. If you ever had the pleasure of working with him, or sharing life, then, you were blessed by David Suapaia!” David was a devout Christian and known as a loving father, brother, uncle, son and friend, as well as a valuable member of the Teamster family. Greagrey and David’s family are raising money to contribute towards his memorial and burial, and to help Dillon after the loss of his parents. DON'T MISS:The Gilded Age dealt major boost ahead of season 2 [LATEST]The Conners delayed: ABC show off-air during season 5 uncertainty [UPDATE]Jason Donovan shrugs off Neighbours’ cancellation [COMMENT] In a recent update, Greagrey said: “This is a hard loss… especially for Dillon. We will all miss Dave… his laughter, his singing, his stories, his kindness, and his gentle spirit. “We humbly ask that you continue to share this GoFundMe, to help Dillon financially in his future, where his dad would have helped out.” His life will undoubtedly be fondly remembered by the cast and crew of Big Sky, which is currently heading towards the end of its second season. In episode 13, Shipping News, Jenny Hoyt (played by Katheryn Winnick) finds herself one step behind the Bhullars yet again. The action kicks off when Jenny discovers Cassie Dewell (Kylie Bunbury) in the back of an ambulance after her run-in with Ronald Pergman (Brian Geraghty), and concludes with a shocking death for the series. This thrilling edition of Big Sky will serve as a heartfelt reminder of David’s crucial work on the series whenever it’s watched on ABC or streaming. Meanwhile, the series is continuing its impressive primetime streak, with new episodes airing on Thursday nights over the next two weeks. Big Sky season 2 continues Thursdays on ABC in the USA and is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK.