Rocky Cotton (played by Brian Conley) began the year in hospital after suffering a heart attack and was forced to miss out on the recent charity boxing match because of his ill health. His fellow EastEnders residents believe Rocky to be relatively fit and healthy but could he be hiding a tragic secret as he vows to regain the trust of Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) and Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth)? In recent BBC soap scenes, Rocky decided to move out of the Queen Vic to get the Carters some well-needed space to grieve. He made this decision despite not having any way to stay or any form of income. The cheeky chappy turned to Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) who was reluctant at first to let him stay. However, after some persuasion, the taxi driver agreed to let Rocky move in. The reformed conman explained he planned to pay his way by taking a job at the undertakers. Read more: EastEnders double exit as Mick and Shirley Carter leave Square? But, in Tuesday’s EastEnders, it became clear he was not suitable for the role. During an interview with Rainie Highway (Tanya Franks), Rocky run out of the premises retching. He said: “I’ll be fine in a minute it’s just the smell of the chemicals.” “I thought you’d said you worked in a funeral parlour before,” Rainie questioned. “I’ll be fine I’ve just never seen an actual [body before],” he replied. Furious with the interviewee, Rainie said: “You’re trial shift is over mate.” Spotting the commotion, Kathy went over to Rocky once Rainie had stormed off back inside the undertakers. “You an undertaker? You go green watching Silent Witness,” Kathy quipped. “Anyway, what happened to your job at the Vic?” Rocky answered: “Well it’s closed for the foreseeable and I’ll take anything I can get around here.” DON'T MISSEastEnders' Gray Atkins to lose custody of his children? [INSIGHT]EastEnders’ Tiffany Butcher to reunite with Keegan? [THEORY]EastEnders' Whitney gets justice for Kush after Gray falls for trap? [SPOILER] “The world is bigger than Walford and I hope you’re not sticking around here thinking you can fix things between us, you are nothing to me,” Kathy swiped. “You don’t mean that I know you don’t,” the reformed conman remarked. “Whatever feelings I had for you Rocky they're dead like the bodies in there,” the business owner hit back. Rocky cried out: “I love you Kathy Beale and that ain’t ever going to change.” The imposter is determined to make things right with both Kathy and Sonia after pretending to be the latter’s father. However, could his insistence on staying in Walford be released to his health? Rocky owes the two Walford ladies money and may be determined to pay it back quickly because he knows he doesn’t have much time left. The cheeky chappy recovered from a near-fatal heart attack and may have received devastating news from his doctor during a follow-up appointment. If he’s chosen to keep such tragic news quiet, will Rocky get the chance to make amends before it’s too late? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.