Political commentator Benedict Spence warned that this was the first time in a long time that the world was close to seeing nuclear warfare being used. Vladimir Putin has threatened to use Russia's nuclear weapons and has put them on high alert due to not getting the results he wanted out of invading neighbouring Ukraine. Mr Spence advocated for rational decision-making from the UK Government in response to Putin's threats as nuclear weapons cause devastating effects.  Mr Spence told LBC: "I think again, we have to be very careful about saying if Vladimir Putin launches a small nuclear attack on say an airbase inside Ukraine, does that mean we go hell for leather? "And we respond with everything that we have? No, and you know again, it requires calm heads In that situation to say because... "Let us be very clear it's not all talk we are closer now to nuclear war than we have been since the Cuban missile crisis. "And again, I think people don't necessarily understand how close we were, even then." JUST IN: Russian tank purposely swerves into car to crush civilian in horror attack - VIDEO     The cause of all the worry from political leaders and the general public is due to the Russian dictator threatening to use Nuclear warfare to devastate the world after the West imposed various sanctions on Russia due to the invasion. In a statement provided by a Russian state media agency TASS, Putin said: “Senior officials of the leading NATO countries also allow aggressive statements against our country, therefore I order the Minister of Defense and the Chief of the General Staff [of the Russian Armed Forces] to transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty.”  Ukrainian activist Daria Kaleniuk urged British Prime Minister Boris Johnson to send NATO troops to shoot down Russian military planes bombing Ukraine, by creating a no-fly zone. READ MORE: 'Thought we were saving you' Putin under threat as Russians growing wary of propaganda "When you talk about the no-fly zone, as I've said to (Ukrainian President) Volodymyr Zelensky, I think a couple of times, unfortunately, the implication of that is the UK would be engaged in shooting down Russian planes, would be engaged in direct combat with Russia - that's not something we can do. Mr Wallace added: "This is predominantly about Putin putting it on the table just to remind people, remind the world, that he has a deterrent. "We will not do anything to escalate in that area, we will not do anything to feed any miscalculation, we take it very, very seriously. "But at the moment this is a battle of rhetoric that President Putin is deploying, and we just have to make sure we manage it properly." Putin has been running nuclear exercises with pal Belarussian President Lukashenko as the West watch on and wonder if this is just another intimidation tactic or the preparation for the real thing. 