Dominic Thiem has opened up on the emotions he felt after making his long awaited return to the tennis court. The Austrian suffered an injury-plagued season in 2021 and last played in June of that year due to problems with his right wrist. He finally returned at a challenger event in Marbella yesterday, losing 3-6, 4-6 to Argentina's Pedro Cachín. The 2020 US Open champion took to Instagram to address his return and how he felt being able to play once again. He wrote: “Today’s been one of those days with big emotions and mixed feelings. You can imagine how happy I was today to be on a tennis court, doing what I love the most: playing tennis and competing again. After all these months, all those setbacks I had in the past few months, I was able to play again to feel the adrenaline of the competition. I felt like a player again.” Despite coming up short in his comeback match, the now world number 50 accepts he has a long way to go to recapture his best form, but is determined to put the work in. “Obviously, the result today is the bitter part. I would have wanted to win, and I have to accept the defeat in a humble manner. This is only the beginning of a long way to the top of my game,” he added. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz blows Andy Roddick away with Miami Open win - 'He is the real deal'  “This is something I knew could happen and the only thing I can say is that I am going to give it all to try to come back to my best level. Once again, I want to thank all of you for your support, and you can count on me to try and give my best. Next: Marrakech!” Another former grand slam champion, Stan Wawrinka, also made his return at the Marbella challenger event. The Swiss star has been out for a year due to a foot injury and after extensive rehab, he is now back on the court. The three-time major winner succumbed to a 6-2, 6-4 first-round loss against World No. 131 Elias Ymer, but was keen to focus on the positives. “I think physically it was good, it was really positive,” Wawrinka said post match. “I was super happy to be back playing a tournament, to get the emotion, to get the stress of a match again. I was focused on trying to do my best with the level I have right now, and I knew it would be difficult, but in general I think it’s only a positive week for me. “I’ve been practising well and I’m going to keep practising and keep building for the next few weeks.” The 35-year-old is set to play at the Monte Carlo Masters next month and also plans to compete at the French Open, which he won in 2015. “There is a short-term goal, and a long-term goal,” he added. “It’s tough to say about timing. There is a lot of time until the French Open, so for sure I will be a completely different player, physically and tennis-wise. I’m not worried at all. I need to focus on the moment, to focus on what I’m doing today to get to the level I want to be [at]." 