Many state pensioners have been disappointed at the fact their sum will only rise by 3.1 percent this year. It follows the temporary abandonment of the triple lock mechanism, deemed unaffordable this year. The disappointment in this rise has been further compounded by soaring inflation which currently sits at 6.2 percent, but it expected to rise further. It is likely to create a “squeeze” on pockets in the short term as the cost of living crisis continues to bite. However, according to the latest analysis, short-term pain could mean long-term gain for pensioners. By April 2023, the state pension rise is forecast to be 7.5 percent according to Lane Clark Peacock. READ MORE: Sunak slammed for ‘shocking’ lack of support for pensioners This would represent the “biggest ever cash rise” in the state pension in its history. Indeed, by April 2024, LCP predicts the rate of the new state pension will soar past the £200 per week barrier. Data from LCP shows the state pension rate will reflect the surge in inflation by April 2023. As a 7.5 percent increase has been noted by the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), this is likely to be reflected in the pockets of pensioners. DON'T MISSPension reform may still be ‘on the agenda’ after Spring Statement [INSIGHT]Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 support after Sunak’s statement [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak slashes income tax 'for workers, pensioners & savers' [LATEST] In tangible terms, it would add over £10 per week to the basic state pension, and over £13 to the new state pension. Pensioners will, however, have to put up with the biggest fall in living standards since 1957/58 in the meantime. Some are disappointed the Chancellor did not offer them more support through his Spring Statement yesterday. But experts have pointed towards the £500million offered to local authorities in the form of “hardship funds”. Yesterday, the Chancellor announced the Household Support Fund would be doubled to £1billion. It means those pensioners who are in dire straits could approach their council for support. Money given will be judged on a case-by-case basis. Sir Steve Webb, former pensions minister and partner at LCP, said: “Pensioners are set to face a financial rollercoaster in the coming years with a tough squeeze this year followed by a catch-up next year. “The Spring Statement will have been a big disappointment, and some pensioners may find themselves having to apply to their council for hardship funds simply to make ends meet. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “But next year should see the biggest ever cash rise in the value of the state pension, as pension rates catch up. “The problem is that ‘jam tomorrow’ will not pay bills today.” The state pension, both old and new, will rise by 3.1 percent from April 11, 2022 onwards. The basic state pension will increase from  its current £137.60 per week to £141.85 weekly. The new state pension will undergo a rise from £179.60 per week to £185.15 per week. Recently, the Government also committed to the triple lock for the rest of the current parliament, once the measure is restored next tax year.