Johnny Herbert believes that Mercedes could well be dominant again in the upcoming Formula One season - because they fired up their new car for the new season before the turn of the year.  Driver-turned-pundit Herbert, who raced 165 times in F1, was in Barcelona for pre-season testing, where hopes that there will be a lot more competition for Mercedes this season were fuelled. McLaren and Ferrari in particular impressed to hint that they could be a real threat to the Silver Arrows in 2022. But Herbert believes Toto Wolff's team will still lead the pack and thinks they 'could have a dominant car again' having won all of the last eight Constructors' Championships. "I hear there was a 2022 car fire-up at Mercedes just before Christmas," Herbert said to Motorsport Magazine. "That’s how far it seems they are in preparation. I have a worry they could have a dominant car again. It’s very impressive – but let’s see.   "I don’t remember such early fire-ups in my day. Back then, cars at Christmas were still a piece of plywood!" It is not only the car that makes Mercedes one of the favourites in the upcoming season. Mercedes retained the services of seven-time champion Lewis Hamilton in January, but they have also replaced Valtteri Bottas with prodigy George Russell in the off-season after the Briton's three years with Williams. And Herbert believes this is a superb switch, calling Russell a 'very exciting' driver. DON'T MISS  "Then there’s George Russell, who is very exciting. Mercedes couldn’t miss the opportunity to move on to the next generation. It’s a brilliant opportunity for George and I’m glad for him," Herbert continued. "Now the work starts – but he is a grafter, especially on sim work, which is vital. The battle will be the mental game and this will be the toughest he’s ever faced. "We saw that star quality when he got in the car in Bahrain in 2020, but Hamilton, like all the greats from the past, has that something extra special and he can do it 99 per cent of the time too – so George has to manage it 99.1 per cent to get under Lewis’s skin.  "There will always be favouritism in a team, it’s part of the game, so George has to do what he did in Bahrain every single time, because that’s what Lewis will do. Can he manage it? I think he can." The new season gets underway on March 18-20 in Bahrain. And Hamilton will be keen to avenge his controversial loss to Max Verstappen in last season's Drivers' Championship. 