  Sky Sports broadcaster Chris Kamara, has given a health update after being diagnosed with a thyroid condition. The news comes after viewers raised concern for his welfare on Saturday when they noticed the football favourite was slurring his words.      Chris, 64, was covering Shrewsbury Town's League One trip to Rotherham on Saturday afternoon when he first sparked fears amongst Sky viewers. His slurred speech caused many fans to tweet and ask him if he was okay. The much-loved broadcaster and former pro midfielder subsequently took to Twitter to tell his 1.8 million followers that he was suffering from a new health condition that impedes his ability to talk. He wrote: “Just wanted to let a few of you know who tweeted me today that I am ok ish. READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma      “Alongside my Thyroid problem I have developed Apraxia of Speech and have been working to get my speech back to normal. “Some days it can be a little slow and some days it’s normal. Hopefully I can beat this!” Apraxia of speech is a condition which makes talking difficult, with those afflicted finding it difficult to communicate their words clearly. The former Middlesbrough footballer was inundated with support in the comments section from followers and friends alike.       Dan Walker, 45, tweeted out in view of his 752,500 followers: “Stay strong Kammy. Wishing you all the best.” The sports pundit previously presented Football Focus until last year, holding the presenting position since 2009. Journalist Piers Morgan added: “Sorry to hear this, Legend. Best of luck with your treatment.” Chris’s fellow Soccer Saturday colleague Jeff Stelling also replied with a heartwarming message. READ MORE... Michael Caine’s brilliant point about Brexit: 'Rather be poor!' [INSIGHT] Dan Walker questioned over former BBC Breakfast co-star snub [LATEST] ‘We are so excited!’ The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk announces baby news [NEWS]       “@chris_kammy you still bring life, energy, fun and understanding to all your reports on Soccer Saturday,” he wrote. “We all love you pal. Keep going!” Sky presenter Dave Jones also sent in a message of support, describing the sports star as a “hero”. He said: “You’re a hero to me and so many others Kammy sending love.” (sic)       Actress and presenter Emily Atack commented: “Sending loads of love to you Chris xxxxxx.” While sports presenter Laura Woods added: “Love you, Kammy. Still an absolute one in a million and smashing it every time.” Question of Sport’s Sam Quek wrote in: “All the best Chris - you got this.” Chris is a former Leeds, Brentford and Middlesbrough midfielder, who now works as a football analyst at Sky Sports.  