Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel would reportedly be ‘open’ to talking with Manchester United over a potential deal which would see him become the club’s new manager. Tuchel’s future remains up in the air as a result of the ongoing ownership saga at Stamford Bridge. The German head coach boasts an attractive CV which has seen him win the Champions League with Chelsea and guide the Blues to the FA Cup and League Cup in little more than a year in charge. And according to The Athletic, Tuchel would be open to hearing what United have to offer, despite insisting in public that he wants to stay at Stamford Bridge regardless of what happens in the boardroom. United look set to be on the lookout for a new manager at the end of the season when Ralf Rangnick’s current contract as interim boss expires and Tuchel could fit the bill perfectly. While it is not yet clear who will be in charge of The Red Devils next season, it looks increasingly unlikely that Rangnick will still be at the helm after United crashed out of the crashed out of the Champions League on Tuesday at the hands of Atletico Madrid. With the scores level at 1-1 from the first-leg, United were presented with the opportunity to get the job done at Old Trafford and progress to the final eight. But it was Diego Simeone’s side who prevailed thanks to Renan Lodi’s first-half strike. Next season’s manager is now faced with the increasingly likely possibility of there being no Champions League football at Old Trafford next season. JUST IN: Four players Thomas Tuchel could reunite with if he quits Chelsea to take over at Man Utd United are fifth in the Premier League and are one point adrift of Arsenal, having played a game more than Mikel Arteta’s side. Meanwhile, Tuchel helped steer the Blues to the quarter-final of the Champions League on Wednesday thanks to a 4-1 aggregate win over Lille in France. The Blues came into the contest with a 2-0 advantage over the Ligue 1 champions and emerged victorious at the Stade Pierre-Mauroy. Burak Yilmaz put the home side ahead from the penalty spot to give Lille a fighting chance, before goals from Christian Pulisic and Cesar Azpilicueta ensured Chelsea booked their place in the last eight of Europe’s premier club competition. DON'T MISS: Chelsea may have their own Robin van Persie in star who Rio Ferdinand loves watching Chelsea beat Lille: Five things learned as Blues survive early scare in Champions League Four stars who Liverpool could sell this summer to aid spending spree Speaking after the game on Wednesday, Tuchel said: "I want us to be the team nobody wants to play. "That's the role we see ourselves in this last round of eight. "It's a big step to do it again and again - and that is why we fight for top-four places in maybe the toughest league in the world and we fight now again in the top eight teams [in Europe]. This brings out the very best in us." With the draw set to take place in its usual setting in Nyon, Switzerland on Friday, the Blues could face any one of Liverpool, Manchester City, Real Madrid, Atletico Madrid, Villarreal, Bayern Munich or Benfica.