Josie Gibson has hosted shows on Channel Four and ITV, including This Morning alongside Philip Schofield. The presenter has shared her weight loss journey with fans, having slimmed down in the past year, dropping from a size 18 to a size 14. How did she do it? Josie Gibson has spoken at length about her weight loss journey, detailing how and why she went on a health kick. A year ago, in April 2021, the TV star took to Instagram to share her transformation with fans. She explained how happy she was that she could once again fit into her size 14 jeans after changing her diet and exercise regime, becoming healthier as well as losing weight. Josie credited Weight Watchers for her transformation. She shared a video of herself on social media and wrote in the accompanying caption: “I was asked to be part of @ww.uk and it’s been one of the best decisions I have ever made. READ MORE: Weight loss: Woman drops 12 stone with 'small change' to diet “I haven't weighed myself for a while as I’m waiting on scales but I could not get in these trousers in December or January we are now early March and for the first time in a long time these size 14 are on. “They are snug and I have a way to go and there’s still things I need to work on as my goal is to be a size 12 but I'm going in the right direction. “It's been the most giving weight loss plan I've ever been on and there has been no pressure just lots of love from @ww.uk coaches, consultants and the community.” Josie explained that she had ballooned to a size 18 because of over-indulging, saying: “How I handle stress is I eat.  “I’ve always done it and I went up to a size 18. “You just get to the point where you look in the mirror and don’t even recognise who you’re looking at anymore.” Before taking to Instagram, Josie told The Sun in January 2021 that she had lost 10 pounds, or almost a stone, in less than a month – thanks to home workouts. She said: “I’m down 10 pounds already. I’m quite big so obviously it comes off quicker. “The thing is it’s not only about the weight for me – I feel great. “I feel so good! I’m making foods from as much zero points as I can. “I was eating a lot a stodge before, but I can’t tell you the difference it’s made to my energy. “I can get up and go. I’m actually waking up in the morning with a spring in my step – it’s been great, and I’m faster.” At the time, the former Big Brother star said her aim was to slim down to a size 12 after she weighed just under 17 stone. She explained: “I’m about a size 16 at the moment. I’d like to get down to a size 12.” One of Josie’s motivators is her three-year-old son Reggie. The TV presenter continued: “For me it was because my two-year-old is getting so fast, so it’s just about catching him. “I couldn’t catch him – he was running away from me, and I was struggling to keep up with him.” But 2021 wasn’t the first time Josie revealed a weight loss transformation. Back in 2013, the star lost a huge six stone. Speaking to Closer at the time, she shared: “I first embarked on a weight-loss journey in 2013. “I shed six stone over a year with a combination of healthy eating and exercise.” Last year, Josie’s weight loss plan consisted of a healthy diet, drinking more water, and doing 30 to 45 minutes of regular exercise.