Exactly 25 years before taking on the mantle of Dwayne Pride in CBS’ NCIS New Orleans, Scott Bakula graced screens as time-travelling scientist Dr Sam Beckett. Bakula led the way of the Emmy-winning sci-fi drama for all five seasons and the series remains a fan-favourite to this day. So much so, NBC has decided to give the drama a reboot - although sadly Bakula won’t be the frontman. The news will undoubtedly be a blow to fans of the original series who’ve been itching to know what happened to Sam after the mind-bending series finale. Diehard fans will remember Sam failed to return home in the last ever episode of Quantum Leap after making the shocking discovery that it was he who was in fact of the time-warping leaps. Instead, Dr Sam Beckett will be handing the figurative baton over to Dr Ben Seong. Ben Seong will be portrayed by actor Raymond Lee in the revival. READ MORE: NCIS' Michael Weatherly fuels return rumours with cryptic Tony post Per Deadline, Dr Seong is described as “both a scientist and man of faith. “He’s a world-renowned physicist working on a time-travel project known as Quantum Leap.” The Quantum Leap reboot will still exist in the same universe as Sam’s however, with a team now tasked with restarting the project Dr Beckett initiated. In the NBC reboot, Ben and others will do their best to uncover the secrets that led to Sam’s vanishing decades ago. While Bakula isn’t attached to the project at this time, some familiar figures from Quantum Leap’s first airing are tied to work on the reboot. The show’s original creator Don Bellisario will serve as one of the executive producers on the exciting revival. Writer and producer Deborah Platt will also rekindle the creative space which led her to conjure up many of Sam’s storylines during the original run. Actor Lee is best known for his roles in AMC’s Kevin Can F*** Himself and HBO’s Here and Now, and has spoken out since landing the role. DON'T MISS:NCIS’ Jimmy star pays tribute to surprise returning co-starNCIS Brian Dietzen drops disappointing update on NCIS Hawaii crossoverNCIS LA season 13: Anna's return to confront Callen confirmed in promo Sharing a screengrab of the announcement on his Instagram page, Lee simply wrote: “Oh boy…” Inevitably, it didn’t take long for his fans and some familiar faces to weigh in with their congratulatory messages. Schitt’s Creek and Kevin Can F*** Himself star Annie Murphy replied: “THATS WHAT IM TALKIN ABOUUUUUUUUUUUT.” Tuca & Bertie and The Great North’s Patti Harrison cheekily added: “So is this how I am finding out you’re not gonna be in my webseries.” While Goliath and Good Trouble’s Kara Wang weighed in: “EXCUSE MEEEEEE YESSSSSS RAY.” And Stargirl and Santa Clarita Diet star Joy Osmanski echoed: “OH MY GOD YOU’RE AMAZING!!!” followed by a series of applause emojis. (sic) With the Quantum Leap reboot still in its early stages, a release date remains under wraps. Sadly for Bakula, NCIS NOLA was axed last year after seven seasons on CBS with NCIS Hawaii taking its place. NCIS Hawaii continues Monday on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.