The US President is claimed to be worried about provoking Russia after Americans are suffering from the major petrol hike. The price for a gallon of regular gas is now a record-breaking $4.17, according to AAA. Joe Biden has also rejected a surprise offer by NATO ally Poland on Tuesday to transfer its Russian-made MiG-29 fighter jets to a US base in Germany as a way to replenish Ukraine's air force in its defence against invading Russian forces. Sky News Australia host Andrew Bolt said: "He still refuses to hand over to Ukraine the 38 fighter jets that Poland is donating to Ukraine that it wants, it needs. "Biden's office wants them sent but Biden is too scared of provoking Russia. "In fact, what Biden seems to be even more scared of is Americans blaming him for petrol prices now rising. "He's even got TikTok influencers briefed by his top officials to go spread the word, don't blame Joe, blame Russia and it's working." READ MORE: Putin issues warning to the West after Biden brands 'war criminal' The United States has sought to speed weapons deliveries to Ukraine. But the prospect of flying combat aircraft from NATO territory into the war zone "raises serious concerns for the entire NATO alliance," the Pentagon said. NATO has said it does not want direct conflict with Russia, a fellow nuclear-armed power, and President Biden has ruled out sending US troops into Ukraine to fight, something the Pentagon has said would apply to troops on the ground or in the air, flying missions. "It is simply not clear to us that there is a substantive rationale for it," Pentagon spokesman John Kirby said of Poland's proposal. "We will continue to consult with Poland and our other NATO allies about this issue and the difficult logistical challenges it presents, but we do not believe Poland's proposal is a tenable one." Poland's foreign ministry announced on Tuesday that it was ready to deploy its MiG-29 jets to Ramstein Air Base in Germany and put them at the disposal of the United States. It urged other members of the alliance that had other such aircraft to do the same. The US State Department's Number 3 diplomat said the Polish proposal caught the United States by surprise. "To my knowledge, it wasn't pre-consulted with us that they planned to give these planes to us," State Department Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland told a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing. DON'T MISS Kremlin's furious reaction to Biden calling Putin a war criminal [INSIGHT]‘Unacceptable rhetoric’ Putin bites back after Joe Biden brands Russia [ANALYSIS]Biden flip-flops: President not sure if Putin is 'war criminal' or not [VIDEO] "So I think that actually was a surprise move by the Poles," she said. The impasse raises questions about the viability of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky plea for European countries to provide Russian-made planes, an issue he underscored during a video call Saturday with US politicians. US politicians are eager to speed military aid to Ukraine and are pushing the Biden administration to facilitate the aircraft transfer. But Poland's announcement could also reflect its own sensitivities.