Russell was only quick enough for the fourth fastest in the first free practice session while running a set of soft tyres. Hamilton was down in seventh, also on the soft tyres, and three tenths down on his new Mercedes team-mate. But crucially, Ferrari and Red Bull did their fastest laps on the slower edium tyres and were still quicker. Leclerc and Sainz were second and third in FP1, two tenths quicker than Russell on a tyre which is expected to be about six tenths slower.Verstappen was also on par with Russell’s time despite also running the slower rubber. Andrew Shovlin, trackside engineering director at Mercedes admitted the Silver Arrows have “got to catch up” with the opposition.Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “We’ve got a lot of work to do. We have carried that on from the test into FP1 so continuing to do experiments. READ MORE: Hill offers advice to Russell as doubt raised on Mercedes prospects “But certainly on a single lap we were one step softer tyre than the cars we’d like to compete with doing similar times. So it's pretty evident there is something to do there.“But as I've said we are learning with every day at the moment. It does feel like we’ve got to catch up but as long as we keep on with that learning, that’s the main thing for us.”He added: “Where are we at the moment? Well I don’t think we have got as good a handle on that as some of the other teams. I think the pace you are seeing at the moment is very much dominated by how well people have got on top of that problem, maybe more so than the base performance of the car.” DON'T MISSVerstappen refuses to accept Hamilton comments ahead of Bahrain GP [INSIGHT]Mercedes boss Wolff teases rivals with 'truth' comment before Bahrain [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton hits out at tyre supplier Pirelli - 'Worse this year' [COMMENT] It comes just a week after Mercedes failed to make an impression on the timesheets in the final Bahrain pre-season test session. Hamilton even wanted his team would not be “competing for wins” in the opening part of the season.Russell even admitted the performance “isn’t there” when asked about his car’s likely competitiveness. However, some of their rivals have warned Mercedes were likely hiding their true pace for when it really matters.After the pre-season test session, Carlos Sainz said it was “typical Mercedes”  and warned they could still “blow the competition away”. Red Bull chief executive Helmut Marko has also warned he expects the Mercedes to go “boom” from the first race.