Ex-Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has urged Erik ten Hag to snub a summer switch to Old Trafford because they aren't a 'football club'. Ten Hag is a leading candidate to become United's new permanent manager on July 1, but the Netherlands national team boss believes he should operate elsewhere. The Ajax manager is widely expected to leave his post in Amsterdam at the end of the season in search of a new challenge following key director Marc Overmars' sudden exit. Last Monday, the Red Devils interviewed Ten Hag as part of their managerial hunt following Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's sacking in November. Ralf Rangnick was appointed interim manager shortly after Solskjaer's dismissal but isn't thought to be a candidate for the permanent position. The German coach will enter a two-year consultancy role as part of the club's set-up this summer, and he is said to be a massive admirer of Ten Hag's work. He's joined in admiration by Van Gaal, who has labelled the 52-year-old a 'great coach' ahead of his Ajax departure later this year. However, he's warned Ten Hag to avoid United as his next destination because of the club's commercial-driven engine room. JUST IN: Tottenham 'keen on £17m teenager' Newcastle failed to sign in January In a piece of advice for a fellow Dutchman, as much as a dig at his former employers, he said: "I think Ten Hag is great coach. A great coach is good for Man Utd. But, they are a commercial club. Those are difficult choices for a coach. He should choose a football club, not a commercial club." Van Gaal replaced David Moyes as United boss in 2014 and spent two seasons at Old Trafford, winning the 2016 FA Cup. But his style of football didn't attract as much as his off-field persona in press conferences and charity events, and he was sacked almost immediately after the FA Cup success. Whilst there could be some bitterness towards the Red Devils for so easily swapping him out for Jose Mourinho six years ago, Van Gaal's words ring true. United are and will always be a commercial club as long as the Glazer family are at the helm. READ MORE: Tottenham 'ready to swoop' for Traore as Barca wait for Wolves verdict However, Ed Woodward's resignation as club CEO in February was highly significant after his lack of football background contributed to United's severe downfall over his decade-long tenure. His successor, Richard Arnold, is just as business-focused, but a key difference is he is giving the club's football brains the decision-making freedom. Last year, John Murtough was appointed football director, and Darren Fletcher became technical director. Both are now heavily involved in the manager search process, whilst Rangnick will also have a valuable say in the club's operations once his interim manager role concludes. Whilst United are a commercial club, positive steps are being taken to find a better balance, and Ten Hag will have likely been assured of that. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here