Flight 5735 crashed in mountains in southern China on a domestic flight on Monday following a sudden descent from cruising altitude. Local media reported 123 passengers and nine crews were on board at the time of the crash, saying no sign of survivors have been reported so far. Footage has since begun circulating online seemingly showing the China Eastern Airlines flight "nosediving" towards the ground. CCTV footage shows what is believed to be the plane crashing down suddenly appearing on the monitor before disappearing behind a dense section of trees. The location appears to match other videos of the crash showing the immediate aftermath of the crash, which took place in a mountainous area of southern China. According to flight-tracking website FlightRadar 24, Flight 5735 descended at a final rate of 31,000 feet a minute before disappearing from the radar system. The plane had been cruising at an altitude 29,100 feet at 0620 GMT. READ MORE: China crash: Footage shows devastating aftermath of China Eastern Flight 5735 accident Just over two minutes and 15 seconds later, data showed it had descended to 9,075 feet. In another 20 seconds, its last tracked altitude was 3,225 feet. China Eastern Airlines confirmed the plane had crashed with a statement in which the company also provided the relatives of passengers with a hotline to contact. Media cited a rescue official as saying the plane had disintegrated and caused a fire destroying bamboo trees. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as hardman Chechen special forces go home after losing hundreds of men The People's Daily quoted a provincial firefighting department official as saying there was no sign of life among the debris. China Eastern Airlines confirmed the plane had crashed with a statement in which the company also provided the relatives of passengers with a hotline to contact. The Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) said the China Eastern Airways flight lost contact over the city of Wuzhou. The CAAC said in a statement: “[We have] activated the emergency mechanism, and sent a working group to the scene.” Crashes during the cruise phase of flight are relatively rare even though it accounts for the majority of flight time. Boeing found in a report last year that only 13 percent of fatal commercial accidents globally between 2011 and 2020 occurred during the cruise phase, whereas 28 percent of fatal accidents occurred on final approach and 26 percent on landing. Online weather data showed partly cloudy conditions with good visibility in Wuzhou at the time of the crash. President Xi Jinping called for investigators to determine the cause of the crash as soon as possible and to ensure "absolute" aviation safety, state broadcaster CCTV reported.