Out of a reported eight properties, Russian President Vladimir Putin is said to spend more of his time in one place in particular. But unlike other country leaders who reside in governmental offices like the White House and Number 10, Mr Putin doesn’t live at the Kremlin. There have been many disputes over where Mr Putin lives and the properties he holds over the years; the most recent claims attributed a property coined “Putin’s Palace” to the Russian president, of which he incessantly denies ownership. The luxurious palace, built just off the Black Sea near Gelendzhik in Russia, featured in a viral video by Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny last year, detailing the venture to be a “corruption scheme” headed by Mr Putin, built for the president’s personal use. However, the Kremlin denied this and businessman Arkady Rotenberg - who has close ties to Mr Putin, claimed ownership of the property shortly after the footage was released. So where does Mr Putin actually live? READ MORE: EU attacked over Russia sanctions - warned they are ‘not enough’   Located west of the Moscow region, Novo-Ogaryovo is the estate Mr Putin is reported to call home. The estate has always operated as the suburban property for Russian presidents however, since renovating the place in 2000, Mr Putin has claimed this as his official residence. The lavish estate’s main house was built in the 1950s by order of former leader of the Soviet Union, Georgy Malenkov, but was removed from power before he actually got to use it. Shortly after, the estate stood as a residence for the Soviet government to welcome foreign delegations but became widely unused after 1991 until Vladimir Putin had it renovated in 2000 - building six-metre high walls around the premises.  Although Mr Putin does not own the estate, he has spent so much time there over his years of tenure that it has been unofficially termed the de facto residence of the head of state. However, a number of additional properties are also attributed to Mr Putin around Russia, another being a government-leased apartment in Moscow. The address is widely publicised as Akademika Zelinskogo Street, 6 and Mr Putin is reported to have leased this since 1990. He’s known to use this space more for work purposes and has met a number of leaders here, including former chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel. DON'T MISS: How China's silence is a cover-up for Xi Jinping's real motives [EXPLAINED]Russian authorities 'surprised' by sanctions [ANALYSIS] Germany warned Putin sympathisers could target state offices [INSIGHT]    Bocharov Ruchy, located in Sochi, is another well-known apartment of Mr Putin’s, which he uses as an official summer residence. He is also said to own another apartment based in St Petersburg where he grew up, but its real location remains a mystery to the public. Mr Putin is also said to reside at the Konstantin Palace in St Petersburg, formerly owned by the Romanov family, the last imperial dynasty to rule Russia. The grand building is located on an island in the Gulf of Finland and is said to serve as a conference centre and presidential residence; both the 2006 G-8 summit and 2013 G-20 summit were held here.  Yantar in Kaliningrad is one of the more recent presidential homes in Mr Putin’s possession, completed in 2011. As well as this, the Russian president is also known to own another summer residence located in the Novgorod Region. This property goes by three different names: Valdai, Uzhyn, and Dolgie Borody, and was initially planned as one of Stalin’s dachas in the 1930s. However, Stalin was urged not to stay there due to it being too dangerous, as there is only one route in and out of the premises and it’s surrounded by a dense forest. The property is now rented out to guests but includes a separate private area for the Russian President. 