While viewers had tuned in to watch their favourite soap EastEnders, BBC fans were left utterly confused moments before the programme had even aired. When introducing the episode, fans had noticed a huge blunder after the voiceover had promised a storyline that had already been concluded.  Introducing the latest episode, the narrator said: “But now on BBC One, his lies are unravelling but how long does Gray have before Walford finds out the truth?" Puzzled by the announcement, fans flocked to social media to share their confusion. On Twitter, @tomgardineruk said: “How long does Gray have till Walford finds out the truth? "Excuse me has the BBC announcer been sleeping? Lol #EastEnders.” READ MORE:Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell father’s Rolex watch   @MultiHuns pointed out: “Continuity announcer just announced the wrong episode! #Eastenders.” @FanOFTV05 echoed: “Think that voice over lady is a week behind. Gray has already been caught, love #EastEnders.” Another fan @ForBallumIWould simply put: “Did they just read out the wrong episode description? Lol #EastEnders.” Diehard fans will know all too well that the downfall of Gray (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) actually transpired last week following his murderous tenure on the square. The soap's actor Toby Alexander-Smith, who played Gray, had previously opened up about the importance of the Square getting justice over Gray's awful crimes.   Speaking ahead of his exit, the soap actor described the event as “satisfying”, revealing: “I think all of the audience have obviously wanted justice for Chantelle, Tina and Kush for so long and it was important that we showed that justice and that comeuppance. “There was no room for him to have an easy way out and it would have been wrong if they'd have done that. “I do think, from the audience's perspective, it's a satisfying ending to the storyline." Viewers saw Chelsea Fox (Tiana Benjamin) drop a bombshell on yesterday’s episode following Gray’s arrest last week after she revealed she plans on putting baby Jordon up for adoption when he gets out of the hospital.  The serial killer had finally been caught red-handed when Chelsea sneakily recorded him confessing to the murder of his late wife Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer) In the scenes that followed, Gray was arrested and sent off, when Chelsea saw him leaving the square. Gray also told Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) he was the one who had killed her boyfriend Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami). Devastated by the crimes committed against his best friend, Martin Fowler (James Bye) was driven by rage and took his anger out on the Atkins' household.  Although the Gray actor will be stepping down from his role in the BBC soap, he did promise other projects were in the pipeline. The TV star, who recently became a dad, told the Mirror: “There [are] potentially some things in the pipeline. “But right now I am very happy to be a full-time daddy for as long as I can be." EastEnders airs weekdays on BBC One at 7.30pm. 