The issues appeared to have started at roughly 8am this morning, with the majority of complaints revolving around the online banking service. The service status page on the official Barclays website noted issues with the online services. The website stated: “We're sorry, you might have a problem logging in to Barclaycard Online Servicing right now – we're working to fix this.” At the peak of the outage, 153 customers reported their dilemma with accessing Barclaycard online services on Down Detector. 53 percent of reports on Down Detector noted an issue with the online banking service from Barclays. Most reports have emerged from the South East of England, with hotspots cropping up in London. READ MORE: State pension fury as older people get £2,251 LESS income a year - ‘pure discrimination' On the website Is This Service Down?, user UK Traveller59 wrote: “Can't log on and think the system has a problem. “I may now be locked out after multiple attempts. It is failing to recognise me now. “Automated system is really terrible and facing long wait times - have now hung up.” Another user titled cyberbabe commented: “Unable to login yet again....can you get your IT guys round quickly to solve the issue?” On the service status page of the Barclays website, customers can opt to receive a message when the service is running again. The website has also noted issues with their chat function. Barclays reported: “Sorry, we’re receiving a high number of chats right now and at times it may take us longer than we’d like to get back to you.” Frustrated customers also took to Twitter to complain about the outage, with some reporting dire situations that needed a speedy fix.  Twitter user Gary104DX shared: “I've about an hour to pay my bill or get a late payment charge, but getting errors when logging in ("internal server error", "system error", "we've had to log you out" errors etc.). “Cleared cache, tried two computers and two different internet connections.” The official Barclaycard Twitter account has told customers: “We're aware of a few issues and working on a fix.” This outage follows a similar one users experienced on Friday March 25.  That outage was solved in the early morning as was reported on the Barclaycard Twitter page which read: “We’ve fixed the issue with Barclaycard Online Servicing, and you can now use it as normal.” However similar issues this morning has sparked outrage to this post. Customers have responded to the three day old post saying: “No you haven't I cannot login this morning to pay my card balance.” Express.co.uk has contacted Barclays asking for comment.