The shock announcement came after negotiations between Washington and Warsaw about providing fighter jets to Ukraine to aid the country in their fight against Russia. Throughout the talk process, Poland repeatedly denied the notion of donating its jets to Ukraine, making this announcement wholly unexpected by the United States.  On Tuesday, a statement from the Minister of Foreign Affairs for Poland read: “The authorities of the Republic of Poland, after consultations between the President and the Government, are ready to deploy – immediately and free of charge – all their MIG-29 jets to the Ramstein Air Base and place them at the disposal of the Government of the United States of America.” The statement concluded: “The Polish Government also requests other NATO Allies – owners of MIG-29 jets – to act in the same vein.” It is understood the jets would be handed over free-of-charge to Ukrainian pilots fighting the Russian invasion.  The statement also added that in exchange, the United States would have to provide Poland with used jets that have the same capabilities. Concerns have been raised by the US Defence Department at the logistics of the handover of the jets that would have to ensure the safe exchange of the jets across the border and into Ukrainian hands. Defence department spokesperson John Kirby released a statement in response to Poland and noted that the proposal ‘raised serious concerns’ and was deemed ‘untenable’ by the US. Mr Kirby stated: “We are now in contact with the Polish government following the statement issued today. READ MORE:Putin is rattled! Dream of 'lightning war' turning into 'nightmare' “The prospect of fighter jets ‘at the disposal of the Government of the United States of America’ departing from a US/NATO base in Germany to fly into airspace that is contested with Russia over Ukraine raises serious concerns for the entire NATO alliance. “It is simply not clear to us that there is a substantive rationale for it. “We will continue to consult with Poland and other NATO allies about this issue and the difficult logistical challenges it presents, but we do not believe Poland’s proposal is a tenable one.” Speaking to ABC News, retired General Robert Abrams who was an advisor to former US Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel during the last invasion of Ukraine called the announcement ‘inexplicable’ for ‘a number of reasons.’ DON'T MISS:Macron's huge bust-up with Scholz threatens Russia sanctions (REACTION)Key difference between Princess Charlotte and her brothers highlighted (REVEAL)Holiday boost for British tourists as EU brings in new travel rules (INSIGHT)  General Abrams noted that the proposal complicates an intended transfer and that “perhaps by passing them to the US in Germany, [it] gives the Poles a veiled sense of plausible deniability that it was not a direct transfer to the Ukrainians for fear of Russian retaliation.” He added: “It’s unbelievable to think that they would move the aircraft from about 400 miles from Ukraine to 1,200 miles from Ukraine. It’s almost crazy.” The General noted in general how the successful transfer of these jets to Ukraine would help the military “sustain this conflict for a much longer period.” He concluded: “It’s not a game changer immediately but it will certainly give them some staying power in the long-term.” 