In the final trailer for Morbius, Jared Leto’s vampiric villain finally embraces the bad guy as he enters Sony’s Venom-verse. Focusing on another anti-hero from Spider-Man’s coterie of antagonists, it will introduce audiences to one of the darkest chapters in Marvel’s ongoing franchise (both literally and metaphorically). Questions remain on how it exactly connects to the wider Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), if at all, but all will be answered when it drops next month. After perpetual delays and setbacks caused by the Coronavirus pandemic, Morbius is finally here. In fact, it will premiere this month for fans in the UK. In a pleasant surprise, Sony confirmed UK audiences will get the movie one day early on March 31. In the USA, the debut date remains locked on April 1. It isn’t known where or when the movie will be available on streaming platforms, as Sony is yet to confirm its digital home. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley’s brother marries with special Elvis connection It will explore the origins of Dr Michael Morbius, a biochemist that desperately tries to cure himself of a rare blood disease. His experiments become more and more frantic, leading him to fringe science and borderline mystical persuasions. He inadvertently infects himself with a form of vampirism. It does what he hopes and cures the disease, though the side-effects are far more than common nausea and sickness. Speaking during Variety’s Actors on Actors interview, Leto revealed what it was about the titular character that initially appealed to him. He explained: "I was interested in this role because he goes on this journey from dying to finding a cure for this disease and becoming incredibly healthy and then having things change in a way that he becomes monstrous. So, it’s a bit of a Jekyll and Hyde, which is of course a classic role. It was hard for me in some way, because I’m not used to playing roles that are a little bit closer to who I am, day in and day out. Dr. Michael Morbius is a little closer to the way that I talk and the way that I behave.” This is by far the biggest question surrounding the Sony flick, as there is so much conflicting evidence that it's enough to crack open the multiverse yet again. The most obvious bit of information came in the second trailer when Morbius himself joked: “We are Venom.” This should make it clear that this takes place Sony’s sub-universe, the tentatively titled Venom-verse. However, the first trailer suggests something different. Michael Keaton’s Vulture appears; the villain from the MCU’s Spider-Man: Homecoming. How he is there remains a complete mystery, but it gets worse. DON'T MISS...Robert Downey Jr's 'importance' to MCU threatened [INSIGHT]Star Wars leak: Marvel star 'replacing' Daisy Ridley as Rey [EXPLAIER]Spider-Man: Future of Tom Hardy Venom teased by Marvel writers [INSIGHT] A Daily Bugle newspaper is spotted, one that looks reminiscent of those seen in the original Tobey Maguire trilogy. However, the articles in it reference Rhino and Black Cat from Andrew Garfield’s Amazing Spider-Man movies. Finally, there is a poster that Morbius walks past that shows the wallcrawler with “murderer” sprawled all over it. The graffiti is referencing the finale of Spider-Man: Far From Home, but it isn’t Tom Holland in the image. Instead, it’s a model taken from 2018’s Spider-Man PS4 while the character is using the Maguire costume from the Sam Raimi films. Convoluted is an understatement and how this all meshes remains completely unexplained. The events of Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness may help, as worlds are expected to collide in that movie. This is just wild speculation at this point though, so the only way to find out is to go and see Morbius when it hits cinemas. Morbius will premiere in cinemas on March 31 in the UK and April 1 in the USA.