Manchester United will have to overcome two obstacles if they are to prove successful in their reported pursuit of Lyon striker Moussa Dembele. It is believed the Red Devils have made 'initial enquires' for the 25-year-old on the back of Ralf Rangnick's recommendations for the club to target a younger striker.  The French forward has been in fine form this season, netting nine goals in his 19 Ligue 1 outings, including five in his last seven appearances. Formerly of Fulham and Celtic, Dembele appears to have got his career back on track having endured a torrid time on loan at Atletico Madrid during the second half of last season. His exploits this campaign have reportedly seen him attract the interest of United, who are expected to undergo a club overhaul this summer. A new manager is set to be appointed, with a number of incomings and outgoings touted on the player front, and it appears Dembele could be among those arriving at Old Trafford. JUST IN: PSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interest  According to Manchester Evening News, the Red Devils have made 'initial enquiries' over the French striker, who is believed to be one of a number of options currently being explored. Dembele has reportedly emerged as a target after current interim manager Rangnick advised the club to consider signing a more youthful striker come the end of the season. However, a potential deal for the Lyon hitman may hinge on the Red Devils' ability to allay some of the player's concerns. It is believed Dembele fears being viewed as a squad player rather than a guaranteed starter at Old Trafford, amid speculation that he would merely be replacing the soon-to-be out-of-contract Edinson Cavani. READ MORE: 4 forgotten Chelsea stars who may return after Abramovich sanctions  The Frenchman may also take some persuading to convince him to join United, with sources close to the player allegedly claiming that he hasn't expressed a desire to leave Lyon. The club's vice-captain is reportedly in no rush to move on, despite the fact he is about to head into the final year of his contract. However, it is believed Dembele will consider any proposal that comes his way, though the project of any prospective club will be a significant factor that could influence his decision. This summer is expected to see the dawn of a new era at United, with the club's impending appointment of a new manager key to their future plans.  Rangnick, who will step into a consultancy role at the club come the summer, has relied on two older statesmen to lead the United line for much of this current campaign. Cristiano Ronaldo, 37, has often spearheaded United's attack this season while Cavani, 35, has featured sparingly as a result of numerous injury setbacks. However, the futures of both are shrouded in uncertainty, especially as the club face an uphill battle to clinch a top-four finish and an all-important Champions League qualification spot for next season. Marcus Rashford is another with question marks surrounding his future while Anthony Martial could depart on a permanent basis when he returns from his loan stint with Sevilla. 