Last year, April (played by Amelia Flanagan) suffered a torrent of online abuse, which led to her hiding things from Marlon (Mark Charnock) and Rhona (Zoe Henry). It was soon revealed the online bully had been her cousin Cathy Hope (Gabrielle Dowling) and it sent the family into a feud. Over the last couple of months, April and her father have been working on their relationship and seem to be rekindling their relationship, but an upcoming health scare for Marlon could send them spiralling back to secrecy. In upcoming episodes, Marlon Dingle will face a serious health battle when he has a life-threatening stroke in heartbreaking scenes, which are set to air next week. The new storyline comes in the hope of raising awareness of warning signs that come before a stroke. The narrative will highlight the battle from Marlon's perspective and how it will impact the family as they support him through this tough time. In the coming months, the scenes will explore how Marlon and his family, friends and loved ones come to terms with the diagnosis. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour Marlon and Rhona are set to be married after she proposed to him in previous weeks, further cementing their family life together. Could his heartbreaking diagnosis split their family apart before it had already begun? Will April be able to cope knowing her father is going to need long term care? Emmerdale Producer, Laura Shaw, commented on the storyline and said: "Warm, witty and kindhearted, Marlon is undoubtedly one of Emmerdale's most loved characters. "With Mark Charnock's sheer skill, craft and incredible range, it felt totally right to play such an incredibly important story as this. "Marlon highlights that a stroke can happen at any time and shows the catastrophic consequences it can have on the person affected and their whole family. "As the story unfolds, we follow the tragic and heartbreaking long-lasting repercussions it has on Marlon and his friends and family and how their love for each other shines through as they all pull together at this most difficult time.” Mark Charnock added: “Working with Emmerdale‘s research team and the Stroke Association on this storyline has been a total eye-opener for me. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charity Dingle pushes Mackenzie Boyd too far? [INSIGHTEmmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary?] [LATEST]Emmerdale’s Charles devastated as Manpreet is given diagnosis? [WATCH] "No two strokes are the same, but the after-effects are devastating. I’m very proud of the show for telling it and for letting me be a part of it.” Viewers have already been concerned about Marlon's health after he entered a heated argument with bad boy Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley). In a previous episode, he had cost them their last chance of getting their hands on some money, which led Marlon to fly off the handle and he turned up at the farm to confront his cousin. He said: "What the hell do you think you're playing at? Sticking your nose has made things worse!" Cain replied: "You'll give yourself a thrombosis...it can't be that bad." This sent fans into a frenzy on Twitter as they picked up on the underlying pressures Marlon had faced in the previous months. Zombie 404 posted: "Easy, Marlon, you’ll give yourself a heart attack if you don’t calm down, my boy #Emmerdale." Conran shared: "I’m actually worried for Marlon after this scene. What the actual f**k? Angriest I’ve seen Marlon ever." Could fans have picked up on his declining health months before? Emmerdale airs on weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.