Chelsea have been given the green light by the British government to sell some of their tickets to upcoming fixtures in the Champions League and the FA Cup. The Blues were previously unable to sell any tickets due to the sanctions imposed on owner Russian businessman Roman Abramovich. But AP News have revealed that Chelsea’s licence has now been changed and there is now some flexibility in terms of ticketing. The club are now able to sell tickets to the Blues’ Champions League clash against Real Madrid in April as well as their FA Cup semi-final clash with Crystal Palace at Wembley Stadium. But a key condition in the licence change is where the money will go that is raised by the ticket sales. None of the proceeds will go to the blub, and therefore Abramovich. Instead, UEFA will receive all the cash earned from the first leg of the quarterfinals of the Champions League at Stamford Bridge and the ‘competition organisers’ for the FA Cup will receive the proceeds from Chelsea tickets sold for the clash with Palace. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Van Persie’s ruthless comments as Ten Hag appointment edges closer Away fans can now buy tickets for Chelsea fixtures now too, but the rules have not changed in regards to non-season ticket holders wanting to attend matches. The report goes on to state that the English Football Association were involved in the talks with the government that allowed the Blues supporters to attend both fixtures. Julian Knight MP, chair of the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, was very vocal earlier this week in his belief that Chelsea fans should be able to attend the matches – specifically the FA Cup match. He said: “It is ridiculous that we face the prospect of a half-full Wembley for the Chelsea vs Palace FA Cup semi-final. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag asked two big questions during Man Utd interview as details emerge [REPORT]Arsenal icon Ian Wright claims Tottenham have made two transfer mistakes [QUOTES]Gary Neville goes against Man Utd fans as he urges Glazers not to appoint Erik ten Hag [SOCIAL] “Chelsea is more than just its owner, it's a living organism with huge importance to its fans and community. It was understandable that, at short notice, last week's game against Middlesbrough went ahead without Chelsea fans but, with this much notice, the FA have no excuse for excluding them. "The FA must be allowed to sell tickets to Chelsea fans so long as all money goes to the people of Ukraine." It remains to be seen how the licence that Chelsea is currently operating under changes as time goes on and the sale of club edges closer.