During The One Show, presenters Harry Judd and Alex Jones paid a touching tribute to The Wanted band member Tom Parker who died of brain cancer on Wednesday afternoon. Tom had been battling brain cancer since October 2020 and had undergone chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Harry Judd put on a brave face when talking about the death of his friend and sent love to Tom's wife and children. Before they kicked the show off, Alex Jones mentioned: "We did want to start by talking about the very sad news that Tom Parker from the band The Wanted has died at the age of 33 after being diagnosed with brain cancer. "He was on the show not so long ago, and of course, Harry, this is really sad news for you this afternoon because you knew him well, didn't you?" Harry emotionally said: "I did, yeah, it is desperately sad, Al, it really is, and Tom was just the loveliest guy. "So charismatic and incredibly brave and positive throughout the process that he went through. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is "I think, you know, all we can say now is we send out love to his wife Kelsey and their two children!" Alex continued: "Yeah, I didn't know him very well, but you can't fail to be touched by the news, can you!" The One Show guest and singer Jessie Ware also touched on how sad the news was and said: "I heard he was such a great bloke and just... what a brave man!" A statement was released by The Wanted's official Instagram page after the news emerged which read: "Max, Jay, Siva, Nathan and the whole Wanted family are devastated by the tragic and premature loss of our bandmate Tom Parker, who passed away peacefully at lunchtime today surrounded by his family and his bandmates. "Tom was an amazing husband to Kelsey and father to Aurelia and Bodhi. He was our brother, words can’t express the loss and sadness we feel. Always and forever in our hearts. "Tom Parker 1988-2022," it concluded alongside a picture of Tom. Fans of The Wanted and who had followed Tom's diagnosis journey were also devastated by the news of his death. This is Heart's official Instagram commented: "Love and light to you all." DON'T MISS...Tom Parker's final wish to have two more children with wife Kelsey [INSIGHT]‘He fought until the very end’ Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey pays tribute  [LATEST]The Wanted’s Siva pays tribute to Tom Parker as he dies aged 33 [NEWS] User Rach Simpson added: "My heart has shattered. I am so so sorry to hear this. Sending all of my love to Kelsey, the children, Tom's family, the boys and the family right now." While Will Manning said: "So much love to you guys." Caitlin Ferrick wrote: "Boys, I'm so so sorry for your loss, he was an amazing man." (sic) Tom revealed in October 2020 that he had been diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour, glioblastoma. Following his diagnosis, he underwent 30 rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions, as well as physiotherapy to rebuild the strength in his left side after the tumour caused it to weaken. In January last year, he admitted that losing his hair had been the most difficult thing as he told fans: "When I started treatment, my hair started to fall out, so after a morning at the hospital, I came home and told @being_kelsey to shave my head. "I remember this so vividly, I felt like part of me was being taken away as I saw the hair drop to the floor. There were tears." In November 2021, he announced that the results of a recent scan showed his tumour was "stable" and "under control". Then in February 2022, Tom went to a private hospital in Spain to receive treatment for his tumour. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.