Boilers are an essential appliance for any property, but they won’t last forever and for homeowners and landlords, they can become costly. A sub-standard boiler could break more often, meaning more ongoing maintenance costs. Plus, once a boiler reaches its end of life, replacing it can be expensive. Heating expert Karl Tulloch from Rightio has shared the average lifespan of a boiler and how you can extend the life of them. He explained that different boiler types and brands will have different service lives. Karl said: “Because boilers are a long-term, expensive investment, it’s essential to get as much life out of them as possible. “Gas boilers are expected to last between 10 to 15 years on average, as long as you service and maintain it well. “Some premium boilers that have been exceptionally well-maintained, however, can last for over 20 years. “Electric boilers, meanwhile, can last for around 25 years on average if you choose a quality model and look after it.” READ MORE: Energy bills: The household appliances adding £700 onto your bill One of the first ways homeowners can prolong the life of their boilers is by having it serviced regularly. Karl said: “For landlords, a yearly boiler service in your properties is a legal requirement. “However, for homeowners who live in their property, it’s not. If you’re in the latter group, we recommend servicing your boiler at least yearly to ensure it’s working effectively and safely.” A boiler service will be able to identify any potential issues that could cause your boiler to break or malfunction in the coming months to prevent any issues. DON'T MISS: Heating: How to solve the most common boiler problems [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to remove toilet limescale [COMMENT]Gardening: The banana peel hack ‘guaranteed’ to make plants ‘thrive’ [EXPERT] Although the weather is starting to warm up, keeping the heating running for short periods is still important. The heating expert said: “Many of us save money in the summer because we don’t need any heating for a period of a few months. But it’s sensible to put it on every now and then over the course of the summer. “This will keep it in top shape because it’ll keep the parts moving and functioning correctly. “You don’t need to do this often – schedule it to come on when you’re out of the house and you’ll never know it was on.” It is also advised to insulate the pipes as burst pipes can be a common issue households face. While burst parts of pipes can be replaced with the help of a plumber, it may also affect the boiler. Karl explained: “By insulating your pipes, you’ll protect them and your boiler from the cold snap. “If you do this now, you can ensure you’re less likely to experience a costly and damaging boiler breakdown.” It is also important to keep the inside and outside of boilers free of debris and clutter as this can have an impact on a boiler’s lifespan. The energy expert said: “In many homes, boilers are located in garages, attics, or cupboards. Often, these are places where we store other items – it’s recommended that you keep the area around your boiler completely clear, but if that isn’t possible, leave a space of at least three feet around it. “Keeping the inside of your boiler clear and clean is also important to make it last a long time. “Sludge can easily build up and affect its performance. “A lot of this build-up is rust from the pipes and radiators, so installing a magnetic filter can help eliminate this metallic waste.” Karl suggested that an inhibitor can help Britons deal with the rest of the waste product, which is made up of limescale – this build-up can result in cold spots in your radiators, which can limit the life of a boiler.