Western sanctions have seen the value of the ruble plummet by around 30 percent and interest rates double from 10 percent to 20 percent since Vladimir Putin ordered his invasion of Ukraine. Many leading international corporations have also closed down their activities in Russia - among them McDonald's, Coca-Cola and Starbucks. Now ordinary Russians are finding it increasingly hard to get hold of basic food staples, such as sugar. The product is a key ingredient for making home-made fruit drinks, commonly known as "kompot", which provides people with a cheap source of vitamins throughout the long winter months. Sugar has become scarce in shops over the past two weeks, with people finding it increasingly hard to buy. New video footage on social media shows a rare delivery of sugar reaching a supermarket. The packets of sugar are wheeled out in a trolley by a member of staff from the storehouse, prompting an unseemly and desperate scramble by shoppers to try and get hold of some. One woman is seen grabbing several packets and being told to put them back, as she will not be able to check them all out. In the stampede, staff shout at the people to move back from the door of the storehouse as the situation threatens to get out of hand. Many commented that the scenes reminded them of Soviet times, when goods were often in very short supply. One said: "I witnessed similar scenes in the 1980s, when I was a kid. "My mother forbid me from going near such places in shops where they distributed the goods in that way, so that I would not get trampled." A source in Saint Petersburg told Express.co.uk that they had great difficulty in finding any sugar at all. They said: "I did not find sugar on sale in the main shops. READ MORE: Russian tennis star sends message to UK Government "Staff said there had not been a delivery for a week. "I did come across sugar cubes in a tiny little shop for 130 roubles. They used to cost around 60 rubles." They added: "There are still goods in the shops, but the prices have gone up by between 20 to 30 percent depending on the item. "Inflation is going up 10 percent a week, according to one source." The source said that shops had run out of cashier roll paper and that the authorities had issued a decree allowing shops to dispense with giving people receipts for their purchases. DON'T MISSBelarusians beg UK for refugee status 'If we go home, we go to jail' [REVEAL]Chelsea takeover candidate makes decision on Thomas Tuchel's future [INSIGHT]Russian astronauts light up the ISS by wearing Ukraine colours  [SPOTLIGHT] Sanctions have had a devastating effect on the Russian economy in the short time since they were introduced. Already the West's economic measures have led to factory closures and job losses, as well as spiralling consumer prices. The Russian President admitted the pain that the country was currently experiencing in a speech last week. He said: "Our economy will need deep structural changes in these new realities. "I won’t hide this — they won’t be easy; they will lead to a temporary rise in inflation and unemployment.”