He said he had found it "very upsetting" to see his wife subjected to scrutiny over having a 0.91 percent stake in Infosys. The company was founded by her father and has come under pressure for continuing to operate in Russia. The Chancellor said it was "fair game" for people to criticise him for his decisions as an elected politician, but that it was "wrong" for people to attack his family. Comparing himself to the actor Will Smith, he told the BBC's Newscast podcast, Mr Sunak joked: "Someone said, 'Joe Root, Will Smith, and me - not the best of weekends for any of us'. "But I feel, on reflection, both Will Smith and me having our wives attacked - at least I didn't get up and slap anybody, which is good." The Oscars awards ceremony was thrown into chaos on Sunday evening when Mr Smith took to the stage to slap the ceremony's host. READ MORE: Russian troops ‘sick’ of their ration packs are eating dogs Chris Rock had made a joke about a medical condition Jada Pinkett Smith was living with. Mr Sunak added: "You know, I think it's totally fine for people to take shots at me. "It's fair game. I'm the one sitting here and that's what I signed up for. "Actually, it's very upsetting and, I think, wrong for people to try and come at my wife, and you know, beyond that actually, with regard to my father-in-law, for whom I have nothing but enormous pride and admiration for everything that he's achieved. "No amount of attempted smearing is going to make me change that because he's wonderful and has achieved a huge amount, as I said, I'm enormously proud of him." Nagavara Ramarao Narayana Murthy has an estimated net worth of £3.3billion. DON'T MISS:Ukraine tormets Putin with awards of Russia's biggest failures [REACTION]Putin threatens to cut off Europe's gas supplies from tomorrow [WARNING]Households brace for ‘unprecedented energy shock’ tomorrow [UPDATE] He set up IT firm Infosys in 1981 and made his money listing it on the Nasdaq stock exchange in March 1999, becoming the first Indian-registered company to do so. He stepped down as chairman of the company and retired over 10 years ago in August 2011. Mr Sunak has previously said he personally has "nothing to do with that company". Earlier this month the Chancellor urged firms to stop investing in Russia in order to punish the country's economy for the war in Ukraine. He said there was "no argument" for new investments in Moscow and urged those already there to divest assets. He said on March 13: "I welcome commitments already made by a number of firms to divest from Russian assets – and I want to make it crystal clear that the government supports further signals of intent. "I am urging firms to think very carefully about their investments in Russia and how they may aid the Putin regime – and I am also clear that there is no case for new investment in Russia. "We must collectively go further in our mission to inflict maximum economic pain – and to stop further bloodshed."