Champions League action will be returning this week, as Liverpool and Manchester City aim to cement their place in this year's quarter-finals. Chelsea and Manchester United will have to wait until next week to continue their Round of 16 fixtures, but the quarter-final draw is still just around the corner. Liverpool will be hosting Inter Milan in the second leg of their Round of 16 tie on Tuesday night. Jurgen Klopp's side won 2-0 at the San Siro three weeks ago, and are expected to progress to the next stage. City fans will also be able to rest easy this week knowing they've all but sealed their place in the next round. Pep Guardiola will likely be ringing the changes for Wednesday's match against Sporting Lisbon, as his side won the first leg 5-0 in Portugal. READ MORE: Champions League quarter-final draw: When could Man Utd learn fate? Elsewhere, Chelsea won their opening Last 16 match 2-0 against Lille at the end of February. Kai Havertz and Christian Pulisic rounded off a decent home victory for the west Londoners. United are also in the driving seat for their tie, drawing 1-1 against Atletico Madrid in Spain. Ralf Rangnick's side will be welcoming Atletico to Old Trafford for the second leg, although the away goals has been scrapped for this year's competition. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo's telling Man Utd training ground actions [ANALYSIS]Angry Man City boss Guardiola gives brutal answer over Kyle Walker ban [NEWS]Arsenal beating Man Utd to Champions League would hit Kroenke hard [LATEST] The draw for the quarter-finals will be taking place on Friday March 18, UEFA has confirmed. It will be broadcast live from the House of European Football in Nyon, Switzerland. The draw is set to start from 11am UK time (12pm local time). You can watch the draw live on BT Sport 1 from 11am, and it will also be live streamed on the UEFA website. There won't be any seedings or country protection for the quarter-finals of the Champions League. That means any team can play against anyone else in the competition, regardless of whether they play their domestic football in the same league. All eight teams will be drawn one-by-one to reveal the four fixtures - similar to an FA Cup or Carabao Cup draw. Teams drawn first in each fixture will be hosting the first legs. The draw will immediately be followed by the semi-final draw, so teams will have an accurate picture of their route to the final. First legs: April 5/6 Second legs: April 12/13 Bayern Munich or RB Salzburg Liverpool or Inter Milan Manchester City or Sporting Lisbon Real Madrid or Paris Saint-Germain Manchester United or Atletico Madrid Ajax or Benfica