Painkillers are effective at numbing pain and, for some people, can provide a sense of relaxed euphoria – two compelling side effects that can lead to addiction. Experts at the Priory – an addiction rehab clinic – pointed out five physical warning signs of painkiller addiction. Firstly, a person could experience "excessive sweating"; another sign is "pinpoint or dilated pupils". There could be "problems with co-ordination", or "trouble sleeping", such as sleeping too much, and "itchiness". Addiction – no matter the substance, whether it be painkiller or not – can lead to behavioural changes. The Priory also points out the behavioural signs of addiction to painkillers. For instance, the use of painkillers long after the original pain from the injury, for example, has subsided is a sign of addiction. READ MORE: Visceral fat – The fruit you can eat every day shown to reduce the perilous belly fat Another warning sign is "lying or exaggerating pain to get medication". A person addicted to painkillers may go to different doctors and pharmacies in an attempt to get the medication. Furthermore, packets of painkillers might be hidden away from others. Addiction may also lead to "acquiring painkillers by borrowing, stealing or illegally purchasing them". Speech may become slurred if somebody is experiencing a painkiller addiction. And "spending a lot of time thinking about, getting, taking and recovering from painkillers" is also a sign. Addiction may lead to the person affected spending less time with family and friends, as well as doing activities once enjoyed. Painkillers may then become more of a priority than family, work, and financial responsibilities. There can be "cognitive" and "psychosocial symptoms" of addiction too. Cognitive issues include struggling to concentrate, poor judgement, confusion, dizziness, and disorientation. Painkiller addiction may also lead to hallucinations and delusions. As for psychosocial symptoms, these include: irritability, mood swings, depression, and anxiety. Withdrawal symptoms might also occur when not taking painkillers, which can include stomach cramps, nausea, diarrhoea, and flu-like symptoms. Painkiller addiction is a serious health condition that can lead to liver and kidney damage. Anybody experiencing an addition to painkillers must disclose this information to their doctor. The Priory prefers people to have a GP referral, but adds "this isn't essential".