Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have not "done enough" to earn the NAACP President's award, according to royal expert Robert Jobson. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex accepted the award last Saturday for their work helping a Texas women's shelter, promoting vaccine equity, and creating community relief centres. However, Mr Jobson compared the couple to previous winners who only won the award "after a lifetime of work and service". The annual award is issued in recognition of special achievement and distinguished public service. It has previously been won by Muhammad Ali, LeBron James, Rihanna, Jay-Z, and Lauryn Hill, and political figures including the Reverend Jesse Jackson, Colin Powell, and Condoleezza Rice. Mr Jobson said that the Duke and Duchess were not in the same league as the past recipients of the award. Speaking to True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat, the royal expert said: "They have raised the debate, because of who they are, and I think that's what they are getting the award for." JUST IN: Prince William makes sweet comment about Kate He continued: "But I think it's a bit early. "If you think that people like Jesse Jackson had a lifetime of work before he won it. "Or Colin Powell's status he reached in the military and politically, becoming the Secretary of State. "These guys were role models, great eloquent speakers on the subject of race. "I just don't think they have done enough to warrant it yet." Saturday's ceremony was the couple's first major Hollywood award event since leaving the Royal Family as they gathered with US A-listers. Derrick Johnson, President and CEO of the NAACP, commended Harry and Meghan for their work to support "equity both in the US and around the world". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Disturbing' Meghan fumes at 'absurd' lawsuit [LIVE BLOG]Join us for our first Facebook Live! The Daily Express Royal Round-Up [LIVE EVENT]Queen put her foot down to stop Royal Family taking over her duties [VIDEO] He said: "Not only do they continue to lead by example, The Duke and Duchess have also decided to inspire the next generation of activists through the NAACP-Archewell Digital Civil Rights Award, ensuring the support and recognition of generations of civil rights leaders to come." During his award acceptance speech from LA's Pasadena Civic Auditorium, Harry took the chance to pay tribute to the people of Ukraine. He said: "We would like to acknowledge the people of Ukraine, who urgently need our continued support as a global community." The Duke added that he was destined to be with Meghan, saying: "I think it's safe to say that I come from a very different background from my incredible wife, yet our lives were brought together for a reason. "We share a commitment to a life of service, a responsibility to combat injustice, and a belief that the most often overlooked are the most important to listen to."