Carol Vorderman, 61, has taken to Instagram to share a throwback photo of herself and Carol Smillie in an old Radio Times cover photo, in which the presenters dressed up as Thelma and Louise from the '90s film starring Susan Sarandon. The Countdown favourite surprisingly revealed this evening that actress Susan once mistook the lookalike snap of Carol for herself. Carol posted a message to her 215,000 followers explaining the anecdote. The star was then met with a series of positive responses from fans, complimenting her and friend Carol Smillie, who appeared alongside her on the Radio Times front cover. The caption read: “Throwback Thursday… @carolsmillieofficial and I being Thelma and Louise for @radiotimes many moons ago. “Carol (S) was leading Changing Rooms on BBC1 and I was hosting 'Carol Vorderman's Better Homes' for ITV. READ NOW: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family “Both shows were rocking more than 10 million viewers every week. Heady days in TV. “So the week the magazine was in the shops, Susan Sarandon was over in London and I remember someone questioning her about being on the front cover on a radio show. “Her answer was delightful.” The TV presenter then said it meant a lot to her as she considered the Hollywood star to be a “top woman.” “She thought I was her!!! “That was a big tick in the box as far as I was concerned. She's a top woman after all!!!! Ha. “Happy memories. “Sending love to my mate Carol Smillie as ever. DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [UPDATE] 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [LATEST] Will Smith fires back at Rebel Wilson's joke about his marriage [DEBATE] "#homes #throwbackthursday." Carol’s fans were excited for her and took the comments to express their feelings. Russelltdavies63 penned: “That’s so beautiful.” Jmcvpies wrote: “Great movie.” Matthew_wade63 said: “I remember doing the hair on this shoot.” Arksgamephotos wrote: “Both stunning,” alongside a trio of flame emojis. Carol recently spoke up in remembrance of former Countdown co-star Richard Whiteley. The TV host recalled fond memories between the two. She explained how Richard was a “massive party animal” and the pair would have a great time at the Cheltenham festival together. The star, who affectionately refers to the former host as Whiters, owned a horse with Richard. They comically named the horse the Mare of Wetwang.