Both men and women's state pension ages are currently 66, and between 2026 and 2028 they will both rise to 67. This could rise again to 68 - as soon as 2037 - based on the latest life expectancy data, the costs of an ageing population and the state pension, and labour market trends. But Silver Voices, the UK-wide campaign organisation for older people, is calling for the next rise to be pushed back 10 years or ditched altogether. They say that life expectancy growth has stalled and warned of a “prolonged” cost of living crisis because of the war in Ukraine. The campaign group also points out that the Covid-19 crisis has encouraged some employers to dispense with older workers and rehire younger staff. Dennis Reed, Director of Silver Voices warned that until stronger age discrimination measures are introduced in the employment sector, there is a real danger that older workers “will continue to be cast off in their late fifties and early sixties”. He said: “With the cost-of-living crisis likely to worsen and lengthen as result of the War in Europe, older people need threats of a rise in the state pension age like a kick in the teeth. Millions of people in their late fifties and early sixties already find themselves unable to work, either through ill-health or age discrimination by employers, and have to eke out the time until their state pension on benefits and whatever savings they have. “Accelerated rises in the SPA would return state retirement policy to the era when older people were considered lucky to receive the state pension for a couple of years before they died”. The increase in state pension age 68 is currently scheduled to happen between 2044 and 2046, which would affect those born on or after April 1977.  But a previous Government review already recommended this should be brought forward to 2037-2039. The Department for Work and Pensions will have another look at the issue in a review conducted between now and spring 2023. This will consider differences across countries and regions in the UK, and the potential impact on disadvantaged individuals of waiting longer for a state pension. There are well known disparities in life expectancy due to wealth, with people living in affluent areas more likely to remain healthy into later life, as well as to live longer. A faster than expected rise in the state pension age could spark an outcry as people are forced to carry on working and miss out on years of extra retirement income, which they have earned by paying National Insurance contributions. 