  But any comfort we may take from this must be tempered. Putin could have chosen to order the type of aerial and artillery bombardment which he so mercilessly deployed in Syria, but opted for restraint. That restraint is now over. The pounding of the port city of Mariupol with cruise missiles and multi launch rocket systems shows that Putin’s generals, hesitant over urban street fighting which would preclude the use of heavy weapons and level the playing field for Ukrainian resistance fighters, are intent on creating more Aleppos as they strive to starve populations into submission. Elsewhere, Russia continues to defy intentional law by launching thermobaric weapons against civilian population centres and its careless targeting of Europe's largest nuclear reactor in Zaporizhia puts us in uncharted territory. To paraphrase the Caledonian chieftain Calgacus' description of the Roman invasion of Britain, Putin is willing to “make a desert and call it peace”. So where will this leave us six months from now? Having already declared he will not accept partial domination of Ukraine, Putin may find himself facing another Soviet Afghanistan, where cities are nominally under his control but fierce resistance continues.  The speed with which he can relocate his bogged down forces will determine his next move. It is widely believed that Ukraine is only the first stage of a wider plan by the former KGB colonel to reclaim Russia's Soviet Empire. Ironically, the need to insulate the motherland from infectious democracy grows only more urgent as unfolding events force him to impose ever more draconian edicts at home. Moldova and Georgia have already applied for fast-track EU membership, in the mistaken - or desperate - belief that the EU possesses the military wherewithal to defend them. It doesn't. While French President Emmanuel Macron continues to make speeches about European strategic autonomy without US assistance - bolstered more recently by Germany's admirable though belated Road to Damascus conversion to increased defence spending - both these countries failed to predict Russia's invasion. Indeed, they actively challenged intelligence reports from the UK and, particularly, the US which, though it is 8,000 miles away, proved accurate. What these hasty EU applications may have done is to focus Putin's mind on his next targets. Moldova today contains 5,000 Russian peacekeepers, and Georgia's bureaucracy is heavily infiltrated by Russia. They are relatively low-hanging fruit. Sweden and Finland can expect the same attention while Russia seeks assurances of neutrality following unprecedented requests to join Nato. Putin won't need to send divisions. His capacity to apply coercive pressure ranges from disinformation campaigns to missiles. Europe would scream.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea But would US President Joe Biden, having refused to deploy troops to non-Nato Ukraine, dare intercede on behalf of these two non-Nato nations? And Putin may not stop there. The decision to leave ten Russian battalions in Belarus for fear of a Polish-counter attack shows that Putin, as ever inhabiting his Cold War mindset, did not buy Biden's clear messaging that Nato would not respond with force. The fact that it didn't may embolden him to test Nato's resolve in Lithuania or Estonia. Those who know Biden have no doubt that he will see such a move as "his moment" and not turn his back on an Article 5 call.But Putin may well ask himself: will Americans really risk nuclear war over Narva, the mostly Russian populated Estonian city on Russia's border? What about a 40km bite out of Lithuania - the so-called Suwalki Gap that links Russia proxy Belarus from the Russian military exclave of Kaliningrad? It is now all too apparent that only an internal change can interrupt Putin's trajectory. The only thing we can do, short of potential nuclear conflict, is to keep raising the cost of Russian blood and treasure. * Marco Giannangeli is the Diplomatic Editor of the Sunday Express  