After Germany reluctantly sent over 1,000 missiles to Ukraine last week, the delivery has been mocked as "particularly embarrassing" as the boxes they came in were mouldy and much of the equipment didn't work. Germany has a long standing rule of blocking lethal weapons from being sent to conflict zones. However, the historic rule was abruptly broken last week when German Chancellor Olaf Scholz finally bowed to pressure and sent 1,000 anti-tank weapons and 500 Stinger anti-aircraft defence systems to Ukraine. The German government also authorised the Netherlands to send 400 rocket-propelled grenade launchers to the country, and told Estonia to ship over nine howitzer guns. The weapons sent by Estonia and the Netherlands were manufactured in Germany or in East German stocks. READ MORE: Turkey: Erdogan power play over Putin  Before Saturday's turnaround, both countries were prevented from sending military aid to Ukraine because Germany was withholding its approval. In a shock change decision to go against Germany's historic policy, the German Chancellor said in a statement: "The Russian invasion of Ukraine marks a turning point. "It threatens our entire post-war order. "In this situation, it is our duty to do our utmost to support Ukraine in defending itself against Vladimir Putin’s invading army. "Germany stands closely by Ukraine’s side.”   It comes after Germany was seen to be dragging its feet in sending military aid in the build-up to the invasion, while the UK was one of the first to send weapons to Ukraine. According to Spiegel, the missiles sent by Germany are at least 35 years old and have "micro-cracks in the propellant of the ammunition", which has led to corrosion and oxidation of the weapons. Spiegel also reported that the missile wooden storage boxes were "so mouldy" that when Bundeswehr soldiers were doing check in November, they were only allowed to enter the storage facilities while wearing protective equipment. DON'T MISS: Wheat 'super spike' warning as prices set to rise [INSIGHT]Israeli airport trolls Russian planes by signalling with Ukraine flag  [COMMENT]Russia-Ukraine war: West ‘took eye off the ball’ [ANALYSIS]  The popular German news outlet said: "What an embarrassment for the German government". German officials recently confirmed plans to send 2,700 Strela anti-aircraft missiles from the GDR's National People's Army. However, before the Strela missiles are handed over to Ukraine, The Federal Security Council has to approve the delivery. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg. 