The insights, compiled to celebrate International Women’s Day, show how much has changed since the 15th century, when widowed Katherine Fenkyll took over her husband’s drapery business in Tudor London. Other notable early milestones include the launch of the first women’s magazine “The Female Spectator”, published by Eliza Haywood, and The Sex Discrimination Removal Act, allowing women to practise law. The twentieth century saw big changes including the first female bank manager, transport minister and train driver, and Stella Brummel becoming the first “businesswoman of the year” in 1974. It was also in the 70s that International Women’s Day was formalised (1977), with the 45th annual event falling on 8th March this year with the theme “Break the Bias”. The timeline was commissioned by Funding Circle and curated by historian and broadcaster Professor Kate Williams. Modern milestones include women on FTSE boards increasing by 50 percent in five years in 2021, and the same year saw the gender pay gap dropping to 15.4 percent. Lisa Jacobs, CEO at Funding Circle, said: “International Women’s Day reminds us how important it is to support women’s rights and celebrate their achievements - and this includes the UK’s many female business owners. “Every day, these entrepreneurs are making a significant contribution to the UK economy - creating jobs and driving economic growth. We’re proud to support them at Funding Circle.” A study of 2,000 women also found 63 percent believe International Women’s Day is important, and an eighth actively look to support female owned companies. Increased maternity benefits (32 percent), flexible working hours (43 percent), and more women holding senior positions (45 percent) are among the ways women believe the working world has improved for them in the past ten years. But there is still a way to go - with increased pay, equal job opportunities and less sexism the top advances they’d like to see in the future. When searching or applying for a job, women look for flexible working (62 percent), development opportunities (47 percent), and strong policies for diversity and inclusion (32 percent). Almost a quarter of women have known they were getting paid less than a male in the same role - and as a result 36 percent of them questioned their employer, while 13 percent even quit their job. Those surveyed, via OnePoll, admitted they have faced obstacles at work - including having to take time off for childcare or menstrual and menopausal symptoms, and having a lack of female role models in their company. One in six have also felt gender stereotyped, and 15 percent of women have avoided applying for a job because it sounded like a “male role”. Michelle Obama was found to be the top role model in the world of work according to females, followed by Emmeline Pankhurst and Deborah Meaden. Other notable names from history which influenced women in work include Ada Lovelace, the first computer programmer, wax modeller Madame Tussaud, and Agnes Marshall, the “Ice Cream Queen”. Kate Williams said: “The timeline shows how far women have come in the world of work, thanks to acts such as The Sex Discrimination Removal Act and the Sex Discrimination (Amendment) act. “There are so many milestones to be celebrated and notable women who perhaps haven’t been given enough recognition. “This International Women’s Day is a celebration of breaking the bias and realising that we still need to break inequality, remove stereotypes and reject discrimination.” TOP 40 MILESTONES FOR WOMEN IN BUSINESS: TOP 10 FEMALE ROLE MODELS IN THE WORLD OF WORK: