Actress Antonia Thomas has confirmed she will return as Dr Claire Browne for the fifth season of The Good Doctor. While fans will be thrilled to see the series regular make a comeback to the smash-hit ABC hospital drama, sadly the TV star isn’t planning to stick around. Antonia will appear in just two episodes of the current season of The Good Doctor, set to air later this spring. Her return was confirmed by TVLine, who reported Claire will pay a visit to St Bonaventure for the first time since her exit last year. The actress announced her departure in June 2021, just a few hours before the season four finale aired. In episode 20, Vamos, Claire accepted a position overseas after the team’s life-changing mission in Guatemala. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Thankfully, Antonia hinted at the time this wouldn’t be the end of Claire’s story as she assured fans she was open to coming back. She told Deadline: “I think, ultimately, for me, it’s about coming to the point where I think we’ve really run the gamut of different things that Claire can have gone through. “I’m now really excited to explore different creative opportunities.” Formerly known for British series such as Misfits and Lovesick, The Good Doctor marked the first major US role of her career. She has since appeared in 76 episodes of the primetime drama, but was ready to take on new acting challenges after four years portraying Claire. Her departure was one of the toughest moments in the show’s history, but the story of Dr Shaun Murphy (played by Freddie Highmore) and the rest of the St Bonaventure staff still manages to pull in millions of viewers each week. The already stellar fifth season has just given viewers yet another reason to tune in now they know Claire will be swinging by for a two-episode guest spot. Revealing more about her decision to quit, Antonia said: “Really for me, if there was more time in the year to be able to shoot the show and to be able to go off and do some of the other things that I’m wanting to explore now, I’d do both. DON'T MISS:Line of Duty’s Martin Compston on possible season 7 release [LATEST]Lucifer’s Dan star sent tributes for huge new role [NEWS]Top Boy fans fume as major character killed in trailer [SPOILERS] “It has not been an easy decision for me to leave, so I absolutely would love to come back every now and then and say hi… I’m very much looking forward to that.” Executive producer David Shore later told TVLine: “We would love to find places to bring her back. “She’s such a part of this world, and will always be a part of this world, so it will be lovely to see [Claire] — for her to bring a story to us, or just to come in for the highlights of peoples’ lives.” Thankfully, it didn’t take long for Antonia to hold up her end of the bargain, as it seems Claire will be back less than a year after her initial departure. However, fans shouldn’t expect her surprise appearances to become a regular occurrence, as the actress is still on the lookout for new projects. She has already joined the all-star cast of Channel 4’s upcoming thriller series, Suspect, in which a detective tries to track down his daughter’s killer. James Nesbitt leads the series, along with Joely Richardson, Sex Education’s Anne-Marie Duff, Richard E Grant, Ben Miller and Outlander favourite Sam Heughan. Season five of The Good Doctor is finally continuing again after a three-month hiatus, with new episodes dropping over the next two Mondays. The Good Doctor season 5 continues Mondays on ABC in the USA. It is available to stream on NOW in the UK.