Lord Sugar, 74, did not hold back in his criticism of Peaky Blinders and Killing Eve despite their enormous following and success. The Apprentice star took to his Twitter account today to share his review of the two critically acclaimed programmes. In view of his 5.2 million followers, Lord Sugar pointed out that he believes the shows’ plots are “far too complicated”. He wrote: “Struggling a bit with Peaky Blinders. “Also seen Ep 1 Killing Eve season 4 in USA. “I think they are going over the top in both programmes with far too complicated ( and confusing ) plots.” The scathing review attracted more than 1,270 likes within less than 24 hours. However, Lord Sugar’s remarks sparked debate as not everyone agreed with his point of view. Some Twitter users recommended other shows for the outspoken business magnate. Jujules3 said: “I agree about Peaky Blinders. “I’ll stick with it and hope I remember what has happened so far. Don’t watch Killing Eve. “You should try Ozark that’ll drive you to sleep too. Same thing every episode.” SkeeWee2013 said about Peaky Blinders: “I'm really struggling with all the Brummie accents in Peaky Blinders. “Did the actors really need to portray Brummies in a show set in Birmingham?” DON'T MISS‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT]Matt Baker sparks frenzy with family announcement on Instagram [NEWS]Brendan Cole's ex-Strictly partner Victoria Pendleton admits issues [UPDATE] Neilrogersuk penned: “Killing eve should of finished after it’s first series. “British shows used to be about quality over quantity. “Look at the ‘the bodyguard’ limited series 6 episodes of TV perfection. “Look at fawlty towers 12 episodes of brilliance.” StuartHydeQPM suggested: “Still good drama. And shows should mix it up a bit. “Maybe Apprentice could get the candidates to do some good supporting a charity for one episode and see who delivers the most impact. “Rather than a simple bottom line number. That would not be complicated.” LouisWalshXFact typed: “Stick with Peaky Blinders. Killing eve gets pretty boring and confusing so I wouldn’t bother with that one.”