With just a few skincare, beauty and lifestyle tweaks, some claim all women can reverse the appearance of ageing. Yvonne, who often gets mistaken for her 20-year-old son’s sister, credits her youthful looks to a finely tuned skincare routine. “I've always taken care of my skin, and I don't wear a lot of makeup so my skin doesn't get kind of clogged up." Yvonne has only started wearing makeup in her 40s and 50s for one shocking reason. “It's only in my later life that I've started wearing makeup because it actually makes me look older.” Yvonne learnt about the art of skincare during her time at modelling school, and while she chose not to pursue it as a career, she’s taken the lessons she learned through her life. READ MORE: Woman looks 15 years younger with 'brilliant' trick London born and bred, she realises the importance of protecting one’s skin from city pollution. She continued: “And I've always kind of tried to use natural products on my skin rather than synthetic and scientific formulas.” Concocting her own anti-ageing skincare potions, Yvonne mixes shea butter and essential oils for the winter, and in summer goes for cooling aloe vera. “In terms of brands, I'm currently in love with Ren as a skincare brand, not only because the products are really good, but they also have a great sustainability policy of trying to reduce plastics in the ocean." Some of Yvonne’s top tips for maintaining a youthful appearance include investing in a good eye cream and sampling skincare products - which is a free route to fantastic skin. “Always try samples for a few days to see how your skin reacts to it rather than going out and buying the full product. “For my haircare, I like a product called Afrocenchix, as it’s all-natural and vegan as well.” As for physical activity, Yvonne isn’t one to spend hours in the gym, and even has a funny nickname for it. “Regarding exercise, I really don’t like Jim – I’ll call him that.” With the help of a mentor, Yvonne realised that rather than slaving away for hours lifting weights or attending classes, she can “raise her energy” with just 15 minutes of exercise each morning. An “absolutely accessible” attitude to working out, Yvonne alternates between full-body workouts and yoga to keep “limber – so I don’t seize up in my old age”. She likes to stick to a healthy diet, eating food that is organic where possible, and with low-fat content. But Yvonne doesn’t deprive herself and is happy to order a takeaway as long as she’s mindful of what she’s eating, swapping doner meat for shish meat when ordering Turkish food, for example. As for alcohol, Yvonne is “pretty boring”, and although she enjoys a glass of wine, champagne or Prosecco, doesn’t drink every day “or even every week”. So how does it feel to look almost half your age? People are always surprised when Yvonne tells them her age, and has even been asked for ID when trying to purchase a bottle of wine. Perhaps the funniest moment was when a 27-year-old man asked her on a date when she was on a break from her partner. “I was walking through my local shopping centre. I even had a shopping trolley - the ones old ladies walk with - that you say you’ll never walk with.” Her advice to women who want to look younger is to try not to worry or become overwhelmed, as “that's the thing that makes you look makes you age quicker”. Overall, she embraces her youthful looks, but has experienced one downside: "In the workplace I almost get treated like I don't know what I'm talking about, so I have to put myself out there even more to show that I do. "It's very frustrating." Minimising needless worry by exercise, journaling and practising self-care ensures that “you're just going to age the way that you are supposed to”.