Nearly three (2.8) million people rely on Personal Independence Payments (PIP) in England, Scotland and Wales. Some claimants are in work but claim the benefit from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to top up their income because their condition affects how many hours they can work. As the cost of living crisis continues to squeeze Britons’ finances, saving money has never been more important. PIP replaced the Disability Living Allowance in 2013 and is paid to people who have a disability or long-term health condition that affects their everyday lives. Campaigners are urging people to check they are receiving all the Government help they are entitled to as £15billion goes unclaimed in DWP benefits every year. It could mean up to £608 a month from the DWP in PIP payments, depending on how the condition affects someone's ability to complete everyday tasks. READ MORE: 13 things you can do NOW to pay less capital gains and inheritance tax In addition, PIP also acts as a gateway benefit to 10 other benefits and freebies that could save people thousands of pounds. In some cases, claimants could be eligible for free prescriptions, a Cold Weather Payment and reduced Council Tax. These extra benefits have the potential to lift thousands of people out of poverty. Below is a full list of things that people on PIP can get for free or for a reduced cost.  DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] 10 freebies you can claim on PIP:  Typically, 19 conditions meet the DWP’s requirements for claiming PIP as well as Long-Covid which has recently been added. These conditions include: malignant disease, skin disease, infectious disease, cardiovascular disease, gastrointestinal disease, haematological disease and diseases of the liver, gallbladder and biliary tract. In addition, respiratory disease, diseases of the immune system, musculoskeletal disease, autoimmune disease, genitourinary disease, endocrine disease, metabolic disease, neurological disease also qualify. Britons might also be eligible for PIP is they suffer from visual disease, psychiatric disorders, multisystem and extremes of age and hearing disorders.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much will PIP rates rise by in April? To make a new claim for PIP, people can call the new claims line on 0800 917 2222.  