  Stephen Fry has made a handful of guest appearances on Countdown in the past, but he is now back all this week, delighting Channel 4 viewers. Maths whizz Rachel Riley reacted to the news with a heart emoji as she told Stephen he was “worth the wait”.     Rachel, 36, took to Twitter today to compliment national icon Stephen in view of her 695,600 followers. She replied to Stephen’s tweet from yesterday, which read: “After a 20 year gap, I’ll be guesting on @C4Countdown all this week. Stephen, 64, also tagged Rachel and Dictionary Corner star Susie Dent, 57, in his exciting announcement to his 12.4 million followers. Reacting to Stephen’s first day of guesting on the show, Rachel wrote: “Worth the wait! (heart emoji)”. READ MORE: Will Smith issues apology to Chris Rock following behaviour at Oscars     Plenty of other people reacted to Stephen’s return to the show, with some calling for him to stay permanently. George Crisp commented: “And you’re doing a instant job of reminding us why you’re an absolute b***dy national treasure. Please stay forever.” (sic) Another twitter user wrote: “If @AnneRobinson decides to step down at some point in the future, I think you would be a fantastic replacement.” Sue Harding added: “It was lovely to see you - I think you should be in Ms Robinson's seat, though!”      YorkBHoy also seemed thrilled, penning: “After a 20 year gap, I'll be watching @C4Countdown all this week (checks to see if channel 4 has an app…)” Others were keen to see Stephen star in the show’s comedy spin-off, 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown. Ivan Finch wrote: “Could have been great to see you on 8 out of 10 cats does countdown.” “8 out of 10 cats does countdown, I could watch that, classic version is so serious!” (sic) added Jojo_tabby. READ MORE... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [LATEST] Jada Pinkett Smith shares cryptic post after Will Smith's Oscars slap [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen bans visitors to Ravenseat Farm [NEWS]      Stephen’s time sitting in Dictionary Corner beside Susie appears to have delighted Countdown fans so far. The former QI host has been bringing smiles to viewers' faces with his little celebrations after getting sums right in the numbers round. Rachel seemed amused when she caught him punching the air while she was explaining the answer to one equation, which led him to admit he “wasn’t very good” at his times table at school. “I love it when I get them, I feel so proud because I don’t expect to,” he confessed.      Stephen has become a household name over the years as a respected actor, author, broadcaster and comedian. He rose to fame in the 1980s as one half of the comic double act Fry and Laurie, alongside Hugh Laurie, with the two starring in A Bit of Fry & Laurie and Jeeves and Wooster. Since then, he has notably starred in Blackadder with Rowan Atkinson, The Hobbit film series and is also famous for voicing the Harry Potter audiobook recordings and hosting QI. Additionally, he is a Sunday Times best-selling author and recently starred in Disney+ series The Dropout opposite Amanda Seyfried.   