Cathy (played by Gabrielle Dowling) has been spending a lot more time with the younger characters on Emmerdale in recent weeks, mostly staying in the background, with the main focus being on Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) and Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell). With the ITV soap making it known they want to use the talent of the younger cast for some important and dramatic storylines in the future, Cathy will become front and centre of the action in upcoming scenes. Unfortunately, it might not be for the right reasons as Samson (Sam Hall) dashes their chances of being in a relationship. With Amelia having been brutally and cruelly rejected by Noah in recent weeks, Cathy believes she can get the man she has been keeping an eye on. The youngster doesn't go about it in the most conventional way in next week's episodes as she begins to lie about being in a relationship. She starts to tell her school friends she and Samson are embarking on a romance and they will become the next power couple. Samson doesn't take too kindly to the news as he is actually interested in pursuing something with his friend Amelia. Worried this lie could ruin things for him, the Dingle boy lets down Cathy in a very cruel way as he tells her in no uncertain terms they will ever be together. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge? The youngster is left incredibly embarrassed as she thought Samson was feeling the same way she was but was too shy to do anything about it. This is not the news Bob Hope's (Tony Audenshaw) daughter would have wanted to hear and it is likely in the coming weeks she will struggle to keep her emotions in check. Having been rejected, she could decide she is going to flee the Dales as she doesn't want to be around anyone at the moment. With the youngster going missing, her friends and loved ones will want to do their best to try and bring her home to ensure she is safe. In fact, it could be Samson who finds the school girl crying her eyes out in one of the barns on Butler's Farm as she didn't have any plan on where she was going. As they begin to talk, Samson could explain it was Amelia he wanted something to happen with and not Cathy before apologising for the way he treated her. Of course, it would still be hard for the youngster to accept she is not going to get the man of her dreams but she could understand he is being very respectful towards her. Knowing she is strong enough to take on the world, she would return to the village with Samson and apologise for running away. Realising Samson needs some help with getting closer to Amelia, Cathy could in fact become the young Cupid of the Dales. But will her help work to Samson's advantage or will it be a hindrance to him ever having a chance with his friend? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley's wife on 'weight of what's going on at home' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'covered in bruises and shame’ after fall [COMMENT] Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year, the executive producer of the show, Jane Hudson revealed the younger cast were going to take centre stage in the coming months. The soap boss said: "I think it's really important for the show that we have stories aimed at everybody. "What makes soaps different from a lot of dramas is our reach, which is teens right up to 90 plus. We've got a lot of viewers to keep happy. "This year the likes of Noah, Amelia, Samson, Archie, Cathy and Sarah – you're going to be seeing them much more prominent in the stories because they deal with topics that affect their generation and we see how they handle things. "It's really important that we keep our youngsters coming through because they are our next generation," she added. Cathy in particular hasn't had a big storyline since she was involved in a cyberbullying plot with April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan). Bob's daughter had been taunting the youngster over the death of her mother and making her life a living hell for months. Last autumn, it came to a head as Cathy was given a caution by the police for the abuse she had been subjecting April to. It was further explained she had done this because her father was giving his granddaughter April attention around the anniversary of Donna Windsor's (Verity Rushworth) demise. For months, Bob and Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) were trying to help the girls reconcile and in recent months, they have been getting on a lot better. Following recent scenes in which Cathy encouraged Amelia to pursue things with Noah, viewers have taken to Twitter to comment on the youngster's part in the storyline. Luna wrote: "Cathy's as delightful as ever then? #emmerdale." Sal added: "Amelia is turning out to be a good character… surely she deserves better friends than Cathy and Chloe." Some viewers questioned her age as the youngster tried to buy alcohol, with Domain posting: "How did Cathy think they were gonna sell her a bottle of vodka?" Jamal commented on the social media platform: "Seriously how old is Cathy? This is so wrong on many levels #emmerdale." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.