The Queen is widely expected to attend the service of thanksgiving taking place on March 29 to honour the life of her beloved late husband, Prince Philip. At the service, taking place at Westminster Abbey, she will surely be joined by several members of her family. But the Windsors won't be the only royals in attendance, as the official diary of the sovereign of Sweden states King Carl XVI Gustaf and his wife Queen Silvia will travel to London in 20 days to attend the service. This revelation sparked speculation that members of other European royal families may also join the Queen at the much-anticipated event. Royal watcher RoyalArjan commented on news of the attendance of the Swedish royals tweeting: "And I’m pretty sure many other European royals will follow." He added in a second tweet: "Actually: I'm absolutely sure about that. "The attendance of the King and Queen of Sweden means that all European sovereigns/royal families will have received invitations. "No doubt they will all be there." Other royal watchers appeared to share this opinion, with one, named Daniel, replying to this tweet to say: "I think Norway is [a] strong possibility." Another Twitter user, Canellecitadelle, said: "I do hope so! they have to support one another." READ MORE: Prince Charles ‘adored’ Meghan Markle: ‘Welcomed her like a daughter' A third, Carol Cochrane, said: "How nice, so good to hear they will be attending. Hope others do too". And another, Agnes, noted this memorial service will give people the opportunity to properly pay respect to the Duke of Edinburgh almost one year after his funeral service took place in the midst of a national lockdown. She tweeted: "Hoping all will be able to attend [to] show their respects as they weren't able to attend his funeral due to the pandemic. Showing their support [to] our Queen". The service of thanksgiving was announced one month ago. The Duke had a long association with the abbey where the service, the attendance to which will be by invitation only, is taking place. In November 1947, he married there the future sovereign. Six years later, the Queen was crowned at the abbey during a televised ceremony where he pledged to be his wife's "liege man of life and limb". The couple also marked with services of thanksgiving their Silver, Golden and Diamond Wedding anniversaries. Prince Philip died at Windsor Castle on April 9. His funeral took place at the nearby St George's Chapel on the following Saturday. Due to the Covid restrictions in place at the time, only 30 people attended the service inside the chapel - including the Queen, her children and grandchildren. The grieving monarch famously sat two metres away from her loved ones, abiding by the social distancing rules in place. Given no Covid restrictions are currently in place, at the upcoming service the monarch will be able to sit close to her family. The Queen's attendance will depend upon her health condition. The 95-year-old sovereign has battled a series of health woes over the past months, including a sprained back in November and Covid last month. But her return to virtual audiences at the beginning of March and her recent in-person meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau are raising hopes the monarch will be well enough over the next few weeks to step out of her residence in Berkshire.