Hydrangeas are best-loved for their colourful flower heads, and pruning is the best way to secure re-growth year after year. With spring now here to stay, it's the perfect time to do some much needed cutting-back as the shrub begins to grow. Dead blooms and a wandering structure are both key elements to tackle while pruning, but what’s the one mistake you might be making while doing it? Spring is a busy time for garden plants with plenty of varieties ready to be pruned ahead of the peak growing season. Most hydrangeas should be pruned in late winter or early spring, but what’s the right way to do it? The Royal Horticultural Society recommended pruning in two simple steps - deadheading and cutting back - and there’s one key step you should never forget. READ MORE: Plant pests: The 5 most common garden pests to watch out for in spring Old blooms should be removed to make room for fresh growth to emerge from March onwards. Start by removing dead flower heads with the pinch of your thumb and index finger before going in with some sharp secateurs. For most hydrangea shrubs, it is best to reduce the stems to the first strong, healthy pair of buds just down from where the faded blooms previously sat. Some hardier varieties, such as lacecaps and mop heads, should be cut back slightly differently, with a tougher cut required to stimulate new blooms. Lacecaps should be cut down to the second pair of leaves below the head in order to prevent energy-sapping seeds from developing. Mopheads are similar to lacecap hydrangeas and will benefit from a cutting of one or two stems from the base, or a more intense pruning which removes all stems from the base. A deeper prune will work well on a neglected or drying shrub, but it will delay flowering until at least the following year. Climbing hydrangeas will benefit from a hard pruning in spring with extensive cutting back all in one go. While this will delay flowering, it will rejuvenate the plant to increase its longevity once it begins to bloom again. DON'T MISS:Gardening hacks: How to get rid of slugs and snails with popular drink [INSIGHT]‘Fantastic way’ to protect plants from slug infestations [REVEAL]David Domoney recommends trick to kill weeds that doesn’t cost a penny [ANALYSIS] Pruning your plant correctly will depend on the type of hydrangea you are growing, but it’s not the only thing to consider while cutting back this vibrant plant. Removing stems from the body of the shrub is crucial to stimulate new flowers and stems, yet many gardeners forget to tackle low-set growth at the bottom of the plant. The RHS recommended removing weak, straggly stems throughout the plant while making sure that any stems which trail to the ground are also cut out. Tackling all aspects of the plant will open up the growing space for intertwined stems and make your hydrangea look even healthier when the clustered flowerheads reach full bloom. Before pruning your established hydrangeas, it is crucial to determine which variety you are growing in your garden. The most common types of hydrangea are characterised by a number of key details which set them apart, and these are the most important features you should know. These are a common choice for cottage gardens, thanks to their round heads of large blue, pink, green and whit petals. Known for its tiny flowers in the centre of the bloom, this variety boasts larger petals around the border which creates an impressive display throughout the flowering season. The clue is in the name for this variety, with its climbing stance often filing large stretches of fencing and walls.