Gardening experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk have shared the gardening jobs everyone should be doing in their gardens now as March and spring approaches. Now is the best time to plant summer bulbs, keep on top of weeding, and more. March is the best time to start preparing your garden for spring and summer, according to garden expert Chris Bonnett from GardeningExpress.co.uk. Chris explained: “As the weather warms up slightly, our gardens will slowly start coming back to life, so now is a good time to do things like get rid of weeds and prepare your soil. “It’s always best to keep an eye on the weather as we all know British weather doesn’t always follow through. “If you find that it’s still cold where you live then you may be able to put some of these jobs on hold for now. READ MORE: How to clean your fridge with baking soda and white vinegar “Despite the cold weather, there are still other jobs you can do in your garden this month like cleaning your patio and tidying up your lawn, ready for any entertaining you hope to do throughout spring and summer.” One of the most popular tasks to do in the garden now is to plant summer bulbs. The soil will be warming as spring approaches, so it will be easier to sow bulbs and seeds, according to the experts. But, to ensure your bulbs grow into healthy plants, it is important to keep on top of weeding. DON'T MISS:White vinegar for cleaning: 5 things vinegar and baking soda can clean [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [TIPS]Lawn care: How to mow your lawn to promote ‘healthy growth’  [EXPERT] Weeds tend to germinate in spring, and so it is best to tackle them now and prevent them from fully sprouting. The easiest way to do this is to pull weeds out of the ground by hand. Another task to do now is to keep slugs and snails at bay. These insects love warm weather and can cause havoc in your garden. The experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk recommended scattering slug and snail pellets on the ground before the creatures ruin your garden. If you fancy growing some vegetables this year, now is a good time to prepare and improve the soil to help them grow as well as they can. Chris said: “Most vegetables grow best in rich soil and you can enrich yours by adding things like bark, manure, and grass clippings.” One type of vegetable to plant now is rocket potatoes, which can be planted earlier than normal potatoes, such as at the end of March. This means the potatoes will be ready for harvest in June or July. “Rocket potatoes are considered to be one of the better variations of potatoes because they’re great for boiling,” Chris explained. Onions are another type of vegetable gardeners can start planting in March. These need fairly dry and warm soil, and so planting them in March will mean they will be ready to eat in late summer or early autumn.