Kate and Prince William returned to the nation where they first settled down as a married couple to celebrate the patron saint of Wales. On Tuesday, St David's Day, they visited Abergavenny and Blaenavon. As part of their visit, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge rolled up their sleeves and had a go at making Welsh cakes. However, their main focus was on learning more about the agricultural industry, leading in the area, and the economic hardship experienced in the region in the past three decades. Their first stop was at Pant Farm, a goat farm near Abergavenny, where Kate and William heard from farmers Gary and Jess Yeomans about their decades-long work as well as the challenges and opportunities their sector face. The farm has been providing milk to a local cheese producer for more than 20 years and is deeply entwined with local industries and services. At the farm, Kate appeared delighted to be able to cuddle and pet the animals and was filmed bursting into laughter while one of the more excited goats was biting one of her sleeves. There, Kate and Prince William also met representatives of the wider farming sector in Wales and the rest of the UK as well as people secondarily employed by the industry to gain a better understanding of how agriculture underpins so much of the local economy. Delighted by the royals' presence in Wales, fans of the couple took to Twitter to praise their work. One, @LadyIngrid_123, said: "You are doing a great work together." READ MORE: Prince George’s rumoured new school A second, @DancingInfinit1, added: "Always supporting communities, kinda love the relaxed vibes too. #DukeandDuchessofCambridge". Yet another, @partlyc2, wrote on the social media platform: "God bless you both. William your mom would be so proud of your work ethic. You really are the sweetest couple so down to earth". And finally, referring to Kate's laughter during her encounter with the goat, @loveforcambridg wrote: "Aw how cute! Lucky goats. And I absolutely love our Duchess’ laugh! It’s so good". To head to the farm, Kate and William donned practical outfits, with both the royals choosing to wear a green jacket with a daffodil pinned on their right-hand-side, black trousers and brown comfortable shoes. Kate also chose to wear a flaming red scarf. The Cambridges left the farm to head to Abergavenny Market, where they could see first-hand how important local suppliers are to the rural community - as well as to celebrate St David's Day. Later on Tuesday, they also headed to Blaenavon Hwb, a community-focused youth centre helping to support more than 600 young people in the area. Wales has a special place in the heart of Kate and William, who in 2011, after their marriage, first settled down as a married couple in Anglesey due to the Duke's work with the RAF Search & Rescue. After they left Wales, Prince William revealed just how fond the couple will always be of the nation. Speaking about Anglesey, he said: "This island has been our first home together, and it will always be an immensely special place for us both. "Catherine and I look forward to returning again and again over the coming years with our family. "I know that I speak for Catherine when I say that I have never in my life known somewhere as beautiful and as welcoming as Anglesey." Kate stressed how close she still feels to Anglesey in January, upon turning 40. After three new portraits by photographer Paolo Roversi were released to mark the Duchess' milestone birthday, Kensington Palace announced the photos will be exposed in three yet-to-be-disclosed locations close to the Duchess' heart as part of the Coming Home exhibition hosted by the National Portrait Gallery. Among the areas chosen, Kate picked the Welsh island. Prior to arriving in Wales for their latest visit, Kate and William marked St David's Day. Writing their wishes both in English and Welsh, their message shared on Twitter read: "Happy St David’s Day - Dydd Gŵyl Dewi Hapus "See you soon to learn all about the role of small businesses in local communities - from farm, to market, to table - and how young people’s opportunities are being improved by charities and engaging projects across Wales".