Juventus moved within just a point of third-placed side Inter Milan in the Serie A on Sunday. However, the comments by manager Massimiliano Allegri about Paulo Dybala took the gloss off of the victory for some Juve fans, though they will have caught the attention of some of the top clubs in Europe. Dybala opened the scoring for the Old Lady in the fifth minute of their 2-0 victory over Salernitana, rounding off a neat passing move by cutting onto his right foot and firing a fierce strike underneath goalkeeper Sepe. Arsenal’s January transfer target Dusan Vlahovic scored Juve’s second by nodding home from close range in the 29th minute. Dybala impressed with his creativity and desire to race in behind and stretch the Salernitana defence with his pace. But Juve fans will be fearful that this is the last season that they will see the 28-year-old at the Allianz Stadium. Dybala is out of contract in the summer and is yet to agree on a contract extension with the Serie A outfit, with many feeling it is inevitable that the Argentine will be departing. Allegri added to the uncertainty by revealing he isn’t sure if the forward will be a Juventus player next season. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause Speaking to DAZN about the no.10, who has been linked with a move to Liverpool on a free transfer, Allegri was asked about Dybala’s future: “The rapport with Paulo and all the players is good. There are some exchanges of opinion, I am always rather direct, but I am like this for the good of the players, who know they have my faith and admiration.” Allegri was asked whether he thinks Dybala will remain at the club beyond the 1st of July, to which he replied: “I don’t know if he will be a Juventus player or not, that is a matter for the club. We often talk with the club, it’s not just Paulo whose contract is running down, but also Bernardeschi, De Sciglio, Perin and Cuadrado.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause  With Liverpool reportedly interested, the comments about Dybala will certainly grab their attention and the opportunity to sign a top-quality playmaker for free could be too good to pass up on. Despite signing Luis Diaz in the summer, Jurgen Klopp’s side could be on the verge of an attacking crisis next year. Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane are all out of contract in the summer of 2023 and there are doubts over which of the trio will pen new deals and commit their future to Anfield. The arrival of Dybala could provide Jurgen Klopp with a safety net of a top talent if any of the negotiations are unsuccessful whilst providing depth for all competitions next season.