The CW’s mysterious teen drama Riverdale finally made its long-awaited return with the remainder of season six, after it first landed in November. While the show had a huge fanbase, the mid-season premiere seemed to have missed a beat as viewers shared their disappointment.  Throughout the series, fans have watched their beloved Riverdale characters go from crime-busting teenagers to fully-fledged young adults. Despite this their love for solving crime never faltered, this was seen in the shocking season finale. Fans will remember when Hiram Lodge (played by Mark Consuelos) planted a bomb underneath Archie Andrews' (KJ Apa) bed with him and Betty Cooper (Lili Reinhart) inside the house. It was an extreme attempt to take out his arch-nemesis while he was on his way out of town after being exiled by his daughter who found evidence of him being guilty of murder.  READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show The explosion caused a major shift in the town, which meant viewers were transported to the parallel universe of Rivervale, where everyone lived in an alternate universe. As well as supernatural things happening, the show began to portray a number of disturbing storylines. Including the unforgettable scene in the premiere when Archie was sacrificed. However, by episode five, Jughead Jones (Cole Sprouse) helped the gang restore normality after they discovered a rip in the universe and were able to close Rivervale for good.  With viewers eagerly awaiting the return of Riverdale to see the gang living out their normal lives, a number of fans were disappointed with the comeback episode. Many of them took to social media to share their feelings about it. Twitter user @KenzieBrokkman wrote: “After season three it’s hit different in a bit bad but not good way. it’s not riverdale, it’s just riverdale.” Another, @CarlyLeJour, questioned: “Why is Riverdale still a thing?” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? [THEORY]Riverdale’s Veronica star speaks out on ending [INSIGHT]Riverdale's Josie McCoy star lands huge new role away from CW drama [INSIGHT]  Another viewer @likeal0stcause tweeted: “Dude never mind about riverdale, I just watched it and that whole ep gave me a headache.” While @BugVarchie_love added: “I don’t know where to start on any of this. I feel like I get what they’re going for but I don’t think any of it is actually very compelling? Just felt off or flat to me tonight. I’m just disappointed.” Although a number of fans were unhappy with the episode, this wasn’t the overall feeling for its entire audience as there were other fans who thoroughly enjoyed it.   Twitter user @starcrossednace tweeted: “Just finished the ep, I actually LOVE the super power storyline, love Barchie obviously & Jabitha are so sweet & I love the intensity of emotion we’re seeing from Veronica. Overall great ‘season premiere.’” @damanda835 added: “I'm glad Riverdale made a return.” As it is only the first episode back, viewers who disliked the premiere should stay tuned to see if their opinion will be changed. Riverdale is available on The CW in America. Season 6B will be available to watch on Monday, March 21, on Netflix UK. 