Fully vaccinated Britons used to have to have a negative PCR test or lateral test to travel to Cyprus. The PCR test had to be taken within 72 hours while the lateral flow test had to be taken just 24 hours earlier. However, Cyprus has now ditched the strict rules and fully vaccinated tourists no longer need to have a test before travel. To count as fully vaccinated, British tourists need to have both vaccinations or a booster jab if their second vaccine was more than 270 days ago. Unvaccinated Britons will need to have a pre-arrival test and pay for a PCR test at the airport after arriving. The move comes as many countries relax tough travel restrictions introduced to combat the pandemic. READ MORE: Unbelievably helpful’ flying tip for back pain Tunisia no longer requires kids up to the age of 18 to have a vaccination or Covid test to enter the country. Spain has also lifted more of its vaccine restrictions and teenagers aged between 12-17 can now travel with a negative PCR test. Dubai no longer requires Covid tests from fully vaccinated arrivals while Italy has introduced the same rule. However, passengers travelling to Dubai are advised to check with their airline first as rules can change rapidly. Iceland has lifted all its Covid travel restrictions including for unvaccinated British travellers. Fully vaccinated Britons returning to the UK no longer need to take a Covid test on their arrival. They still have to fill out a passenger locator form although there are hopes this could be scrapped before the Easter holidays. Tim Alderslade, chief executive of trade body Airlines UK said: “Ministers are absolutely right to remove the remaining restrictions but this needs to cut across all elements of the economy, including travel. “If there is no requirement to self-isolate for those with Covid in the UK, jabbed or otherwise, there can be no justification for continuing with travel restrictions for the unvaccinated, including the continued use of the passenger locator form which, although not as as bad as testing, remains a deterrent to travel.” An ABTA spokesperson said the UK needed a “clear rationale” as to why the forms remained in place. As British tourists regain confidence in travel, agents have reported an increase in bookings. easyJet data reported that over 30 percent of Britons are planning a holiday in Spain this year. However, British tourists may need to contend with a rise in prices, as the cost of flights is expected to rise. Experts estimate that flight prices will rise by 25 percent by the end of June due to an increase in the price of oil. Although this will first impact airlines, the charge is expected to pass to the consumer in an increase in ticket price. British tourists have also been warned over holiday scams, including fake advertising and refund schemes. Which? said that criminals had exploited the pandemic to take advantage of British tourists. British tourists are advised to check the latest restrictions on the Government website as rules can change rapidly.