Queen guitarist Brian May has revealed that he believed Queen to be "dead and gone" following the tragic death of the band's lead singer, Freddie Mercury. In an unearthed interview, the musician, 74, told of his devastation at losing his close friend and the rock band's frontman, believing that he would never play again until he and the band joined forces with Adam Lambert, 40, a decade ago. Musical genius Freddie died of bronchial pneumonia in 1991 following complications from AIDS. Following the tragic news, Brian candidly told how he thought he would never play in a band again. He said: "I was completely convinced it was over. "I remember driving past all these arenas that we used to play and thinking, ‘That’s gone. I’ll never do that again.'" READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top The star explained that his bandmate's death left him feeling like a "small" person. Brian continued to play guitar for himself in the wake of Freddie's death, but was convinced that the band would never reform. He admitted to The Guardian: "I was making my music, but I thought Queen was over and dead and gone forever." Addressing the singer's death, the guitarist told how he and his bandmates, John Deacon and Roger Taylor, were left in a state of "disbelief". He said: "We didn’t get over it for a very long time, I’m not even sure we’re over it now, but there was a two-year period where we were grieving and behaving irrationally, almost denying the existence of Queen." However, 30 years after the star's death, the band have now accepted the loss of Freddie and have continued to make music. "But you do get over it to a point. And now I realise that Queen is in me and I am in Queen, and that can’t change," he explained. In 2011, American Idol star Adam joined Queen for a performance at the MTV Europe Awards in Belfast where the group accepted a Global Icon Award. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him [INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]Lord Sugar slams Piers Morgan for 'crowing without giving solution' [UPDATE] Following the success of the performance, Adam joined the band as a more permanent member of the group. Brian addressed Adam's role in the band in 2018, explaining that Freddie would have had mixed feelings about him due to his talent. He told Yahoo: “Freddie would love and hate him, because Adam has a real gift from God. “It’s a voice in a billion, nobody has that range, nobody that I’ve ever worked with, not just the range, but the quality throughout the range. “I’ve seen Adam develop just like I watched Freddie develop.” However, he later said in 2019 that he believes Freddie would have “approved” of his replacement. The guitarist called Adam a "true phenomenon", adding on social media: "And here is the Modern Marvel without whom, for sure, Queen would not be out here delivering at the top level. "Adam Lambert is only now beginning to be recognised by the greater public as the true phenomenon that he is." He continued: "Gifted with a voice in a billion, for himself he is a passionate and unyielding perfectionist. Gifted to us, he is the reason that we are still alive as a functioning rock band. "And still able to take on new challenges. Plus … he’s nice. That’s a big deal when you’re a touring family. Freddie would approve, big time," he ended the post.