Manchester United technical director Darren Fletcher has hailed under-fire coach Eric Ramsay amid the team's struggles scoring from set-pieces, particularly corners, this season. Supporters have targeted Ramsay with criticism, but Fletcher has clarified how he has improved United in dead-ball situations. The Red Devils' opening goal in their 4-2 win against Leeds United last month was significant in itself, given the magnitude of the occasion. But it made headlines because Harry Maguire's header was their first goal from a corner in the Premier League this season - after 140 attempts. Most questions were aimed at Ramsay, who joined Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's coaching staff ahead of the 2021/22 season. And Ralf Rangnick kept him at Old Trafford after arriving as interim manager on the back of Solskjaer's sacking in November. JUST IN: Donny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at Everton Recently speaking to the official club website, Fletcher's comments suggest Ramsay is a popular figure amongst United's backroom staff. And the ex-midfielder has stressed that whilst the main focus has been on attacking set-pieces, United have become more resolute at the other end of the pitch under Ramsay's guidance. He said: "People only give the one narrative about scoring from set-pieces. The biggest reason Eric was brought in was because we were conceding too many goals from set-pieces. "We have really improved our defending from set-pieces and wide free-kicks this season. Eric is a fantastic coach." READ MORE: Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology Fletcher raises a perfectly valid point; the Red Devils have proven far less leaky in set-piece scenarios this season than last. After 38 league games in 2020/21, United conceded 14 goals from set-pieces. Only Leeds shipped more (15). This term, since Ramsay's arrival, they have conceded just five in 27 games, the sixth-least in the top-flight. In 20/21, the rate of conceding from dead-ball scenarios was 0.37 per game, whilst in the current campaign, so far, it's reduced to 0.19. But the fact remains that United must improve when attacking set-pieces, with only Norwich City (2) scoring fewer such goals in the league this term. United's tally of three set-piece strikes is 12 fewer than metric leaders Liverpool, who have scored 15, helping them become the league's top goalscorers. However, Fletcher's home truths suggest Ramsay may have been treated a little more harshly than deserved at the club so far. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here