Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, is involved in a dispute over whether he can have police security in the UK when he visits from the US, where he lives with his wife, Meghan Markle, and their two children. The Duke has begun legal action against the Home Secretary over the issue, with Harry’s lawyers saying the UK “will always be his home” and he wants to be able to “come back to see family and friends and support the charities that are so close to his heart”. In a preliminary hearing last month Harry’s lawyer, Shaheed Fatima QC, said the Duke doesn’t currently feel safe visiting Britain under current arrangements. The Duke lost the usual taxpayer-funded security afforded to members of the Royal Family when he and his wife stepped down from their roles as working royals and moved to California in 2020. Harry has said he now wants to pay for police security himself, but Government lawyers said this offer was “irrelevant” to how officials make decisions over security for the royals. The Duke now awaits a judge’s decision over whether his claim will be heard in full. Meanwhile, reports claim Harry is very likely to visit the UK to attend the Service of Thanksgiving for Prince Philip, due to be held on March 29, regardless of the security arrangements he is afforded. READ MORE: Photographer lets slip what 'miserable' Sussexes are really like  The service will be held at Westminster Abbey, with the Queen expected to attend. It will pay tribute to the Queen’s late husband, who died aged 99 on April 9, 2021, and is expected to serve as a “commemoration” of the Duke of Edinburgh’s life. The Daily Mirror’s royal photographer, Ian Vogler, recently spoke about Harry’s potential return on an episode of the podcast, Pod Save The Queen. Mr Vogler said: “He’s got to come for [Prince Philip’s Memorial Service] surely. I think people looking to spot Harry, I think there’s going to be some sightings. I’m sure he’ll come for the memorial event.” So what do you think? Is Harry doing the right thing by coming home and paying his respects, despite the security issue? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. Results will be published on Sunday, check back here to see how fellow readers voted. 