In a set of bumper polls that ran from 7am on Friday, March 11, to 8am on Monday, March 14, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on Prince Andrew’s civil lawsuit payout, the Royal Family’s contribution to this, if Prince Andrew should be stripped of his title, the reputational damage caused and if the UK should abolish the monarchy. First Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think it's ok for the Royal Family to contribute to Andrew's payout with their private money?”, referring to Prince Andrew’s out-of-court settlement reported to be in the ballpark of £12million. The Duke of York is widely reported to have borrowed family money to help pay accuser Virginia Giuffre. Ms Giuffre had been suing the Duke of York, claiming he sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17. The case was resolved with an out-of-court settlement, though Prince Andrew accepted no liability and has always denied any wrongdoing. This question divided readers with 4,996 votes cast, a total of 51 percent (2,533) said “yes”, it’s ok if Andrew’s family helped him with their private money,  while 47 percent (2,373) voted “no” and a further two percent (90) saying they didn’t know.  Next, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the Royal Family be forced to declare where Prince Andrew's settlement cash is coming from?” Despite reports claiming no public money was used, there are calls for the Palace to confirm the source of the funding. On this topic, the majority of the 4,982 voters said “yes” with 58 percent (2,892) choosing this answer with a further 40 percent (1,979) opting for “no” and just two percent (111) saying they didn’t know. Express.co.uk readers were then asked: “Should Prince Andrew be stripped of his Duke of York title?” The Queen has already stripped her second son of his military affiliations and royal patronages in January and Andrew also lost the right to use the title His Royal Highness in an official capacity. Of the 4,980 votes cast in this question, the vast majority, 74 percent (3,690) said “yes” while 19 percent (951) said “no” and a further seven percent (339) said they didn’t know. Royal experts have said Prince Andrew’s reputation cannot be rebuilt despite reaching a settlement and Express.co.uk readers say the sexual assault lawsuit has damaged the reputation of the Royal Family. Readers were asked: “Has Prince Andrew's sexual assault lawsuit damaged the reputation of the Royal Family?” In total, 4,981 people voted, with 69.5 percent (3,458) saying “yes” with a further 25.5 percent (1,267) opting for “no” in addition to five percent (256) saying they didn’t know. All this culminated in the question: “Should the UK abolish the monarchy?” A total of 4,982 people voted and the results indicate continued support for the monarchy. Overall, the majority of voters answered “no”, the UK should not abolish the monarchy, with 73 percent (3,656) opting for this answer. A further 20 percent of voters (987) said “yes”, they support the abolition of the monarchy and seven percent (339) said they didn’t know. DON'T MISS:Royal fans erupt at Meghan and Harry dig 'No wonder they did not come!' [LIVE BLOG]Do you think Prince Harry is right not to attend Prince Philip’s memorial service? [POLL]Queen health update: Worrying reason why monarch missing Commonwealth Day service [LATEST] Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article, with readers sharing their views on Prince Andrew’s settlement. Username Heffalump said: “None of our business where the money came from if it was provided by his family.” And username diamond-jim wrote: “As long as it is demonstrably their own money, it is purely their own decision. In fact, it is none of our business.” Username Brian at home said: “As long as the taxpayer is not paying any of the money I don't mind where it comes from. “I do think it's time for Andrew to keep well and truly out of the public eye, or live abroad.” Meanwhile, others thought Prince Andrew needed to take more responsibility. Username L65 said: “He should be made to take responsibility and pay for his own misdeeds.” And username val@George wrote: “The Royal Family cannot be blamed for Andrew's disgraceful behaviour. “He is his own person, made his own decisions without a care for the damage he inflicted on his family, particularly his children. “He should now be kept out of the public eye, none of us need to be reminded of his dreadful behaviour.” Express.co.uk has reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment on the financing of Prince Andrew’s legal case.