Russia gave Ukrainians in Mariupol until 5am on Monday, March 21, to lay down their weapons and surrender, stating that civilians would be allowed to leave. However, the city declined to surrender, with Ukraine's Deputy Prime Minister Irina Vereshchuk stating: "There can be no talk of any surrenders, laying down of arms. We have already informed the Russian side about this."There are thought to be between 130,000- 300,000 civilians still left in the besieged city of Mariupol and supplies of food and water are running low. Residents have endured weeks of constant bombardment with no power or water supplies. Humanitarian aid has also been blocked from entering the city. Officials say that at least 2,300 people have died since the invasion began, with some people being buried in mass graves. Around 80 percent of Mariupol's infrastructure has been damaged or destroyed by shelling, authorities have said -at least 40 percent of which cannot be rebuilt.  It has been reported that some civilians are so hungry that they are killing stray dogs for food. Moreover, Mykola Osichenko, chief executive of Mariupol TV, said that without access to water, people in his house drained fluid from radiators and collected and melted snow to drink. Dmytro, a businessman who left the city on Tuesday, told the Financial Times about his trip to the central market last Sunday after it had been flattened by a Russian artillery attack. He said: "Everything was burning, there were corpses everywhere, and I was just walking through, picking up a cabbage here, a carrot there, knowing it meant my family would live another day or two. You become completely desensitised.” Russia stated that if Mariupol surrendered, it would have allowed humanitarian convoys with food, medicine and other supplies to enter the city safely.  DON'T MISS: Germany pays Ukraine-invading Russia £3.7 million per hour Public calls increase for NATO to ‘fight new Hitler' with no-fly zone Bradley Walsh pays tribute to pal after help with Ukrainian refugees However, Ukrainian MP Dmytro Gurin said that Russians "don't open humanitarian corridors". He said: "Russians don't open humanitarian corridors, they don't let humanitarian convoys enter the city and we clearly see now that the goal of the Russians is to start to [create] hunger [in the city] to enforce their position in the diplomatic process." Mr Gurin added that Mariupol will not surrender. He said: "If the city does not surrender, and the city will not surrender, they won't let people out. They won't let humanitarian convoys into the city." If Russia succeeds in capturing Mariupol, it will create a land corridor between the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, controlled by Russian-backed separatists and Crimea, which was annexed by Russia in 2014. 