Sadiq Khan attended the BandLab NME Awards 2022 ceremony that took place on Wednesday at the O2 Academy in Brixton. He was invited to present Best Solo Act From The UK, and shared the stage with rapper Ghetts, who quipped on him about congestion charge. The crowd booed the Mayor as soon as he got on stage, then heckled him as he talked. During his short appearance on stage, the Mayor of London referred to the pandemic saying to the audience: “Can I just say – after the awful two years we had, you look beautiful tonight!” To which Ghetts quipped: “That’s because of the congestion charge.” People yelled "boo" at Sadiq Khan at that point. The Mayor continued: “I’m trying to send a message to Boris Johnson: this is how you have a safe and lawful party.” Mr Khan was then photographed side to side with many artists and attendees at the ceremony. Speaking ato NME backstage, the Mayor repeated his attack to Boris Johnson by saying: “I know that many people here, including me and others here, have made the sacrifices our Prime Minister asked us to make. "The hypocrisy that he and his team appear to have broken the rules, frankly speaking – forgive the pun – it’s taking the piss.” Attendees took to Twitter to criticise the Mayor, who is Chair of the TfL, over the ongoing major strike of London tube workers. READ MORE: Sadiq Khan savaged over London Underground strike - 'Do nothing mayor'London Tube strike: London brought to a standstill as 10,000 strikeLondon Tube strike: Union blasted as walkout to cause commuter chaos @damcarradus said: “Nice to completely miss the mark and have @SadiqKhan at the @NME awards f****** around and trying to take the p*** out of Boris Johnson’s party at a party, when he could be sorting out the tube strike mess. “Instead people who have to work in the morning get screwed over by strike.” The London rapper Ghetts, speaking during backstage also criticised the Mayor over the hiking congestion charge. London tube strikes were a major point for Sadiq Khan before he got re-elected, as he was promising “zero days” of strikes. DON'T MISS: Khan humiliated after 'no strikes' pledge as tube staff walk out againMorning commute havoc with Met Office warning and Tube strike delaysTube strike latest: Cancellations in full - which lines are affected?