Russian imports account for roughly 15 percent of Europe’s diesel consumption, while crude oil from Russia is also processed by refineries on the continent. Already in countries like Germany, BP and Shell have reduced sales of diesel to wholesale customers. The UK relies on Russia for 18 percent of its diesel, however the Government has moved to stress they do not believe rationing will be necessary. But Russell Hardy, chief of Swiss oil trader Vitol, said: “The thing that everybody’s concerned about will be diesel supplies. That systemic shortfall of diesel is there.” READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ At a Treasury select committee in parliament last Monday, Dr Amrita Sen, director of research at Energy Aspects, told MPs that the rationing of diesel and gas could be on the horizon as a result of supply issues and growing instability in energy markets. She said: "I think diesel is where we fear rationing could come as soon as the end of this month in Germany. "And I think you could absolutely see repercussions of that in the UK as well. "The price of diesel last week was $180 already, and that’s why some of the rationing in some of the markets could come before even the headline oil price gets to those crazy levels." Mr Hardy meanwhile said the shift to more diesel consumption over petrol in Europe had created shortages of the fuel. He explained that refineries could boost their diesel output in response to higher prices to shore up supply, but acknowledged that rationing was a possibility. Jeremy Weir, chief executive of Singapore-based Trafigura, pointed towards the growing absence of Russian oil from the global market. He said: “The diesel market is extremely tight. It’s going to get tighter.” The shortages of supply and rocketing costs come as the Government tightens restrictions on the use of cheaper ‘red’ diesel from April 1. Rebated biofuels will no longer be authorised for use as they are currently. Drivers and organisations have called on the Government to delay the restrictions, fearing that some companies may go out of business due to the higher costs. Red diesel is diesel used mainly for off-road purposes, such as to power bulldozers and cranes used in the construction industry, or to power drills for oil extraction. It accounts for around 15 percent of all the diesel used in the UK and is responsible for the production of nearly 14 million tonnes of carbon dioxide a year. The diesel change was announced at the 2020 Budget, with the Government saying it would remove the entitlement to use red diesel and rebated biodiesel from most sectors. The tax changes will ensure that most users of red diesel use fuel taxed at the standard rate for diesel from April 2022. Industry leaders have pleaded with the Chancellor Rishi Sunak to defer the moves for a year. They feel firms need more time to change vehicles to meet the new standards amid the record cost of fuel.