Reviewers were given access to previews labelled as a "work in progress", which may differ from the final cut dropping on March 25 on Netflix Before going much further, it should be said this author is a self-confessed Bridgerton fan girl, however, the lacklustre storytelling is proving to be a major cause to reconsider. Season two takes its cue from Julia Quinn's second Bridgerton novel The Viscount Who Loved Me with Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) on the hunt for a wife - in a no-love-strings-attached marriage. Anthony's story was neatly set up at the end of season one with a bad breakup from opera singer Siena Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett), sending the viscount down this path. Enter the Sharmas, recently arrived from India for the season, with an air of mystery about them. Much like the novel, Anthony sets his sights on the younger Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) but her elder spinster sister Kate (Simone Ashley) proves a challenging obstacle after she discovers his intentions to form a prudent yet loveless match - something she will not allow her sibling to endure. Thus pretty much ends the similarities to the source text and it's all to the detriment of the show. Quinn's book is a magnificent, steamy enemies-to-lovers tale channelling Pride and Prejudice and unleashing Elizabeth Bennett and Mr Darcy's unspoken sexual tension. Rather season two is meandering and unnecessarily drawn out affair, lacking in strong story arcs and character development. Any nuance has been lost and there are moments when Bridgerton descends into melodramatic soap opera to leave even the most loyal fans cringing. READ MORE: Bridgerton’s Kate Sharma actress on 'scary' new role The uncalled for love triangle between Anthony and the Sharma sisters feels like drama simply for the sake of it rather than serving the story. This is only one instance where drama has been ramped up without any true purpose and feels empty as a consequence. Bailey and Ashley do an admirable job as the central couple but the promised searing chemistry doesn't quite translate, something which feels script-related rather than the pair's performance. Again, by the time Kate and Anthony's sparky chemistry finally hits its stride, it's too late. Bizarrely, Portia Featherington (Polly Walker) and Cousin Jack (Rupert Young) seem to have more chemistry during their scheming, stirring up more than just mischief. Those hoping for their thirst to be quenched will be equally disappointed with the lack of action. Have the writers of Bridgerton suddenly become prudish about the show's "Bonkerton" reputation? It would seem so with nary a tryst until a minute or so before the closing credits, unless Benedict Bridgerton's (Luke Thompson) blink-and-you'll-miss-it moment of passion counts. The Hastings honeymoon montage of season one is a cold, distant memory much like the Duke (Regé-Jean Page). Part of Bridgerton's appeal - and indeed distinguishing it from its contemporaries - is the sex, and by suddenly playing coy with viewers feels like a huge disservice. Bridgerton should be leaning wholeheartedly into being a bodice ripper. There's a reason why Quinn's novel series has been so popular. The cast can't be faulted when the material isn't up to scratch. Newcomer Chandran does well as Edwina as she wades through some clunky, painfully protracted scenes. Despite it all, she shows promise and is an actress hopefully we'll see much more of in the future. Nicola Coughlan gives a fine returning turn as Penelope Featherington; she slips so fabulously and effortlessly into the wallflower with a poison quill. Heavyweights Golda Rosheuvel, Adjoa Andoh and Ruth Gemmell are a joy to watch as Queen Charlotte, Lady Danbury and Violet Bridgerton respectively with their various tête-à-têtes and marriage mart machinations. Netflix has already confirmed this trio is getting their own series and if their scenes in season two are anything to go by, the audience is going to be getting something very special. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton's Anthony star details rules for sex scenes on Netflix [INSIGHT]'I tore my shoulder' Bridgerton star Simone Ashley details injury [INTERVIEW]Bridgerton season 2: Lady Whistledown downfall 'sealed' in trailer? [THEORY] The flashbacks to Edmund (Rupert Evans) and Anthony are perhaps the greatest piece of storytelling and a highlight of this series. They offer deep insight into Anthony's mindset as the layers are peeled back to great effect - if only this was the case for some of the other characters. The biggest element where season two has managed to surpass the first outing is its focus on creating a multi-cultural world. The Sharmas (the Sheffields in the novel) are a breath of fresh air. There's been considerable care and attention to detail in this respect with Kate and Edwina referring to one another as "Didi" (big sister) and "Bon" (little sister) in Bengali, a Hindu pre-wedding turmeric ceremony, and even a jab at English tea. There's also an instrumental version of a track from the phenomenally successful Bollywood movie Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham. As a member of the South Asian community and a Jane Austen die-hard since the age of 15, never in my lifetime could I have imagined seeing people who look like me in a period drama, which makes Bridgerton's dip in quality all the more bittersweet. This is one of the few times South Asians have led a period drama as love interests, but it all just falls flat. The Sharmas' backstory doesn't have quite on oomph it needs to pack a punch. Also, viewers only get glimpses of Shelley Conn's matriarch Mary Sharma and she comes across quite two-dimensional. Of course the heightened Regency drama remains a delectable visual treat with its glossy and vibrant costumes and jaunty instrumental renditions of pop songs from the likes of Madonna, Calvin Harris, Robyn and Harry Styles. The aesthetics can't be faulted whatsoever and far exceed their predecessor in elegance and beauty: Queen Charlotte's wigs are more extravagant, the Sharmas' gowns are gorgeous, and everyone looks even more attractive. While no expense has been spared on the look of the new series, it seems the producers scrimped on the writing. One can only hope season three will be a vast improvement. Bridgerton season 2 is streaming on Netflix now