Princess Anne, 71, returned to her royal duties this week with a visit to Watchfield Primary School in Swindon. The Princess Royal dropped in to chat with pupils and help them plant a cherry tree to honour her mother, the Queen. The planting was part of the monarch’s Green Canopy initiative to mark her 70 years on the throne. Her Majesty is the country’s longest-serving Sovereign, and her historic reign is celebrated this year with the Platinum Jubilee. Anne’s latest engagement in which she honoured her mother came after she emerged as the royal with the most official appearances in 2021. The Princess Royal carried out some 387 engagements last year, slightly more than the 385 carried out by her brother Charles, the heir to the throne. Today, the siblings are two of the Royal Family’s core members, relied upon by the Queen to represent the monarchy. However, Charles was once said to have given Anne’s first husband, Captain Mark Phillips, brutal nicknames. Experts claimed in a recent Channel 5 documentary that the Prince of Wales would poke fun at Mark after he and Anne tied the knot in 1973. JUST IN: 'She's shaking!' Camilla health fears as royal fans spot worrying sign in new speech Journalist Daisy McAndrew discussed Mark’s time in the Royal Family during the latest episode of ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’, which aired earlier this month. The expert said: “I don’t think he was terribly well suited to being a member of the Royal Family.” Historian Dr Tessa Dunlop claimed Charles would gently tease his brother-in-law. She said: “By all accounts he had a couple of rather unfortunate nicknames that Prince Charles gave him. “Because Charles didn't consider him, well, the sharpest knife in the box.” Daily Mirror columnist Susie Boniface claimed Charles would call Mark, ‘Fog’ She said: “He was described by Prince Charles as being thick but dim, and therefore nicknamed, ‘Fog’. Anne met her first husband on the equestrian circuit and the pair bonded over their shared love of horses. Both competed as athletes for Team GB at the Olympic Games in equestrian events. Anne took part in the three-day event at the 1976 Montreal Games, although she was not among the medals. DON'T MISS: 'Sitting by their pool' Harry & Meghan savaged for new political move [LATEST]Prince Harry’s ‘unfortunate remark’ went down ‘like lead balloon’ with Markles [INSIGHT]Do YOU think it's OK for Royal Family to contribute to Andrew's payout with private money? [ANALYSIS] Mark won a team gold medal at the 1972 Games in Munich and a team silver at the 1988 Games in Seoul. Hundreds of millions of people watched as Anne – the first of the Queen’s children to marry – appeared with Mark on the balcony of Buckingham Palace after they tied the knot in 1973. Journalist Emily Andrews discussed the couple’s bond in the documentary. She said: “They met while both competing at the Olympics. “So, it was a real love affair founded on horses.” After almost 20 years of marriage, Anne and Mark divorced in 1992, the year she married her current husband, Sir Timothy Laurence. ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.