Conor McGregor has thrown his hat into the ring to purchase Chelsea from Roman Abramovich - after the UFC superstar claimed that he'd stump up half of the £3billion asking price that the Russian oligarch has slapped on the reigning European champions. Chelsea have amassed a string of trophies and accolades since Abramovich purchased the club in a £140million deal back in 2003. However, speculation had been rife over Abramovich's future at the club in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. And the 55-year-old confirmed that he was bringing the curtain down on his 19-year tenure in a statement released on Wednesday night. Since his announcement, a whole clutch of names have been credited with an interest in snapping up the Blues. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell Now, McGregor has seemingly confirmed his intention to pursue a deal for the club with a tongue-in-cheek social media post. Responding to an article outlining that Abramovich had set his demands for the club at £3bn, the Irishman tweeted: "I hereby put forward my offer of £1.5bn." McGregor had already hinted at his interest in buying the club with a tweet on Wednesday, where he tweeted the club's official account with an image of him messaging an associate saying: "Chelsea for sale £3bn. Let's buy it." Despite claiming that he had a net worth of up to $700m, McGregor was estimated to have a net worth of around £135m last year. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration If McGregor does firm up his interest with an official bid, he's likely to face stiff competition for the Blues. It's been reported that Abramovich has already fielded serious bids for the club that are much closer to his £3bn valuation. Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss revealed earlier in the week that he'd been approached with a view to purchasing the club and has already confirmed his intention to lodge a bid. It's anticipated that he'll team up with American business mogul Todd Boehly to form a consortium in a bid to take over the club. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ Boehly has a long-held interest in Chelsea and failed in a previous bid to persuade Abramovich to sell the club back in 2019. Abramovich has already vowed that he will not rush a sale through, although Premier League CEO Richard Masters suggested earlier this week that a deal for the club could be concluded in around '10 days'. The Blues chief has also confirmed that he will not be seeking the repayment of any outstanding loans; believed to be in the region of £1.5bn. He's also vowed to set up a new charitable foundation so that he can donate the 'net proceeds' of sale to victims of the ongoing war in Ukraine.