Putin’s invasion of Ukraine continues to rage on, with Russian missiles having struck an aircraft repair plant in the western city of Lviv yesterday morning. The building, which is situated next to Ukraine’s second-largest airport, has been destroyed, but no one was hurt, according to Lviv mayor Andriy Sadovy.  Meanwhile, 130 people have so far been rescued from the rubble, after Russian troops bombed a theatre that was reportedly sheltering over 1000 Ukranian civilians, including children. A number of western politicians including US President Joe Biden, and UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss have branded Putin a “war criminal” over his ruthless invasion of Ukraine. The West have also inflicted severe sanctions against Russia, which were described as “economic blitzkrieg” by Putin. The Russian president has had a tense relationship with the West ever since he rose to power in 1999, but relations worsened when Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula in 2014. London in particular has had a poor relationship with Moscow after the 2018 attempted assasination of former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal in Salisbury. Read More: BBC Question Time audience member blasts Tory MP over refugee policy The UK believed Russia was behind the novichok poisoning of Mr Skripal and his daughter Yulia. Scotland Yard also claimed there was sufficient evidence to charge Russian citizens Alexander Petrov and Ruslan Bishirov for attempted murder. However, in 2019, Putin gave an interview to the Financial Times in which he expressed his desire to “restore” Russia’s relationship with the UK. Putin told the publication: “I think Russia and the UK are both interested in fully restoring our relations, at least I hope a few preliminary steps will be made.”  Interpreting the Russian President’s comments, Ms Applebaum claimed that Putin saw the UK as his “next big state project”. Speaking to BBC Radio 4 in 2019, the Pulitzer Prize-winning historian said: “In this interview there was a clear outreach to the UK at this point when Britain seemed to be on its way out of Europe.” Ms Applebaum, who was speaking during the Tory leadership race, added: “We have two potential leaders of Britain ‒ Boris Johnson [assuming he wins the leadership] and Jeremy Corbyn ‒ who Putin could well see as allies against Europe in a new geopolitical alignment. “He will be making that offer. He is focusing his next big state project on the UK.” Don't Miss:Ukraine could pay 'enormous price' in peace negotiations[ANALYSIS]‘Don’t know if loved ones are alive’ Ukraine MP on horror in Kyiv[INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin warned over 'deeply foolish' step in Ukraine[OPINION] She added that Putin wanted to see the UK leave the EU as the bloc's liberal values stood in opposition to the Kremlin. She said: “He would like to see Britain outside of Europe. “He would like to have Britain in alliance against Europe, because the EU’s values of free speech and liberalism are seen as real threats to his form of power.” Of course, since Russia invaded Ukraine, Putin’s tensions with the UK have spilled over. What do you think? Join the debate in the commments. This week, Liz Truss accused Russia of “playing a smoke and mirrors game” by using peace negotiations with Ukraine to buy time and replenish their underperforming army. She told BBC Radio 4: “It’s very, very difficult for the Ukranians to negotiate with a gun against their heads. “I am very, very concerned that Putin is playing a smoke-and-mirrors game of trying to claim that he is seeking peace whilst at the same time continuing with this appalling war that he instigated. “And he’s not making the progress that he thought he would.” The UK Foreign Secretary called the invasion of Ukraine a “serious threat to global order” and warned that the Kremlin could extend its attention to other Eastern European countries in a bid to “recreate the Soviet Union”. Earlier this month, Prime Minister Boris Johnson accused Putin of committing war crimes in Ukraine. At Prime Minister’s Questions, Mr Johnson insisted that the bombing of innocent civilians “already fully qyalifies as a war crime.”