Former Premier League winner Chris Sutton claimed Roy Keane was 'too kind' in his assessment of Manchester United's painful derby defeat at the Etihad on Sunday, reeling off a host of players who should make way, including Cristiano Ronaldo. Manchester City's resounding 4-1 triumph highlighted the need for a drastic rebuild in the summer, when interim boss Ralf Rangnick is poised to make way for a longer-term solution. United drew praise at the break for pushing City hard in the first half, even though Kevin De Bruyne's second goal restored the lead after Jadon Sancho's equaliser. It was one-way traffic in the second half as Riyad Mahrez struck twice, firstly with a sensational volley, before a stoppage-time finish put a gloss on the scoreline for the hosts. United hero Keane launched into a trademark rant after the final whistle, as his former side were accused of 'throwing in the towel' after going two goals down. While Keane said 'five or six' should never play for the club again, former Premier League Golden Boot winner Sutton took an even more drastic view. JUST IN: Jamie Carragher sticks the boot in as he savages Frank Lampard's Everton defence "I might be the first person to ever utter these words but here goes: Roy Keane was kind," Sutton wrote in The Daily Mail. "He said 'five or six' should never play for Manchester United again. I'd say that's modest. "United fans want to see their team competing for the Premier League and Champions League. "If we're basing our decisions on who's good enough to make them an elite club again, then we could hit double figures in terms of who gets binned. Their performance at the Etihad was embarrassing." READ MORE: Rangnick's view on squad could still save Man Utd from £100m signing Ronaldo is perhaps the most eye-catching victim of Sutton's hypothetical axe, and the Portuguese pulled out of the derby with a hip injury that Keane expressed doubt over. His summer move from Juventus was met with jubilation by fans, although at 37-years-old, what remains in the tank has been called into question this campaign. For Sutton, all of United's back four on Sunday should be given their marching orders, with Alex Telles, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Aaron Wan-Bissaka making up the unlucky quartet. Maguire and Wan-Bissaka had particularly miserable afternoons, as City ran riot and demonstrated the gulf in class between the sides. While Scott McTominay was shown mercy by Sutton, Fred and Paul Pogba are both deemed expendable as a daunting rebuild looms. The Brazilian has improved noticeably under Rangnick, while Pogba seems to be running down his contract at Old Trafford and is expected to leave for free in the summer. In attack, Sutton believes that Marcus Rashford, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani should all join Ronaldo in the mass exodus which could soon take hold at United. It was reported on Monday that Rashford was increasingly keen to leave of his own accord, and while Lingard and Cavani are both believed to be eyeing up summer exit routes too, it remains to be seen how the Red Devils will deal with Ronaldo. Top-four qualification is believed to be key in keeping him in the north west, if they still want that option by the summer, although their European bid has hit a decidedly rocky patch while their rivals make progress.