Amanda Lamb, 49, discussed her tough divorce from her first husband, Mike Carter, and how the relationship breakdown led to her meeting her current husband. The TV presenter previously admitted that her divorce cost her a dream home in Cornwall. She told the Telegraph in 2013: "I got divorced nearly 10 years ago and that really took a chunk out." Amanda added: "Put it this way, without that divorce, I would already have that house in Cornwall." During the candid chat, Amanda confessed that it took her a long time to get over the split. She said: "It was a pretty difficult time and emotionally and financially, it took a good two or three years to recover from it." The former couple was married for five years before their divorce in 2003. However, after the separation from Mike, Amanda unexpectedly met A Place In The Sun camera man, Sean McGuinness. The pair tied the knot in 2012 and went on to have two children together, Willow and Lottie. Speaking to Yours magazine back in 2017, Amanda said: “After my first marriage ended in divorce it took a good two or three years to recover from it. “I didn’t think I would ever meet anyone else but just when I was least expecting it, I met my husband Sean, in 2006. "We’ve been married now for five years. He is such a wonderful husband and father and I am a very lucky girl.” The TV star also opened up on how suffering a miscarriage helped her appreciate motherhood. She said: “I have also suffered a miscarriage. It was devastating but I went onto have my two beautiful children (daughters Willow, 11, and Lottie, seven). DON'T MISS'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [LATEST]Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT]Alex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White [NEWS] “So that loss made me really appreciate being a mother.” Amanda even took time off work to concentrate on her parenting duties when her oldest daughter was born. She explained that presenting A Place in The Sun was her “best job ever” but she wanted to focus on being a mum. Amanda recounted: “Once I had my first daughter Willow in 2009, I gave up my job on A Place in The Sun. “I was pregnant when I was filming the Australian series and that decided it for me. “Lots of presenters who work on the show travel with their babies and I am in awe of them. “I had eight years of travelling the world with the series and although it was the best job ever, my focus and my priority shifted a lot when I became a mum." Amanda presented the Channel 4 lifestyle series from 2001 until 2006.