Mercedes have accepted that they have plenty of work to do before challenging for race wins on a regular basis with Toto Wolff admitting there are several issues to sort out, but Ross Brawn believes the reigning constructors' champions will be up there this season. Mercedes have gotten used to being serial challengers at the front of the grid for the past nine years. And they were once again favourites to be up towards the top step of the podium coming into this season. But several issues arose from pre-season testing which saw them fall behind Ferrari and Red Bull. Their bold sidepod design on the W13 was heralded by many, but on-track performance is yet to match the promising results from the wind tunnel. Heading into Bahrain, both Lewis Hamilton and George Russell had accepted the fact they wouldn't be able to match the pace of the Ferraris and Red Bull. And, despite a promising start to the race on Sunday, their lack of pace was evident with the two Mercedes drivers far adrift in fifth and sixth during the Grand Prix. Mechanical issues for both Red Bull cars in a dramatic finish to the race saw Hamilton and Russell bumped up to third and fourth respectively. JUST IN: Leclerc and Ferrari have 'problem' that Hamilton thinks is good for F1  But Toto Wolff has warned his two drivers not to expect any quick fixes on the W13 to bump them up the order. He said: "If we look at the pecking order today, it seems a very long shot even to think about being in contention for the drivers' or constructors' championships. We probably scored the maximum points we could have on Sunday, and we need to take it from there. Every weekend counts." However, F1 managing director Brawn is confident that Mercedes will be up there sooner rather than later. DON'T MISS  "At the front, we have three strong teams," Brawn said. "They [Ferrari] aren't far ahead and I am sure Red Bull will find a few tenths and Mercedes will sort themselves out." Brawn went on to praise the changes made for the 2022 season with small signs in Bahrain that cars would be able to follow more closely than previous designs. "The old cars were horrible [and] we've been able to make that step," he added. "I think we've shown that the race-ability of the car has to be a strong consideration going forward – it's not just one solution and then we stop. "We need to keep this process up. We need to keep working at understanding how we can make great racing cars, and then continue the development in that direction. Obviously, with new regulations, it looks to me as if two or three teams have not got it right, but it wasn't that bad."