 From May 31, diesel cars registered before September 2015 and petrol cars registered before January 2006 will be prohibited from driving within the Edinburgh city centre boundary. But some organisations want the zone to be extended to the whole city, not just the centre of the Scottish capital.  The scheme was approved by councillors in January, with the hope that it will help drive down pollution in central Edinburgh. Drivers who enter the zone unlawfully will be identified using Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras and will be issued with a fine. This will also include HGVs and buses that do not fall into the Euro 6 emissions standards category. This technology has already been seen in London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone and Clean Air Zones in Birmingham, Bath and Portsmouth. READ MORE: US lawmakers say cars no longer need human driver input  The zone will not take place until 2024, after council leaders agreed to a two year “grace period”. The Edinburgh Association of Community Councils (EACC) said there is “no support for the City Council’s proposed LEZ”, according to Edinburgh News. This is because the plan excludes suburban communities, which are often the areas with the highest level of emissions. The EACC, which represents the views of 44 such groups across the city, supports the creation of a LEZ and said its members unanimously agree that a city wide boundary is favoured by residents of the city. DON'T MISSUK drivers risk huge £1,000 fine for simple car headlight mistake [WARNING]Drivers urged to check their number plate to avoid fine [INSIGHT]New diesel change is 'smoke and mirrors' as expert slams 'tax on tax' [SHOCKING]  In a statement, the EACC said the modelling of the scheme’s success was “educated guessing”. It added: “The strength of opposition to the current proposals was articulated by both city centre and suburban community councils. “Assumptions are being made which are extremely optimistic and unlikely to have any relation to reality. “The streets in these communities have had the highest level of emissions with the consequent detrimental effect on public health.  “Perversely it is the residents in these communities which will see no benefit from the proposed Edinburgh LEZ.” The Scottish Government is introducing LEZs across Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow, as it hopes they will be launched in 2022. All non-compliant vehicles will be hit with a £60 charge for driving in the zone, which is reduced by 50 percent if it is paid within 14 days. The penalty amount doubles with each subsequent breach of the rules detected in the same LEZ.  Penalty charges are capped at £480 for cars and light goods vehicles and £960 for minibuses, buses, coaches and HGVs. Some exemptions include vehicles for people with disabilities and emergency service vehicles. Classic or historic vehicles will also be exempt from requirements, provided they are over 30 years old, no longer in production and preserved in the original state. Further grace periods will be granted for commercial fleet operators and private vehicle owners to give them time to prepare before the enforcement stage commences.