Manchester United icon Roy Keane called out Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Anthony Elanga for being "too casual" in their defending for Manchester City's second goal in their 4-1 derby defeat at the Etihad on Sunday. In the absence of the injured Cristiano Ronaldo, United deployed what was effectively a 4-4-2 formation with Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba up front and Elanga and Jadon Sancho out wide. In the first half they attacked well but Ralf Rangnick's side struggled defensively against the reigning champions. Kevin De Bruyne put City 1-0 up after just five minutes as he walked onto Bernardo Silva's low cross to side-foot past David de Gea. The visitors responded well and equalised on the counter-attack through Jadon Sancho, once of City's academy, as the winger curled in from 20 yards. MUST READ: Man Utd players ‘angry’ after Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash De Bruyne restored the advantage for the league leaders just six minutes later, however, after Elanga gave the ball away in United's own half. Jack Grealish headed down the loose ball, with Wan-Bissaka failing to challenge him in the air, and Phil Foden nipped in to take the ball away from Victor Lindelof and break into the box. Foden's quick feet saw him force a save from De Gea before Silva's follow-up shot eventually deflected to De Bruyne to restore City's advantage. And former United captain Keane was not at all impressed with his old side's defending and picked out Wan-Bissaka and Elanga in particular for criticism. Speaking at half-time on Sky Sports' Super Sunday, Keane said: "It's sloppy, too casual at the back. "Wan-Bissaka not going to win the header, Elanga too casual. It's frustrating because United have done some decent stuff. "But the concentration and intensity for the two goals has not been good enough. The two goals they've given away - nowhere near good enough." And former Liverpool skipper Jamie Redknapp pointed the finger at Victor Lindelof for his role in De Bruyne's second goal. He said: "It's Victor Lindelof, you can see him there he's one of the centre-backs, he goes to try and win the ball, he comes out. "He's the right-sided centre-back and he doesn't win it. Then watch his reaction - De Bruyne runs past him. He's walking. "You can throw Fred into the equation. If he'd have jogged back in or sprinted back in, he'd have stopped that. That just sums up Manchester United's defending." City were vastly superior after the break and made it 3-1 on 69 minutes through Riyad Mahrez, who was beautifully picked out at the edge of the box by De Bruyne from a corner. Mahrez then netted a late fourth which was initially ruled out before being given after a lengthy VAR check. Pep Guardiola's side, seeking a fourth title in the past five years, are now six points clear of Liverpool at the top of the table having played one game more than the Reds. United are fifth and one point behind Arsenal, who they face at the Emirates in April, in fourth but have played 28 matches compared to the Gunners' 25. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here