Channel 5's All Creatures Great and Small is keeping fans waiting for the next instalment, with season two finishing with a 2021 Christmas special. The show has already been picked up for a fourth season, but not much is known about the Yorkshire show's next outing. Actor Callum Woodhouse has played Tristan Farnon in 13 of the 14 episodes so far and hopes to continue doing so for many years to come. The Channel 5 series follows young vet James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) who goes to work at Siegfried Farnon's (Samuel West) practice. Tristan (Callum Woodhouse) is Siegfried's younger brother and the two have a playful but antagonistic relationship. With no real details about the third season, Callum revealed the cast know very little: "We honestly don't really know. "In a way I like that and in a way I don't. It is quite nice seeing it. Read More: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star?  "I mean, we have a general idea. I imagine there's still going to be some animals that need taking care of." Joining several cast members and showrunner Ben Vanstone on the PBS Masterpiece podcast, he did reminisce on the past two seasons. He added: "I think we've all spoken to Ben [Vanstone] about what we'd like to see a little bit of, not necessarily giving storylines for an entire episode. "My only thing was I'd love more scenes in the Drovers. We do miss the pub." The Drovers Arms is a fictional inn in the Yorkshire Dales. As reported by the Yorkshire Post, two pubs were used to create The Drovers Arms. Exterior scenes were shot outside The Devonshire in Grassington, and interior filming took place at The Green Dragon Inn at Hardraw. The show's next instalment moves the story until 1939, the beginning of World War Two. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? [LATEST]How to watch Yellowstone for free in the UK [LATEST] On what to expect, he described: "Well, our first series was 1937, our second was 1938, and this is going to be at the beginning of 1939. So there is a war coming. "But I think as Ben spoke about the other day in our meeting, the war will happen through the prism of Darrowby, through the prism of the Dales and the animals. "And although veterinarians are a reserved occupation, so none of us necessarily have to sign up to fight, in real life, Donald Sinclair [the person Siegfried is based on] tried to join the air force by lying about his age. I think he said he was 43 and he was actually 47, and they found out. The actor also said he had high hopes for his on-screen brotherly bond to grow and the pair to become closer.   "I hope Tristan and Siegfried can continue to find what it was they had before this terrible thing, Siegfried having to act as his father, happened in their lives," the 28-year-old said. "I hope they can just continue to connect. "I think we're maybe building up to a hug, but that might not be until Season 13!" All Creatures Great and Small Series 1 and 2 are available to stream on My5.