Josh Warrington will bid to become a two-time featherweight world champion tonight when he rematches Kiko Martinez at the First Direct Arena in Leeds. The pair first collided way back in February 2017 when the Leeds warrior successfully edged the Spaniard by majority decision after 12 rounds of action. A lot has happened since then, particularly in Warrington's rollercoaster career that has faced several hurdles in recent times. After deciding to vacate his IBF featherweight world title in pursuit of the big fights in Las Vegas, the 31-year-old was rocked by a major upset. Mexican underdog Mauricio Lara brutally stopped Warrington in early 2020 when he knocked him out at the Wembley Arena behind closed doors. His shot at revenge was then wiped from beneath his feet when an accidental head clash saw the rematch waved off after just a few rounds last September. Meanwhile, in a year full of upsets, seasoned veteran Martinez enjoyed his moment in the limelight when he successfully dethroned IBF champ Kid Galahad in Sheffield last November. Now Warrington is looking to win back his old red strap on his road to redemption.  READ MORE: Anthony Joshua to rematch Oleksandr Usyk this summer as champion leaves Ukraine for camp There is plenty of other boxing to get stuck into, both on the stacked Matchroom card and elsewhere. BOXXER also have a show at the Wembley Arena, headlined by Richard Riakporhe against Deion Jumah. After a long battle with injury, the British cruiserweight contender has worked his way up the WBC rankings. With Canelo Alvarez potentially in line to move up to fight champion Ilunga Makabu later in the year, Riakporhe could find himself in contention for some big fights. Welshman Lee Selby has also travelled to Argentina for an IBF lightweight world title eliminator against Gustavo Lemos. Express Sport brings you all the important details ahead of what promises to be an action-packed evening... Leeds Josh Warrington vs Kiko Martinez –IBF featherweight title Maxi Hughes vs Ryan Walsh – IBO lightweight title Maria Cecillia Roman vs Ebanie Bridges – IBF bantamweight title Dalton Smith vs Ray Moylette Calum French vs Angelo Turco Skye Nicolson vs TBC Cory O’Regan vs Jakub Laskowski Mali Wright vs Luis Palmer London Richard Riakporhe vs Deion Jumah Louis Greene vs Harry Scarff – vacant BBBofC English welterweight title Caroline Dubois vs Martina Horgasz Shannon Ryan vs Claudia Ferenczi Dan Azeez vs Matthew Tinker – BBBoC light-heavyweight title Adam Azim vs Connor Marsden Joe Pigford vs David Ezequiel Romero Zak Chelli vs TBA Hassan Azim vs Yoncho Markov Jeamie Tshikeva vs Alvaro Terrero Jimmy Lee vs Jose Hernandez Chris Kongo vs Kelvin Dotel Argentina Gustavo Lemos vs Lee Selby Warrington versus Martinez will be shown live on DAZN around the world. If you are yet to subscribe, it will cost you £7.99 a month. The main event is due to get underway around 10:30pm. In London, the BOXXER show will be broadcast live on Sky Sports Action from 7pm with the main event due to start around 10pm. If you want to support Selby in his challenge in South America, the bout will be shown around 8pm on Premier Sport as part of their subscription service.