Mr Hebblethwaite faced a barrage of highly anticipated questions during the committee meeting. The P&O CEO revealed earning nearly 300k a month, which does not include performance-related bonuses, which he admitted to having access to two of. Mr Hebblethwate described the bonuses as a short time incentive plan and a long-term incentive plan. The P&O CEO tried to dodge questions to the best of his ability, stating that he was just trying to save his business and trying to get 800 seafarers new jobs.   A member of the Transport Committee asked: "What's your salary, Mr Hebblethwaite?" Mr Hebblethwaite said: "My salary is 300... Basic salary of £325,000." The MP added: "Do you have access to a performance-related bonus?" Mr Hebblethwaite said: "I have access to two performance-related bonuses, a short-term incentive plan, and a long-term incentive plan." JUST IN: 'Spot the ludicrous mistake!' Angela Rayner ridiculed over Russia nuclear weapons claim     The MP added: "Have you decreased the value of P&O Ferries by your actions?" Mr Hebblethwaite said: "I think that P&O was otherwise going to close, and didn't have a future." The MP said: "So if you're employers are, might I suggest mad enough to offer you a performance-related bonus, will you accept it, or reject it?" Mr Hebblethwaite said: "I can't tell you how far that is from my point." READ MORE: Ireland Brexit fury: Sinn Fein chief orders Taoiseach to urgently confront Boris in EU row     The MP said: "It's a point of principle, will you accept it or reject it?" Mr Hebblethwaite added: "I don't know the answer to that if we manage to save the company." The MP said: "Well it's a decision for you if I'm offering you a performance-related bonus and you've just sacked 800 people, will you as a point of principle say, I'm not going to take that?" Mr Hebblethwaite admitted: "I don't know the answer to that, I've got to be honest... I'm not focused on that, I'm focused on saving the business and getting the 800 seafarers new jobs." DON’T MISS: Lord Frost loses it with Ireland as he explodes at Simon Coveney in Brexit outrageRussian unit 'torn apart' by Ukrainian troops as devastated survivor details horror attackOil price surge: Rishi Sunak's 5p fuel duty cut 'cancelled out' by pump rise - 'Let down!' Due to the shock mass sacking which took place last week via a Zoom call, ex-workers of P&O and those supporting their cause took to the port of Hull to protest. Labour party politicians such as Deputy Leader Angela Rayner and Ed Miliband, came along to denounce Hebblethwaites actions. Ms Rayner said: "The Government could have done something about this some time ago and chose not to." “We’ve got a Government that thinks getting rid of hard-working staff and employing agency workers on temporary contracts at £1.80 an hour is acceptable. “I know comrades, you’re going to win this fight.” 