New advice has been issued around Japanese knotweed, which can affect the value of homes in the UK. A new report from the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) has said: “It is acknowledged that currently the presence of Japanese knotweed may be a significant impediment to the sale and purchase of a property, and it can affect both value and saleability.” It added that “it is often the mere presence of Japanese knotweed that is regarded as a problem, while any damaging effects are secondary”. However, homeowners are being urged not to ignore the presence of the invasive weed by the Property Care Association (PCA), who has shared a guide to understanding the latest guidance around knotweed. Dr Peter Fitzsimons, head of technical (invasive weeds) at PCA, said: “Our guide for homeowners answers the basic questions about the new guidance in the simplest terms and is designed to give homeowners an informed overview of how the changes may affect the value, sale or purchase of a home. “Despite the fact there are tried and trusted pathways to manage and control Japanese knotweed, all too often we encounter situations where homeowners are portrayed as living ‘under siege’ with the plant. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘super easy’ method to clean skirting boards “We’ve always maintained the position that this plant is not a destroyer of buildings and that it should just be regarded as any other type of property issue. “But, as with other issues, a management plan should be based on a professional survey.” Homeowners with concerns can access the guide and wealth of information online including on the PCA’s website. It comes after the first Japanese knotweed shoots to emerge in 2022 have reportedly been spotted in Devon. DON'T MISS:‘Ideal’ method for keeping slugs and snails at bay this spring [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ method to remove shower limescale [COMMENT]Flowers to ‘plant now’ for ‘vibrant’ summer blooms [EXPLAINER] Environet’s Regional Director for the South West, Emily Grant, has warned homeowners in the region to look out for shoots. She said: “Homeowners across Devon and Cornwall should be vigilant for the distinctive red or purple spear-like shoots emerging in their gardens or near their homes over the next few weeks.” It is thought the warmer climate in the South West helps the invasive weed grow. Emily recommended professional treatment to treat Japanese knotweed as it may prevent damage to property. Gena Lorraine, gardening expert for Fantastic Services, explained: “Japanese knotweed grows extremely fast, up to 10cm a day, and because of its fast growth, it’s able to damage building substructures and structures. “Japanese knotweed targets the weak points of the given structure and attempts to grow through them. “The most common damages are: damage to building foundations, damage to retaining wall structures, reduction in property values and damage to paving.” While the invasive weed may need professional care, the expert shared methods to try and kill it at home. Gena said: “The best way to remove Japanese knotweed is applying a glyphosate-based weedkiller. “However, beware that it may take a few applications, up to four seasons, to fully eliminate Japanese knotweed. “For best results, apply it to cut canes so the chemical can easily make its way to the plant and roots. “Make sure to follow the instructions of the chemical’s manufacturer in order to effectively control the knotweed, while minimising the risk to yourself, wildlife and pets. “Japanese knotweed treated with a glyphosate-based weedkiller will often grow back in the following spring, but the plant itself will be much weaker.” Britons can apply the chemical several times until the knotweed is completely gone. According to the expert, an alternative way to remove the weed is to remove all the plant’s leaves as soon as they grow out. This will stop the plant photosynthesising. Gena added: “Although, please do keep in mind that this method can take years to have an effect, you will need to check the plant on a weekly basis and remove new leaf buds as soon as you see them.”