Aled Jones, 51, has explained that Emilia Jones, his BAFTA-nominated daughter, has become "too busy" for him following her success after the release of the film Coda. The star appeared on ITV’s Good Morning Britain last month to discuss his own projects, before talk turned to his 19-year-old daughter. In the film Coda, the actress plays Ruby Rossi, the only member of a deaf family who is able to hear, and discovers that she has a passion for singing. The star is now up for a BAFTA for leading actress alongside Lady Gaga, Joanna Scanlan and Tessa Thompson. Aled told Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard that he has enjoyed watching Emilia’s career progression “from the background.” He added that he’s glad she’s found what she loves and said “long may it last". READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint Aled then went on to say that he doesn’t give her much advice, as daughters rarely listen to their dads. He said: “The fact that she loves what she’s doing and she’s great at it, so long may it last.” ITV host Kate asked if he’s offered her any words of wisdom on dealing with fame and he replied: “When do daughters ever listen to their dads? Come on! I don’t give her advice.” He continued: “She’s so level-headed. She loves acting and being on set.” Ben Shephard then asked the singer if he thought he and Emilia would ever be able to work with each other. Aled responded saying she’s too busy to work for him. Ben said: “You must have such immense pride as a father to be able to talk to her about her achievements. “Do you ever wonder if you could do something together?” DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] The 51-year-old then quipped: “She’s too busy to work for me. She’s like, 'no, forget it.' "She’s more into pop music than my scene. She’s in LA! I can’t afford her!” Speaking to PA Media, Emilia addressed her nomination: “I’m just so grateful that people loved Coda because I did work so hard. “I was 17 when we shot so I had a big, big workload for 17, so it's nice, people are being so lovely." Speaking about what skills she had to pick up for the film, undoubtedly, sign language was the foremost, but she also had to learn to sing and fish. The actress said: “I trained for nine months with American Sign Language and had singing lessons too because I loved singing, but I'd never had a singing lesson before. “I also had to learn how to fish, so I'd wake up at 3am every morning for two weeks and we'd go out three miles at sea and catch fish for hours and hours, and the Massachusetts accent, I had to learn that too.”