Everyone has a favourite colour, but things can get more interesting if you know your lucky colour according to the zodiac. Each star sign is ruled by a different planet which means that all the zodiac signs have different favourable and unfavourable colours. According to astrologers, colours carry energy and some bring better fortune than others. They can also enhance confidence, calm restless energy, empower strength, and so much more. “Calming blue helps encourage Aquarius’ brilliant ideas and balance its restless energy,” astrologers suggest. “Just like the sky and the waters Aquarius is so closely connected to, blue represents vastness and creates a smooth flow of ideas, conversation, and experimentation.” Aquarius’ ruling planet - Uranus - is also blue. “Pale green brings about healing and renewal,” for Pisces, it also “connects” the star sign “with its subconscious”. “As the colour of life, light green represents renewal and inspiration, encouraging the healing and rejuvenating energies that Pisces is known for.” READ MORE: Horoscopes: How to style your home - colour for each personality Experts say: “The colour red stirs Aries’ soul and enhances passion, energy, and initiative. “It’s the colour of excitement and assertion, which supports Aries’ active nature and eagerness for life. “Red demands attention and Aries is a sign that doesn’t like to be ignored.” Aries’ ruling planet is Mars, which is also known as ‘The Red Planet’. Experts added: “The more shades of red Aries surrounds itself with, the greater their natural powers can be.” Experts explain: “Fresh green nurtures Taurus’ spirit and reinforces its connection to nature and growth. “Just like the lush pastures the Bull resides in, green represents growth, and Taurus is a sign of absolute progress. “The return of green in the springtime - Taurus’ season - further enhances its connection to this sign.” DON'T MISS...London house prices overvalued by 50% - homeowners warned [EXPERT]Kate Middleton ‘flirts’ with William in Caribbean - 'On a mission' [VIDEO]Superyacht worth £418m set to become widest boat in the world [NEWS] “Inspiring yellow lifts Gemini’s spirit and triggers curiosity and brilliant thoughts,” they added. “This inspiring and life-giving colour shines through in Gemini’s exciting, upbeat nature. “Mimicking the warm Sun, yellow lightens and brightens everything around it.” Yellow is said to be the “colour of the mind” thus “enhancing Gemini’s mental powers and focus”. “Bright white and silver connect Cancer with its intuition and provide a clean, clear slate,” experts reveal. “Like the glistening surface of water or the shining face of the Moon, silver and white are colours of intuition and purity. “They increase Cancer’s sensitivity and understanding, allowing love to flow at its deepest level.” “Glistening gold empowers Leo’s warm heart and strengthens its positive spirit,” they said. “Shining with royalty and class, gold has always been a symbol of power and prestige. “So it’s no wonder Leo - the King of the Jungle - is stirred by this expressive hue.” Gold apparently “gives Leo the attention it wants” whilst also supporting “its generous nature and warm, optimistic outlook on life”. Green and brown are “classic” and “natural” colours to “keep Virgo grounded and focused on continuous growth”. Experts explain: “Brown represents stability, and supports the careful and methodical approach the Virgin takes to life. “In nature green is the colour of growth, and strengthens Virgo’s lifelong plight toward self-improvement.” “Airy pink and light blue help to open Libra’s heart and soften its presence,” astrologers say. “These pale hues bring a calming and likeable presence to Libra’s personality. “Symbolising a cool, subtle breeze, light blue increases clarity and balance, while pink invokes Libra’s sweet and loving nature.” Black is said to be a “dark and mysterious” colour that “keeps Scorpio intensely inquisitive and focused on transformation”. “Black represents the depths where the Scorpion resides and strengthens its drive to look below the surface and question everything. “In western culture the colour black is associated with death and rebirth, enhancing Scorpio’s strength of letting go and its ability to transform itself.” “As the colour of spirituality and awareness, lush purple pushes Sagittarius’ philosophical mind toward enlightenment and openness,” experts claim. “Also a colour of abundance, purple encourages Sagittarius’ natural luck and positive nature, and drives it to continuously broaden its horizons.” “Earthy grey and brown help Capricorn find the strongest and most practical path to take in life,” experts at tarot.com suggest. “These strong but neutral colours enhance Capricorn’s solidity, reliability, and traditionalism. “A combination of extremes - white and black - grey increases the conservative nature of Capricorn and its no-nonsense approach to life.” Brown, on the hand, “represents stability” which can greatly benefit Capricorn.