Tapi.co.uk also surveyed Britons to discover what home features are the most attractive. The research found private outdoor spaces, new kitchens, bathrooms and natural daylight to be the most tempting home features. With spring just around the corner, what can homeowners do to make their property more attractive on the market? According to The Advisory, there are more people looking to buy a home during spring than any other time of the year. This tends to be because the weather is more stable and the days are longer, meaning people can view a property in daylight. More than half (52 percent) of those surveyed by Tapi found outdoor space to be the most attractive feature when looking for a home to buy. Having a garden has become more popular in recent years, with many people continuing to spend more time at home, including working from home. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home Tapi experts said: “If you’re not blessed with lots of private outdoor space, there are ways to make your space appear more private by adding fences, hedges, trees and tall flowers to the far-reaching areas, both optimising the space and maintaining an enclosed feel.” More than half (51 percent) of those surveyed also found a new kitchen to be what they look for most when viewing a property, with new appliances (12 percent) also an attractive feature. A further two in five (42 percent) found a new bathroom to be the most appealing feature. The experts explained: “If you haven’t the funds to refurbish your entire kitchen or bathroom before you sell, there are still things you can do to give your space a well needed touch up. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘trick’ to remove ‘nasty’ vacuum smells [COMMENT]Get rid of ‘pesky weeds’ using cupboard essentials [EXPERT]Flowers: ‘Handy trick’ to keep ‘blooms thriving for longer’ [EXPLAINER] “A fresh lick of paint will help spruce up the space, or you could add stick-on tiles to your kitchen or bathroom to modernise it. “Check for any rust or mould and ensure this is sorted before viewings too.” Natural daylight was also a feature many looked for, with 42 percent of those surveyed claiming this was the most important factor for them. Although natural daylight can be hard to control, the experts explained that with the right decorations, wall colours and flooring, space can be optimised. They said: “Try adding large mirrors to reflect daylight around the room, and choose light, breezy colours for the walls and flooring. “Finally, a feature which may seem obvious but shouldn’t be ignored, is ensuring your home is well presented, clean and tidy. “Twenty eight percent of survey participants agree that unnecessary mess and clutter turns them off a home, so ensure your home is tidy before opening it up for viewings.” In contrast, the participants also shared their top turn offs when viewing properties. This included a lot of work needing to be done to the home, a lot of external noise pollution and unsightly surroundings in the eye view of the home. An old kitchen which needs replacing was also a turn off for 28 percent, while 22 percent didn’t want a property which needed to be completely redecorated. Johanna Constantinou, brand and communications director at Taps, commented: “With the surge in springtime property buyers just around the corner, now is the perfect time to start making changes in your home to ensure your property has the best chance possible when it comes to market. “From new flooring, to cleaning the space and modernising it, we hope our tips will help sellers make their home more attractive to buyers.”