Pierre Gasly has detailed how he felt a stabbing pain in his stomach throughout the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on Sunday, describing his attempts to bear through the injury as 'surviving' whilst competing for a top 10 spot in Jeddah. Gasly was forced to visit a doctor after the race to discuss the problem. The Frenchman started ninth on the grid in the Middle East after qualifying 1.054 seconds behind leader Sergio Perez on Saturday. After initially climbing the grid through the race, the AlphaTauri driver pitted at the wrong time just moments before Nicholas Latifi's crash on lap 17, languishing in 14th once the safety car had allowed drivers to continue. However, Gasly finished in a commendable eighth to take home his first points of the season after his car set on fire in the season opener in Bahrain. And that was made even more impressive after the Frenchman confirmed that he felt pain in his intestines in the last 15 laps of the race - stating that he had to see a doctor afterwards to alleviate any fears of long-term injury. "The last 15 laps I've never had that much pain, I don't know what happened in my intestine," he told Sky Sports. "The last 10 laps was like getting stabbed every left corner, the most painful laps I've had so I don't know what's happened. "Anyway I'm just happy the race is over and happy we got these points. I've seen him [the doctor] already, we'll see after, I don't know what it is but it was not a nice feeling. It was more like surviving rather than anything else. But we'll see what's happened." The former Red Bull driver has been tipped to make a return to the energy drink giants in the future, with Perez the man he is likely to replace. However, the Mexican has shown that he is still capable of competing at the top by finishing in pole position on Saturday's qualifying. He was also unfortunate with pitting ahead of the Latifi crash and ended up finishing fourth in the Grand Prix, with team-mate Max Verstappen the victor. But with Gasly continuously impressing in Red Bull's sister team, he will be confident of getting another chance to partner Verstappen again in the future. Verstappen won the race in Saudi Arabia by a matter of lengths ahead of early-season favourite Charles Leclerc in the Ferrari after a thrilling battle on the high-speed street circuit. And the drivers will go again in just under two weeks' time in Australia for the third race of the season.