24 hours before Chelsea’s League Cup final defeat to Liverpool, Roman Abramovich announced in a rare statement he was handing the Blues over to the ‘trustees of Chelsea’s charitable foundation’. However, ongoing confusion proceeding this announcement, has given way to alleged threats of resignations by the Chelsea trustees, thus connoting a hot potato style offload rather than a smooth passing of the torch. And now the Russian oligarch is believed to have put the reigning Champions League holders up for sale, according to shocking reports from the Daily Telegraph. Thomas Tuchel’s Club World Cup triumph at the start of February saw the Blues become only the third English side to win every major club trophy available to them. Abramovich’s mark on Chelsea and English football as a whole is permanent; winning five Premier League titles, two Champions Leagues, five FA Cups, three League Cups and two Europa Leagues; breaking numerous transfer records along the way. But with Abramovich seemingly looking for a way out of the club, amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Chelsea may have to adapt to a new owner who is less willing to break the bank to guarantee success – in short, Chelsea will have to revert to their strategy of Frank Lampard’s first season at the club. TOP STORY: Arsenal get Emile Smith Rowe boost but Mikel Arteta still without key star Lampard replaced Maurizio Sarri in the summer of 2019 and was entrusted with guiding the Blues through a transfer ban and the sale of Eden Hazard to Real Madrid. While Mateo Kovacic’s loan move was made permanent and Christian Pulisic was signed from Borussia Dortmund shortly before Lampard’s arrival, the Chelsea legend had an extremely difficult job on his hands. While he could have lent on the same experienced players as Sarri, Lampard empowered the likes of Tammy Abraham, Mason Mount, Fikayo Tomori, and Reece James, as well as retaining Kurt Zouma who was on loan at Everton the previous season. Billy Gilmour and now Brighton and Hove Albion defender Tariq Lamptey were also afforded chances in the first team, which they took well. DON'T MISSJurgen Klopp risks escalating situation with 'angry' Liverpool stars after Carabao Cup win [COMMENT]Real Madrid 'nervous’ about Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland as new details emerge [GOSSIP]Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball [NEWS] After guiding the Blues to a fourth placed finish and the FA Cup final. Abramovich threw his financial muscle behind Lampard in a £220m transfer splurge that saw Kai Havertz, Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech, Ben Chilwell, and Edouard Mendy brought into the club. Tuchel has also benefitted from Abramovich’s financial muscles with the £97.5m arrival of Romelu Lukaku last summer, but Tuchel has granted opportunities to Callum Hudson-Odoi and Trevoh Chalobah. The German has grown accustom to a significant transfer kitty having managed the Blues and Paris Saint-Germain, but he may very well be forced to look to his experience at Borussia Dortmund at Stamford Bridge. While uncertainty grows around Chelsea’s ownership, the Blues will also need to adapt to FIFA’s new loan regulations, which dictate a club can only loan out eight professional players from their academy - Ten players were sent on loan by the Blues’. The sales of Zouma, Abraham, and Tomori were a perfect indication of how the Blues have been able to make serious profits on players who were either moulded at their academy players at Cobham or bought in for low prices at a young age. Chelsea have thrived ever since the likes of Mount, James, Hudson-Odoi and Chalobah were afforded their opportunities, and the likes of Conor Gallagher and Gilmour could also be next to help the Blues. However, a serious period of uncertainty looks to be on the horizon for the Blues and their days of lucrative transfer fees and equally significant contracts could follow Abramovich out of the door. Tuchel already knows how to ingratiate and develop younger players into the first team and the Blues do still have one of the best academies in world football. Except the emphasis and value on Cobham will need to transcend from a footballing farm of young talent to a conveyer belt into the first team. And while difficult days may well be ahead at Stamford Bridge, Tuchel is the manager and Cobham is the academy that can ensure this transition, from a pure footballing point of view, is as smooth as it can possibly be.