Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori touched down on British soil at RAF Brize Norton at just after 1am, and a video shared on social media showed the emotional homecoming as Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe hugged and kissed her young daughter and Mr Ashoori's family sobbed. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, whose husband Richard has long campaigned for her release, left Iran with fellow British-Iranian Mr Ashoori, 67, on Wednesday after their release was secured. Richard Ratcliffe's sister, Rebecca, revealed that daughter Gabriella slept between her parents after the long-awaited return. Discussing Gabriella reuniting with her mother, Ms Ratcliffe told ITV's Good Morning Britain: "I think it's difficult for her to comprehend. "This is a little girl who for most of her life hasn't known a childhood with both her parents. "She's known a childhood with mummy and granny and a childhood with daddy. "This has been something she's been wanting for a long time but probably doesn't quite know how to cope with. READ MORE: Putin's new low - hundreds feared dead "She gets to see her mummy and last night I heard from Richard she slept in the bed with them, between them, all night last night. "I think that's a really special moment for all three of them." Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe was detained for six years after being accused of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government. While Mr Ashoori, who was detained in Evin prison for almost five years, was accused of spying. Both have consistently and vigorously denied the allegations. The pair smiled and chatted as they walked from the aircraft into a reception building at the airport. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who was wearing a navy dress and coat, with a bright yellow shawl and matching handbag, waved to the cameras, while Mr Ashoori, who was carrying a magazine, gave a salute and a peace sign. Mr Ashoori appeared to be taking photos with the pilots in the cockpit on the plane, as they waited to disembark. DON'T MISS Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe touches down on British soil [INSIGHT]Truss proves she is not a one-trick pony -she's the UK's secret weapon [ANALYSIS]Why was Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe jailed in Iran? [VIDEO] He could be seen posing with two men through the windows of the cockpit. An emotional video was shared live on Instagram by Mr Ashoori's daughter Elika as the pair disembarked the plane. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's seven-year-old daughter Gabriella was heard asking "is that mummy?" and again shouted "mummy" as her mother walked down the plane's stairs. Mr Ratcliffe shook Mr Ashoori's hand, as Gabriella appeared to run towards her mother, who was out of shot. She then carried the little girl in her arms as they were surrounded by other family members. Mr Ashoori was then reunited with his family, who were in tears as they embraced. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe then appeared in the video and hugged and kissed her daughter, and asked her "do I smell nice?" before holding her hands.