The Commonwealth Day Service in London looked a little different today to previous years as the Queen was not in attendance. The Duke and Duchess of Wessex did not attend either. The only members of the Royal Family at Westminster Abbey were Prince William, the Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Charles, and the Duchess of Cornwall. The last Commonwealth Day Service was in 2020, due to Covid not making it possible last year. Sophie Wessex and the Duke of Wessex were at the 2020 service, as well as Meghan Markle and Prince Harry: two couples who were not in attendance today. According to one body language expert, this made the service less “frosty” than two years ago. Judi James said: “It was a very different atmosphere amongst the royals today than the rather agonising, frosty gathering that sadly upstaged the service itself back in 2020. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps “With no Harry and Meghan to create an air of tension, drama and speculation among the royal line-up and no Edward and Sophie to perform overkill rituals of smiling and chatting in a bid to keep the peace, the group of four that was Charles, Camilla, William and Kate managed to make it look – for the most part – like a much warmer and more relaxed outing.” The body language expert continued: “The status signals had changed, illustrating how Camilla has now been officially elevated to the role of future queen. “Charles arrived ahead of her, eclipsing his wife as usual, but also looking a little frailer and with an unsteady gait that might be a result of Covid.” Judi claimed that, like Camilla, Kate Middleton’s status has also elevated. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] She said: “William crooked his inner arm as though silently offering it to Kate as they arrived, but Kate’s status has also been raised since the last outing here and she showed supreme levels of inner confidence by walking with her arms hanging down at her sides. “It was Kate chatting to William here and it was Kate looking relaxed and animated as she chatted to her hosts. “Without the burden of all the suppressed bitterness from 2020, Kate’s dimpled smile returned and she looked relaxed and comfortable with her own elevated role with the Queen sadly absent.” Without the presence of the Queen, it seemed the public were given an insight into what awaits once Prince Charles inevitably becomes King. Kate and Camilla were also seen greeting each other outside Westminster Abbey, implying the two women’s close relationship. Judi said: “Kate’s greeting ritual for Camilla was signature current Kate. “We saw at Philip’s funeral how Kate now steps up in terms of royal signaling and cohesion in public, meaning the add-ons or tie-signs she used with Camilla were probably not accidental. “With Camilla now confirmed as future Queen we saw Kate touch her arm in an act of intimacy and affection as she kissed her. “She also crouched extremely low to plant the kisses and after her hand dropped from Camilla’s arm, she replaced it to add an extra squeeze of what seemed to signal affection.” Kate and Camilla both looked ravishing at the service today. The Duchess of Cambridge opted for a royal blue coat dress with a matching hat, as well as matching sapphire jewellery. Meanwhile, Camilla donned a purple coat dress from London couture designer Fiona Clare.