The Holiday makes its debut on Channel 5 on Tuesday night and follows a group of families enjoying a summer vacation. During their retreat, one of the women discovers her husband is having an affair and suspects one of her friends she is holidaying with. Jill Halfpenny, who plays policewoman Kate, opened up about the hardest challenges of filming in a global pandemic and revealed it got so bad she thought she was "going to cry". The four-part series is based on the best-selling book, The Holiday by TM Logan and is set to have viewers at the edge of their seats. Jill plays mum-of-two Kate, who makes the shocking discovery that her husband Sean (played by Owen McDonell) is having an affair with one of her three best friends whilst holidaying in Malta. Touching on what it was like to film in Malta during the pandemic, Jill explained: "Malta was in a pretty strict lockdown when we were there. "We were in complete isolation for 14 days, doing fittings and read-throughs on Zoom, and then we were working six-day weeks. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump "We had to just go to set, film, and go back to our hotel rooms, there was a beach right outside the hotel, but police were patrolling it, making sure people wore masks. "So it wasn’t very relaxing! We would much rather be working in those conditions than not working at all, though, so we were all still really pleased to be out there," she said to Channel 5. Jill continued: "It was a shame not to be able to go to a nice local restaurant though, we knew the hotel menu off by heart by the end and couldn’t face another curry! "Malta opened up two days before we were leaving, so everyone rushed out to Valetta to buy gifts and see people! "Sally Lindsay and the Madame Blanc crew were on Gozo, the island next to Malta, at a similar time, so we were texting each other to see how things were going. "It was April when we were filming, and I think you can tell in some of the shots that it was incredibly windy, so it wasn't anywhere near as warm as it might look. "In fact, there was one-day filming that was the coldest day I've ever had on set in my life. We were all in summer outfits having this meal on the side of a rock, and the wind was coming in from the sea. "I thought I was going to cry because I was so cold, but luckily Kate is always really tense, so it didn’t show too much," Jill exclaimed. DON'T MISS...The Holiday episode 1 cast: Who is in the Channel 5 series? [INSIGHT]Jill Halfpenny: The Drowning star opens up on partner's sudden death [LATEST]The Drowning: Channel 5 viewers 'rumble' who Daniel really is [WATCH] 1573382 The gang's idyllic holiday quickly becomes a nightmare for Kate as she discovers texts from a mystery woman called CoralGirl on Sean's phone and makes it her mission to find out who it is. The first episode, which airs Tuesday night, will see Kate and Sean arrive on their holiday with children Lucy (Lara McDonnell) and Daniel (Aidan McCann). Joining them on their holiday are Kate's university friends Rowan (Siobhan Hewlett) and Jenny (Liv Mjones), along with their husbands and single friend Izzy (Cat Simmons). Kate’s obsession with the affair leads others to go to great lengths to hide their secrets. The series remains "pretty close" to the novel, as Jill told RadioTimes.com: "Towards the end, there are a few little changes here and there, but other than that, I would say it was pretty close. "It's always difficult when somebody loves a book that's been adapted because you can't get the amount of detail and nuance in a drama that you get in a 600-page book otherwise, it'd be a 20-episode drama. "So I think people do always feel like, 'Oh, you didn't put the part in that was my favourite.' But there just has to be a choice when you're adapting something, and the story has to keep moving". The Holiday airs Tuesday night at 9pm on Channel 5.