French politician and Member of the European parliament, Nathalie Loiseau, highlighted the extent of the humanitarian crisis going on in Eastern European countries, by saying that they are faced with over a million incoming Ukrainian refugees. According to the current UK regulations, Ukrainian refugees arriving in Calais hoping to transport to the UK cannot be granted a visa at the French port. Instead, they have to go to a visa centre either in Paris or in Brussels and apply there. The French MEP turned to the UK and called for the process to be speeded up in Calais, in order to assist those who seek to enter the UK. Loiseau wrote on her Twitter account: “Dear British friends, countries like Poland, Romania or the tiny Moldova cope with more than a million Ukrainian refugees and the number keeps growing. Can you manage to speed up in Calais?” In the same spirit, the French Interior Minister, Gérald Darmanin, seen speaking on French TV said refugees without a visa are facing difficulty going to the UK. He noted that those who have families in Britain have the necessary paperwork to go and join them. But for those who don’t, they can’t go, “because of British bureaucracy.” Mr Darmanin said: “The Ukrainians who flee the war to join their families in Britain come here with papers. “The difficulty comes for those who don't have a visa. “The UK is asking them to go to Brussels or Paris to get the visa, so we ask the British for a consulate in Calais to provide these visas.” He added: “I have called the British minister twice to do this. “I thank Natacha Bouchart for welcoming these Ukrainian families who have to go to England and who, because of British bureaucracy, can’t go yet.” On Saturday, Mr Darmanin called out the UK for a "totally inadequate response" to Ukrainian refugees stranded in Calais on Saturday and called on the country to ease visa requirements for Ukrainian refugees. According to a statement issued by the Pas-de-Calais prefecture, 517 Ukrainians have tried to go to the United Kingdom since January 28. Of those, 250 of them, without visas, have been turned back by the British authorities. The prefecture explained: "This situation is unrealistic because it forces these people, already exhausted by their long and arduous journey, to go to Paris or Brussels, to the embassies to apply for visas.” At the same time, associations and humanitarian groups operating in Calais denounce the support and welcoming that Ukrainian refugees find in the French city, in contrast to the situation that refugees from other countries face. Refugees that fail to go to the UK are hosted by the town of Calais in the youth hostel, BFM TV reported. This official reception by the town hall appears in contrast with the usual welcome given to refugees, with migrant aid associations condemning how not all people fleeing war receive the same welcome. Migrant aid organisation Utopia 56 has said: “Associations have been asking for years for accommodation for people blocked at the border". They added that the current situation proves that resources can indeed be mobilised: "For all these people in exile, from Ukraine or elsewhere, from Afghanistan, Eritrea, Sudan, sleeping on the pavements and camps of Calais, Grande-Synthe, Paris, Rennes... the Ukrainian situation proves it: it is possible to decide to welcome people with dignity." Additional reporting by Maria Ortega 