Piers Morgan has vented at Chelsea after the club requested to fulfil Saturday's upcoming FA Cup fixture against Middlesbrough behind closed doors due to ticket issues that continue to plague the Blues. The west London outfit have been banned from selling tickets and players alongside renewing contracts as a direct consequence of Russia's invasion of Ukraine due to owner Roman Abramovich's links with Vladimir Putin.  Abramovich was sanctioned and later disqualified from being Chelsea owner by the UK Government, after a report found that his empire and wealth was closely associated with the Kremlin. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss stated that the sanctions show that oligarchs have 'no place in our economy and society', adding that the seven oligarchs that were sanctioned 'are complicit in his [Putin's] aggression towards Ukraine. The result has completely turned Chelsea's future upside down, with the club unable to sell, buy or renew players contractually, whilst ticket and shirt sales have been forbidden until the matter is resolved. As a result, the European champions have only sold around 600 tickets for their trip to the Riverside Stadium as sales were stopped prematurely, leaving a half-empty away end to travel to the north east. The Blues requested for the game to be played behind closed doors as a precaution, with the club claiming it was 'the fairest way'. But multiple fans and pundits criticised the decision, with Morgan being the latest to berate the club. JUST IN: Man Utd lack three things as Neville makes comparison to Man City  "Oh shut up," Morgan tweeted. "Why should Middlesbrough fans be punished for your owner’s refusal to condemn his mate’s illegal war?" The incident has given Chris Wilder's men a huge chance to play at Wembley for the first time since their 2-0 Championship play-off final defeat to Norwich in 2015. However, they will be pushed all the way by Tuchel's men, even without an away crowd. The Blues detailed their decision to play behind closed doors in a statement on Tuesday morning. "It is important for the competition that the match against Middlesbrough goes ahead," a statement read. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  "However it is with extreme reluctance that we are asking the FA board to direct that the game be played behind closed doors for matters of sporting integrity. "Chelsea FC recognises that such an outcome would have a huge impact on Middlesbrough and its supporters, as well as our own fans who have already bought the limited number of tickets that were sold before the licence was imposed, but we believe this is the fairest way of proceeding in the current circumstances. "We will continue to discuss the issue of ticket sales with OFSI [Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation] as there are a number of fixtures still to be played this season and we hope to reach a resolution. 