It appears many people are unaware of how National Insurance impacts their state pension, with an alarming number of Britons having a lack of understanding on the topic. A stunning 92 percent of people do not know what National Insurance is, according to research from BlueSphere. National Insurance is a tax which people pay on their earnings. Employed people pay National Insurance on their wage or salary, while those who are self-employed pay it on their profits. National Insurance contributions are paid into a fund from which some state benefits are then paid. This includes the state pension, as well as statutory sick pay, maternity leave and additional unemployment benefits. READ MORE: ‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 The amount of state pension someone gets is directly tied to National Insurance. This is because the sum they are entitled is dependent on their National Insurance record when they reach state pension age. The current state pension age is 66, but this is set to eventually rise to 67 and then again to 68. To get the full new state pension, someone may need 35 qualifying years on their record. DON'T MISSState pension will undergo SIX key changes from next month - including triple lock [WARNING]Couple lives on £1 a day to clear £43,000 debt - read their 'ruthless' money-saving tips [INSIGHT]State pension amount: Check the sum you’ll get and if you could increase it [ALERT] The full new state pension currently pays out £179.60 a week, or £9,339.20 for a full year. This will rise to £185.15 from April 2022. A minimum of 10 qualifying years are required to get any state pension at all. These years do not have to be consecutive, meaning an individual could still get the full state pension if they have some gaps in their National Insurance record for any reason. Qualifying years are most commonly earned through employment or self-employment. Employed people will pay National Insurance and earn a qualifying year if they earn over £184 a week from one employer. People who are not working may also build up their record, as certain benefits come with attached National Insurance credits which help recipients to earn qualifying years. Claimants of Child Benefit for a child under 12 (or under 16 before 2010), Jobseeker’s Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance or Carer’s Allowance may get National Insurance credits. If someone wishes to boost their National Insurance record further, they may be able to pay voluntary contributions and in turn earn qualifying years. Britons can check their National Insurance record online via the Government website to see where they stand and if they will be entitled to the full state pension. They can see if there are any gaps in their record and then assess their options to try to improve this, whether it be through claiming any benefits they may be eligible for, or by paying voluntary contributions.