The changes will involve implementing new rules regarding the sale of crisps and chocolates. These products will no longer be cheap and they will be harder to find in stores. In a bid to tackle the country’s obesity issue, supermarkets are changing the way they make crisps and chocolates available in their stores. New rules could mean the end of deals on chocolates, such as buy one get one free. From October 1, products high in fat, salt, or sugar, will also be banned from “appealing” spots in supermarkets. This means they will not be available near the front of shops or near the tills. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it Advertising online and on TV will also be affected, with commercial no linger allowed to run before 9pm. There will also be limitations on social media promotions, which will be put in place from January 1 next year. However, exemptions will be made to protect businesses who have small shops or fewer than 50 employees. But research has showed that just one in three businesses have checked their products ahead of the new legislation.  The rules are to be put in place to curb Britain’s obesity crisis. Around 28 percent of adults in England are obese, according to the Health Survey for England 2019, while a further 36.2 percent are overweight but not obese. Obesity is usually defined as having a body mass index (BMI) of 30 or above. Meanwhile, BMI between 25 and 30 is classified as overweight. A quarter of businesses have not even considered auditing their products at all, while one in five businesses are completely unaware of the legislation altogether. According to the study, undertaken by global standards organisation GS1 UK, more than four in 10 managers and business owners feel unprepared for the changes. This is based on 400 British managers and business owners. Anne Godrey, CEO of GS1 UK, said: “The high in fat, salt, or sugar (HFSS) legislation represents a seismic shift for businesses across the UK and many of our 57,000 members will be affected. “While our research reveals that businesses and consumers are aligned on the benefits the changes can bring, the findings show there is much more to be done if the sentiment of the legislation is to become a reality.” Further research of 1,500 consumers found the legislation will significantly affect shopping behaviours, especially since more than half often buy HFSS products every time they shop. It was also revealed that 51 percent would be less likely to purchase HFSS items if they were less visible in stores. Additionally, a quarter would buy fewer if they were only available at full price, according to the OnePoll data. More than half would miss offers such as the buy one get one free deal, which could greatly impact families as the cost of living in the UK continues to rise. However, 66 percent of businesses and 68 percent of consumers both agree on the need for something to be done about unhealthy eating in Britain. But more than a quarter of those in the food and drink industry said they will be negatively affected by the changes, with the main reasons being the amount of time and money required to change existing products or develop new ones. Ms Godfrey added: “Many businesses feel overwhelmed with the challenges they have faced over the last two years. “There is no doubt that the industry, now more than ever, needs to take a standardised approach for the collection of quality data if they are to adapt quickly and confidently to new legislation and growing consumer demand.”