Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) has quickly become one of the NCIS universe’s most popular figures since debuting in NCIS Hawaii last year. As she and the team in Hawaii tackle a fresh batch of cases on the sun-soaked island, CBS viewers have continued to tune in in their millions, proving the drama’s ever-expanding franchise is still as strong as ever. And now, there’s even more good news on the way. CBS announced on Thursday, March 31 that Jane, Ernie (Jason Antoon) and the rest of the team would indeed be back for NCIS Hawaii season two. And it isn’t the only drama from the hit crime franchise slapped with a renewal either. Long-running NCIS will also progress into its 20th season on air, while Chris O’Donnell’s G Callen and LL Cool J’s Sam Hanna will return in NCIS Los Angeles season 14. Within minutes of the news breaking, lead star Lachey shared a statement to mark the milestone. READ MORE: NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah celebrates season 14 renewal On Instagram, Lachey shared a clip of herself and the rest of the NCIS Hawaii cast and crew dancing along. She captioned the video: “CHEE WHOO!!! We did it. SEASON 2 of @ncishawaiicbs! “This is only possible because of the Island & Her people. Mahalo Nui Loa to my ENTIRE cast, crew & Island family. “We are who we are because of ALL of you! Your hard work, Love & support allows us to shine.” Lachey also paid tribute to her husband Nick Lachey - who she stars alongside on Netflix’s Love Is Blind. “And to my husband who moved our entire family and life to Hawai’i so I can follow my dreams with the people who mean the most to me by my side, Thank You, Babe! We did it,” she added. Lachey concluded her heartfelt post by saying: “What a ride! Now… LETS GO SEASON 2!!!! #NCISHawaii.” CBS Entertainment president Kelly Kahl also released a statement explaining the network’s decision to keep the NCIS universe going. DON'T MISS:NCIS season 19 UK: When will series 19 premiere on Disney+?NCIS LA season 13 theory: Hanna betrayal in undercover op?NCIS LA season 13: Roundtree arrested in LAPD conflict “NCIS, one of the most popular and enduring series in the world, and fan-favourite NCIS: Los Angeles have been hugely successful on the CBS schedule for years,” she began [via TV Line]. She added: “With the strong new addition of NCIS: Hawai’i, we are able to expand the strength of this formidable franchise across our schedule. “We couldn’t be more excited to have all three talented casts and creative teams back to bring more compelling NCIS stories to viewers in the US and around the globe.” With NCIS Hawaii’s debut season still in full swing, a release date remains under wraps for now. However, CBS has confirmed when season one will end with the finale penned to air on Monday, May 23. This will be the same day NCIS season 19 concludes and the day after NCIS LA’s 13th run comes to a close. The renewal also comes fresh off the back of the first-ever NCIS and NCIS Hawaii crossover event - so can fans expect more team-ups in the second run? NCIS Hawaii continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.