BBC reporter Jenny Hill appeared on BBC Radio 4 to discuss the information war being waged by the Kremlin as Russians are told by state television that the conflict is going well. While Ms Hill admitted some Russians may not know the full extent of the difficult war for their country, she said many things have now changed in the country which is hard for Vladimir Putin to cover up. She added the admission from the Kremlin that conscripts have been used in the conflict - despite them denying the fact - shows how things were unravelling in Russia. Speaking to Nick Robinson on the Today Programme, Ms Hill was asked whether there were signs of Russians clocking on to the realities in Ukraine. She admitted there was no major development but the Kremlin was struggling to maintain its illusion. She explained: "As I've mentioned before, you know, state television is not showing any pictures of that hospital in Mauripol. "But I think you are starting to see the Kremlin struggling perhaps to keep its narrative up. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "So yesterday for the first time, for example, the Defence Ministry admitted, contrary to what Vladimir Putin has insisted along, that the concepts were sent in to fight and that some of them... most of them have been brought back to Russia. "Some of them are still in Ukraine as captured and the Kremlin has been forced to acknowledge that Russian soldiers are dying. "It's not something that could really keep from people here any longer because families will be notified that their son wasn't coming home. "And in addition to all of that, of course, sanctions are starting to take place very slowly but you know, Russians can't help but notice that their country is starting to change.  "So it is getting harder, I think, for the Kremlin to maintain this narrative that it's all going to plan which is what they've been insisting all along." But Ms Hill said many Russians only had state-sponsored television to inform them about what is happening following a crackdown on independent broadcasters so still believed things were going ok. Putin had assured Russians that only professional soldiers were taking part in the Ukraine "special operation" and said no conscripts were being forced to fight there. According to Reuters, Putin said: "I understand how you're worrying for your beloved ones ... I emphasise that conscript soldiers are not participating in hostilities and will not participate in them. DON'T MISS:William and Kate open up on dealing with kid's Ukraine questions [INSIGHT]Putin's 'ONLY' Achilles' heel exposed as 'schism' poses 'threat' [UPDATE]I know the truth, but try telling that to millions watching propaganda [COMMENT]  “And there will be no additional call-up of reservists.” However, on Wednesday, Igor Konashenkov, a spokesman of the Russian defence ministry, admitted that conscripts were present in the country. He said: “Unfortunately, we have uncovered several instances of the presence of conscripts in the Russian units taking part in the special military operation in Ukraine. “Almost all of those servicemen have been taken back to Russia. “At the same time, a sabotage group of the national battalion attacked one of the units performing logistical support. "A number of servicemen, including conscripts, were captured.” Russian spokesperson Dmitry Peskov claimed military leaders were told to exclude conscripts from the invasion or they would be punished. Videos released by Ukrainian forces have shown some captured Russian soldiers who say they were "brainwashed" and tricked into fighting in Ukraine after being told it was being run by a "neo-Nazi" regime. Putin has told Russians that the invasion of Ukraine was to depose the "neo-Nazi" government which has been persecuting the community in Donbas. Russia laid out their demands for peace earlier this week which include recognising Crimea as part of Russia, Ukraine becoming neutral and not joining NATO and the EU, and the demilitarisation of the country. 