PIP provides support for those with long-term physical or mental conditions or disabilities, offering different rates depending on their needs and the severity of their condition. An estimated 2.8 million people already claim PIP, with these five conditions making up 82 percent of claimants. PIP is made up of two different aspects, for which payments provide higher and lower rates depending on the level of difficulty claimants experience with certain tasks. The daily living components, which is for claimants that require help with everyday tasks, offers a lower rate of £60 and higher rate of £89.60. Meanwhile the mobility component focuses on claimants that struggle or need assistance getting around and provides £23.70 on the lower rate and £62.55 on the higher rate. Claiming the higher rate for both components can see successful claimants receiving £152.15 per week, completely tax-free. READ MORE: State pensioners could get £3,000 annual boost - and sum is rising in April  PIP claimants may also find they qualify for the below as well: Additionally, PIP is not affected by one’s earnings or savings as it focuses purely on the disability or condition they have and how it affects them. With that in mind, it can be quite daunting for potentially eligible Britons to claim their dues, as the application process can be intimidating. Often, applying for PIP will include an assessment where claimants will need to explain how their condition affects them while also being observed to see the extent of the impact to help decide what level of payment will be awarded. Because of this, some will avoid applying as they are not entirely sure whether they will qualify for the benefit. The DWP has noted that the amount of PIP provided depends on how severely the condition affects the claimants rather than what the disability or condition actually is. Although, figures have shown that 82 percent of PIP claims fall into these five disabling categories: Psychiatric disorders and general musculoskeletal disease make up the majority of record claims, representing roughly 37 percent and 20 percent respectively. However, after an assessment has taken place only around 52 percent end up receiving any PIP payments. The following are also common condition categories for PIP claims across the UK: