The woman, believed to be a student at City, University of London, died in student accommodation yesterday. Officers were called to Arbour House in Sebastian Street, Clerkenwell, at around 5.10am on Saturday to reports of a woman suffering serious neck injuries. She was pronounced dead at the scene. A murder investigation has been launched to establish the circumstances surrounding her death. The man, identified by the Metropolitan Police as Maher Maaroufe, 22, is thought to have been in a relationship with the victim. He is known to have links across London and also travel to Cambridgeshire. The police have advised the public to call 999 if they see Mr Maaroufe, but not to approach him. Detective Chief Inspector Linda Bradley, leading the investigation, said: "The woman's family have been informed and will be supported by specialist officers in the days and months ahead. "My thoughts and that of my team are with them at this terribly difficult time. "We believe the victim is a student who was studying at City, University of London. "Early indications so far suggest that the victim had been in a relationship with Maaroufe and that they had been together that evening. "Urgent enquiries to locate Maaroufe are ongoing and I urge him to attend a police station immediately. "Anyone who has information that can help police must do the right thing and please call us now." Chief Inspector Adam Instone, from Central North Command Unit, said: "Arbour House is student accommodation, and I know there will be great sadness and deep concern among local people and the student community. "I share their sadness and their concerns. "And I can assure them that a thorough homicide investigation is underway, led by skilled and experienced detectives who will work tirelessly to identify and arrest whoever is responsible." He added: "Tackling violent crime is the Met’s top priority. "Police officers, including forensic specialists, remain at the scene. "Local people will also see additional police in the area. "If you have any concerns about safety in and around Clerkenwell, please speak with those officers."