Former Coronation Street star Ryan Thomas, 37, has reportedly accused his ex Tina O'Brien, 38, of smashing his car wing mirror with a baseball bat after the pair got into a furious row at 1am. The former couple met on the set of Coronation Street, dated for six years, and share one daughter together.      According to The Sun, the pair became involved in an angry row in the early hours of last Sunday. Ryan and Tina have reportedly not spoken ever since tension “boiled over” between them. A source told the Sun: “Tina, who was at a pal’s house party, came out into the street to meet him as he drove up. “Soon after that his car was damaged with the baseball bat.” READ MORE: ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle     The insider described it as “quite a disturbing incident”, adding that Ryan was “furious”. Ryan reportedly drove away as quickly as he could and it is believed that he has since taken the vehicle's wing mirror to be repaired. Express.co.uk has contacted Tina and Ryan's reps for comment. Tina started dating Ryan in 2003 after splitting from co-star Bruno Langley.     Ryan played mechanic Jason Grimshaw in the show, while Tina is well-known for her character Sarah Platt. In the show, Ryan and Tina’s characters became engaged, but in the end, Sarah was left at the altar by Jason. Meanwhile, in reality, Ryan split from Tina in 2009, with the actress claiming the star told her he “never loved her” and that she was “devastated”. However, Tina went on to find love again with Adam Crofts, who she married in 2018. READ MORE... ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [NEWS] Charlie Sheen apologised to Shane Warne for Liz Hurley admission [LATEST] Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [UPDATE]     Ryan also moved on with Lucy Mecklenburgh, who he met on Bear Grylls' Celebrity Island in 2017. Ryan is now expecting his second child with The Only Way Is Essex star. Tina and Ryan’s daughter Scarlett Thomas has been announced as one of the cast members to join the reboot of BBC’s hit show Waterloo Road. The school-based drama is currently filming in Manchester and will return to TV screens this year.      Scarlett's uncle Adam Thomas has already been confirmed to be making a return to the series as Donte Charles. Meanwhile Katie Griffiths, who plays Donte’s wife Chlo, is also coming back to the show. Adam’s niece will be playing the pair’s on-screen daughter, Izzy Charles, in the new series. He told Manchester Evening News: “What I can tell you is my little niece Scarlett Thomas is going to be joining the cast of Waterloo Road. “Dante and Chlo had a little baby called Izzy many moons ago and she’s now grown up and my little niece gets to play her. “My brother’s daughter gets to play my on-screen daughter.”   