Wednesday's classic episode of Tipping Point saw Brian, Abby, Mani and Jacqui take on the machine on the ITV gameshow to try to win the all-important jackpot. But as Brian made a move after correctly answering a question, his rush to release the counter saw him frazzled and presenter Ben pointed out he'd got his timings "back to front". Luckily, the contestant got away with the move and secured a win. It came as Ben told the team: "You've got two questions left. Next is which ITV series that began in 1960 is the longest-running TV soap opera in the world?" Brian buzzed in first to take a stab and correctly answered: "Coronation Street." "You're right, it is Corrie," Ben confirmed. "Yes, well done Brian. Now, are you going to play again?" "I'll play again, drop zone two," the player replied, quickly pressing the button to release the counter. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is "Brian, Brian!" Ben commented, seeming concerned. "Don't rush it, Brian!" Fortunately, the counter landed well and Ben remarked, surprised: "Oh, you got away with it." He went on: "You got your timing back to front there, Brian, let's see if we can get something from the top shelf. "Yes, and is that one black counter that's been waiting to go - yes it is! And a couple of others as well. "£150 Brian, nicely done. Let's take it, the machine puts you in the lead brian with £150 one counter still to play." Later in the episode, Brian and Mani went head-to-head after Abby and Jacqui had found their Tipping Point. The two both had a successful string of answers, but it was Brian who went on to win the round with £1,950. It seemed Brian kept making the same error as he forgot to take his time to consider the timings when releasing the counter. DON'T MISS... Married at First Sight Australia hints at Olivia and Jackson break up [LATEST]Matt Baker swears as he struggles to park family caravan [VIDEO]Celebrity Bake Off viewers disgusted by Yung Filly's 'cow pat' bake [REACTION] At one point Ben asked: "Krypto the Super-Dog belongs to which comic book superhero?" The options were Superman, Thor and Aquaman. Brian initially went with Thor. After giving it some thought though, he changed his mind and said: "No, Superman, it's Superman." The answer was correct, leading Ben to comment: "I'm glad you changed your mind!" As Brian selected the dropzone, Ben once again "Take your time here Brian, remember, get that release right ad give yourself a chance." At the end of the episode, Ben asked Brian if he'd like to take the trade or the money of £3,050 he had won. "I'll take the money," Brian decided. Ben replied: "Congratulations Brian, really brilliant stuff. £3050 is a lovely amount of money, "Should get you and Rosemary to America - one last trip." Ben then played out what would have happened had Brian taken the gamble and it seemed he made the correct choice as none of the three drops moved the Jackpot counter enough. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.