Lethal Weapon actor Mitchell Ryan has died at the age of 88. The star died of congestive heart failure at his Los Angeles home on Friday, his stepdaughter Denise Freed has confirmed to the Hollywood Reporter.  He was best known for playing a villainous general in the first Lethal Weapon movie. Mitchell was also beloved by fans for his roles in the soap opera Dark Shadows and the 1990s sitcom Dharma & Greg. His Dark Shadows co-star Kathryn Leigh Scott paid tribute to the actor following the sad news in an emotional Facebook post. Kathryn penned alongside pictures of the pair together: “My sweet, beloved friend Mitch died early this morning. READ MORE... ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle  “He was a great gift in my life. I cherish my warm memories of his beautiful soul.    “I’m heartbroken.”    Mitchell played Burke Devlin in the soap, while Kathryn portrayed the role of Maggie Evans.    He later went on to star in other soaps including All My Children, Santa Barbara and General Hospital.  Mitchell’s Hollywood career spanned more than a half-century. He made his movie debut in an uncredited role in the 1958 Robert Mitchum film Thunder Road. In the 1990s, Mitchell landed a long-running role as Greg's (Thomas Gibson) wealthy and eccentric father on Dharma & Greg. In his personal life, Mitchell struggled with drinking issues, which he opened up about in his 2021 autobiography, Fall Of A Sparrow. DON'T MISS:Martin Roberts breaks down in tears after Costco purchase rejected [VIDEO]Ant McPartlin hits back at 'woke' criticism [OPINION]'There's no point!' Ricky Gervais speaks out on 'fake marriage' [COMMENT] He penned: “I'm blessed that, 30 years a drunk, I've managed to live a working actor's life to be envied.  “And I've lived a great deal of real life while I was at it.  “Sober for the next 30 years, I'm told that I've come out of it all a good and useful human being.” Despite his successful career, Mitchell once revealed he just missed out on being given the role of Jean-Luc Picard on Star Trek: The Next Generation. The role eventually went to Sir Patrick Stewart.  Mitchell admitted in 2018: “I was pretty well considered until they ran across that incredible British actor … Patrick Stewart.  “I don’t know how close I came, but I was told [at the time] I was really being considered and it was looking good.”  He went on to appear in the hit series in 1989 as the estranged father of Cmdr. William Riker (Jonathan Frakes).