 Holby City is sadly set to come to an end later this month after the BBC axed the long-running medical soap. With the finale just around the corner, some cast members have been reflecting on what they’ve enjoyed most about their time on the show. In a recent interview, actors Alex Walkinshaw and Jaye Jacobs opened up about their characters, insisting they’d love to see them get a spin-off show one day.    Alex plays the popular nurse Adrian "Fletch" Fletcher on Holby City and has been on the show for around 10 years. Meanwhile, Jaye has been a part of the Holby family for 18 years as nurse Donna Jackson. The acting duo chatted about what they’ll miss most about their characters when the show comes to an end later this month. Alex said: “I think I’ve enjoyed, for me, my character being a single dad of four children and having to hold down a job. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret?  “Getting it wrong, getting it right, getting it massively wrong, trying to repair the damage, I just think it was really good to see it. “A lot of the time we see a single mum, right? I thought it was nice that we’ve seen Fletch with four children, trying to hold down a job, all the relationships at work and at home too. “I really enjoyed Fletch being a dad,” the actor explained to Metro. Alex continued: “I’m a dad myself and I love it, it was great being able to work with the young actors playing Fletch’s children, watching them grow up and move on to other things, that’s probably been my best delight.   “Working with the young actors, showing them some little tricks and help them through the day as well as helping them on a set, things to look out for, the things I was taught as a child being on set I’ve imparted some of the things I’ve learnt onto them. "I’ve enjoyed the Fletch storyline and for me, trying to impart any wisdom onto other people,” he added. Fletch and Donna recently hit a bump in the road in their friendship and some fans are wondering if they’ll ever be the same again. Alex commented: “What they went through, it’s a difficult one to come back from. DON'T MISS...Celebrity Bake Off star insists show bosses were ‘deliberately mean’ [MUST SEE]Tipping Point’s Ben Shephard criticises player’s tactics ‘A bit off’ [WATCH]Time season 2: When will the Sean Bean series return? [INSIGHT]  “I think what we saw was the initial heated response, the real immediate reaction. “We did the battle, but I think, Donna being Donna and Fletch being Fletch, I think they’ve got maturity and understanding that when the dust settles, they’ll go away and just be able to… without any words they’re just working side by side again. "I don’t think they’ll be running off into the sunset together, mind,” he remarked. Jaye chimed in: “But that is our spin off show, isn’t it?”    The actors may be hoping for a spin-off down the line, but for now their characters' stories are set to come to an end next week. Holby City will air its final episode on Tuesday March 29. The finale will centre around the story of Jac Naylor (played by Rosie Marcel) as she undergoes a serious operation to remove a brain tumour. Holby City airs Tuesdays on BBC One and streams on BBC iPlayer. 