Joey King, 22, who starred in Netflix cult hit The Kissing Booth, was given an oval diamond ring from Mociun by her fiance. Daniel O’Farrell, founder and diamond expert at DC Jewellery, has commented on the value and aesthetic of Joey’s new oval engagement ring. He told Express.co.uk the interesting cut of the ring is part of a trend for "moval" cut diamonds. Daniel said: “Traditionally with an oval diamond ring, a length to width ratio of 1.33:1 (ie – its length is 1/3 longer than its width) produces the most vibrant and desirable shape. "However, we have seen a trend over the last two to three years of customers moving towards a longer ratio and over the last 60 days we have had a threefold increase in customers looking for ‘movals’. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex’s £105,000 engagement ring has three diamonds and 'heart-shaped stones' “We have also created a number of variations of the oval style, with the shape being set ‘across the finger’ rather than the traditional style of the oval being set along the length of the finger. "This style is a great way to create a unique and unusual ring that stands out from the crowd. “While the value of Joey’s ring will depend on the 4 C’s (the cut, colour, clarity and carat) of the diamond, assuming it is a very high-quality 3-4ct oval, we would value the ring in the region of £100,000.” The actress posted a snap of her embracing her fiance Steven to clue fans in on her engagement. DON'T MISSWallis Simpson's £1m engagement ring 'fuelled rumours & interest' [INSIGHT] Eugenie's £100k engagement ring 'took inspiration' from Fergie [ROYAL] Clean an engagement ring - simple steps to get your ring sparkling [HOW TO] She wrote: "I never knew happiness could be so powerful that it can take the air from your lungs, overwhelming every part of you that you can’t help but feel your eyes well from the undeniable joy." She went on: "The date was 2/2/22 when you asked me to marry you and made me the luckiest lady alive. "I love you more than an Instagram caption could ever do justice. "Hanging out with you forever sounds like a real dream, so let’s do it." Steven Piet and Joey have been together since 2019. He was co-executive producer on The Act, in which Joey starred. The 30-year-old hails from Chicago and studied film at the Savannah College of Art and Design. Princess Michael of Kent's engagement ring is another unique piece of jewellery. Prince Michael is a first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. He presented now wife Marie-Christine with a two-stone sapphire-and-diamond ring made from stones that belonged to his mother, Princess Marina. The wedding took place on June 30, 1978 at a civil ceremony in Vienna.