Stacey Dooley, 35, has taken to Instagram with a romantic snap of herself and partner Kevin Clifton, while flashing a stunning diamond ring. The pair have received responses from fans who are keen to see the couple get married. The snap was shared on Stacey’s page in full view of her one million followers. Fans rushed to the comments to express their well wishes and support for the couple. Laurenmayoakley commented with a love heart face emoji. traceyjfitzgerald wrote: “Is that an engagement ring if so massive congrats." READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz hayleyfreeman93 quizzed: "Is it just me or am I spotting a ring there ....? what a beautiful pic." However, selinapinkyskinner set the record straight on the speculation, writing back: "Wrong hand." Teerana44 said: “So in love how beautiful.” Joyce_anne_murray_nealon speculated: “Wedding bells.” Jacqueline20147 penned: “Beautiful couple.” It comes after former Strictly Come Dancing pro Kevin took to Instagram on March 9 to pay a tribute to Stacey as she celebrated her birthday. The photo showed the presenter looking at the ground as she wore a white cut-out dress. In view of his 360,000 followers, Kevin captioned the post: “Happy birthday Beautiful girl!” He added lovingly: “I love you @sjdooley.” In celebration of her own birthday, Stacey shared a photo of herself as a child, wearing face paint with a mask. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT] Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [INSTAGRAM] Louise Minchin speaks out on stalking ordeal ahead of documentary [COMMENT] She captioned her post: “35. Feelin v v loved and v v lucky.” Stacey and Kevin began dating each other in 2018, months after they appeared on Strictly Come Dancing. Kevin has married twice in the past, one time with Strictly pro Karen Hauer. It wasn’t until he was paired professionally with Stacey that the two were able to achieve victory. It wasn’t until 2019 when the couple’s romance was formally announced. When not dancing, Stacey films documentary shows about issues such as child abuse in sweat shops or sex trafficking among young women. She told the Yorkshire Post about how difficult it can be to balance her personal life with work life. She said: "It was such a juxtaposition that I was in this semi-fancy restaurant. “There was laughing and cheering and people were half cut, and I just remember thinking, ‘All of those people are still in hospital really unwell and Kyle’s probably sat there in silence.“