Handing authority to unelected appointees and "aristocrats" is "by far the greatest threat to democracy in the UK", an online magazine argues. Spiked describes the very existence of the House of Lords as "an authoritarian imposition on democracy". The article read: "The second chamber has no other purpose than to stifle, limit and curtail the will of our elected representatives and, by extension, the will of the British people." Unelected peers in the chamber are not accountable to the people who they make the laws for, which the paper says "makes them dangerous". The House of Lord's representatives, who scrutinise bills that have been approved by the House of Commons, are decided by the Prime Minister and appointed by the Queen. READ MORE: Zelensky: British people are doing more to help us  Critics claim the Chamber may be too easy a route for Tory and Labour donors. It comes after unelected peers opposed the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill that has strict limits on rights to protest. Protests could be restricted, prevented or broken up if the police consider there to be a possibility that they might cause "unease", "alarm" or "distress". This includes silent protests and one-person protests. The Bill is being debated between the House of Commons and the House of Lords, with the main opponents being in the House of Lords. DON'T MISS: Rishi Sunak owns FOUR cars despite claiming he drives Volkswagen Golf [IN SIGHT]Boris fights inside battle as internal row delays energy security plan [COMMENT]Council tax rebate: How to get the £150 if you don't use direct debit [ANALYSIS] The Bill has overwhelming support in the House of Commons but unelected Lords have refused the protest elements of it twice. The Spiked piece comments: "This is a serious problem. And no matter how much we may dislike this bill, it is especially a problem for those of us who believe in freedom and democracy. Because the House of Lords’ attempts to put ‘checks and balances’ on parliament’s elected chamber, handing authority to unelected appointees and aristocrats in the process, is by far the greatest threat to democracy in the UK." It adds: "The second chamber has no other purpose than to stifle, limit and curtail the will of our elected representatives and, by extension, the will of the British people". 