Ukrainian outlet InformNapalm cites three "independent" sources to back up its claim that Russian President Vladimir Putin plans to use such a weapon to break through Ukraine's defence lines. It says Russia could target Kyiv and other cities in the war-torn country with the toxic nerve agent sarin. It comes as US officials warn that Russia's accusations Ukraine might use chemical weapons are in fact a lie and an indication Moscow may use them. President Joe Biden said on Thursday if Russia were to use chemical weapons in its invasion of Ukraine, the US would respond. InformNapalm said Mariupol, Kyiv, Mykolaiv, or other cities in Ukraine where Russian invasion forces have so far failed to break through Ukrainian defence lines, could be targeted. It added: "Our conclusions may sound premature or too apocalyptic, but after the missile attacks and bombing of civilian infrastructure in Ukraine, which the Russian army resorted to, we believe that it is necessary to make these data public and try to thwart any such intentions of Russia."  The volunteer-led outlet cited one source as reporting that on March 17 medical staff from the Main Directorate of the General Staff of the Russian Army handed over a nerve agent antidote to special operations forces. Officers received vials of Pralidoxime (2-PAM), the unverified claim said. This is used to treat poisoning with organophosphorus compounds, according to the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence. A second source cited by InformNapalm said that on March 20 Russian Army command personnel were given ampoules with Atropine, which is also known as an effective antidote against nerve agent poisoning. The final source said that on March 23 they spotted a truck of Russian invaders which appeared to be transporting caustic soda. This can reportedly be used to neutralise poisonous substances.   READ MORE ABOUT THE BOSS OF P&O'S ASTONISHING PAY According to the claim, the truck was moving through the Kherson region in the direction of the city of Mykolaiv. InformNapalm also said it has observed "worrying" media reports, including a number of Russian outlets citing statements from the head of the Russian NBCP troops, Lieutenant General Igor Kirillov, alleging there could be a leak of pathogens from a biological laboratory working on American orders in Kherson. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said in Brussels on Thursday there are ongoing concerns Russia may be trying to create a pretext for its own actions by accusing Ukraine and its allies of using chemical weapons. He said the accusations are a pretext for Russia to do the same, adding: "We've tried to be very clear about the gravity of the use of any such chemical weapons.   DON'T MISS: Tragedy as woman, 28, 'likely' after crashing car 'while eating KFC' [LATEST] Woman heartbroken as beloved pet dies after horror dog attack [REVEALED] British Summer Time start: Do the clocks go forward or back? [REPORT] "These are agents that should never be employed and certainly not on the battlefield, as we are concerned Russia might." The Kremlin said on Friday that US talk of Russia possibly resorting to chemical weapons in Ukraine was a tactic to divert attention away from awkward questions for Washington.   Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said any use of chemical, biological or nuclear weapons by Russia would be viewed with utter horror by world leaders. He added: "There is a visceral horror of the use of these weapons of mass destruction. "I think that if Putin were to engage in anything like that, the consequences would be very, very severe."  He continued: "I think it would be catastrophic for him if he were to do that, and I think that he understands that." Express.co.uk has not been able to verify any of the claims reported by InformNapalm. 