Thomas Markle has allegedly pledged to give evidence in support of his eldest daughter who claims Harry and Meghan made "false and malicious statements" about her. Since the lawsuit came to light, Mr Markle has once again spoken out about his Duchess daughter claiming he would be "more than happy" to support Samantha in her legal battle. The 77-year-old reportedly said he will be "thrilled" to defend his oldest daughter and see Meghan and "her ginger husband" in a courtroom. The controversial father rocked the boat in recent weeks after announcing he is starting his own YouTube channel. He is said to be using the platform on a weekly basis to broadcast his views on current affairs.  His comments about Meghan and Harry came on the debut episode of the show which he hosts alongside celebrity photographer Karl Larsen. Taking a swipe at his daughter on the first episode, he said "I would be more than happy to" support Samantha in the defamation battle against her younger sister. He said: "I’ve been trying for almost four years to get to see my daughter and her ginger husband in a courtroom face-to-face. I’d be thrilled to defend my oldest daughter.” Samantha is suing the Duchess of Sussex for $75,000 (£57,000) and demands that she pay her legal fees over claims she lied about her in the book and Oprah interview.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle warned by Royal chef she would have to pay for her meal According to documents obtained by TMZ, Samantha claimed in her lawsuit that Meghan’s comments have stopped her from gaining employment and contributed to plummeting book sales. Samantha's autobiography, The Diary of Princess Pushy's Sister, was released in 2021. Mr Markle said: “I’m standing up for my oldest daughter, Samantha. In this case, she should win because Meghan’s book was full of lies about her".  DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Prince Harry 'raises eyebrows' with latest move [INSIGHT]Queen health fears as monarch’s diary to be assessed [COMMENT]George's godmother says close bond is 'lovely way' of honouring Diana [ANALYSIS] He also said he would appear as a witness in the case if it came to it. Meghan's attorney Michael Kump said: “This baseless and absurd lawsuit is just a continuation of a pattern of disturbing behaviour. We will give it the minimum attention necessary, which is all it deserves.” Meghan's dad and half-sister have been outspoken about Meghan since she first began her relationship with Prince Harry in 2016.  