Tracey Connelly was locked up in 2009 for allowing the death of her son Peter Connelly who was found to have suffered over 50 injuries including a broken back, broken ribs, mutilated fingertips and missing fingernails. The mother found out today she will be released after three previous failed attempts to gain parole.  The 40-year-old was jailed in 2008 over the youngster's death after pleading guilty to causing or allowing the death of a child or vulnerable person. She had been released on a lifelong licence in 2013, but had been recalled to prison in 2015 following a breach of terms in which she had been selling naked pictures of herself online. Previous attempts at parole failed in 2015, 2017 and 2019. In a statement by the parole board, her release was confirmed: “After considering the circumstances of her offending and time on licence, the progress made while in custody, the evidence presented at the hearing and the recommendations of the witnesses, the panel was satisfied that Ms Connelly was suitable for release.” After the news broke, Mr Raab told the Commons: “In light of the Parole Board’s direction to release Tracey Connelly, I should inform the House that having carefully read the decision, I have decided to apply to the Parole Board to seek their reconsideration.”  Previous attempts at parole have seen Ms Connelly agree to strict terms. These included wearing an electronic tag, staying sober from alcohol, performing polygraph examinations, and informing officials of any new relationships she made outside of prison. Campaigners have long argued the wicked mother was released too early in the first place. The death of Baby P was made all the worse after shocking failings were discovered in which the child’s local council missed opportunities to save him. Multiple other occasions were also missed by health practitioners and officials in subsequent hospital visits to North London hospitals.  READ MORE:Inmates take swift revenge on tragic Arthur's 'evil' stepmother Steven Barker was jailed in 2009 for a minimum of 32 years for torturing the 17-month-old to death. Jason Owen was given a six-year jail sentence for allowing the toddler to die Barker, the former partner of Connelly, was also convicted for raping a girl aged two. DON'T MISS:Russian TV call for return of 'partner' Trump [REPORT]Putin's spies kicked out of Europe - blow for Russia [REVEAL]Putin humiliation as generals hide truth [INSIGHT] With news of the release of Ms Connelly from prison, public reaction has been strong against such a move. Taking to social media to condemn the move, Janis James said: “Anyone who could inflict such grievous harm cannot be ‘changed’.@  Should Connelly be given parole? Should Dominic Raab intervene to keep her in jail for life? Why have there been more failures since Baby P's death? (Arthur Labinjo-Hughes and Star Hobson, who suffered similar fates to Peter) - Let us know what you think by CLICKING HERE and joining the conversation in our comments section below - Every Voice Matters! Before the decision LBC’s Nick Ferrari challenged Justice Minister Dominic Raab over the issue, warning reforms made should stay in place. Writing on Twitter after the grilling, Mr Ferrari said: “Baby P had gashes to his head, a fractured shinbone, a ripped ear, blackened fingers and toes, missing fingernails, skin torn from his nose and mouth. “It wouldn't say much for your reforms if his mum came out, would it?” Mr Ferrari, live on air, asked Mr Raab: “Do you think she should be released?” To which Mr Raab replied: “I think you need to wait for the decision, and I’m always very careful to follow the rules. “We need to do this thing with integrity, we need to follow a rules-based approach, but my view on this is public protection needs to be put first.” 