The BBC has suffered a strong backlash over its coverage of the ongoing Russian war in Ukraine. Viewers wrote in en-masse to complain that prominent presenters like Nick Robinson and Victoria Derbyshire were giving pro-Vladimir Putin guests too much air time. Samira Ahmed, the host of the BBC right-of-reply programme Newswatch, said that a significant numbers of viewers were concerned that "too much air time has been devoted to guests defending the invasion". She pointed to two key examples of live interviews on the BBC this week. Earlier this week, Victoria Derbyshire interviewed a pro-Putin supporter in Moscow live on air, who denied that the Russian forces were killing innocent people in Ukraine. He said: "No-one is justifying the things that are not done. Russian armies are not killing innocent people." Ms Derbyshire shot back: "Come on this is nonsense! He has invaded a sovereign country and is killing innocent men, women and children." JUST IN: US intel warns UK 'in frontline' of Russia nuclear attack Similarly, Nick Robinson debated the war with a Russian MP on the Today programme. Mr Robinson asked what evidence Russia had that Ukraine was killing its own citizens, per the official Kremlin narrative. He said: "What evidence do you have that millions are fleeing and thousands are dying because a country is bombing its own citizens, it's preposterous!" One viewer Sylvia Fayers criticised the interview decision: "Please explain why you think it's right to keep giving Russian politicians air time when they are murdering children, women and men. "There is a time for balanced reporting and this is not it." Michael Glasper similarly raised concerns: "Nick Robinson is utterly dismantling any point she has to make but I don't understand the rationale behind having her on in the first place." Jamie Angus, the senior controller of BBC News Output, defended the coverage, telling Ms Ahmed: "I understand the concern. "We take this very seriously. We have no desire to give a disproportionate amount of air time to apologists for the Putin regime whose arguments are not based in reality. "But an incredibly important part of this story is to understand why the war has happened and you can't understand why the invasion has happened without understanding what Putin is telling his own people. "It is also relevant to put those voices on-air and expose them to the independent journalistic scrutiny they don't get in Russia. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: 'Catastrophic for Putin' Huge blow for Russia [LIVE BLOG]Sussex fans slammed for 'making up' claims about senior royals [VIDEO]Russia 'doesn't understand trouble it's in' as Ukraine secures weapons [INSIGHT] Other viewers also praised the presenters for how they handled the guests and challenged their claims. John F Murray wrote: "Well done Nick, good to challenge utter nonsense from the Russian regime." Another viewer named Chris tweeted: "Well done to Victoria for handling that live interview with that brainwashed Russian." Later in the programme, Mr Angus said that the BBC would not join a military embed with the Russian military in Ukraine amid concerns over editorial independence.