The Last Kingdom has taken the world by storm after its final season arrived on Netflix. The historical TV drama left fans feeling emotional as they said goodbye to some beloved characters. Alexander Dreymon will reprise his role as Uhtred of Bebbanburg one last time, and viewers are keen to find out more about him. The Last Kingdom star has been sharing some emotional updates with fans after the release of the show's final outing. He revealed filming for the Netflix movie, Seven Kings Must Die, has now also come to an end. Hanging up Uhtred's armour one last time, he said he had been immersed in Uhtred's life for almost eight years. The 39-year-old actor has become a household name following his portrayal of the main protagonist. Fans are keen to find out more about the star, who was born in February 1983. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon celebrates milestone He was born Alexander Doetsch in Germany but spent his life travelling the world. Dreymon grew up in the United States, France, and Switzerland. Knowing he always wanted to be an actor, he trained in useful skills such as martial arts. Whilst living in South Dakota, he learned how to ride horses. The actor also spent time studying in Paris, before moving to the Drama Centre London. The star lives in Los Angeles, California where he is focusing on his acting career. Dreymon told Flaunt: "I don’t feel like an allegiance from one particular place. "I do live in LA and I have for the past [few] years. "I’ve moved around so much and LA. is the place I see myself living. "There’s an openness of people and willingness.” DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom historical accuracy: Did Uhtred rule over Runcorn? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom: Why Aelswith was the 'forgotten' lady of Wessex [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INTERVIEW] Before he became known for his role in The Last Kingdom, the actor starred in Christopher and His Kind and American Horror Story: Coven. He appeared in theatre roles in London and Paris before making his screen debut. His first TV role was in the French one-off drama Ni reprise, ni échangée. Dreymon later worked on a number of independent films in the US. For the final season of The Last Kingdom, the star made his directorial debut. He said filming from the other side of the camera was an eye-opening experience. The star added: "There’s just no way of knowing the breadth of the director’s responsibilities and what it means to carry the weight of that unless you do it. "And I thought I knew, but I really had no idea. "It gave me even more honour and respect for that part of our world. "It made me want to help the directors that I’m working with even more than before."  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now and filming has finished on Seven Kings Must Die.