British and US intelligence said the 40 mile-long convoy, seen heading towards the capital, has been stalled by a combination of Ukraine's fierce pushback and logistical problems. Ukraine citizens have been bracing for a savage attack on Kyiv and a bloody siege by Russian forces for days now as satellite imagery showed the convoy making its way to the country's capital. Russian troops have been advancing slowly on the capital city of nearly three million people since the assault on Ukraine began last week. However, the convoy has shown little sign of movement over recent days as the armoured vehicles appear to be getting stuck in the mud. In an intelligence update on Thursday morning, the UK Ministry of Defence said the fleet had made "little discernible progress in over three days" and remains more than 30km from Kyiv.  Images circulating online show Russian tanks and missile systems defeated by the country's muddy terrain and abandoned by the troops. Other images appear to show the Russians placing trees under the vehicle's wheels to keep them out of the sludge. Once the snow begins to melt in spring, the fields in Ukraine become like a quagmire and travel on unpaved roads or across country becomes very difficult. The Russians call this phenomenon - which happens in spring and autumn - 'Rasputitsa', and seems to be what is causing the convoy's delay in reaching Kyiv. READ MORE: PM: Turn back your tanks and take the path to peace Trent Teletenko, a former US Department of defence civil servant who had responsibility for helping audit army vehicles, said poor maintenance of the vehicles could also be contributing. Russia's huge Pantisir missile system appeared to have been abandoned by troops after becoming bogged down in the mud and had lost several of its tyres. Mr Teletenko told the Telegraph: “No one exercised that vehicle for one year”. If the Russian Army Pantsir-S1 was not being properly maintained, then it is unlikely other military vehicles were, he said. He said the trucks must be regularly checked for leaks and infestations and moved and turned over every month. Direct sunlight also ages truck tyres. DON'T MISS: Chilling footage shows Russian army aim rifles and tanks at ITV crew [VIDEO]'Russian tanks' being sold on eBay for thousands [INSIGHT]Huge convoys of Putin's tanks reduced to rubble [COMMENT] It's believed Russian troops are lowering the pressure in their vehicle's tyres to attempt to drive through the muddy fields. Mr Teletenko said: “When you leave military truck tyres in one place for months on end the side walls get rotted/brittle such that using low tire pressure setting for any appreciable distance will cause the tyres to fail catastrophically via rips”. He said the Russian Army was "too corrupt" to maintain and exercise its vehicles properly, and in this case, were unsuitable to be driven off road. Mr Teletenko added: “Given the demonstrated levels of corruption in truck maintenance. There is no way in hell that there are enough tires in the Russian army logistical system". 