Visceral fat is found deep inside your body, wrapped around key abdominal organs. While excess fat of any kind can be dangerous for your health, visceral fat can significantly increase the risk of a number of serious medical issues. An unhealthy diet is one of the leading contributors to visceral fat, but how can the right foods reverse a buildup of these fatty deposits? Dr Rachel Ward told Express.co.uk: “Visceral fat is fat within your abdomen and around organs such as your liver, pancreas and intestine. “We know that having high levels of visceral fat is associated with an increased risk of a number of diseases including type 2 diabetes, high cholesterol, high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease. “There are no quick fixes for reducing visceral fat. "It's the classic combination of regular exercise and a healthy diet that will reduce your visceral fat but it really is worth the input.” According to a study conducted by researchers at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center, soluble fibre is the key food group to focus on to cut down visceral fat- and these are the best items to eat.  READ MORE: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline These rich berries are full of natural antioxidants like catechins which help to activate the body’s fat-burning genes in belly-fat cells. Polyphenols are another key compound found in these sweet berries which can work to prevent further fat forming. A study from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign found that eating one avocado a day can help to reabsorb stubborn belly fat. The results revealed that women who consumed a fresh avocado every day saw a reduction in visceral fat and an improvement in the ratio between visceral and subcutaneous belly fat in as little as 12 weeks.  Packed with soluble fibre, legumes such as beans and lentils should be a staple ingredient in every meal to combat visceral fat. Whether you’re adding them to a salad or blending them up into a soup, there are plenty of ways to incorporate legumes into your daily diet. According to Kara Landau, founder at Uplift Food, lupini beans are one of the most delicious ways to reduce harmful visceral fat while satisfying your hunger. Kara said: “Lupini beans are a low net carbohydrate, high prebiotic fibre, and high protein legume that do not spike blood sugar levels, which in turn assists with reducing fat storage and preventing weight gain around the waist.” Other fat-fighting legumes include: DON'T MISS:Visceral fat: The diet that could slash abdominal cravings by 60% [INSIGHT]Visceral fat: The sleep disorder connected to the belly fat [REVEAL]Visceral fat: The fruit you can shown to reduce belly fat [ANALYSIS]  While Brussels sprouts are not everyone’s favourite vegetable, they are one of the best foods to eat to target stubborn visceral fat. According to the medically accredited website Healthline, Brussels sprouts are filled with soluble fibre, a key ingredient for reducing deep-rooted fatty deposits. If you’re not keen on sprouts, make a conscious effort to include other cruciferous vegetables into your diet.These include: Eating excessive carbohydrates is not recommended if you’re looking to reduce your body fat content, but oats are the one exception. This unique whole grain is incredibly healthy thanks to the high levels of vitamins, minerals and antioxidants found in these small soft flakes. Oats are particularly high in one specific type of fibre known as oat beta-glucan - a powerful ingredient to aid visceral fat loss. Mix oats with blackberries and flax seeds for a soluble-fibre packed breakfast to start your day the right way.