Rafael Nadal has played down his chances for his Indian Wells semi-final match as he branded his opponent Carlos Alcaraz "unstoppable". The 18-year-old beat defending champion Cameron Norrie to become the youngest semi-finalist at the BNP Paribas Open, and the world No 4 has now admitted his fellow Spaniard reminds him of himself at that age. Nadal is undefeated so far this season, winning all 19 matches he has played this year in a career-best start. He picked up titles in Melbourne, Acapulco and a record 21st Grand Slam title at the Australian Open, and is now two matches away from winning his fourth title of 2022 and fourth Indian Wells trophy. Standing between the world No 4 and his fourth final of the year is 18-year-old Carlos Alcaraz, a sensational young talent many have likened to Nadal himself. The world No 19 is into his first-ever Masters 1000 semi-final and became the youngest man to make the last-four in Indian Wells since Andre Agassi in 1988. After countless comparisons with Nadal, the man himself has now admitted Alcaraz reminds him of his younger self. "I think he is unstoppable in terms of his career," the 35-year-old said ahead of his second career meeting with the teenager, downplaying his chances of winning this time around. JUST IN: Russian tennis star sends message to UK Government "He’s a good guy and [reminds] me a lot of things like when I was 17 or 18 years old kid," he added. It's a huge comparison, with Nadal winning his first Grand Slam when he was just 19 years of age at the French Open in his debut at the tournament. And the 91-time title winner admitted he had high expectations of his young successor, claiming earlier in the week that Alcaraz would go on to reach the top of the game. "Carlos is a great guy and he is a potential No 1 player and multi-Grand Slam winner without a doubt, no? So it’s great that in Spain we have a player like him," Nadal said. "The only thing I can do is wish him the best things possible because he will be fantastic for our sport if he is able to achieve amazing things for this sport." DON'T MISSRoger Federer offers first glimpse of tennis return following surgeryKyrgios tracks down ball boy to gift his racket after Nadal incidentDjokovic's six-year frustration to go on amid tournament chief doubts  Their one previous meeting came on Alcaraz's 18th birthday last year at the Madrid Open. The teenager broke Nadal's record as the youngest match winner of the tournament from back in 2004 when he defeated Adrian Mannarino in the first round but won just three games as Nadal beat him 6-1 6-2 a round later. The winner of their semi-final will face the winner of another clash between Andrey Rublev and Taylor Fritz in Sunday's final. If the 18-year-old can beat his idol, he will become the youngest finalist in Indian Wells history.