Staying at the Half Moon Inn, pony trekking with the legendary Trevor in Capel-y-ffin, I was whirled into an enchanting world I thought only existed in books. It was the beginning of a life-long infatuation. When I presented the Jeremy Vine Show from the Hay-on-Wye Literary Festival I brandished my copy of Norah O'Flanigan Prefect by Maude S Forsey, purchased for sixpence from one of its second-hand bookshops 42 years earlier. I worship the land of Dylan Thomas but I've never adored Wales more passionately than I do today. Now Wales has said a mighty "no" to all smacking of all children for any reason whatsoever. The edict applies to visitors too. So if you are planning a spot of camping in a Welsh glade don't bother to book if you can't control your urge to clout your offspring. The NSPCC has condemned all physical chastisement of children for many years. Its experts say raising a hand to a youngster is confusing, intimidating and never justified. The "I love you, that's why I'm giving you a clip around the earhole" argument is nonsensical. If an adult can't get their head around it, imagine how confusing it must seem to a nine-year-old. Obviously some folk guard their right to smack their children. I hear from many of them on my radio show. They usually cite the "run into a busy road/stick their finger in the plug socket" examples. In those circumstances, they opine, a parent can't waste time reasoning with an infant and only a smack will do. In vain I suggest their parental duty includes making sure their children don't veer so perilously close to danger. How much better to put protection guards on plugs and hold hands near roads rather than feel the best option is to strike? Listeners also say: "My father used to beat me with his belt on a Friday night and it didn't do me any harm." My question, often silent, is: "How do you know?" Where Wales leads, let the rest of us swiftly follow. OVER the last six years I've interviewed Richard Ratcliffe countless times. He is polite, shy and understated, an accountant who couldn't imagine anything more awful than becoming a public figure. He is also an outstanding example of a human being who transcended his own retiring nature to keep his falsely imprisoned wife Nazanin in the headlines, and ultimately shame the British Government into paying our outstanding £400 million debt and bringing her home. Much has been written about potential PTSD and how inordinately difficult it will be for the couple to adjust to daily life with their seven-year-old daughter Gabriella after six years of suffering apart. Of course there will be a period of acclimatisation but my money is on this courageous and compassionate couple making a magnificent go of it. WHO knows who came up with the inspired plan to lend Unicef ambassador David Beckham's Instagram account, complete with 70 million followers, to a young paediatric anaesthetist called Iryna in Kharkiv? Frankly, who cares? It's a brilliant way to let the world witness in real-time the atrocities inflicted on the innocent people of Ukraine. The medium is uniquely intimate. No sooner has a wounded child been admitted or a traumatised parent been treated than followers anywhere in the world can see the anguish unfurl in real time. Anyone who dismissed social media as superficial must appreciate the immediacy of this newsfeed. Without interpretation or interruption, this stark immersion in Ukrainian reality is horrifying beyond measure. WHAT is the secret of Princess Anne's supersonic energy? She's 71 and shows no sign of winding down. Her daughter Zara reveals her mum keeps a snack in her capacious handbag to stoke her stamina. What is it? Mind-bogglingly, it's a couple of kiwi fruit. How she manages to tuck into these hairy orbs while on royal duty is a mystery. Apples and bananas are easy to munch. Surely the no-nonsense Princess doesn't simply bite into a kiwi without peeling it first? If she does peel the things, how does she manage it on the move, without dribbling green juice all over her suit? Maybe it's a superpower. SHOULD the BBC lasso Hugh Grant and force him to play Dr Who? There can hardly be a soul in the land who would answer in the negative. Hugh, left, was born to play the Doctor. He combines venerability and vulnerability. He looks phenomenal in a knitted scarf. He is adorable and wickedly humorous - precisely what is needed to rescue the series from a surfeit of wokeness as it approaches its 60th year. The bosses should beg, borrow or steal him. No one else on earth would grace the Tardis with such elan. -------------- WHICH leaves you more aghast: the throwing of a roll at Dame Joan Collins as she ate lunch at the Chelsea Arts Club, or the excruciatingly class-ridden reporting of the debacle? Actually, Nancy Mitford of "U and Non-U" fame, as well as her acolytes, would be disgusted at the description of said baked sustenance as a "bread roll". Nothing is more vulgar than tautology. Thus the crème de la crème wouldn't countenance calling riding "horse riding". What else, pray, would you be riding - a giraffe? Similarly, from what else but bread would you fashion a roll? It's unforgivably common to prefix it with the word "bread". Just saying.