The Last Kingdom season five is the final instalment in the historical drama and fans will be heartbroken to see the series end. However, the TV adaptation of The Saxon Stories will be followed by a Netflix film, bringing Uhtred's (played by Alexander Dreymon) story to a close. The final season is set a few years ahead of the season four finale and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The Last Kingdom season five is made up of 10 episodes and it will include some huge twists in Uhtred's fate. Years have passed since the Winchester siege and King Edward (Timothy Innes) is still determined to unite England as one kingdom. Aethelstan (Harry Gilby) is now a teenager under the watchful eye of Uhtred and he faces huge threats. Meanwhile, Brida (Emily Cox) is ready to get her revenge on Uhtred for abandoning her when she needed him the most. The trailer shows Brida standing next to her daughter, whom she was just giving birth to at the end of the fourth season. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Bresal? Although it is hard to predict her exact age, it looks as if she is around 10 or 11 years old. This means at least a decade has passed since the Winchester siege, when Uhtred let Brida go free. Some of the season four characters have been recast to reflect their ages and the huge time jump. Aethelstan was just a boy in the previous season and he was played by Caspar Griffiths. His half-brother, Aelfweard (Marcell Zsolt Halmy), is now played by Ewan Horrocks for the final season. Similarly, Aethelflaed's (Millie Brady) daughter Aelfwynn (Helena Albright), is now played by Phia Saban. Uhtred actor Dreymon discussed how his character has evolved since the time jump. He said: "Throughout the whole series he struggles with his identity. "In season five he finally has the opportunity to bring that to a close, but I think the biggest arc we can see in him, is that at the beginning of season one it’s really all about him. "By the time we get to season five, his focus is completely on the people around him. On the people he loves." DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Eadgifu? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is new character Constantin? [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom season 5: Will Uhtred lose his children to Brida? [INSIGHT] In the trailer Uhtred is heard declaring how Brida is coming for his bloodline. His son Young Uhtred (Finn Elliot) is seen walking towards his father with blood between his legs. In the books, Brida castrates Young Uhtred and it seems she carries out the horrifying act in the series. His other child, Stiorra (Ruby Hartley) left to be with the Viking warlord Sigtryggr (Eysteinn Sigurðarson) and the end of the latest season. Hartley opened up about how her character has developed for the final outing. She said: "By the end of season four she’s gaining more and more confidence, she stands up to Uhtred. "She gets what she wants, and she gets to go with Sigtryggr and then I think this season, she’s just really secure in who she is in herself now. "I think where we find her at the start of the season, she’s just grown in confidence and then obviously things go a bit south. "But even when that happens although she does go slightly off the rails, she always stays so true to herself and what she thinks is right and she’s never afraid to say that."   The Last Kingdom season 5 airs on Netflix on March 9.