Vladimir Putin has moved his family to a Siberian underground city designed to survive a nuclear war, a Russian professor claimed this morning. Professor Valery Solovey, a political scientist, claimed the hi-tech bunker is located in the Altai Mountains. He is known for his colourful predictions, and has previously alleged Putin is secretly suffering from an illness hidden from the Russian population. He was interrogated for seven hours by Russian authorities last week amid claims he made about the Russian President’s medical and mental state on a Telegram site he operates, the Daily Mail reports. His latest claim comes as the Kremlin warns Kyiv residents of imminent attacks on technology centres in the Ukrainian capital, and also places nuclear deterrent forces on “special alert”. Putin, who appears determined to break from the status quo in Europe, has raised the prospect of nuclear war to levels not seen since the Cold War period. Cabinet papers from throughout the Cold War, detailed in the 1962 Cabinet Office War Book ‒ the same year as the Cuban Missile Crisis ‒ and released under the 50-year rule, revealed Government plans in the event of a nuclear war. The papers reveal civil servants would have manned Government bunkers, emergency legislation would have been passed and hospitals were to be emptied of all but the most acutely ill. All TV was to close down and the BBC would have begun a wartime service on the radio. READ MORE: Ukraine battlefield 'transformed' by 2,000 British anti-tank weapons The Prime Minister at the time, Harold Macmillan, would have been taken to a bunker under the Cotswolds, but there were no plans in place to evacuate civilians. Some previous plans had also been unveiled — including the scripts that would have been broadcast by the BBC in the event of a nuclear attack — but Macmillan’s Government was leaving nothing to chance. The UK would have been divided into 12 regions, with each governed by Cabinet ministers and aided by senior military officers, chief constables and judges, all based in bunkers. The main Government bunker, called the Central Government War Headquarters, is a 35-acre complex built 37 metres (120 feet) underground in a former Bath stone quarry in the Wiltshire countryside. The complex could have accommodated up to 4,000 people in complete isolation from the outside world for up to three months. It was equipped with canteens, hospitals, kitchens and laundries, as well as an underground lake and treatment plant able to provide drinking water. Civil servants would only be allowed to be put through to the secret bunkers if they used the codeward ‘orangeade’. The war book is believed to have been the basis of regular exercises by senior civil servants. Sir David Ormand, a former civil servant, took part in the exercises in the Nineties. He told The Guardian in 2009: “My favourite measure, the one which always aroused a lot of debate … was the introduction of censorship for private correspondence. DON'T MISS:Putin crumbling as troops reject war and oligarchs seek 'revenge' [QUOTES]'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship [NEW]Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [WATCH] “You can imagine that was something that ministers would only agree to right at the very end, when it was clear that war was inevitable.” David Young, a former Ministry of Defence civil servant, also took part in the exercises. He told the Today programme in 2009 that ministers were advised against taking part. He said: “They would be disinclined to play by the rules. “Some of them quite liked talking, so you’d get behind time and there would be a fear that if they showed a reluctance to do what the military believed was necessary, that this would weaken deterrence.” As nuclear war fears rise around the ongoing threat posed by Vladimir Putin, experts are attempting to pour cold water on such concerns. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace told BBC Breakfast yesterday: “This is predominantly about Putin putting it on the table just to remind people, remind the world, that he has a deterrent.” Professor Malcolm Chalmers, deputy director general of the Royal United Services Institute, told PA that he thinks the threat of nuclear war is “unlikely”. He said: “Because any use of nuclear weapons would open up such a Pandora’s box, and the possibility of escalation to the use of more nuclear weapons once one country has used them, the pressure on other nuclear weapon states to use them in response would be very considerable… the Russians understand that and so do the west. So it’s a paradox.” Russia is believed to have the largest stockpile of nuclear warheads in the world, with minimally more than NATO’s entire combined tally. Ukraine has no nuclear weapons despite Putin’s unfounded accusations that they do.