Residents in sheltered housing blocks in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire, have complained about the noise, which they say keeps them awake at night. One 87-year-old woman, who has lived in Curzon Court for several years, said: "It wakes me up all the time. There are comings and goings and the music is loud. People round here just want a quiet time." Oliver Freeston, a Conservative councillor for the Croft Baker ward, said residents have complained about rap music being played into the early hours. The 22-year-ol politician told Grimsby Live: "This blocks of apartments at Curzon and Solomon have traditionally been for older people. The loud music and partying are things that should not be happening. "At this stage in their lives the residents deserve peace and having to hear rap from Digga D, Dave, Stormzy or Dizzee Rascal in the early hours is not on." "My mission is to speak with Lincolnshire Housing Partnership to find out why this is happening. They are not part of North East Lincolnshire Council and need to take a tough approach if there are people living or visiting here when they are not supposed to so the residents can be protected. "My main concern is that if my grandma was living with this I would want to see something done about it. But it only takes one bad egg to blight everyone living nearby. I appreciate there is a housing shortage is parts of the borough but common sense should be used to prevent someone disrupting the peace. "I am 22 years old and always remember this area as sheltered accommodation. I shall be asking whether there has been a change of policy to permit younger people to live in these flats or whether it is a question of enforcement and if there is a procedure in place to vet people before they come to live here."   A spokesman for Lincolnshire Housing Partnership said: "As a Customer First organisation, we take the concern of residents at Curzon Court and Solomon Court seriously. "Currently, we have no records of nuisance behaviour reports for either scheme. We do have housing and ASB teams that would look into such reports, and they would be happy to investigate any specific details. "Both schemes are earmarked for residents over 50. There has been no change in policy. We do occasionally let to customers below the 50-plus age bracket, when they demonstrate a very specific need for such properties, i.e., adaptations. We haven't accommodated anyone under 50 in these blocks in the last 12 months. "If any customers or ward councillors have any concerns, our teams encourage them to get in touch with us, either by emailing info@lincolnshirehp.com or calling 0345 604 1472."  