Stacey Solomon, 32, has explained her feelings about her son Zachary Solomon as he turns 14. The star said that she spends every year on Zach’s birthday crying. Stacey gave birth to Zachary in 2008, when the singer was aged 17. The star shares her son with ex-boyfriend Dean Cox. She explained on the Instagram story feature that she never imagined Zachary would turn out to be a “real life angel.” Stacey uploaded the story in full view of her 5.1 million followers READ NOW: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. She said: “The truth is every year on Zachy’s birthday I spend most of the day welling up. “When I got pregnant at 17 I could never have imagined that a real life angel would be born into my life. “Pushing me to try my hardest, never give up and always supporting me through everything. She said that having Zachary was “the biggest privilege” she could have imagined. Stacey continued: “Zachary it wasn’t a coincidence. “You are so special and every year with you has been the biggest privilege I could have ever imagined.” Earlier today, the star also released a similar birthday message to her son on her main account. The post was a compilation video showing Zach over time as he grew up. DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE] The message read: “Happy Birthday Zachary. “I could never have comprehended the light and love you would bring. “At 17 years old the things they said about us, what they didn’t know was that you were my beginning, my reason, my sole purpose to get up and do my absolute best. “And you’ve been by my side ever since. It would never have turned out this way without you. “Zachary I’m so proud of the man you are becoming and the kind, caring, amazing person that you are. We did it Zachy. 14 years my darling boy. “To the moon and back forever & always Joe Swash also commented thanking Zach for being “such a special man” and adding “we love you.” Stacey’s Loose Women co-star Nadia Sawalha also gave her happy birthday wishes to Zachary.