Outlander had been away from the small screen for the past two years so when it made a comeback last month, fans were more than delighted. Each series of the Starz period drama follows the plot of an Outlander book by Diana Gabaldon with the sixth season being no different. Based on Breath of Snow and Ashes, this new series saw a few new additions to the small community. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Outlander. Tom (played by Mark Lewis Jones), Allan (Alexander Vlahos) and Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) moved to Fraser's Ridge for a fresh start. Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) had already met Tom while they were imprisoned at Ardsmuir for their part during the Jacobite Rising of 1745. While the Scotsman didn't trust Tom, Jamie and Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) still welcomed the family to their home with open arms. Very early on, Malva seemed to have looked upon Claire as a kind of mother figure, eager to work as her medical assistant. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' But in the series, Malva's real mum Mona is nowhere to be seen with Tom referring to her as a witch whenever he can. He shows a great dislike for the woman throughout the drama which is explained in both the book and drama. Tom was married to Malva's mum, with Allan being their legitimate son. When he went to Ardsmuir prison, Monda and their young boy went to live with Tom's brother Edgar and his wife Darla. Mona had an affair with Edgar and gave birth to Malva as Tom remained behind bars. Since Mona and Tom were still married though, he became her putative father. As Malva turned two years old, Mona ended up murdering Edgar but she did not go unpunished for the crime. Mona was sentenced to hang, leaving both Allan and Malva in the care of their aunt. DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [ROYAL]Outlander's Marsali star lands huge new role away from Starz drama  [CAST]Outlander season 6: Sam Heughan opens on ‘unsettling’ return to set [EXPLAINER] After Ardsmuir ceased functioning as a prison, Tom was transported to America as an indentured servant. According to the books, it was here that he came across a Mr Everett who recognised that Tom was a man of learning so had him act as a schoolmaster to his children. Allan and Malva remained with their aunt until Tom was able to send for his children to join him, while still carrying out his service. Tom continued to look after Malva like a daughter but not without raising a hand to her from time to time. Outlander season six will continue on Sunday, March 20, on Starz and Starzplay. The synopsis for the third episode which is called Temperance, reads: "Fergus worries about his new son’s quality of life when the baby is bullied by superstitious Protestants. "Claire performs surgery on Tom’s hand." Outlander season 6 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.