When Cage rolled on to the silver screen as Johnny Blaze in 2007 it was a revelation for Marvel fans. The character was dark, brooding, literally enveloped in hellfire, and a stark departure from the plucky and bright Spider-Man (which starred Tobey Maguire, at the time). Now, with the established Marvel Cinematic Universe bringing in a number of the legacy characters back to the big screen, Cage has spoken out on his position in it all. Cage has been enjoying a revitalisation of his career in recent years. He has starred in a number of cult classics including Mandy, Willy's Wonderland, Pig and Prisoners of the Ghostland. Next month his latest meta-commentary movie, The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent, hits cinemas, further proving that Cage is bigger than cinema in some ways. But, after his Ghost Rider franchise was cancelled back in 2011, he has steered clear of the growing comic book movie industry. The 58-year-old has now broken his silence on returning to the flaming motorcycle. In a new interview, he was asked if he was "tempted" to rejoin the MCU. He replied: "These are hot topics, and I get it, because these are the types of things that become like wildfire on the internet." (Via The Hollywood Reporter) Cage was likely keen not to reveal anything too soon, however, so he tiptoed around the topic a little. "I’ve always admired the realm of the comic book," he said. "And I’ve always thought stories were really colourful and entertaining and, frankly, kind of wholesome in a really positive way." He even took a hit at onlookers who have criticised the growing comic book movie franchises. The Face/Off actor added: "I don’t know what the umbrage is with people that want to knock them." However, he would not give fans any definitive answer in whether he'd return to the character in the future. READ MORE: Star Wars new trilogy: Marvel hero 'joins series as Sith Empress' Cage continued: "I certainly think there’s great value in that they’re bringing happiness to people." The star's recent interview tone differs greatly from the comments he made back in 2018 about the response to his sequel, Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance. The movie bombed at the box office - earning just $130 million on a $75 million budget - but Cage claimed that was down to the PG13 rating of the film. He said: "The problem is, it’s very hard to take a family of children to a movie — and they made it a PG13 movie — about a superhero who, oh, by the way, also happens to have sold his soul to Satan. So it’s not going to be the most commercial concept or vehicle." DON'T MISS...Star Wars new trilogy: Marvel hero 'joins series as Sith Empress' [CASTING NEWS]Disney Investors Day: How to watch in UK – Marvel, Star Wars news? [INVESTORS DAY]Next James Bond: Marvel actor was denied 007 opportunity after pitch [INFO] Cage added that, despite its monetary problems, he really enjoyed the concept of the movie series. He said: "It certainly is the most interesting, and the most thought-provoking. I think if you look back on the movies today, they age well. Had Ghost Rider been made in R-rated format, the way they had the guts to do with Deadpool, and they did it again today, I’m fairly certain it would be enormously successful. Having said that, I still think the movies were a hit." In May Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits cinema screens and will likely reintroduce not only Sir Patrick Stewart as Professor X, but also a new Fantastic Four. With the added rumours that Tobey Maguire will reprise his role as Spider-Man, there is certainly some room for Cage's return as well. And considering his love for the source material, he might be more open to it than fans expect. The Ghost Rider films are available on Netflix. SOURCE