Russia has roughly $132billion (£100billion) in gold reserves, which Putin has reportedly been stockpiling since 2014 in anticipation of Western sanctions over Russia’s aggression towards Ukraine. G7 leaders announced on Thursday that they were cracking down on Russia’s gold reserves in an attempt to stop Putin from exploiting this “lifeline''. Existing sanctions imposed by the West already prevent Russia from trading its gold with Western countries, particularly the sanctions on Russia’s Central Bank. Edoardo Saravalle, a sanctions expert at Columbia University in New York, explained that the Russian leader had been stockpiling gold since the US applied sanctions on the country in 2014 following the annexation of Crimea. He said Putin has long planned to use gold to try to prop up the economy as it becomes increasingly isolated from global financial systems, creating a so-called “fortress Russia”. He told Express.co.uk: “Putin had spent the time between 2014 and the invasion preparing himself to withstand Western sanctions. “And one of the things he did was limit exposure to the dollar and accumulate foreign exchange reserves to be ready, and gold was part of it. “Russia was a huge buyer of gold for many years, but it wasn’t just about accumulating gold, but also locating the gold in Russia. “All these things were meant to prepare Russia for some kind of sanctions.” Putin appears to have followed the example of Venezuela’s former president Hugo Chavez, who repatriated 160 tonnes of gold reserves from Europe in 2011. The move has been viewed as critical to allowing Chavez’s successor, Nicolas Maduro, to hold onto power in the face of crippling US sanctions levelled at his regime since 2014. As Western countries tightened sanctions on Caracas in the years since, the Venezuelan financial system has become increasingly isolated from the global economy. The US imposed sanctions on Venezuela’s central bank in 2019, blocking Maduro from engaging in traditional gold operations such as selling gold in the London gold market or temporarily ‘swapping’ bullion for more liquid foreign exchange. However, Maduro was able to harness the country’s gold wealth by reportedly transporting tonnes of physical gold around the world to sell in unregulated markets, including in Uganda, the United Arab Emirates and other locations. The country’s gold reserves have therefore provided a lifeline, with Maduro’s government selling the gold in “illicit markets” as a way of obtaining currency. Mr Saravalle explained: “Gold is theoretically more flexible in that it's a physical asset you can move. “In the Venezuela case, they physically loaded it onto a plane, went to Africa and sold it, so it is certainly still a potential lifeline.” READ MORE: WW3 'realistic': Global conflict fears erupt as Putin's attack spirals However, experts claim that such illicit sales of gold would not be enough to support Russia as it continues to escalate its attacks on Ukraine, where Putin has been accused of targeting civilians and committing war crimes. Mr Saravalle explained: “There's a reason that's not how most countries manage their economies day today. It's a pretty inflexible and slow process.” Jan Lepeu, a sanctions expert from the European University Institute, said: “Increasing the gold reserves was clearly a page taken from Chevez’s playbook, but much like in the case of Venezuela, it’s unlikely to be a silver bullet. “The Russian case, like the Venezuela one, has shown that there is only so much you can do to mitigate the impact of sanctions in a world in which the USD and the western markets remain the bedrock of the international financial system.” Putin could still look to sell gold in other markets to attempt to prop up the country’s faltering economy. Mr Saravalle explained: “Gold has in the past been used to attempt to evade sanctions. In general, it is a potential means because it's physical so it can be under government control and it is relatively fungible. So there are ways it is a potential way to evade sanctions.” DON'T MISS:'How could I be anti-Russian?!' Boris lashes out at Putin [BREAKING]Ukraine War LIVE: Putin 'at risk of coup' after 40,000 troops lost [LIVE]World Trade Organisation rejects Belarus’ application [LATEST] “The fastest way sanctions have an effect is through the financial system because banks have historically faced large fines for not complying with sanctions, and so are extremely receptive to Western sanctions. “So because gold kind of sits outside of this banking system, it's always an enticing way to try to avoid sanctions.” However, Western sanctions have not only cut Russia off from a huge proportion of potential buyers for its gold, but also drastically reduced the price Putin could sell his reserves at as many countries now view trade with Russia as off-limits. Mr Saravalle explained: “There is a potential market, but part of the problem is that even though the market is there, Russia has a relatively weak bargaining position, so it would likely have to sell the gold at a discount. “So in that sense it wouldn't be as much of a lifeline just because it doesn't have particular strength going into a sale transaction as a negotiating partner.” He added: “I think it would help but I don't think it would be enough, especially in the short term. “So much of the impact of the sanctions has come from the fact that they have been put on very quickly and by a lot of different people, which have led to a kind of tidal wave on the Russian economy. “And in the tidal wave scenario, using that gold is not going to be fast-acting enough. Over time it might be different, but I would say in the short term, it won't be particularly helpful.”