Russia is set to appeal FIFA's decision to ban the country from international football. The governing body made the decision earlier this week after Moscow sent its troops into Ukraine. The Russian Football Union will take its case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. Russia's suspension from international football means the country will likely be excluded from this year's World Cup in Qatar. However, FIFA was condemned for its initial decision to allow Russia to play, but under the name of Russian Football Union and at a neutral venue. UEFA has moved the Champions League final, which will take place in May, to Paris having initially planned to hold the game in St Petersburg. Spartak Moscow were also removed from the Europa League with RB Leipzig advancing to the quarter-finals. Conservative MP Damian Green tells Express.co.uk that FIFA and its president Gianni Infantino have become too "enmeshed" with the Russian regime. In 2019, Putin presented Mr Infantino with a state award for his role in making the 2018 tournament possible. Mr Green said: "I think Infantino is a symbol of the problem of how FIFA has become enmeshed with this Russian regime. "I think it's not just Infantino but the whole of FIFA has become too enmeshed with Russia. "You can also see that elsewhere in football – Gazprom is the main sponsor of the Champions League – that is pretty embarrassing. "There is too much Russian money washing around football and there comes a time when people in FIFA will have to make brave decisions which will mean there is less money around." After this interview, UEFA ended its partnership with Gazprom. The decision to award the World Cup to Russia in 2018 was a controversial one, and Mr Green believes the move has damaged football's reputation. He added: "I think that there have been questions about Putin for many years, certainly before the 2018 World Cup in Russia. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russians as youth coach killed  "Regimes will try to use sports to make themselves more popular with their people, people like hosting big sporting events. "It was a coup for Putin to get the World Cup, and you can see now that the long term impact on football is very bad." In April 2020, US prosecutors alleged that FIFA officials received bribes to vote for Russia to host the 2018 World Cup. Russia has always denied any wrongdoing, and the country's bid was effectively cleared by Fifa's own investigation in 2017. English football has also been impacted by the Russia-Ukraine crisis. Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich confirmed on Wednesday that he wants to sell the club. DON'T MISS UEFA lauded for swift action against Russia while FIFA criticised [INSGHT] Daniil Kvyat hits out at FIFA, UEFA and IOC for bans against Russians [ANALYSIS] Russia finally kicked out of the World Cup [INSIGHT] Abramovich is said to want close to £4billion and has said he will not call in the £1.5billion of loans he has given Chelsea since buying them in 2003. Financial experts have predicted that interested parties are unlikely to want to pay more than £2billion. Meanwhile, Everton have suspended all commercial and sponsorship activities with Russian companies USM, Megafon and Yota with immediate effect. The Toffees match day programme will also be reprinted without any reference to Russian-backed sponsorship. Sky Sports News reports that the entire rebranding move will cost the club around £500,000.