The TUC Chief slammed the UK Government for knowing about the incoming firings of 800 P&O workers before the announcement. Ms O'Grady hit out at ministers for failing to contact trade unions to inform them workers on P&O Ferries would be summarily let go in favour of agency workers. Protests over the mass sacking have been held in Hull over the weekend, and are set to continue until the issue has been resolved.  Ms O'Grady told the Today Programme: "We believe that P&O has acted unlawfully. "It's now clear that they deliberately flouted UK law, failing to consult with workers and their unions, and sacking those 800 loyal and skilled seafarers. "We also now know of course that ministers that the sacking was imminent. "And they knew before the workers knew, and they failed to inform unions too. JUST IN: Petrol prices soar: RAC warns penny-pinching Brits hit by record-high prices at the pump  Mr O'Grady added: "So now the ball is in the Governments court. "To make sure that P&O either reinstates workers, or they pay a very high price for it." Reports of the Government knowing about the mass sackings as a memo was sent to ministers by a senior Whitehall official. The note was seen by the Sunday Times newspaper and outlined P&O Ferries' strategy.     "Without these decisions, an estimated 2,200 staff would likely lose their jobs. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been asked about the situation but was unable to provide details of when he received communications from P&O about the impending dismissal of all staff. A spokesperson for the Prime Minister said: "I don’t know exactly when the Prime Minister was informed." Labour MP Ed Miliband showed support to the 800 sacked P&O workers by attending a staff protest in Hull. Mr Miliband also took to Twitter to say: "In Hull to express Labour’s solidarity with P&O workers. Their fight is our fight. Government cannot just wring its hands. It must act to make P&O a pariah company unless it reverses its decision." The Chancellor of the Exchequer has confirmed that the Government are currently probing into the legalities of the situation. Mr Sunak said: "What we are seeing is appalling and the way that they have treated their workers is awful, it's wrong. "Across Government, we are examining not just those actions and whether they complied with the regulations as they should have done, but also our own relationship with the company."  