The fourth season of the latest Star Trek outing pitted Captain Michael Burnham (played by Sonequa Martin-Green) and the crew of the USS Discovery against a terrifying existential threat. With Michael and her partner Cleveland ‘Book’ Booker (David Ajala) clinging on for dear life heading into the season finale, the captain is faced with an impossible choice to stop the Dark Matter Anomaly (DMA). Michael may have to let Book die to save the universe in the climactic final episode of Star Trek: Discovery season four. The latest entry in the long-running spacefaring drama traded its original home on CBS All Access for the new streaming service, Paramount Plus, back in November. Season four has proven more popular than ever amongst Trekkies, though the stakes for the Federation have never been higher. The Discovery crew prepared to make contact with the mysterious species known only as Ten-C in the penultimate episode of the latest season. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Meanwhile, Ruon Tarka (Shawn Doyle) is ready to wipe the DMA out completely, with a little help from Book. However, Tarka’s plan threatens to destroy the Federation’s chances at diplomacy and could have devastating consequences for the whole galaxy. Regular director and producer for the series Olatunde Osunsanmi has opened up about the tough choice facing Michael ahead of the finale on Thursday night. She told TV Line: “The big question is, are we going to be able to have a communication with them that is successful, that brings peace, or is this communication going to fail?” “And is Earth going to be destroyed? Is Vulcan going to be destroyed? “Are all these different planets and species that we’ve met throughout Trek history going to be destroyed because the diplomacy between us and the Ten-C breaks down? Those are the stakes.” Star Trek is only set to grow in the next few years, with multiple new series currently in the works. However, all the Federation’s work to unite the cosmos could go up in smoke if Michael doesn’t act fast and put a stop to Tarka’s scheme. DON'T MISS:Heels season 2 release: Alexander Ludwig drops huge update [LATEST]NCIS NOLA’s CCH Pounder lines up exciting new role [NEWS]The Walking Dead fans ‘in tears’ as Norman Reedus injured [UPDATE] Will the captain manage to make peace with Ten-C in time, or will they have to take action to prevent Tarka and Book from causing a catastrophe that could result in the end of life as they know it? Olatunde mused: “If you were asking me about my wife, the rest of the universe can burn. I’m saving her or my kids. I think a lot of people feel that way.” However, Michael has her own set of morals, and she may decide the future of the galaxy is more important than saving the love of her life from total annihilation. “[Burnham] has the heart of the people,” he continued. “She’s saved all living things multiple times." "I think she would be willing to let Book — a lot of, if not all the people close to her — die to save the galaxy as a whole. “As much as I’d like to believe the opposite, because I do believe they have a special bond and it’s fun to see a Black captain in love, she’d let him go.” Michael and Book’s romance has certainly been one for the Trekkie history books, but the confirmed fifth season of Discovery could find the Federation captain in a much darker place if things don’t go to plan in the finale. Star Trek Discovery season 4 concludes Thursday, March 17 on Paramount Plus in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.