More than half of local councils (89 out of 151) are planning to increase council tax by 2.99 percent in April leaving many Britons worried about how they are going to make ends meet.  However, nearly three million households aren’t claiming a discount they are entitled to. Every day seems to bring more bad news for peoples’ budgets and it’s only going to get worse from April. Council tax rises will mean that almost half of council areas will have a Band D bill higher than £2,000 next month. In greater London, bills will rise by a staggering 8.8 percent, a rise of £31.93 on a Band D bill. Campaigners are reminding people that now is the time to check whether they are receiving all the Government help they are entitled to. READ MORE: State pensioners missing out on thousands from DWP - have you checked? Figures from poverty charity Turn2Us show £2.6billion is lost in council tax reductions which are unclaimed by 2,770,000 people. People on a low income could be eligible for a 100 percent reduction. In total, seven groups of Britons typically qualify for free council tax or a significant reduction on their bill. On average, vulnerable people and those on a low income are missing out on £938 per person. DON'T MISS:Nationwide offers 2.5% interest on savings but for a ‘limited time’ [INSIGHT]State pensioners could get £3,000 annual boost - and sum is rising [UPDATE)State pension amount: Check your sum and whether you can increase it [ANLAYSIS] Who can apply for a council tax reduction? Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced that 80 percent of households who live in a Band A to D property are due a £150 rebate this April. He also said there would be a discretionary fund of £144million to support people on a low income who don't pay council tax. This means that people who are exempt from paying could still get financial help worth £150 but they’ll need to get in touch with their council to find out. Each local authority has different criteria for who is eligible to claim a council tax reduction, so it’s worth getting in touch even if someone doesn’t fit into one of the seven groups. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It’s also worth checking the property to see if it’s in the correct council tax band. One easy way to check is to compare it with your neighbour's property. If your property is similar and in a lower band this could indicate something is wrong. People can check by using the online tool at Gov.uk. 