Rafael Nadal's unbeaten start to 2022 could be under threat according to the former coach of Roger Federer. The world No 4 takes on Spanish teenager Carlos Alcaraz in the Indian Wells semi-final on Saturday, in what will be just their second meeting, and Paul Annacone believes the 18-year-old will be able to overcome his hero this time around. Nadal comes into the BNP Paribas Open semi-final with a 19-0 winning streak so far this season, winning the Melbourne ATP 250, Acapulco ATP 500 and a record 21st Grand Slam title at the Australian Open. Alcaraz himself is on a tear, having lost just one match this year, winning his last ten in a row including the Rio ATP 500. Alcaraz has long been seen as the 'next Nadal' and the 35-year-old has agreed, likening the world No 19 to himself at his age. Their only prior meeting came last year at the Madrid Open on what was Alcaraz's 18th birthday, and the 21-time Grand Slam champion dominated in a 6-1 6-2 victory. The 18-year-old has come on since then, winning his first two career titles, cracking the top 20 and reaching the quarter-final of the US Open. Going from a future star to a current one, former world No 12-turned-coach Paul Annacone tipped the younger Spaniard to have the edge this time around. JUST IN: Kyrgios slams Zverev comparison after Nadal Indian Wells outburst  "Carlos Alcaraz is playing better than Rafael Nadal at the moment," the former coach of Federer claimed. "Rafa is arguably the best player ever and the most excellent problem-solver, but if he plays passive tennis against Carlos, it will not end nicely." The Tennis Channel analyst, whose on charge Taylor Fritz is into the semi-finals in the other half of the draw, admitted the only thing stopping Alcaraz was the weight of beating his idol, but demonstrated how strong the young Spaniard had been in Indian Wells. Annacone continued: "Jim Courier told us yesterday that Carlos is scoring breaks more often than Rafa, which is very hard to achieve. It tells you how good Carlos is playing. The biggest question is can he get over the hero moment because that's a challenging thing to do." DON'T MISSRoger Federer fires warning to Djokovic and Nadal - 'Not over yet'Russian tennis star sends message to UK GovernmentRoger Federer offers first glimpse of tennis return following surgery    If Alcaraz can beat the 21-time Grand Slam champion, he will become the youngest Indian Wells finalist in history. The world No 9 has gushed about facing his hero in his first-ever Masters semi-final. "It's amazing to play against Rafa. It's my idol since I'm a kid, so it's never easy to play against him, but I think it's going to be a great match. I think it's a great experience for me to meet him in Masters 1000 semi-final, here at Indian Wells, but, yeah, I'm going to have fun out there and enjoy every single second in the match. Yeah, it's a very special experience for me," he said.