Cash strapped Britons are about to see their budgets squeezed even more as more than half of local councils (89 out of 151) are planning to increase council tax by 2.99 percent in two week’s time. However, nearly three million households could pay less if they took advantage of one of eight money saving tips. As planned council tax rises still look set to go ahead in a few weeks, now is the time for Britons to check they are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to. Almost half of UK areas will have a Band D bill higher than £2,000 next month on top of rising food, petrol and energy bills. While low income households could be eligible for a full 100 percent reduction, others could make life a little bit easier by shaving something off their monthly amount. Pensioners who receive the Guarantee credit part of Pension Credit may not have to pay council tax. READ MORE: Millions of pensioners could be £4,000 a year better off In fact, 2,770,000 people are losing out on council tax discounts according to data from Turn2Us. This could be because they aren’t aware that they are entitled to a reduction on their bill. Each local authority has different criteria for who is eligible to claim a council tax reduction so it’s worth getting in touch with them individually. However, there are generally seven groups of Britons who might be able to save on their council tax. DON'T MISS:Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [UPDATE]Council tax: How Britons could slice tax bill [INSIGHT]State pension alert: Grandparents could boost sum by £2,340 [ALERT] Eight ways to save money on council tax: Anyone who lives in a Band A to D property should receive a £150 rebate soon. People who are exempt from paying council tax could still get this financial help but they’ll need to get in touch with their local council. Meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of people are paying the wrong amount because they are in the wrong council tax band. Some people have saved hundreds of pounds by successfully challenging this though there is the risk that people could end up paying more. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea One way to check if the property is in the right council tax band is to compare it with their neighbours'. For properties in England and Wales, people need to submit their challenge to the Valuation Office Agency (VOA). They will usually review the band and decide whether to agree to the challenge. People can also check their council tax band by using the online tool at Gov.uk