Cassidy Oakley, a six-week-old baby, was placed on a baby pillow on a small footstool surrounded by pillows and blankets before her parents, Jake and Megan, fell asleep. Jake was woken half an hour later by what he saw as a "higher force", as his daughter was no longer there. Jake had been sleeping downstairs at the time in his recovery from post-spinal surgery while Megan was upstairs in the bedroom. Speaking today to Liverpool Echo, Jake said: "I can only describe it as a higher force [that woke me up] because there was no crying or noise, she just wasn't there. I wondered if Meg had taken her upstairs but then I saw the pink onesie and she'd fallen. "She wasn't breathing or responding. I'd been sleeping downstairs because I couldn't get upstairs after surgery, but I ran up to the bedroom and immediately called 999 while I carried out CPR." The dad said he believed Cassidy had suffered a heart attack which led to her falling from the stool to the floor, and she was rushed to Warrington Hospital where her parents say she became stable. Jake said an initial post-mortem examination showed she suffered a second heart attack, resulting in brain damage.  Baby Cassidy died days later despite being transferred to Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool. Jake claimed he was unable to see Cassidy, or the couple's two-year-old daughter Esme, while police were investigating. Jake, of Runcorn, Cheshire, said: "We didn't know what had happened properly in our minds. When [we were] at Alder Hey we were told she had brain damage and were given the decision to turn off her life support, told she wouldn't have that quality of life. She died at 2.40pm on September 9 last year." When the death was referred to the coroner and an inquest was opened, Jake said he was given a report which was written and signed by an Alder Hey consultant. The report suggested "overlying" as a likely cause of Cassidy's death. The report, shown to the ECHO, reads that the likely possibility of accidental overlying "can't be excluded with high certainty". It adds: "However, taking into consideration the circumstances in which she was found lifeless, on the balance of probabilities, I believe that Cassidy died as a result of accidental overlying while in dangerous sleeping position (of footstool)."   Jake said: "She's not just a number in a hospital, she was a person. She was our baby. It's like the nightmare is ongoing." Alder Hey Children's Hospital told the ECHO they could not comment on individual cases. No date has yet been set for an inquest.   