Towards the end of Thursday’s This Morning, Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were forced to evacuate the ITV studio and their show was replaced with a “best bits” episode. Loose Women’s live programme was also replaced with a repeat of the show. At the time, it was unclear as to what had happened, although, on Friday’s Good Morning Britain, Lorraine told Ben Shephard how the incident unfolded. “I was reading the newspaper and apparently it was a pair of suspicious underwear, or something was delivered,” Ben quizzed. Putting the record straight, Lorraine replied: “Apparently I am told it was somebody from a film company who sent me a wee present and it had a battery in it. “When they X-rayed it, it was a little bit suspicious, but it was all fine and dandy and it’s okay.” “It is lovely people are worried about you and taking care of you,” Kate Garraway chipped in. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps Ben went on to joke: “The crew for This Morning were thrilled to bits because it meant that they all got to go outside for a couple of hours.” “At least it proves the system works,” Lorraine added. When the live programme of This Morning was pulled off air, a spokesperson shared a statement to Twitter to apologise for the schedule shake-up. They tweeted: "We apologise for the break in live programming today. We are currently running pre-recorded content and hope to be back with you soon." ITV later issued a statement, confirming there was a security alert at the building. A spokesperson for ITV said: "Due to a suspected security alert, the building which ITV daytime broadcast from was safely evacuated. "The issue has been resolved and staff have returned to the building following the all clear from the police. We apologise for the interruption to the schedule, and we have now returned to normal programming." Nearby tube stations Wood Lane and White City were also shut at the time. DON'T MISS...Law and Order SVU: Viewers hail 'powerful' statement about assault  [REACTION]Michael Mosley sparks uproar speculating Shane Warne's death [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow guest taken aback by value of vase used as a bin [INSIGHT] Loose Women which aired at 12.30pm, also pulled their live episode from the TV schedule. The show also took to its official Twitter account to confirm the news to viewers. “We apologise for the break in live programming today,” the show penned. “We are currently running pre-recorded content and hope to be back with you soon. “This is a repeat of Loose Women. Please don't try to enter any competition or interactivity as it won't count and you might still be charged.”    Worried viewers were quick to reply to the news, with many questioning what had happened. Sharon penned: “Why though? What’s happened? All we’re hearing is there’s a security alert…. what kind of alert?” Carol tweeted: “Why is everyone asking are you ok have I missed something?” While Carly asked: “What’s happened? This morning finished at break too?” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 