Paramount Network’s Emmy nominated western drama Yellowstone came to a jaw-dropping end in January with Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) getting revenge. However, according to the actress, Beth’s rash decisions from season four could soon catch up to her, which could possibly see the impulsive banker exiled from her family.  Beth Dutton is the only daughter of the big cattle ranch owner John Dutton (Kevin Costner) and without a doubt the most fierce character on the show. Forced to constantly navigate around men, Beth built up a tough exterior which made her become abrasive, gritty with very little patience and tolerance for people. Throughout the series, she had made it her duty to uphold her family’s powerful reputation as the owners of the biggest and highly sought ranch in America. However, after Beth and her family became the victims of attempted murder on the same night of the season three finale, she took protectiveness to a whole other level. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Reflecting on season four, Beth star Kelly Reilly spoke to Deadline about her character's tumultuous journey. The actress shared: “I think her blood is up higher than any other season previous, not only is she looking for revenge, to get revenge on the people who did that attack. “Also, she’s still fighting for the ranch, she’s got a lot going on and she's also trying it out being a mum and getting married.” Viewers watched as Beth went through a number of life-changing events in her personal life where she was vulnerable and comfortably let her guard down, this was a stark contrast to her tense, confrontational scenes.  As the largest ranch in America, the Dutton family encountered a number of proposals from companies who wanted to build on a large portion of the land. Market Equities, a real estate company that wanted to build a city on Yellowstone which included a ski resort and airport, however, John’s refusal was adamant. In her ploy to bring down Market Equities, Beth found herself shunned by her father after the plan took a brutal turn. She managed to manipulate her father's new lover Summer Higgins (Piper Perabo) into disrupting construction plans and slapping an officer. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [INSIGHT] Yellowstone’s Jamie star hints at tragic series ending [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Teeter star pays touching tribute to cast after awards [INSIGHT] Summer was introduced as an environmental activist and therefore passionate about the disarray mass construction could do to and she was even arrested during a protest. With this knowledge in mind, Beth double-crossed Summer, which resulted in her getting arrested and looking at a lengthy time in prison. Speaking on the scene, Reilly continued: “I think she’s gone too far, she doesn't think she’s gone too far, her father thinks she’s gone too far and I think that was one of the most eye-opening moments for Beth when he said we kill wolves, not sheep.” Upon discovering his love interest was behind bars because of his daughter John stated: “What you did was cruel, honey.” To which she lashed back: “Because you f****d her, it’s cruel? To which John responded: “I never thought I’d feel this way about you before but you’ve really disappointed me, honey.” As a result, Beth was asked to leave the family home and find another home for her husband and newly adopted kid. With Beth already pushed away from her family, it's likely things could only escalate as Summer’s trial progresses in the upcoming season, not to mention the footage she has of her brother Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley). Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-2 are available to purchase on Amazon Prime Video in the UK. 