Manchester United are looking more and more primed to name Erik ten Hag as their new manager. It emerged on Tuesday night that the Dutchman had held talks about taking over at Old Trafford, despite the club also admiring Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. And his explanation on his philosophy will no doubt spark excitement among fans. United didn’t think they’d need a new manager 12 months ago when they gave Ole Gunnar Solskjaer a new contract and backed him with the A-list signings of Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane. However, after overseeing a dire start to the campaign, the Norwegian was relieved of his duties in November following a 4-1 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road. United then hired Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis but the German isn’t expected to land the role permanently, despite his previous hint he’d be interested. Now, all signs are pointing to Ten Hag. The 52-year-old has done well throughout his time at Ajax, winning two league titles and guiding them to the Champions League semi-finals in 2019. That same year, Ten Hag opened up on his philosophy. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And what he said suggests United will be getting an exciting new boss if they hire the Dutchman due to his desire to play attacking football. “I watch Bayern play every weekend,” he said at the time when asked about his time as a coach at Bayern Munich. “Bayern have become my club. “Since Pep, football in Germany is different, I looked at almost every training back then, and I took a lot of methodical lessons on how to transfer his philosophy to the pitch. “I want to have possession and hurt the opponent. It’s about possession, about movement, about vertical attacking patterns, about pressing, wingers moving into the middle to make room for the full-backs. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “Everyone is attacking, everyone is defending.” Ten Hag also revealed he learnt a lot from Pep Guardiola during their time at the Allianz Arena. “I learned a lot from Guardiola,” he stated. “His philosophy is sensational, what he did in Barcelona, Bayern and now with Manchester City, that attacking and attractive style sees him win a lot. “It’s this structure that I’ve tried to implement with Ajax.” Before Ajax faced Tottenham in 20189, Ten Hag also revealed he was always confident on his players and he’s happy for them to take responsibility. With United being a team with so many egos, that could make him a popular pick behind the scenes. “I don’t have superstitions,” he said. “I believe in my team, the players on the pitch and the plan we have gone through together. “They can make their own independent decisions if something changes on the pitch.” If United do go for Ten Hag, he’ll become their fifth manager since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. However, he isn’t the only target. Pochettino remains admired, with the Red Devils admiring the Argentine ever since his time at Southampton. Lopetegui, despite struggling during his spell at Real Madrid, is also being tracked. And United rate Spain boss Enrique, too, though the prospect of him leaving before the 2022 World Cup appears slim.