Grantchester is returning to ITV soon and it marks the first time the TV show's own star, Tom Brittney, is behind the camera as director. Tessa Peake-Jones has starred as Sylvia Chapman, the vicarage's devoutly religious housekeeper, from the very beginning. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actress and her off-screen relationships.  The seventh season of Grantchester is due to make its debut on March 11 at 9pm. The drama series, which is based on the novels by James Runcie, is set in the summer of 1959 for its latest outing. Wedding season is well underway in the Cambridgeshire village and all the while, Detective Inspective Geordie Keating (played by Robson Green) is investigating local murder cases. Some life-changing decisions are to be made for the characters as the show enters a new decade. One of the village stalwarts, Sylvia, has remained a fan-favourite throughout and viewers are keen to find out more about actress Peake-Jones. READ MORE:  Grantchester season 7 release date, cast, trailer, plot  The 64-year-old actress is from Hammersmith in London, and she is also known for playing Raquel Turner in Only Fools and Horses. She had been in a relationship with partner Douglas Hodge, who played her son Damien Trotter in the Only Fools and Horses episode titled Heroes and Villains. They spent 27 years together before announcing they had separated in February 2013. The pair had two children including a daughter, Mollie, and son Charlie. Since they separated, Peake-Jones does not appear to have been in another public relationship. Hodge, 62, is an actor, director and writer who has won a number of awards for his musical roles, including his work on La Cage aux Folles. His latest TV credits include The Great, Lost in Space and Catastrophe. He went on to marry American wigmaker Amanda Miller. According to The Guardian, Hodge and Peake-Jones moved from London to the outskirts of Oxford. He had been involved in green politics and they found a derelict cottage in the countryside, which they renovated themselves. DON'T MISS... Robson Green's joke at music with Jerome: 'Highlight when we stopped' [INTERVIEW] Grantchester's Robson Green shares reason he always carries his hat [INSIGHT] Robson Green wife: Who is the Grantchester star dating? [EXPLAINER] Peake-Jones has opened up about her Grantchester character's backstory and has given insight into mischief that goes on behind the scenes. In an interview with PBS in 2020, she explained: "I have a feeling she didn’t have a very happy childhood. "I feel she probably had quite a dominant, bullying father, and I think that might explain her first attraction to her first husband, who was a bit of a blighter himself. "You never had any mention of brothers, sisters, cousins, so I have a feeling she was quite an isolated, lonely child." In the most recent season, Mrs C really went through the mill and she experienced plenty of sad moments. Her relationship with Leonard Ernest Finch (Al Weaver) was put to the test and she was torn over the love she had for him. With her religious views getting in the way of what was legally and morally right, she had the ultimate challenge on her hands. Fans can only hope she is cut some slack in the upcoming seventh season. Grantchester season 7 begins on ITV on March 11, at 9pm.