Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke might end up rueing the cost of a return to the Champions League if they finish fourth this season. Mikel Arttea has given his side the best chance of finishing in the top four. If Arsenal beat Manchester United and Tottenham to fourth spot in the Premier League, it will set owner Kroenke back potentially millions. The Gunners currently are clinging on to the final Champions League position and there are reasons to be positive. Under Arteta, Arsenal are looking a dangerous outfit at the moment and seem to have clicked their attack into gear despite the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Their latest result, a 3-2 win over Watford, saw the likes of Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka put in supreme displays. It bodes well for this campaign where the likes of United and Spurs have looked inconsistent. Arsenal sit in fourth, a point ahead of the Red Devils with three games in hand over Ralf Rangnick’s men while Tottenham trail by three points but have played a match more than their north London rivals. Finishing in a Champions League spot would be a great achievement for the Gunners, who have finished eighth in the last two seasons. But Kroenke might secretly be hoping for a little less after it was revealed that doing so would hit him hard in the pocket. According to the Daily Mail, there are several contracts at the Emirates that include hefty bonuses should Arsenal finish in the top four. Many stars have clauses that mean that they are entitled to near £500,000 lump sums by qualifying for the Champions League. Doing so will also see their weekly wages balloon while being in the European competition would be a huge financial help to Arsenal. Qualification can be worth up to £50million but it would appear that much of that money would go straight to the players. However, with question marks over the likes of Saka and Emile Smith Rowe, playing in the Champions League would be a huge boost in their hopes of convincing their best players that their futures are best served at the club. The Gunners have not been in the competition for five years now, their last result in the tournament being a 10-2 drubbing on aggregate from Bayern Munich. Since then, it has been a difficult time for the Emirates outfit in Europe - reaching the final of the Europa League in 2019 only to lose to Chelsea.