NATO has so far maintained no member state will put boots on the ground but will continue to offer logistic and military aid to Ukraine. Germany and Denmark broke decades-long conventions this month by opening their skies to the passage of weapons headed to Kyiv, and Poland offered its whole MiG-29 fleet up. Daily Mirror's Defence Editor Chris Hughes warned however NATO may now be steps away from reconsidering its stance amid growing reports of Russia targeting civilians. Speaking to talkRadio, Mr Hughes said: "We're a couple of calculations away from NATO being involved and I think people know it now. "The prognosis from the intelligence agencies I'm told is pretty dire. "Moldova is there, he [Vladimir Putin] could be looking at that. It's madness but he wants to take the whole of Ukraine first and he hasn't got it yet. "He's a long way off it. We might be a long way off that kind of confrontation but there will be people making some very big decisions soon." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Poland on Tuesday announced they were ready to fly all its MiG-29 jets to a US airbase with a view to them being supplied to Kyiv. However, Washington overnight rebuked the offer, with the Pentagon saying the prospect of flying combat aircraft from NATO territory into the war zone "raises serious concerns for the entire NATO alliance." Warsaw accepted the concerns but insisted they were ready to intervene as long as NATO came up with a common strategy to help Kyiv. Polish president's foreign affairs advisor Jakub Kumoch told TVP Info: "The USA does not want these planes to come to Ukraine from American bases. READ MORE: Poland transfers ALL its jets as war takes to the skies - boost for Ukraine "Poland is ready to act, but only within the framework of the alliance, within the framework of NATO." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky repeatedly called on the West to implement a no-fly zone over Ukraine, but Washington and NATO have rebuffed those calls amid fears of a direct confrontation with Moscow. Russia's defense ministry has warned that countries offering airfields to Ukraine for attacks on Russia may be considered as having entered the conflict. The MiG-29 fighter jet was developed in the Soviet Union and has been used by Ukraine's military for years. DON'T MISS: Indian doctor refuses to leave panther and jaguar behind in Ukraine [VIDEO]Priti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' over Calais chaos [INSIGHT]Michael Portillo savages EU 'Made themselves dependent on Russia' [COMMENT] A senior Ukrainian Government official said his country must hold off Russia's attack for the next seven to 10 days to deny Moscow claiming any sort of victory. Vadym Denysenko, adviser to Ukraine's interior minister, insisted Moscow is desperate for at least some kind of victory, citing the cities of Mariupol or the capital Kyiv as the most likely targets. Writing on Facebook, Mr Denysenko said: "They need at least some victory before they are forced into the final negotiations. "Therefore our task is to stand for the next 7-10 days."