Cristiano Ronaldo has issued a rallying cry to his Manchester United team-mates and has told them they can “beat any team” following their 3-2 Premier League victory over Tottenham on Saturday. The 37-year-old struck a hat-trick in the match as United moved back up to fourth in the table. Ronaldo was once again the talking point last weekend as United were thumped 4-1 by Manchester City. But the Portugal forward didn’t even appear in that match. Instead, Ronaldo flew back to his homeland after being ruled out of the game through injury. And his decision to jet off while his team were being outplayed at the Etihad Stadium didn’t sit well with some. But the blockbuster star returned to the pitch this weekend and illustrated exactly what United were missing last time out. MUST READ: Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumours Ronaldo opened the scoring after 12 minutes with one of his best strikes since returning to the club as he received the ball 30 yards from goal before proceeding to thump a rasping effort into the top corner. The forward then notched another before the break, just moments after Harry Kane had levelled for Spurs from the penalty spot. Ronaldo’s second was far more straightforward than his opener as he turned the ball in from close range after being teed-up by Jadon Sancho. The match proved to be a scintillating affair at Old Trafford and the north Londoners equalised for a second time with 18 minutes remaining as Harry Maguire diverted the ball into his own net. But Ronaldo had the final say late on as he bagged his first Red Devils hat-trick since 2008 after rising highest to head home a corner from Alex Telles.    The victory will have clearly injected some life back into the United team following an indifferent run of form. And Ronaldo has told his team-mates there are no limits to what they can achieve this season. “Tremendously happy with my first hat-trick since I came back to Old Trafford,” Ronaldo wrote on Instagram after the match. “Nothing beats the feeling of being back on the pitch and help the team with goals and effort. DON'T MISSPSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interestLiverpool star Luis Diaz 'being eaten by anxiety' despite superb startChelsea's XI next season if Blues blocked from new signings or selling   “We’ve proven once again that we can beat any team in any given day, as long as we work hard and stand together as one. “There are no limits for Man United! No matter what! Let’s go, Devils!” United will be looking to build on their victory over Spurs when they host Atletico Madrid in the second leg of their last 16 Champions League showdown on Tuesday night. The first leg in Spain ended 1-1.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 