The Paramount Network hit Yellowstone was created by former Sons of Anarchy star Taylor Sheridan. The show focuses on sixth-generation rancher John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) and the fight to save the Dutton family ranch. He controls the largest contiguous ranch in the United States, under constant attack by those it borders. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how to watch the first three seasons in the UK. Debuting in 2018, US viewers have already had the chance to watch all four seasons. During its four seasons run, the Dutton family have had to deal with conflicts with land developers, an Indian reservation, and America's first National Park. Not only is Yellowstone a standalone show, its popularity has led to multiple spin-offs. TV lovers who have heard great things about the show can finally catch seasons one, two and three in the UK this coming weekend. Read More: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi Franklin blames her for losing baby? Yellowstone's first three seasons will be airing on PlutoTV's More TV Drama channel. This means spectators will be able to binge all 29 episodes by the end of the weekend when it lands. Pluto TV is an online streaming TV channel brought to watchers by Paramount Streaming, a division of Paramount Global. The Emmy award-winning television service gives users access to hundreds of live channels and thousands of titles on-demand.  Through using this free platform, fans will be able to watch Yellowstone. Unlike some other streaming channels, it can be watched with no subscription fee and no login required. The first instalment of the hit show will be available to watch from 3pm on Friday, March 25. This will be followed by season two, landing at 3pm on Saturday, March 26, with audiences getting the third and final cycle on Sunday, March 27 at 12pm. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]Coronation Street 'double exit' as Nick Tilsley 'splits' from Leanne Battersby [SPOILERS]Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST] To watch the show, users will just need to head to Pluto.tv and search for the title. The fourth season of Yellowstone premiered in the US in November 2021, with the show picked up for a fifth season in February this year. Viewers may want to pace themselves as only the first three seasons will be available to watch with no news on if the network will add the fourth season to their lineup. Unlike the last few seasons, the fifth season is expected to feature 14 episodes instead of 10, and it will be split into two parts.  Yellowstone: 1883 has already aired with Yellowstone 6666 and Yellowstone 1932 in development. Yellowstone: 1883 follows the Dutton family's 19th Century ancestors James Dutton (played by Tim McGraw) and Margaret Dutton (Faith Hill). Yellowstone prequel 1883 is still only available in the US on Paramount + for $4.99 a month in the US. Yellowstone season one starts Friday, March 25 at 3pm on PlutoTV in the UK. Seasons one to four are available to stream on Paramount+ in the USA. 