There was nothing whatsoever for pensioners - our oldest and most vulnerable - in yesterday’s spring statement. By side-stepping those already struggling with the worst cost of living crisis on record* he is allowing, and possibly even accepting that they will fall into real poverty which is an absolute disgrace.  Older and vulnerable people on low and largely fixed incomes, with no wriggle room on their personal budgets are likely to default on basic bills and find themselves facing homelessness or becoming seriously ill and require hospitalisation or emergency social care. It will be left to our already hard-pressed NHS and social services to deal with the human cost of the Chancellor’s neglect. For the sake of not taking mitigating action now – to help with the highest inflation level in 30 years and energy bills that will cost the pensioners a further £700 this year - he is passing the problem onto our health and care services, with those bills having to be paid for by the Exchequer. The fact that the Chancellor has not responded to requests from the NPC and others to at least reinstate the Triple Lock on April's annual State Pension increases, shows no compassion for a generation who have paid (and still pay) for the pension they get. A state pension that is one of the most inadequate in the industrial world. We do not accept that pensioners could not have been awarded a rise at the real rate of inflation in their pension next month to ease the pain. While we support the Chancellor’s measures to assist working people, such as increasing NI threshold, this is of no help to pensioners.  Income for the majority of pensioners is £10,000 a year or less. If he had given everyone a £200 reduction in energy bills instead of a loan that we never asked for, it would show at least some thought for the least well off. The government claims it is protecting pensioners – who represent one in five and growing of our population today. But the reality is they are doing nothing of the sort. The UK is not a nice place to grow old in – and it is likely to get worse. 