Appearing on The Kelly Clarkson Show, the pop star spoke about his residency in Las Vegas and the love he has for his fans. He also let slip that he and the King of Pop Michael Jackson both took one of each other's songs during their respective long careers; luckily, they both turned out to be hits. Hanging out on the American daytime television show Donny described how he allows his Las Vegas audience to pick from his 65 album back catalogue during his performance.For a 15 minute segment of his live show, he "improvs", turning to the audience to say, "the show is yours".He continued: "I have no idea what is going to happen. It's all improvised... It's my favourite part of the show."Blowing Kelly's mind, she fanned her arms as she said: "I get stressed just thinking about it." Read More: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty? Fellow guest and fan Katie Couric asked: "Do they ever ask for One Bad Apple?"Reminiscing on the song: "We do One Bad Apple. That was our [The Osmonds] first number one.""In fact, Michael [Jackson] told me that, allegedly, 'It was written for the Jackson Five.'"And I said, 'Well, I got one on you, Mike.' Ben, his number one solo Ben was written for me." The host and the panel couldn't quite believe it, with Kelly even squealing, "Oh my god, really?"Ben was the title song for the 2003 horror film Willard which involved a rat."Which I always thought was interesting, Michael sang about a rat, and I sang about a puppy," the star added, making the studio audience erupt into laughter.Wanting to know more about how the song exchanged hands, he was asked: "What happened?" DON’T MISS…Emmerdale cancelled: ITV soap taken off air in TV schedule shake-up [LATEST]Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she refuses to watch[LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over staggering valuation of FA Cup medals [LATEST] "The reason I didn't record Ben, I was on the road touring with my brothers, and they had to finish the movie," the Puppy Love singer replied."And the producers said, 'Well there is this little kid named Michael Jackson, let's get him to sing. He's got a high voice."Once the panel and studio settled down from this pop music revelation, the American Idol winner commented: "That's so funny, how songs find their homes."Donny's loyal following flocked online to share their love and support. @tweetcin tweeted: "So I flipped to @kellyclarkson. @donnyosmond singing 'Puppy Love' transported me back 50 years, when life was simple. Don't laugh, you know I'm right."Fangirl Cassie Hicks added: "@kellyclarkson Thank you for having former teen idol @donnyosmond to perform on your show today. Can't wait to see what song he's going to perform.""@donnyosmond, I just wanted to tell you that I loved your version of Puppy Love on @kellyclarkson Show today. That song never made me cry before, it only ever made me scream my head off during "someone help me," a lovestruck Trina Minnich shared. (sic)Shennine commented on the show's YouTube clip of his interview and performance, saying: "I saw Mike perform Ben at those Oscars and couldn't believe a kid could put that much emotion and beauty in one song. Let alone one about a rat!"The daytime show is only available to watch on NBC