Vanessa (played by Michelle Hardwick) and Charity (Emma Atkins) have been getting along in recent weeks, despite the messy circumstances behind their break-up a couple of years ago on Emmerdale. The former lovers almost shared a kiss a few weeks ago and this week, it seems more and more characters on the ITV soap have discovered their scandalous secret. With Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) out of the way, the door was left open for the Woolpack landlady to reclaim the woman of her dreams but it seems everything could be turned on its head after Vanessa bumped into a possible new love interest in Wednesday night's instalment. In the most recent episode of the village-based drama, Charity was continuing to distract herself from thinking about Mackenzie. At the same time, Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) noticed there was still a spark lingering between his colleague and her former lover. Vanessa professed there was nothing going on but she soon caved in and explained to the village vet the pair almost kissed. Before he could convince himself there was something going on between them, Vanessa stated she didn't want anyone to know as it could give off the wrong impression. Unfortunately, the beloved character dropped himself in it with Mackenzie's sister, Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) as he got the wrong end of the stick and presumed the farmer knew about the near kiss. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Moira was left fuming with what she was hearing, blaming Charity for driving her brother away and upset over the fact she might not see him again. With the farmer on the warpath, Paddy screamed at her as she left the pub there was nothing going on between the two women. Needing the truth from the horse's mouth, Moira decided to confront Vanessa about what she had heard, with the vet blown away by how angry she was. "I need to know if there is anything going on between you two," the farmer asked, with Vanessa telling her there was no spark or romance whatsoever. Not satisfied by the answer, Moira continued: "Because one minute, she's begging me to talk to Mackenzie and then I find out this." "Look, I know what this might look like but there is nothing going on," Vanessa explained, adding: "It was just a mistake. "So please, don't say anything to Mackenzie," she asked, stating there was "no chance" she and Charity were going to get back together. Although the vet seemed pretty sure about this, the past says otherwise as many characters have said their relationship was done before reigniting their spark. At this point, fans of Vanity wouldn't think the chances of them getting back together would have been ruled out completely. However, towards the end of the episode, newcomer to the show Suzy (Martelle Edinborough) bumped into the village vet. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT]Louise Jameson admits making 'wrong choice' with Emmerdale audition [COMMENT] Suzy was carrying a cake for a client she was working for and when Vanessa was reversing her car, she didn't realise the newcomer was behind her. This meant the cake was plastered all over the floor and when she got out of the car, the vet asked the newcomer what she thought she was playing at. "Maybe you should look where you're going next time," Vanessa remarked to Suzy, who told Charity's ex she should apologise. She also suggested Vanessa attend some anger management classes, with the mother of one stating the newcomer should take a chill pill. As she walked off, Suzy has a grin on her face as it seemed she was quite pleased she managed to rile up Vanessa. It has been revealed in spoilers for next week's episodes Suzy is going to be a new love interest of the beloved villager. With this in mind, it is unlikely Vanessa will be reuniting with Charity romantically anytime soon as she begins to enjoy her new romance. If things before serious between the pair of them, it could lead to the end of Vanity for good. With Vanessa moving on with her life, Charity would be forced to sit on the sidelines and watch, knowing there is nothing she can do to change her former lover's mind. But will Vanessa and Suzy get their happy-ever-after and will Charity be forced to move on to another relationship herself? Producer of the show, Laura Shaw, spoke with Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year and explained things were going to get tricky for a Vanity reunion. The soap boss said: "Vanessa is back and obviously that is going to set the cat amongst the pigeons for Mack and Charity. "Will we see Charity and Vanessa back together in 2022, or will we see Vanessa head off in a new direction maybe? "I think it's going to be time for people to decide whether they are team 'Vanity' or team 'Mackity'," she continued. It is looking ever more likely this is the end for Vanessa and Charity as they decide to become friends instead of lovers. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.