The small street near the Premier League leader's home ground becomes flooded with fans parking up to watch the match, resulting in the residents finding a novel way to take action. So determined are the group on the street, one woman, Elaine Burns has been dubbed “The Bouncer” as she tackles City fans who dare park on her street. The homeowners claim the influx of vehicles on match days is causing chaos on the little street.  According to residents, traffic wardens have been failing to ticket the illegally parked cars which require parking permits on game days. One resident explained just how strict “The Bouncer” Ms Burns is. Tony Almond, 77, who lives on Charlesworth Street told The Sun: “Elaine doesn’t take any messing and she’s always telling people off. "She’s only little as well. “The whole road is full of cars on match days. I’ve had to put bins out to block the road and stop people parking. “It’s supposed to be permit holders only, but you don’t see too many wardens coming around enforcing the rules.”  Ms Burns has earned the nickname of “The Bouncer” after repeatedly going toe to toe with drivers who park on their street. She told the Manchester Evening News: “They don’t care; they just get tickets.” Other residents have spoken about the chaos as fans return from matches having had too much to drink. Marie Riley, 60, said: “It’s mental here when the match is on - absolute chaos."Some cars turn up with fans who’ve been drinking and the bottles can roll into the road and smash so there’s broken glass everywhere. “We’ve had to park our own car further away sometimes when we’ve been shopping and carry the bags all the way home. “I’ve seen the wardens ticketing people but they don’t seem to care and are happy to pay the parking fine. “That’s why we’ve been forced to put bins in the road.” READ MORE:Berbatov slams Man Utd's 'standards' in Arsenal warning - EXCLUSIVE  Margaret Fox, 55, who lives on nearby Hinkley Street, added: “All the cars get really annoying on match days and when the new arena is built it will just make things worse. “But I don’t agree with having year-round restrictions. “It’s going to be a real pain getting visitor passes, and a lot of older people won’t know how to get them online. “It’ll also be a real hassle only having two passes for visitors.”  DON'T MISS:EXCLUSIVE: British soldiers explain why they are fighting in Ukraine [REPORT]'Highly unlikely' has achieved Russia invasion plan says MoD [REVEAL]EU throws Zelensky under bus after tense talks [INSIGHT] Manchester City Council has several residential parking schemes surrounding the Etihad, but they are considering launching a new one to stop the nightmare parking problem. Under the new scheme, it would mean parking restrictions apply every day of the week and some streets would only allow permit holders to park between midday and 11 pm. Others would limit their stays to a maximum of 90 minutes during those times in a bid to battle the parking war. Visitors will have to apply for permits online, with residents claiming they’ll be limited to a maximum of two for friends and family and the digital system discouraging older people. Business permits can also be applied for but will carry a cost of £45 per year.  Councillor Tracey Rawlins, executive member for environment at Manchester council said: "Through other resident parking schemes in Manchester we know they can make a positive impact for people living within its boundaries. "As Manchester continues to grow, particularly in East Manchester, we need to make sure there are measures in place to support the people who have called it their home for years. "The further development of the Etihad Campus as well as the construction of a new arena are very exciting for the city’s future, but it can’t come at the expense of residents and local businesses.” 