Gary Lineker has fired back at Gary Neville after the latter criticised Manchester United’s players and staff for their recent social activity. The Red Devils legend was unhappy to see individuals attend various sporting events and make public appearances after being knocked out of the Champions League last week. United were disappointingly beaten 2-1 on aggregate by Atletico Madrid in Europe. It means their trophy drought will extend into a sixth year. But Neville was disappointed by club officials and players being seen in public in the aftermath. Co-owner Avram Glazer took in the opening Formula One Grand Prix of the season in Bahrain, with fans picturing the United chief ordering a kebab. Meanwhile, Interim boss Ralf Rangnick was seen watching the test cricket between England and West Indies. The German was snapped watching the game in Barbados. JUST IN: Man Utd face Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern 'bid' jeopardises plans  Forward Marcus Rashford also enjoyed UFC at London’s O2 Arena. And Neville claims being seen in public after such chastening defeats would not have happened at the club during his trophy-laden career. The former defender tweeted: “I remember a time when United players, managers, executives wouldn’t be seen in their local Italian after a draw at home let alone getting knocked out of Europe. This last week we’ve seen a global tour of F1 , Concerts, Cricket and UFC events. This lot are Tone Deaf!” But fellow former England star Lineker saw flaws in Neville’s argument, claiming social media has changed the way footballers are critiqued in public. He sarcastically responded: “True, they were mostly busy getting hammered down the pub without everyone being on social media to spy on them.” DON'T MISS...Arsenal's kit for 2022/23 'leaked' as Adidas copy design from Man UtdTottenham's Conte given cause for concern by Argentina's Romero callMan City have Haaland fear with Real Madrid set to use transfer tactic Neville doubled down, though, and made the point that being seen at major sporting events is hardly staying away from the limelight. The Sky Sports pundit clapped back: “Not sure the spy needs to work too hard at test matches, F1, boxing and UFC.” BBC presenter Lineker continued to disagree with Neville. The 61-year-old ex-striker pointed out that going to see other sports is ‘positive’. “Do you really think that’s a problem? Going to watch other sports has always been a thing. A positive thing at that,” Lineker responded. United are currently on a three-week break from matches after being knocked out in the early rounds of the FA Cup, while a two-week international break is now underway. Rangnick’s side are sixth in the Premier League and have just an outside chance of qualifying for the Champions League. 