If your Messenger app pings with a message that reads "Look what I found", don't be tempted to click on the link. Security experts are warning that this nasty scam, which was first spotted last year, is back and it can allow hackers access to very personal data. This new threat appears to be surging across the world and it's definitely one to keep a very close eye on. Those who are duped will be taken to a fake Facebook page which then siphons user data as the person types in their name and password. This vital information can then be used to find out personal data and even install malware onto devices. To make matters worse, once the scammer has access to the Facebook account they can also raid address books and send the malicious text to even more users. This isn't the first time Messenger scams have appeared online with users also recently targeted by the message that said "is this you in this video?" The hackers use these very tempting phrases as they know many will want to click on the link to see exactly what is included in the embedded link that's tucked within the message. Another tactic used by the fraudster is to place fun emojis in the text which helps to make things appear more friendly. If you do receive any of these messages the advice is clear, don't click on the link as it could leave your entire Facebook account open to attack. If you think you may have been duped then it's a good idea to head straight to Facebook and change your password in the settings menu. This will stop hackers from accessing your account. READ MORE: iPhone 12 and iPhone 13 prices slashed in very rare Apple discount - DON'T miss it How do I change or reset my Facebook password? • In the top left of Facebook, tap your profile picture. • Scroll down and tap Settings, then tap Password and Security. • Tap Change password. • Type your current and new password and re-type new password, then tap Save Changes. Speaking about this new scam River Hart, Digital Privacy Expert at ProPrivacy, said: "This new campaign can be difficult to identify, and victims are typically Messenger users whose accounts have been breached once before in the past – potentially doubling the disastrous impact of the attack. "The scam is similar in nature to SMS phishing attacks – known as smishing scams. And these campaigns are on the rise. According to Which?, the number of reported smishing attacks rose by a startling 700% in the first half of 2021. Users should also be wary if they receive unsolicited messages from distant acquaintances."