 The winger scored the decisive goal against Aston Villa in the Premier League clash at the weekend. And he was on hand to tap into an empty net in extra-time to send the London Stadium into raptures on Thursday. Yarmolenko followed up after Pablo Fornals's strike had been saved by Sevilla goalkeeper Bono. It sealed a 2-0 win on the night to overturn a 1-0 first-leg defeat. The goal was an emotional one for Yarmolenko, whose family were in Ukraine when Russian president Vladimir Putin ordered an invasion three weeks ago. It is believed they are now safe. JUST IN: Six things we learned as Everton scrape vital win against Newcastle  West Ham boss David Moyes spoke glowingly of the 32-year-old after he scored against Villa. And the Hammers squad mobbed the star as he struck an important goal against Sevilla with nine minutes of extra-time remaining. BT Sport pundit and former West Ham star Joe Cole believes a Hollywood scriptwriter would have been ‘laughed out of town’ had they written a story akin to Yarmolenko scoring the winner. “If a Hollywood scriptwriter had offered this up, they would be laughed out of town,” the former England winger said. Midfielder Declan Rice revealed Yarmolenko was emotional in the dressing room after the game. The England star said: “I’ve just seen him in the kit room, he was a little bit emotional. DON'T MISS...Man Utd and Arsenal target Tielemans 'amazed' by transfer speculationMan City 'made Real Madrid proposal' to charm Haaland in transferChelsea's transfer issue laid bare as Tuchel sent message over targets “What he’s been through and to come out and perform tonight, it’s a credit to him. He’s been through so much. All the players are with him. He’s stepped up and I’m delighted for him.” Another emotional member of the West Ham squad was Noble. The club icon was a late substitute and helped his side to an important win. And the 34-year-old was seen crying on the pitch after the game. He was embraced by team-mate and boss Moyes. Rice added: “It was so, so special tonight, for the fans, the players and the stadium. We were 1-0 down but we knew with our fans and the players that we could do it. That resilience we have in us, we won’t give up.” 