Nottingham City Council has approved their new 2022/23 budget which included the introduction of extra parking permit charges. Under the current system, parking permits are free with a maximum of three per household. But, the new rule will see residents only receive one free permit for a resident or visitor. Homeowners will now need to pay £35 to receive a second permit and a £50 fee for a third permit. The council predicts the new rule will save the council over £400,000 per tax year. The new rule is also expected to reduce the number of cars on the road and stop commuters from using residential streets to avoid paying parking charges in the city centre. READ MORE: Drivers face £1,000 fine for parking the wrong way under Highway Code rules However, the plans were attacked by some local councillors at yesterday’s full council meeting. Councillor Kevin Clarke, opposition leader of Nottingham Independents said the new rules would force car owners “out of the city”. He said: “There is a feeling in the city the council are criminalising cars. “These parking permits are simply another means by which car owners are being forced out of the city. DON'T MISSDrivers warned as loophole means strangers can park on your driveway [INSIGHT]‘Grotesque’: New parking law would see drivers hit with £550 charge  [ANALYSIS]Drivers fury over tiny car park spaces [PICS] “The city parking levy has created its own issues for people who can’t and won’t pay these fees now parking outside schools or residential areas on a daily basis. “Now residents are being charged even greater sums just to park outside their homes.” Conservative Group leader Andrew Rule also attacked the plans, warning parking issues in the city were “not the fault of residents”. Instead, he called for the council to consider increasing penalty charge prices instead of hitting homeowners' permits. He added: “I note there is an attempt at rationalising this charge given the desire to reduce the number of cars in Nottingham. “But the reality is using a car for the commute to work is the most direct method for most residents at achieving this particularly those who work outside the city boundary. “Perhaps consideration could be given to increasing the size of penalty charges for contravention to subsidise the overall permit costs for residents to ensure they are receiving value for money.” However, the plans were backed up by Labour’s Nerghat Khan who said the extra costs were “reasonable” and “fair”. She also warned the costs were “inexpensive” compared to other areas which charged a lot more. She also claimed drivers were “selling permits” as they didn’t use them. She added: “You accuse us of being against car owners. I own a car myself. “At the moment, people are actually selling permits because they don’t need them. “They have one car for example so there is some sort of fraud happening as well.”