Greggs is constantly changing and updating its menu to meet customer demand. In recent months, the nation’s favourite bakery has introduced multiple vegan products to its range, such as the Vegan Sausage, Bean, and CheeZe Melt. The Vegan Sausage, Bean, and CheeZe Melt was released in August last year and was available for a limited time only. Now, due to its popularity, the product is back. Greggs reintroduced the vegan favourite to menus on Thursday, March 3. Costing just £1.65, the bake is available in shops throughout the UK and even via Click + Collect and Just Eat. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how Designed to be exactly the same as the Sausage, Bean, and Cheese Melt, but for vegans, the bake is wrapped in layers of golden puff pastry. Its filling includes pieces of vegan sausage, grated original and mozzarella flavour vegan cheeZe, and baked beans. A Greggs spokesperson said: “The Vegan Sausage, Bean, and CheeZe Melt was extremely popular last year, and we’re excited to be putting it back on the menu.” But this isn’t the only item Greggs has introduced to its menu in recent months. DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer: Questions to ask when moving or extending [EXPERT]Monty Don shares the ‘one rule’ to follow when pruning the garden [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT] In July 2021, Greggs launched the Vegan Ham and CheeZe Baguette. Perfect for vegans, the sandwich is made from Quorn ham and cheddar flavoured “cheeZe” slices. Costing £2.95, it is the perfect lunchtime treat. As well as the new vegan addition, Gregg’s launched eight other savoury products last summer. These included wraps, sandwiches, and pasta pots. The wraps were a Mexican Chicken Wrap and a Chicken Ceaser and Bacon Wrap. Meanwhile, the sandwiches included a Tuna Mayonnaise and Cucumber Sandwich, a Free Range Egg Mayonnaise Sandwich, and a Roast Chicken and Bacon Sandwich. The new pasta pots were a combination of meat and plant-based flavours, including the Tuna Crunch Pasta, the Chicken and Bacon Pasta, and the Feta and Tomato Pasta. Greggs began to introduce vegan products to its range following the success of its vegan sausage roll. Launched in 2019, the sausage roll was Greggs’ first vegan bake, and it has delighted fans since. As the Sausage, CheeZe, and Beans Melt makes its return to Greggs this week, one product is disappearing from its menu. Sadly, the fast-food chain’s Hot Cross Bun is not returning to branches this Easter. A Greggs spokesperson commented: “Our Hot Cross Buns are taking a well-deserved rest from our Easter menu this year but keep an eye out for our other exciting Easter products which will be in shops soon.”