The singer-songwriter appears in Starstruck this evening alongside the well-loved artist Olly Murs. Four more teams of superfans will be transformed into their music idols to sing one of their biggest hits. Lambert features on the panel alongside Sheridan Smith, Beverley Knight and Jason Manford, and will be tasked with deciding who their favourite of the night is before the audience votes and picks just one lucky person to go through to the series final. Most will recognise Lambert from his now iconic collaboration with Queen. It is with the legendary band that he stands in for the late Freddie Mercury, although not replacing him but adding to the legacy that Queen has created. Since he started working with the band in 2011 Lambert has built a strong relationship with founding members Brian May and Roger Taylor. In May 2020, May was admitted to hospital after suffering from a heart attack. The guitarist said that he was “very near to death” as doctors discovered that three of his arteries were blocked and in danger of stopping the blood supply to his heart. Later that year, Lambert discussed the scare while talking to Smooth Radio. He said: "Luckily, I saw him last week. Him and Roger and I got together to sort of kick off this promotion for this album, and it was really nice to see them both. "Brian is doing a lot better, which is great. You know, he’s just had to be on some certain medications, and is sort of on a recovery programme. “But he seems like he’s nearly back to his fighting form." Last September, May reflected on his recovery, saying he had to "fight" his way back to good health. He told PA news agency: “I got a heart attack for no reason I can possibly see. I didn’t really tick any of the boxes for heart attacks but I got it. “That knocks you back, I have to say. It knocks the stuffing out of you. I had a lot of other complications. “I had a really bad time for a few months and had to fight my way out of that. So that is another way of coming back to the light.” READ MORE: Brian May unveils streaming of Queen Ukraine concert for relief today May has also defended his Queen colleague Lambert from criticism in the past. Filling Mercury’s shoes was always going to come with pressure, but May believes Lambert would have won his approval. He said in 2019: "Adam Lambert is only now beginning to be recognised by the greater public as the true phenomenon that he is. "Gifted with a voice in a billion, for himself he is a passionate and unyielding perfectionist. Gifted to us, he is the reason that we are still alive as a functioning rock band. "And still able to take on new challenges. Plus … he’s nice. That’s a big deal when you’re a touring family. Freddie would approve, big time." May shortly after took aim at those who had directed criticism at the new frontman, and said: "Also, and I will say this only once, for the benefit of just a few people who haven’t stopped to think clearly. DON'T MISS Brian May 'lost interest' in Adam Lambert collaboration on Queen song [INSIGHT] Hope for dog owners after invention of new pill could extend life [ANALYSIS] Brian May sends love to Ukraine and promises 'We will rock again!' [INSIGHT] "Just imagine how awful it would have been for Roger [Taylor] and myself to tour with a Freddie impersonator. "Anyone who suggests such a thing doesn’t belong here. To the vast majority of you lovely people out there – BIG THANKS for being respectful to Adam. "In supporting him, you are supporting the lifeblood of the live Queen legacy. Nothing is forever. This is a precious moment. We never pass this way again." Starstruck airs on ITV at 8:30pm tonight.