World No. 2 Novak Djokovic has been given some advice to come out on top at the French Open this summer, ahead of Roland Garros specialist Rafael Nadal. Djokovic has endured a difficult start to 2022 due to his COVID-19 vaccination status. The Serbian was dramatically forced to miss the opening Grand Slam of the year at the Australian Open, due to not having the vaccine against the virus. This, in turn, then also saw him miss the recent Indian Wells Masters, as well as this week’s Miami Open. However Djokovic is expected to return to the big stage later this summer when the second Grand Slam of the campaign - the French Open - returns in May. His stagnated start to the year also saw him surrender his world No. 1 spot to Daniil Medvedev temporarily. Despite his sporadic campaign though, the Serb has been issued some advice on how he can return to glory at Roland Garros by seven-time Grand Slam winner Mats Wilander. As a result, the Swede has encouraged Djokovic to get ‘10 to 15 matches’ under his belt in preparation. JUST IN: Daniil Medvedev reacts to dominant Andy Murray win at Miami Open He said: “Novak is incredibly hungry. His head and heart are rested. He was able to put together his training plan perfectly. If he plays three more tournaments and maybe 10 to 15 matches, then he is probably the favourite in Paris. But he will need a little self-confidence on the eve of the French Open.” The comments come in the wake of a devastating blow to the in-form Nadal, who was recently ruled out for six weeks with a rib injury. In Djokovic’s absence the Spaniard has dominated in 2022, losing just one game on the way to collecting both the Australian Open and the Mexican Open in the last three months. DON'T MISSRaducanu fires back after Brit warned players are losing 'respect'Djokovic left in limbo over US Open after New York mayor decisionTsitsipas 'not focusing' on succeeding Federer, Nadal and Djokovic His injury though could cause damage to his French Open preparations, with the second Grand Slam of the season less than two months away. There is no doubt Nadal is a specialist when it comes to Roland Garros, having won a remarkable 13 titles on the French clay. However his rib problem will rule him out of the beginning of the clay season, with him expected to miss the Monte Carlo Masters and the Barcelona Open. Nadal’s misfortune could well be Djokovic’s gain though, with the Serbian set to get in some much needed game time whilst his rival is sidelined. 