The EU has been mulling the deployment of 5,000 troops from across the bloc as a backup plan in emergency missions in the name of enhanced "strategic autonomy". The idea, first floated by French President Emmanuel Macron, was taking shape around the EU Commission's table. But as EU leaders met in Versailles last week to discuss sanctions against Russia's attack on Ukraine, talks of the deployment of an EU army were bluntly dismissed. Austria's Chancellor Karl Nehammer told Austrian newspaper Der Standard at the end of the summit: “The EU army is not an agenda item. “What is not going to happen is an EU army. "There is no ambition for that at the moment, anywhere. “Why? Because the entire political will has not developed yet to actually bring a military deployment of an EU army onto the ground." In January, EU Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said her team will work with President Macron to strengthen the Schengen area and launch "Defence Europe". Speaking alongside the French President for the inauguration of France's Presidency of the EU Council, she said: "We will also work on strengthening space Schengen, shifting into high gear on Defence Europe, and deepening our partnership with Africa at our summit in Brussels in February. "We have major projects ahead of us," she continued. Confirming the two leaders' defence ambitions, a senior French government official told Politico: “I would like the EU in the coming years to become aware of its power, because power not only gives you prosperity but also the ability to defend your values. “You can see how we sometimes hesitate to defend our values against China. "Why do we hesitate? Because we are not powerful enough, because we want to have access to the Chinese market, because we depend on certain technologies. READ MORE: Ukraine war: Drone carrying bomb crashes into Croatian capital "Power gives prosperity, power gives independence. "And if we could all collectively realise that, that it’s better to be powerful than weak, that it’s better to be sovereign than vassal, it would be a great political idea for the EU.” Over the weekend, EU leaders agreed on a fourth set of sanctions against Russia. They decided to suspend Moscow's privileged trade and economic treatment, crack down on its use of crypto-assets and ban exports to Russia of EU luxury goods and import of iron and steel goods. Along with other western allies including the United States, the bloc will revoke Russia's "most-favoured nation" trade status. This would open the door to the bloc banning or imposing punitive tariffs on Russian goods and putting Russia on a par with North Korea or Iran. As a first step, the EU will prohibit imports of iron and steel sector goods. DON'T MISS:Infighting in the Kremlin shows Putin 'losing touch with reality' [VIDEO]Ukraine-Russia war: Putin’s missile strike brings war to NATO [ANALYSIS]Brexit: Truss ‘100 percent prepared’ to trigger Article 16 [INSIGHT] G7 allies will seek this week to coordinate targeting of Putin's "cronies" and will strive to ensure Russia and its elites cannot use crypto-assets to circumvent sanctions. The EU's top diplomat Josep Borrell added later that he was putting forward proposals for the blacklisting of more Russian oligarchs, businessmen and companies. The EU has already hit dozens with travel bans and asset freezes. New sanctions would hit people active in the steel industry, Borrell said, and others who provide financial services, military products and technology to the Russian state. "With these sanctions, we will continue going after the oligarchs, the regime-affiliated elites, their families and prominent business people, which are involved in economic sectors providing a substantial source of revenue to the regime," Borrell said without clarifying when the new listings could be adopted. The European Union specifically will ban exports to Russia of EU luxury goods, designed as a blow to Russia's elites. Finally, the bloc will ban new European investments in Russia's energy sector.