Chelsea star Kai Havertz scored a stunning late winner against Newcastle to hand the Blues an important win following a chaotic week. Havertz had endured a tough and bruising battle with Magpies defender Dan Burn before he had the final say on a tight game.   The attacker collected Jorginho’s lofted pass, exquisitely brought the ball under control and then flicked an effort beyond Martin Dubravka. It was a wonderful way to end a game that was otherwise devoid of quality. And it was a vital win for Chelsea, who have suffered badly from the government-imposed sanctions on Roman Abramovich. The oligarch, who bought the Premier League club in 2003, has been sanctioned due to his alleged links with Russian president Vladimir Putin.   JUST IN: Chelsea chief Petr Cech's worrying response to Blues question Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has had to face tough questions over the last few weeks, with Putin ordering an invasion of Ukraine. Tuchel’s future is in doubt as Chelsea are currently unable to offer new contracts as part of strong implications caused by the sanctions imposed on Abramovich. The 48-year-old has a deal until 2024 but has been linked with the soon-to-be-vacant Manchester United job. United will appoint a permanent manager in the summer once Ralf Rangnick has stepped aside from his interim post.    Tuchel has insisted he is committed to Chelsea but the last seven days will have been particularly taxing for the former Borussia Dortmund head coach. And he was seen letting out some relief following Havertz’s goal against Newcastle. According to the BBC, Tuchel screamed in delight at the fans behind the Stamford Bridge dugout as Chelsea’s players celebrated. He then repeatedly punched the air as a vital success started to sink in. It was Chelsea’s fourth win in as many matches and helps towards the West Londoners’ Champions League push.   DON'T MISS...Yarmolenko in tears after first West Ham goal since Ukraine heartbreakTuchel to Man Utd 'realistic' claims Carragher amid Abramovich chaosMan Utd icon Roy Keane explains why Cristiano Ronaldo was 'angry' However, rumours linking Tuchel with a departure will no doubt reignite next week. Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher ominously predicts that a switch to Premier League rivals United is not implausible. "That is up to Manchester United I suppose,” the former England defender said. “But the situation Chelsea find themselves in, other top clubs will be looking at the manager and players going forward. "He is one of the best managers in world football and Manchester United are looking for one. I think he has come out and said he is fully committed to the club but that situation could change with the new ownership as the season goes on."   