High cholesterol is when you have too much of a fatty substance called cholesterol in your blood. · It's mainly caused by eating fatty food and not exercising. A sensation in both your arm or jaw could indicate seriously high cholesterol levels. Having high cholesterol is a common cause of coronary artery spasms. Approximately two percent of people with angina, or chest pain and pressure, experience coronary artery spasms. Coronary artery spasms can also occur in people who have atherosclerosis. This is a condition that occurs when plaque builds up inside the arteries, blocking blood flow. READ MORE: Gordon Ramsay health: Chef ‘scared’ to slow down after diagnosis he didn’t ‘want to hear’ A coronary artery spasm is a temporary tightening of the muscles in the wall of one of the arteries that sends blood to your heart. A spasm can decrease or completely block blood flow to part of the heart. The condition feels like chest tightness or pain caused by tightening of a heart artery. There can also be arm or jaw pain. These symptoms may occur spontaneously or due to cold weather, exercise or stress.  A coronary artery spasm indicates that there’s a potential problem in your heart. For this reason, your doctor will likely order a variety of imaging tests. These tests can provide a clearer picture of your heart and help your doctor put together a treatment plan. These tests are helpful because they can give your doctor the details that they need to make an accurate diagnosis. These tests include: It's important to keep your cholesterol in check because high cholesterol levels increase your risk of heart disease and stroke. “If you're concerned about your cholesterol, talk to your GP,” advised the NHS. The national health body added: “If you're aged 40 to 74, you can get your cholesterol checked as part of an NHS Health Check. “If your GP has advised you to change your diet to reduce your blood cholesterol, you should cut down on saturated fat and eat more fibre, including plenty of fruit and vegetables.”