A Cold Weather Payment of £25 is made to low income households every time the temperature drops, or is predicted to fall, below zero for seven consecutive days in their local area. Nearly four million British households will get a payment of £25 this winter with some receiving a triple payout of £75. The Cold Weather Payment scheme runs from November 1 to March 31 and is designed to help those on a low income pay for their energy bills. People on Universal Credit or Pension Credit usually qualify for this extra support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) if it’s been cold enough in their local area. The DWP made Cold Weather Payments to over 3,994,000 eligible individuals between November 1, 2020 and January 7, 2022. While some parts of the UK have been milder than usual, one area of the UK has triggered three cold weather payments this winter meaning households will be due £75. READ MORE: The freebies you can get on Universal Credit - 30 ways to save money Residents in Braemar, Aberdeenshire should have already had this triple Cold Weather Payment of £75. Britons can check to see if a payment is on its way by using the Cold Weather Payment postcode checker. All they need to do is enter their postcode on Gov.uk which will tell them whether it’s been cold enough to trigger a payment. Anyone who hasn’t received a payment but thinks they should is advised to contact their local benefits office. DON'T MISS:Inflation to hit 40-yr high with incomes plummeting [WARNING]State pension payments to increase in April [UPDATE]Fury as over 60s to lose free prescriptions due to state pension rule [WARNING]    Who qualifies for a Cold Weather Payment? To check eligibility for any of the above state benefits like Pension Credit, people can use a benefits calculator. It’s quick and simple to work out if someone could claim and there’s one on Gov.uk. Meanwhile, some people on a low income should also have received a Winter Fuel Payment by now. Britons who were born on or before September 26, 1955 could get between £100 and £300 to help them pay their heating bills. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To qualify for a Winter Fuel Payment, Britons should be receiving: