Manchester United have stressed there is nothing ‘imminent’ regarding their next manager after interviewing Erik ten Hag, reports say. The 52-year-old is one of the names in the frame to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And the Red Devils are using the international break to quicken the process. Manchester United sacked Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in November, relieving the Norwegian of his duties after a dire 4-1 defeat to Watford. Rangnick was then installed as the 49-year-old’s interim replacement, leaving his post at Lokomotiv Moscow to take over at Old Trafford. However, with United unwilling to consider the 63-year-old taking the job permanently, they’re now looking at long-term appointments instead. Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique have all been the subject of interest, with the trio currently managing at Paris Saint-Germain, Sevilla and the Spain national team respectively. Yet the Manchester Evening News say United have responded to the speculation over Ten Hag by saying there’s nothing ‘imminent’. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The publication does say, though, that the Red Devils and Ajax have a good relationship. It’s stated that Ajax actually approached the newspaper to suggest an open letter to supporters urging them to treat Donny van de Beek well when he moved to the Premier League back in 2020. Big things were expected of the 24-year-old when Solskjaer secured his arrival nearly two years ago. However, the Netherlands international was barely given a chance by United prior to joining Everton on loan back in January. While Ten Hag is the frontrunner for the position with the Red Devils, other targets can’t be ruled out. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message That’s partially because United aren’t the only team eyeing the Ajax boss, with Borussia Dortmund also interested. Links to Real Madrid have also arisen, with Carlo Ancelotti needing to at least win the La Liga title if he’s to see a second season at the helm. United have long admired Pochettino and previously mulled over his appointment in both 2016 and 2018, only to end up hiring Jose Mourinho and Solskjaer respectively instead. Lopetegui has rebuilt his career at Sevilla, helping them secure Europa League glory nearly two years ago. And Enrique is on United’s radar due to the good work he’s done at Roma, Celta Vigo, Barcelona and Spain in the past. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Meanwhile, Fabrizio Romano has said on his YouTube channel that Ten Hag ‘dreams’ of managing in the Premier League amid United links. “They have the list, Manchester United,” he said. “For sure, top of the list is Ten Hag and Pochettino, who has been admired for a long time. “The meeting with Ten Hag was a positive one, Pochettino is waiting to understand Manchester United’s position and Ten Hag is waiting to see what Manchester United want to do. “He wanted, during the interview, to talk about the budget, about signings, about the idea of the club. “So both parties are waiting to arrive at a final decision.” He added: “It’s true that Erik ten Hag has two more clubs interested in him for next season. It is not just Manchester United. “Nothing has been agreed yet, nothing has been completed yet, so that’s why the other two clubs are keeping an eye on Erik ten Hag. “However, it is also true Erik ten Hag dreams of a possibility in the Premier League. “So let’s see what will be the next step in talks and what Manchester United decide.”