Mr Klitschko, who is mayor of Kyiv, said the curfew will be imposed on the city from 8pm (6pm GMT) on Tuesday to 7am (5am GMT) on Thursday. He said: "It is prohibited to move around the city without special permission, except to go to bomb shelters. "The capital is the heart of Ukraine, and it will be defended. Kyiv, which is currently the symbol and forward operating base of Europe's freedom and security, will not be given up by us." He added that two people were killed in the latest bloodshed. Kyiv came under Russian bombardment overnight with images released by the country's State Emergency Service on Tuesday showing a high-rise apartment block in flames after being struck. Firefighters tried to fight the flames as rescue workers helped to evacuate residents trapped in the building using mobile ladders.   In another part of the captial, witnesses described seeing residents clearing debris from their homes after shelling blew out windows, ruined balconies and left wreckage strewn across the ground. Kyiv has been spared the worst of the fighting since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, but the Russian military is slowly closing in on the city with shelling intensifying. On Monday, a Russian projectile destroyed a bus in Kyiv, killing one person and injuring six. The blast was near Kurenivskyi Park and was corroborated by a message from Mr Klitschko, a former world heavyweight boxing champion.  READ MORE ABOUT A FARMER SHOOTING A DOG IN FRONT OF ITS OWNER Footage showed the projectile hit the ground from an angle in the park as pedestrians and cars passed by, sending debris across the street as the area filled with black smoke. Mr Klitschko, who reopened the nearby park in 2019 after its renovation, confirmed through a Facebook post from Kyiv City Council that there were no passengers on the bus at the time of the explosion.  The mayor of Kyiv said: "Just recently, the wreckage of a rocket fell on the road in Kurenivka. One person was killed and six were injured. An ambulance took the two wounded. The trolleybus, which was without passengers, was completely destroyed. "Windows flew, [there are] damaged balconies of surrounding houses and commercial premises on the ground floors. Rescuers and ambulance crews are working on the spot."  DON'T MISS: Binmen strikes hit highest level in 40 years [REVEALED] Woman screams in horror inside van in suspected ‘kidnapping’ [LATEST] Express readers reject Gove's £350 refugee scheme [POLL]  Russia denies targeting civilians and calls its actions a "special military operation" to "denazify" the country, a claim which Ukraine and its allies have rejected as a pretext for an unjustified and illegal attack. Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said Ukraine is hoping to open nine corridors on Tuesday to evacuate civilians trapped by Russian forces and to deliver humanitarian aid to the besieged port of Mariupol. Hundreds of thousands of people in Mariupol, which has been under constant bombardment, have sheltered in basements and the ruins of buildings without water or power for more than a week. Moscow on Monday allowed the first convoy to escape. City authorities say anywhere between 2,300 and 20,000 civilians have died so far in Russian shelling. The toll could not be independently confirmed. Meanwhile, the UK Government has announced new economic sanctions on Russia, including an export ban of some luxury goods to the country and a hike on import tariffs on a range of goods, including vodka. A spokesman said: "The UK Government has today announced a ban on exports to Russia of high-end luxury goods, while also hitting hundreds of key products with new import tariffs that represent a 35 percentage point hike on current rates. "Russian vodka is one of the iconic products affected by the tariff increases, while the export ban will likely affect luxury vehicles, high-end fashion and works of art. "The measures will cause maximum harm to Putin's war machine while minimising the impact on UK businesses as G7 leaders unite to unleash a fresh wave of economic sanctions on Moscow."   He added that the export ban will come into force shortly and will make sure oligarchs and other members of the elite, who have grown rich under Putin's reign and support his illegal invasion, are deprived of access to luxury goods. The spokesman said: "Denying Russia access to Most Favoured Nation tariff treatment for key imports and applying additional tariffs will restrict Russian exports to the UK. "The UK is working with our international partners and is supporting the World Trade Organization to prevent those who fail to respect the rules-based international order from reaping its benefits." 