On Twitter, financial journalist Martin Lewis said the decision to double the support fund “won’t impact” the majority of low income households who will need it most. Mr Sunak made the announcement during his Spring Statement to the House of Commons where he updated MPs on changes to the Budget. The decision to double the Household Support Fund comes as energy bill and inflation skyrocket to record levels to the detriment of millions across the country. Writing on Twitter, Martin Lewis said: "If that's all he's doing on energy - it is limited and won't impact the majority of households who will see a likely £1,300 average increase in year-on-year bills by October. “My head has sunk. I just hope there's a rabbit to come out of the hat." In the House of Commons, Mr Sunak said: “I want to do more to help our most vulnerable households with rising costs. “They need targeted support so I am doubling the Household Support Fund to £1billion with £500million of new funding. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim “Local authorities are best placed to help those in their local areas and they will receive this funding in April.” Managed by local councils, the Household Support Fund assists households who are in financial difficulty by giving them short-term support over periods of time. This help can include assistance with food, fuel bills and other essentials to those who need it. Within the Household Support Fund, a certain amount is ring-fenced to support families with children.  As well as the extra money for the Household Support Fund, Mr Sunak also confirmed a 5p cut to fuel duty and significant increase to the National Insurance threshold to further support low income households. However, some experts in poverty within the UK believe more can be done to target the country's 'most vulnerable' households Dan Paskins, the director of UK Impact at Save the Children, explained: “The measures the chancellor has announced will benefit those on middle and higher incomes most and won’t come close to closing the gap rising prices have left in family budgets. “A 5p cut to fuel duty coupled with an increase to the national insurance threshold translates into an additional £18.40 per month for the poorest families, in the context of a real-terms income cut of £55 a month.  “And while we welcome the continuation of the Household Support Fund, it’s designed for one-off unexpected costs, so this measure is grossly insufficient when families are facing soaring costs every day. “The government must do more. The best way to support the families who are struggling most is to increase social security payments by at least to match the rate at which prices are increasing.” Torsten Bell, the chief executive of the Resolution Foundation, added: “Household Support Fund being doubled to £1billion is the main measure focused on lower income households (discretionary fund handed out by councils). “That is a total disaster if it really is for support for low and middle income households (ie no extra benefits uprating).”  Torsten Bell, the chief executive of the Resolution Foundation, added: “Household Support Fund being doubled to £1billion is the main measure focused on lower income households (discretionary fund handed out by councils). “That is a total disaster if it really is for support for low and middle income households (ie no extra benefits uprating).” On who will benefit from the extra funding, Sarah Coles from Hargreaves Lansdown added: “The extra money available through the Household Support Fund will be vital for some. “However, what you will be entitled to will depend on the criteria set by your council, so you need to get to grips with how it works, and how to apply. “If you’re struggling to make sense of what’s on offer, it’s always worth talking to Citizens Advice, who know the system well and can offer all the guidance you need.” James Forrestor, the managing director of Barrows and Forrestor, added: “While there’s been no real property initiatives announced today other than 0 percent VAT on energy saving initiatives, other announcements such as the cut in fuel duty and the increase to the household support fund will, at least, help reduce this overall cost of living."    Justina Miltienyte, energy policy expert at Uswitch.com, said: “This should provide some small amount of breathing room for those that are particularly hard pressed at present, although it’s unlikely to solve the issue completely. “Putting another £500million into the Household Support Fund is a start, but too few households know about how to access this help, and this support needs to be reassessed before we enter the winter." Jayadeep Nair, the chief product and marketing officer for Equifax UK, predicted the extra funding will “go a long way” to mitigating the cost of living crisis. Mr Nair explained: “The cost of living crisis is unravelling at an alarming pace and millions of families across the UK were hoping to hear the Chancellor offer some relief in today’s Spring Statement. “After two years of generous and far-reaching Government support in response to the pandemic, Rishi Sunak was left with few cards left to play, and his three-part Tax Plan offered only partial respite for consumers who are facing inflation at its highest level in 30 years." Mr Nair said doubling the Household Support Fund, which local authorities can offer vulnerable residents, from £500million to £1billion, would go "go a long way to help the rapidly growing number of people that are having to choose between heating and eating".