Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand has told the Glazers that they should not expect the club to immediately be successful when a new manager is appointed in the summer. The former England international thinks that the club needs to realise ‘where they’re at’. Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax’s Erik ten Hag have both been linked with making the move to the Red Devils in the summer. However, given that the club appears to be regressing rather than progressing of late, one would expect that both managers have their doubts about how quickly they can show their worth at the club and whether they will do themselves justice. Ralf Rangnick has tried to steady the ship since being appointed after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked earlier this season, but the German has struggled to grind out results and win over the dressing room. And Ferdinand believes that the club needs to fully invest in the project that a new manager will bring in the summer and give them enough time to bear fruits. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick 'has made mind up' about Cristiano Ronaldo  Speaking on his Vibe with Five YouTube channel, he said: “The problem I have is that Ralf has come in but then you're going to have to change it again for someone else's style of football. It's then going to be another upheaval, a new style to implement and players understanding that. “I think personally United have got to write off the next year or two in terms of trophies, minimum. “Say ‘we're going to rebuild what we have, get our recruitment right and there is a certain style of play under this new manager that we are going to go with and he is going to have time to get it all right, there is going to be mistakes, a few things that go wrong but we are going to stick with this guy and give him a minimum of two years to work it out’ and see the progress and that development happen. 'It's going to take that long, and you can't have that transition and win. It doesn't happen.  “Liverpool didn't do it. How long did it take Klopp to win? You have to take a leaf out of other team's books. “Sometimes you've got to humble yourself and take stock and say in reality, that is where we are at.” Rangnick was not able to sign any players in the January transfer window because the club wanted to ensure that arrivals would slot into the new manager's plans. Therefore, one would imagine that the club are expecting a busy summer transfer window and are committed to greenlighting the demands of their new man in the dugout. But with Rangnick moving into a consultancy role at the club, he too will have a say on transfers. The former RB Leipzig boss is thought to have lost his faith in Cristiano Ronaldo, according to the Manchester Evening News, and has his doubts over whether the 37-year-old is capable of spearheading the United attack next season. With Edinson Cavani out of contract at the end of the season, it would be a surprise if the Red Devils didn’t sign a striker before next season. But finding a player capable of hitting the ground running in the Premier League and displacing Ronaldo will be a significant scouting mission and whoever the arrival is will also need time to adjust.