His invasion of Ukraine defies rational explanation. Yes, Russia possesses the firepower to raze the country to the ground, but such tactics will never win it the loyalty of the population. A Ukraine occupied by Russia would be a prison-state, with Moscow-imposed strongmen facing a constant battle with insurgents for whom surrender is not an option. Officials in the city of Mariupol - which has endured unrelenting bombardment - warn of "full-scale genocide". Kharkiv, the country's second city, has been blitzed to the point where it is said there are practically no areas "where an artillery shell has not yet hit". We witnessed just how little respect Putin has for human life in the wars in Chechnya and Syria, and his status as a war criminal is beyond doubt. It may be too much to hope he will face prosecution in The Hague, but he is destined to spend the rest of his life locked within Russia's borders, regarded by the outside world as a pariah and a maniac. Ukrainians will have seen MPs from across party divides rise to their feet in the Commons yesterday to applaud their nation's ambassador. Russia will have heard the PM pledge to crack down on the oligarchs who have stashed their stolen wealth in this country. We have been humbled by the resilience and dignity of the brave people of Ukraine. Premature babies are being cared for in the basement shelter of the capital's biggest paediatric centre, and the courage, love and pride of the parents for their children shines even brighter at this appalling time in their country's history. Putin is leading Russia towards disaster as he pursues his crazed ambitions, but the fear-defying tenderness of parents who clutch their newborn sons and daughters points to a greater reality. The joy parents feel when they celebrate a new birth was mirrored when Ukraine threw off communism and tasted freedoms we have known for centuries. The citizens of this young democracy love their country fiercely and they will fight to ensure their children do not grow up under a foreign tyrant. Ukrainians will never forget the starvation they suffered on Stalin's watch and they will not surrender to the kleptocratic regime that now runs Russia. In these frightening moments it may be hard to believe that Ukraine's best days are ahead of it, but we should all keep faith with the extraordinary men and women who are now pleading for our help.