In Putin’s war rooms, Russian Defence Minister, Sergei Shoigu, cuts a familiar figure. A long-time government staple, he has maintained a position close to the president, with whispers he could one day take over the job himself. But Mr Shoigu heads up more than just Putin’s armed forces, an expert has said. Andrei Soldatov, a Russian writer and security expert, has named Mr Shoigu as one of the confidantes Putin is most likely to listen to. He told the BBC: "Mr Shoigu is not only in charge of the military, he's also partly in charge of ideology - and in Russia ideology is mostly about history and he's in control of the narrative." Shoigu has been steadfast in his defence of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, saying Moscow will continue its "special military operation" in the country until "set goals are achieved”. Speaking on Tuesday in Moscow, he reiterated the Kremlin’s goal to "protect the Russian Federation from the military threat posed by Western countries." He added: "I emphasize that strikes are carried out only on military facilities and exclusively with high-precision weapons.” This statement is not supported by much of the eyewitnesses accounts and analyses coming out of Ukraine. On Wednesday, the UN recorded 752 civilian casualties in Ukraine - a number likely to be much higher, they added. READ MORE: Russian losses: The REAL stats as Ukraine figures show heavy damage This came after heavy shelling intensified in the residential areas of cities such as Kharkiv, the country’s second-most populous city. Dr Dmitry Gorenburg, a Russian military expert, added that the sheer amount of time Shoigu has spent in the top ranks confers him a higher level of respect. He told Fox News: "If you look at who was in minister roles in 1999 and are still around now, there are only two names: one is Shoigu, the other is Putin.” Dr Gorenburg argued that Shoigu, originally from the Tuva Republic in southern Siberia, was unlikely to ever ascend to the very top role. DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin 'blackmail' plot to 'evacuate Europe' [LIVE]Brave freedom fighters will never bow to Putin - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] Russia: Countries that could be Putin's next target - 'Why not?' [INSIGHT] He said: "This means that he is not threatening to Putin personally, or his other senior lieutenant. “That's always the thing that autocrats fear." He added: "He's been quite effective. “And he knew how to play the generals to make them feel like he understood them and respected their traditions and so forth while he could still press ahead." Russian military forces seized a nuclear plant in Ukraine on Friday morning, following heavy Russian shelling on the plant that sparked a fire. The Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant is the biggest in Europe, and Ukraine’s Emergency Services managed to put out the blaze. Authorities added the site remains secure, and radiation levels have not wavered from the normal. Prime Minister Boris Johnson slammed Moscow’s attack as “reckless”, and one which could “directly threaten the safety of all of Europe”. Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelensky, issued an even more chilling warning: “If there is an explosion, it is the end of everything. “The end of Europe.”