Since Putin ordered Russian troops to invade Ukraine last week, western powers, including the UK, have been announcing various lists of sanctions against the Russian President and his connections. Since then, fears have arisen that the Kremlin will retaliate by launching a series of hostile malware and cyber attacks, targeted at the UK Government.  Earlier this week, the Ukrainian embassy in London was hit by one such attack, bringing down key websites and emails. However, an expert has warned that aside from directly targetting major banks and companies in the UK, Putin may attempt to cause “chaos and disruption” by targeting smaller companies down the supply chain. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Danny Lopez, the CEO of a cybersecurity technology company Glasswall, warned against such imminent attacks by Russian hackers. He said: “I think that we have to expect and we have to prepare for attacks in the coming days, weeks, and months.  “We know that attacks originating in Russia are most likely state-sponsored.” Though Mr Lopez believed that targeted attacks on the UK are highly likely as a retaliation to the sanctions imposed on Russia, another threat that the UK faces is disruption and chaos through indirect attacks by targeting specific companies in a supply chain. “I think we look back at 2017, at the NotPetya cyberattacks that had huge impacts on infrastructure, critical services, etc. “That is an example of an attack that wasn't aimed to spread around the world, but it did. READ MORE: Ukrainian Embassy in London under 'massive' cyberattack “In a world where the supply chain element is so important, you can hit a software company that happens to be a service provider for a very large company.“As a result of that, you can be indirectly hit as an organisation, while not being targeted directly, because one of your suppliers was the victim of a cyber attack.” Mr Lopez warned that part of the risk of living in a world where everything is interconnected is that when one company is attacked, the spillover effect can be “devastating and multiply massively across the globe.” He gave an example saying: “You don't necessarily have to attack a bank. DON'T MISS: Saudi Arabia hands Putin oil lifeline after major blow [REVEAL] Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [MAPPED] Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war [SPOTLIGHT] “You can attack a company that's a very important software provider to the bank. “As a result of that, five banks would go down. Mr Lopez warned that the attacks conducted by Russian hackers would be strategic and with purpose. He said: “There will be a very strategic and measured way of deploying cyber attacks. “Just like this invasion has been planned for months, state-sponsored Russian cyber attacks will have planned for just the same amount of time. “For a very long time, problems and weaknesses in our defences will be monitored and explored, and there will be a whole host of malicious code ready to go.” 