Adidas has suspended its partnership with the Russian Football Federation, a spokesperson has revealed. It's the latest major sponsorship the country has lost since President Vladimir Putin ordered an invasion of Ukraine, which started last week. The spokesperson has refused to give further details of the decision, made in line with other sports bodies that have cut ties with Russia in the wake of the disturbing attack on Ukraine. Adidas, the world-renowned German sportswear giant, has acted as Russia's national teams' kit supplier since 2018. But as the death toll rises in Eastern Europe and sanctions on the nation subsequently increase, they have suspended the deal. The decision follows FIFA and UEFA's decision to suspend Russia's club and national teams from all competitions until further notice. It means Russia's men's team won't face Poland in next month's World Cup play-off semi-final, crushing the nation's chances of appearing at the tournament in Qatar. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Tuchel erupts at reporter over Abramovich question Their women's side also won't participate in this summer's European Championships, whilst Spartak Moscow have lost their place in the Europa League knockout stages. A statement read: "Following the initial decisions adopted by the FIFA Council and the UEFA Executive Committee, which envisaged the adoption of additional measures, FIFA and UEFA have today decided together that all Russian teams, whether national representative teams or club teams, shall be suspended from participation in both FIFA and UEFA competitions until further notice. "These decisions were adopted today by the Bureau of the FIFA Council and the Executive Committee of UEFA, respectively, the highest decision-making bodies of both institutions on such urgent matters. READ MORE: Liverpool boss Klopp offers Thiago injury update and return date "Football is fully united here and in full solidarity with all the people affected in Ukraine. "Both Presidents hope that the situation in Ukraine will improve significantly and rapidly so that football can again be a vector for unity and peace amongst people." The stance from Adidas, FIFA and UEFA won't change anytime soon unless there is an unlikely change in Russia's attempts to invade Ukraine. UEFA have already stripped Russia of the honour of hosting the 2022 Champions League final, previously set for the Gazprom Arena in St. Petersburg. The showcase event will now take place at the Stade de France in Paris. The governing body's sponsorship deal with Gazprom, worth around £33million (€40m) per season, has also been terminated. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.