Prince Willam and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, were met with protests in Jamaica on Tuesday as campaigners demanded reparations for slavery, amid claims the Queen had “perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in history”. It was not the first protest marking their visit after their first major engagement in Belize had to be cancelled due to a protest, where campaigners spoke of the royal tour’s “colonial overtones”. In a speech in Jamaica on Wednesday night, the Duke expressed his "profound sorrow" at "abhorrent" slavery, which he called a "stain on history" that should "never have happened". In an official meeting with the Jamaican prime minister on Wednesday, the Duke and Duchess were told that “unresolved issues” remain in the Commonwealth nation, raising prospects that it might soon seek to become a republic. This comes after Barbados severed ties with the British monarchy, becoming a republic under its first president, Dame Sandra Mason, who replaced the Queen as head of state. Dame Sandra described the move as a “seminal moment” in which Barbados – one of England’s first slave colonies – fully left its colonial past behind. Barbados remains a Commonwealth member, though only in name, and concerns that its independence could trigger a “domino effect” have been rumbling within palace walls. The Queen sent the country her "warmest good wishes" for "happiness, peace and prosperity in the future," and said the nation holds a "special place" in her heart. Now, however, Kate and William’s royal tour – met with a mixture of warmth and hostility – indicates the level of flux in which many island nations find themselves in. READ MORE: 'Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks Kate & William backlash overseas  Many Commonwealth realms have indicated that it is time to end the long history of association with Britain as a colonial power. In December, Andrew Holness, the Jamaican prime minister, said there was “no question that Jamaica has to become a republic”. And, in an open letter, protesters in Belize told the royals: “We will not participate in your Platinum Jubilee celebrations. “We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, have perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind.” Some in the region have noted that in an era of global change in the wake of a pandemic, severing ties with the Commonwealth might be ill-timed. But experts believe this could all change once the Queen dies, with the Commonwealth falling like a house of cards. So, what do you think? Will the Commonwealth fall once the Queen dies? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comments section below. 