A yellow warning for ice and snow has been issued for northern Scotland where a few centimetres of snow could accumulate on the high ground, although a wintry mix is also likely on lower ground. However, accumulations are unlikely to hang around for too long through the day on Wednesday. The warning stated: “Snow and hail showers will lead to ice forming on untreated surfaces and hazardous driving conditions.  “Wintry showers on Tuesday evening will turn increasingly to snow and hail during the early hours of Wednesday. “This will lead to ice forming on untreated surfaces. Snow accumulations of 1-2 cm are likely above 100 metres elevation and 2-5 cm above 200-300 metres. “Wintry showers will continue during daylight hours on Wednesday, but additional lying snow will be mostly over higher hills and mountains.” According to the forecasters, isolated rural areas in the north of Scotland could see temperatures reach as low as –8C on Thursday night, with sub-zero temperatures possible overnight for much of the UK throughout the week.   Met Office Chief Meteorologist Steve Willington said: “Cold and unsettled weather is taking charge over much of the UK this week, as cold air is drawn in from the north and brings with it the risk of rain, sleet and snow. “Although there’s still some uncertainty on the exact positioning of snow showers, the trend is for a mix of sleet and snow to fall as a cold front moves from the north to the south from late on Tuesday through to Thursday morning. “Some clear spells are still around later in the week, with the best of any sunshine likely to be in the south and west of the UK, albeit feeling cold compared to last week.” According to the Met Office, the unsettled temperatures will continue through to the weekend, with the cold front clearing the far southeast on Thursday morning, followed by wintry showers for many places on Thursday and Friday, ahead of a continued unsettled weekend. READ MORE: Eurostar under threat as new competitor in 'advanced talks'  Temperatures are likely to gradually recover to near-average over the weekend and into next week. Jo Farrow, a meteorologist with Netweather.com said: “Thursday and Thursday night looks the coldest times, and the chill slowly eases through the weekend. “Taking its time for eastern Britain but easing off from the northwest during Monday. “High pressure begins to build in from the west, but other features could get caught in the flow from the north and draw cloud, rain and snow down through the UK. “There is a signal for something moving through Friday night into Saturday. DON'T MISS:‘Ruthless’ Scott Morrison facing coup as ‘backstabbing’ PM blastedRussia ‘repositioning’ rather than ‘withdrawing’ troops, says US Hospital issues ‘black alert’ “The main focus for the second part of this week for northeast Britain is the snow showers coming in off the North Sea. “There might be a light covering over the main hills of southern Britain early Thursday to set off social media excitement. “However, it is the early Thursday (possible) frontal wave that is causing agitation. “Another widespread frost for Friday morning, sheltered spots in eastern England could also see a frost, depending on the gaps in the cloud cover but there looks to be a bit more breeze stirring the air here. “Later on Friday an area of cloud, rain and possibly hill snow looks to move down the UK.” 