There are countless initiatives, drives and campaigns currently running to help get much needed supplies and funds to desperate Ukrainians who face the unimaginable. However, Barclays has warned that some people have shockingly seen the tragedy as an opportunity for fraud and scams. Barclays notes on their website that fraudsters are quick to adapt to global and local situations, and even in times of crisis this has proved true. At the beginning of the COVID-19, when grants and schemes were being dished out to help the most vulnerable see the other side of the pandemic, fraudulent claims of these grants were worryingly common. Similarly, scammers are utilising the devastating conflict happening in Ukraine to take advantage of those who are generously trying to help in any way they can. Barclays noted on their website: “Fraudsters often use global events or tragedies as an opportunity to prey on your compassion and willingness to help others in need.”  They cautioned: “They may use the situation in Ukraine as a cover story to get you to divulge personal details, move money out of your account, or ask for donations to fake relief efforts. Please be careful and check you’re donating to an accredited, legitimate charity.” Barclays has also shared the Take Five to Stop Fraud campaign which is made to help customers avoid falling for scams and fraud. Originally launched by UK Finance, the campaign notes the following steps should be taken to protect customers and their money: Often scammers push through a sense of urgency as this is the easiest way to get victims to ignore their common sense. The first step of the campaign is to “take a moment” to really think before giving out any personal information or finance details. Barclays shared: “Only criminals will try to rush or panic you.” With this in mind, any communication one receives from a legitimate organisation will not be brash or abrasive if met with questioning. Legitimate spokespeople or customer service representatives are usually open to any questioning and Britons are reminded that it’s okay to reject, refuse or simply ignore any suspicious requests. If anyone believes they have been targeted or have fallen for a scam, they should report it to Action Fraud as soon as possible. Global cybersecurity company Avast has also released caution warnings for those looking to help Ukrainians. They noted that cyber criminals are taking advantage of the chaos by going online and pretending to be Ukrainians in need of financial help. They noted: “These attackers do not operate ethically and will use any opportunity to get money out of people willing to help others.” A cryptocurrency scam has also been reported which takes people to a webpage asking them to support Ukraine by buying a new coin named ‘UkraineTokens’. Avast recommended those trying to legitimately help Ukraine stick to the below guidelines to avoid falling victim to these horrifying scams: