Binmen in areas such as Barrow-in-Furness, Wiltshire, Solihull and Sussex have gone on strike amid calls for larger pay rises than what has been offered by local councils. The GMB union said bin lorry drivers were taking industrial action over the cost of living crisis. Drivers have said they could be paid more in other jobs because of the high demand for qualified HGV drivers at the moment. Workers at Adur and Worthing councils in West Sussex began a two-week strike on Monday morning over a pay dispute. Due to the walkouts, uncollected sacks of rubbish could be piled up in the streets. Residents were urged to double-bag their rubbish and store it in sheds or garages to shield it from wildlife. A spokesman for the councils said that a good pay deal had been negotiated with Unison, another union that represents bin workers. The spokesperson added: “From today, Adur and Worthing residents will suffer because of a decision by the GMB, which we believe to be completely unjustified.” However, Gary Palmer, an official from the GMB union, hit back, noting that if residents were unhappy with their refuse not being collected they should notify their local councillors. Gary said: “Adur and Worthing’s elected councillors should think about pressuring their directors and executive to formally speak with us sooner rather than later. READ MORE: Locals wage war with WHEELIE BINS against drivers on street “If we see a prolonged dispute, the decision not to speak with GMB may come back to haunt elected officials come election time in May. “If residents are unhappy with rubbish on the streets and on their doorsteps, they can let their councillors know how they feel.” Binmen in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, also took part in a three-day strike took place last week. Refuse workers will also strike again from Wednesday to Friday, a feat that will affect more than 33,000 households. DON'T MISS Neighbours in bitter row as roof terrace built without permission [REVEAL]Roman Abramovich spotted in airport VIP lounge [PICTURES]POLL: Do you support a rise in the pension age or should it remain 66? [POLL] Another dispute involving refuse collection workers in Coventry involves Unite, another trade union. Gary Smith, the general secretary of GMB, said there were an unprecedented number of strikes happening simultaneously, something unheard of in his almost four decades in post. He said: “I’ve been at GMB for 38 years and during that time, I’ve never known so many bin strikes happening at the same time. “Like everyone else, our members working in refuse collection face a catastrophic cost-of-living crisis that’s only set to get worse. “They’ve put their lives on the line throughout the pandemic and with HGV drivers in massive demand, they are getting good offers elsewhere. It’s only natural they’re fighting to get a better deal. “GMB members across the UK are taking on bosses and winning the big pay rises they deserve. Employers should be aware our members will fight to make work better.” The walkouts came as households face a council tax rise of up to five per cent, on top of surging energy bill increases and inflation at a 30-year high.