Carly (played by Gemma Atkinson) left Emmerdale in 2017 after a two-year stint in the village, which mainly revolved around her relationship with Marlon (Mark Charnock). The two love birds faced some hurdles as Carly's father, Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) wasn't completely on board with the romance to begin with but he soon mellowed. However, she decided to leave the ITV soap after the Woolpack chef told her they needed to end their relationship and she subsequently moved away to start a new chapter of her life. Though, this could have included giving birth to her former lover's child, who she has been raising alongside her ex-boyfriend for the past five years. The former resident's return could come at the worst time, as Marlon will suffer a stroke in next week's episodes of the weeknight serial drama. As Carly hears from her father about Marlon's condition, she could decide it is time for him to meet his child before it's too late. At the moment, the iconic character only thinks he is the father of April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan) and Leo Goskirk (Harvey Rogerson). Even though having another child would have never crossed his mind as if Carly had a child, he thought Bob would have told him. Not wanting Marlon to know about the baby, Carly could have easily passed the child off as someone else's and there would have been no questions asked. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly red-faced as Mr Motivator demands apology Asked why she didn't tell Marlon about the baby, Carly could explain she was so hurt by the chef ending their relationship she didn't want anything to do with him ever again. Having struck up a romance with her ex-boyfriend Matt (Jack Hickey) shortly after her split from Marlon, she could have thought it was easier to make everyone believe he was the father. Matt was also the father of her late son Billy, who died from cot death before she arrived in the village in 2015, so they had a complicated history. However, the pair could have discovered the same problems which saw them split before were rearing their head again and they thought it would be best to part ways again than inflict trauma on the child. Therefore, Carly would think given Marlon's condition, it would be best for him to meet the five-year-old so she wasn't hiding anything from him if something awful was to happen during his recovery. The actress who played Carly and former Strictly Come Dancing Gemma has spoken out on whether she would be willing to return to the show. Gemma explained: "Emmerdale has mentioned me going back, but with soaps, the thing that people don’t realise is that the cast and crew do quite gruelling hours. "What I love now about my job with the radio is I know every single day when I’m going to get home. "I can plan my family life and fit being a mum around that job. Maybe when Mia is a bit older and in school I might consider it, but at the minute it’s not practical. "Especially with Gorka [Marquez] doing a lot of touring and stuff," she said in an interview with OK! Magazine. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charley Webb sparks frenzy with reunion with co-stars [COMMENT]Matthew Wolfenden health: The 'big operation' Emmerdale star underwent [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale star Alexander Lincoln talks soap's 'intense' 11-hour days [COMMENT] Although a full-time return might not be imminent just yet, she could make a very small guest appearance to introduce Marlon to his child. As the iconic character begins his recovery, Carly could leave again before coming back in a year or so to give Marlon time to spend with his child once he is in a better place. This could be very similar to how Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) was reintroduced into the show after decades away from the Dales. The beloved villager made her come back with Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson), who many assumed was the son of Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt). However, when she returned full-time later on down the line, her backstory and past were explored in a little more detail. This is what could happen with Carly as she gives Marlon and her father Bob a little bit of information about what's happened during her time away. As she's reintroduced full-time, viewers could discover what she has been up to and why her romance with Matt really came to an end. Following her departure from the show in 2017, Gemma revealed at the time she would be up for reprising her role in the future. The actress said: "I think the possibility of Carly coming back is huge. "She has got her dad in the village, and little April. She didn't say bye to April so that will weigh heavily on her mind." "She’ll go and try having a really happy life with Matt but there will be a shadow over it because she has unfinished business in Emmerdale," Gemma added. "Carly will return, it’s just figuring out when and why and who she can mess up when she gets back," the soap star continued in an interview with The Sun. Taking to Twitter, viewers are keen to see her back in the village, with Lee writing: "Why couldn't we have brought back Carly instead of Faith [Dingle]? That would have been better @MissGAtkinson @Emmerdale #Emmerdale." "@MissGAtkinson please bring Carly back, Marlon needs her! @markcharnock #emmerdale," Linda posted on the social media platform. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour long episode airing on Thursdays.