Barcelona have placed as many as seven players up for sale in a desperate bid to clear out Xavi's squad ahead of summer, according to reports in Spain. It's an all too familiar pattern for the Catalan giants, who are now looking to rectify the mistakes of the past by easing the club's financial struggles. But the board do not have just money in mind. Xavi is already showing huge ambition following his appointment in November and he wants to improve the club's squad in all departments. He has already brought in Ferran Torres, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Adama Traore (loan) in January. All three have helped Barcelona turn their season around after moving up to third place in La Liga. Not only that but Barca also sent out a clear statement of intent by thrashing Real Madrid 4-0 in El Clasico. READ MORE: Archaf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' Now Spanish outlet AS claim up to seven players are being pushed towards the exit door. That includes Sergi Roberto, who now has plenty of miles on the clock at the age of 30. His contract is still under discussion but the Spaniard is now more than likely to depart after making over 200 appearances for Barca. Clement Lenglet has also been told he can find a new club after being cast aside. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt The Frenchman was once being tracked by the likes of Tottenham and Arsenal but has since lost his way. The same also applies to his former centre-back partner Samuel Umtiti, who was part of the World Cup-winning France squad in 2018. Umtiti took a pay-cut last summer to help the club's financial status but Barcelona would still like to move him on. Martin Braithwaite hasn't had a sniff since he arrived despite being a former favourite under Ronald Koeman. The forward and Luuk De Jong will now be shafted towards the exit door, providing a buyer arrives at the table. Oscar Mingueza is also up for grabs with Leeds one of the clubs being linked with his services. Riqui Puig is another name that could depart with Wolves tipped as a potential destination. The majority of these players will be pushed towards English clubs ahead of the window. Barcelona are already making inroads in their pursuit of new additions after making contact over a deal for Raphinha.