Shane Warne opened up on the "happiest days" of his life which he shared with ex-fiancee Liz Hurley in poignant comments shortly before his death. The cricketing legend died today in Thailand aged 52 years old.  He and model Liz dated from 2010 until 2013, briefly getting engaged before calling it quits. And during an interview with The Mirror, Shane admitted he looked back on those days fondly. “I was more in love with Elizabeth than I'd realised I could be,” he said. "I miss the love we had. My years with Elizabeth were the happiest of my life."  In the same interview, he confessed he would sometimes get jealous of the time Liz spent with her ex Hugh Grant, having remained good friends with the actor after their 2000 split. “The long periods apart were too difficult. The more you're apart, the more you ask questions. I got jumpy about the time Elizabeth spent with Hugh Grant, for example,” he said. Today, it was announced Shane had passed away at the age of 52 from a suspected heart attack. The Australian cricket icon's management released a brief statement on his death, which occurred while he was in Thailand. "It is with great sadness we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand today, Friday 4th March," it read. "Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. "The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course." As recently as Friday morning, Shane was leading a heartfelt social media tribute to his compatriot Rod Marsh, which included: "Sad to hear the news that Rod Marsh has passed. DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSIGHT]Gethin Jones posts update from hospital after ankle surgery [VIDEO]  "He was a legend of our great game and an inspiration to so many young boys and girls. "Sending lots and lots of love to Ros and the family. RIP mate." Tributes are already pouring in for the sporting legend nicknamed 'Warnie' from around the world. England football hero Gary Lineker said on Twitter: "Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. "The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can’t quite believe it. RIP Shane." Piers Morgan added: "Absolutely devastated to hear that ⁦Shane Warne⁩ has died from a heart attack aged just 52. "He was a genius cricketer, a supreme entertainer, a fantastic bloke and a great loyal friend for many years. "Just gutting news. RIP Warnie, I loved every minute in your company."