The Queen appeared as stoic as ever during 1992, when the Royal Family experienced a long string of scandals and issues. But royal author Robert Hardman reported claims the monarch was actually pained by the drama surrounding her. In an extract from his book Queen of Our Times: The Life of Queen Elizabeth II published by People magazine, Mr Hardman wrote: "Outwardly stoical, as ever, the Queen was finding the divorce talks deeply upsetting. "Another former member of the Household recalls that, every now and then, there would be a glimpse of her despair." A former staffer recalled trying to console the monarch who was witnessing the marriages of her three eldest children ending. The source told Mr Hardman: "It distressed her much more than she let on. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "I said, 'Ma'am, it seems to be happening everywhere. This is almost common practice.' "But she just said, 'Three out of four!' in sheer sadness and exasperation. "One shouldn't underestimate the pain she's been through." In 1992, the Queen first experienced the separation of Sarah Ferguson from Prince Andrew, announced in March that year. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark During that summer, the Duchess of York was hit by the publication of intimate pictures with an American financial manager. The scandal led to her further estrangement from the British Royal Family, which lasted for several years and reportedly compromised forever the Duchess' relationship with Prince Philip. Meanwhile, in April 1992 Buckingham Palace announced Princess Anne and Mark Phillips had filed for divorce. The Princess Royal eventually married Sir Timothy Laurence at Crathie Kirk near Balmoral Castle on December 12.   But that year also saw the breakdown of the marriage of Prince Charles and Princess Diana become public. The issues in their union were exposed in particular in May by Andrew Morton's book Diana: Her True Story to which the princess, as the author revealed following her death, had collaborated. A series of intimate conversations and tapes were leaked to the press in the following months. Prime Minister John Major eventually announced to the House of Commons the royal couple was formally separating in December. By then, the Queen had already been hit by another heartbreak - the fire at Windsor Castle, which became the symbol of the tragic year for the monarchy. The fire started in Queen Victoria's Private Chapel, where a faulty spotlight ignited a curtain next to the altar. The flames spread within minutes, and eventually tore down the nearby St George's Hall. The extraordinary effort to tame the blaze involved more than 220 firemen and 36 water pumps. While the monarch, as noted by Mr Hardman in his biography, never let transpire her personal sadness following the events experienced in 1992, she did acknowledge the year had been difficult in an extraordinary speech delivered at Guildhall to mark her Ruby Jubilee. She famously said: "1992 is not a year on which I shall look back with undiluted pleasure. "In the words of one of my more sympathetic correspondents, it has turned out to be an 'Annus Horribilis'."