Gary Neville believes that Manchester United could announce their next boss 'within a week' after reports emerged claiming that Erik ten Hag has been interviewed for the vacant managerial role at Old Trafford. The Ajax chief is believed to have held formal talks with the United hierarchy on Monday after weeks of speculation linking him with the role. United are set to finally appoint a permanent successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in the summer after months of uncertainty. Ralf Rangnick was tasked with steadying the ship on an interim basis after Solskjaer was given the boot by the club back in November, but he's set to move away from the dugout and into a consultancy role at the end of the season. Ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino have been the frontrunners for the vacancy ever since Solskjaer was axed. And it appears that the tedious process is finally ready to move onto the next stage after Ten Hag was invited to hold formal talks with the club. That development has led to Neville speaking out on the process - and the United icon believes that United could be in a position to announce their new manager sooner rather than later after Ten Hag was invited to hold initial talks over the role. READ MORE: Man Utd 'have already interviewed Ten Hag' with Ajax exit touted Neville tweeted: "Reports Ten Hag has been interviewed this week. If formal interviews have started and with it being such a public process I would expect a new manager announcement within a week or so." Despite news emerging of Ten Hag's interview, the club have continued to insist that there are no leading candidates for the role. As well as Pochettino, the likes of Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui are still in contention for the vacancy - although Chelsea chief Thomas Tuchel has been deemed to be unobtainable. The chaos at Stamford Bridge had presented the club with an opportunity to try and prise Tuchel away from the capital, but any move would be far from straightforward and United are keen to have their new manager in place sooner rather than later. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land RudigerPogba reveals battle with depression after World Cup medal stolenPSG set time frame on Pochettino decision amid sack fears And that could help clear the path for Ten Hag, who is seemingly the first candidate to hold formal talks with Manchester United. The Dutchman has forged a reputation as one of Europe's finest coaches during his four-year stint in Amsterdam with Ajax. The 52-year-old has won five trophies during his four years at the helm in Holland, including two domestic titles. The Dutch giants are currently on course to claim a third Eredivisie triumph this term as the season begins to draw to a conclusion. If United do plump for the Ajax chief ahead of a plethora of other highly-rated candidates, then it would set United back a cool £4million in compensation to prise the coveted coach away from the Dutch capital.