Sally Nugent, 50, was taken aback after actor Greg Wise spoke out about his sister Clare’s death today during an appearance on BBC Breakfast. The presenter reacted to a post shared by the programme’s official Twitter account. on the social media platform. The tweet contained a snippet of Greg’s conversation on the programme as he recounted his sister’s last months of life before she sadly died of bone cancer. The post read: “Actor Greg Wise cared for his sister before her death from cancer, now he is backing a campaign encouraging people to seek out help as soon as possible. On #BBCBreakfast he opened up about his experience.” In the clip, Greg said: “[…] you start to mirror the person that you’re with, and you’re both feeling exposed and vulnerable and alone. “And there’s shame, we need to talk about shame. When you become seriously ill, the shape that you had as the hale and hearty and vibrant worker, paying your way for society, being part of the community - all of that is taken away from you.” Sally retweeted the message in view of her 143,000 followers, as she confessed: “This stopped me in my tracks today.” Greg, who is married to actress Emma Thompson, has previously been outspoken on the loss of his sister and paid tribute to her during his stint on Strictly Come Dancing last year. Greg dedicated to her the first Couple's Choice routine of the series in the second episode. Strictly host Tess Daly announced that Greg would be dancing that night in honour of his late sister. Greg’s dance partner, Karen Hauer, suggested they could use the routine for “someone very special” in Greg’s life. A clip of the two speaking to one another before the show saw Karen telling Greg: "So this week we have couple's choice, and we can pick any genre. "And we're dancing a disco number. I know that there's someone very special in your life that loved disco." "Yeah," Greg replied. "My gorgeous sister, Clare, would always have banging disco music on whenever you came around. So I want to dedicate it to my sister, the disco diva." DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [UPDATE]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [LATEST] "Family is fantastically important to me," Greg added. "I feel very fortunate that we molded Emma [Thompson] and I, a family over the years. "And an extremely important part of the family was my sister Clare." He went on: "My sister was first diagnosed with breast cancer, and she had the brutal treatment of chemotherapy. "But I don't think she was ever out of the woods, because it wasn't found out until quite late on that in fact, she had got bone cancer. "And she died just over a year from the prognosis. "It's one of the hardest things when you are with someone you love witnessing their pain and their fear." Greg pointed out that his sister would be "absolutely thrilled" he would be dedicating the dance to her.