Bridgerton season two is on Netflix now and the focus is shifted away from Daphne Bridgerton (played by Phoebe Dynevor). For the new social season, her brother Anthony (Jonathan Bailey) takes the spotlight as he searches for a new wife. He finds an unexpected match in newcomer Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley), who has had a difficult past. Kate is the feisty and independent character of the new season and she is determined to find her sister Edwina (Charithra Chandran) the perfect suitor. The half-siblings had travelled from India to London to find Edwina a match. As they had experienced a lot of loss in the past, the family wanted to make sure they were financially secure. Kate and Edwina share the same father but have a different mother. Yet Edwina's mother Mary (Shelley Conn) sees Kate as her own child and loves her just the same. READ MORE: Why did Ben Miller leave Bridgerton as Lord Featherington? Kate's birth mother died when she was young, leaving her father to find a new wife. He married Edwina's mother, much to the distaste of Kate's grandparents. Kate and Edwina's father sadly died too and Kate started to see herself as a parental figure to Edwina. As a result, she put her love life on hold so she could ensure her younger sister had a promising future. During a dinnertime conversation with Kate's grandparents, Mary declares how she sees Kate as her own daughter. She corrects them, saying: "I have two daughters", showing how much she cares for Kate. Not much is known about Kate's parents in the original book by Julia Quinn. However, the series does go into some detail about what their father did for work. The untimely death of their father causes financial strain on the family. They are relying on a wealthy Englishman to secure their future. DON'T MISS...Jonathan Bailey partner: Who is the Bridgerton star dating? [INSIGHT] Bridgerton's Simone Ashley laughs it up with on-screen love interest [PICTURES] Bridgerton season 2 soundtrack: The covers and original tracks [EXPLAINER] This is a secret the Sharmas keep from the Bridgerton family, as well as Lady Danbury (Adjoa Andoh). All hell breaks loose when the real reason for their visit to London is exposed. Anthony was not happy with the fact he was being 'used' in this way. At the start of the series, Kate was disapproving of Anthony as she saw him as a womanizer. She felt he did not want to marry for love, something he admitted to. Kate knew he would secure Edwina and her stepmother's future, but refused to succumb to him nonetheless. This was until the very end of the series when their true feelings for each other were revealed. The pair could no longer hide their affair after Edwina came to the realisation they were in love. Edwina let her older sister marry the Viscount as she could see how badly they desired one another.  Bridgerton season 2 is on Netflix now.