Erling Haaland has reportedly 'dropped' his wage demands after successful talks with some of Europe's elite ahead of a move away from Borussia Dortmund in the summer.  Haaland, 21, joined Dortmund in January 2020 for a fee of around £20million from RB Salzburg. Since then, he has established himself as one of the best strikers in the world alongside fellow prodigy Kylian Mbappe and divisional rival Robert Lewandowski. With his £68m release clause reportedly becoming active this summer, the Norwegian is arguably going to be the most coveted footballer in the world, with clubs across the globe vying for his signature. His 80 goals in just 82 games for the German giants has piqued the interests of Europe's wealthiest clubs, including several from the Premier League. Real Madrid, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain are said to be leading the race for his signature, with City in need of a striker having failed to replace Sergio Aguero this season. A move seemed more unlikely earlier this season after Haaland's extortionate wage demands came to light.  But a report by Ruben Uria has found that following his £30m per season demands being dropped - equal to around £650,000-per-week - Haaland will now focus on a wage of £400,000-per-week to attract more suitors. "Months ago, an English club asked for what salary Haaland would request in the event of a transfer," Uria said. "They were told £30m NET per season. Nobody wanted to pay such a salary & the club withdrew its interest. This figure is now dropped to around £20m-£25m per season." Dortmund CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke expects Haaland's new club to be announced within the next month. Just one month ago, the club chief set a timeline on Haaland's decision and expected it to be done 'within six weeks'. “It (Haaland’s future) will certainly be resolved in the next few weeks, maybe a month, maybe six weeks,” Watzke said. “If he decides to leave, we will deal with it the way we always have. We have lost a few goal scorers in the past: Robert Lewandowski, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. We will find someone new again” 