F1 expert Ted Kravitz has analysed claims that Lewis Hamilton will come under threat from a hoard of up and coming drivers during the 2022 season. The Brit notched the fastest time during last week's testing in Barcelona, where the Mercedes team racked up 393 laps. With Bahrain's curtain-raiser creeping closer, Hamilton appears to have put last year's dramatic finish behind him as he gears up for the new season. On the final day of testing at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya, the seven-time world champion topped the fastest lap chart with new team-mate George Russell just behind. Whether Hamilton has the hunger and desire to chase a record-breaking eighth world title remains a topic of debate. Indeed, the Stevenage-born star may need more grit than ever in the face of sweeping regulation changes, which threaten to shuffle the balance of power and performance on the grid for the upcoming season. READ MORE: FIA release statement as decision made on Nikita Mazepin future A hoard of young drivers also have an extra year of experience under their belts, and could capitalise if they suddenly find themselves in competitive cars. During a Q&A for Sky Sports, Kravitz was asked whether new regulations and the chasing pack of Lando Norris, Charles Leclerc, Max Verstappen and Carlos Sainz could make this season one of Hamilton's toughest. "No, I think he's still got a very good chance this year, and the next, and the next," he responded. "I think he'll only be more motivated. "There have already been some great drivers who have tried to stop him winning the first seven, so I don't think that affects the way he is, or approaches his racing." Red Bull are once again expected to provide the sternest test this year, with Sergio Perez and Verstappen registering the third and fourth fastest lap times on the final day of Barcelona testing. The Dutchman was keen to issue a sly warning, however, by stating that the car will be much different once his team of mechanics continue its development. Verstappen will be eager to prove a point after last season's title win was somewhat tarnished by the decision of FIA race director Michael Masi, and the fallout which ultimately saw him sacked. Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich will have assumed the role on an alternating basis by the time the bitter rivals, accompanied by F1's other top talents, take their spots on the grid later this month. With lights out scheduled for March 20, teams will have another chance to test in Bahrain beforehand between March 10 and March 12.