Liverpool superstar Mo Salah has been in the headlines over the past few days, with the Egyptian still reluctant to sign on the dotted line of the Reds' most recent contract offer. His agent appeared to fire a shot at Jurgen Klopp on social media, and with a big game against Arsenal on the horizon it remains to be seen whether he will be taken out of the spotlight and rested. Brighton are no slouches though, and with several changes believed to be in the pipeline, Express Sport looks at how the Reds could set out their side on Saturday afternoon: Back-up option Caoimhin Kelleher has proved himself as a talented deputy when called upon in cup competitions this season. He helped fend off Chelsea when Liverpool lifted the Carabao Cup last month, but Alisson Becker remains the man for the big occasion more often than not. At this stage of the Premier League season, every game is a big occasion, and the Brazilian will be keen to add to his haul of 14 clean sheets so far this campaign. JUST IN: Liverpool dealt ominous Mo Salah blow as extent of 'breakdown' in contract talks emerges Klopp's back four has stayed fairly consistent this season, although the development of Ibrahima Konate seems to have given him something to think about. The 22-year-old Frenchman looks increasingly impressive when given opportunities in red, but having sat out of the midweek Champions League clash against Inter Milan with injury, he is likely to miss out against Brighton too. Reds fans have little to worry about though, as Joel Matip and Virgil van Dijk have proven themselves a worthy partnership. Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andrew Robertson flying forward has become a customary sight these days, and with 20 league assists between them already, there is little sign of an imminent change.  Having started on the bench in midweek, Jordan Henderson looks certain to come back into the fold at the Amex Stadium alongside the ever-reliable Fabinho. Curtis Jones is expected to make way after the youngster played from the start of Tuesday's defeat. Exactly who makes up the trio will be one of Klopp's key decisions, with Thiago Alcantara carrying a little more sparkle than Naby Keita, but also a higher risk of injury ahead of their trip to the Emirates. With every point imperative, the Spaniard could get the nod on Saturday as Brighton's defence has proven tough to break down this term. Mo Salah's contract situation was brought back into focus this week, presenting Klopp with another reason to drop the 29-year-old after his agent scathingly laughed off suggestions that Liverpool are doing their best to agree new terms with the attacker. Even with Arsenal on the horizon, however, it remains illogical to rest the division's top scorer who could be partnered on the opposite flank by the similarly-devastating Sadio Mane. Through the middle, Diogo Jota had only just done the unthinkable by displacing Roberto Firmino as the spearhead of the Reds' fearsome attack when the Reds pulled the trigger on Luis Diaz in January. But the Colombian has been electric since his £37million arrival, and could get the nod up top as Firmino is expected to return to the bench after recovering from a groin problem.