Aljaz Skorjanec took to Instagram and bid a sad farewell to Strictly Come Dancing before he was swiftly inundated with heartbreaking messages from his fellow co-stars. The professional dancer admitted it was a "tough decision" in a candid goodbye post. The BBC favourite, who is married to fellow dancer Janette Manrara announced the news on the picture-sharing site today, as he was immediately met with messages after he quit the BBC series. A number of his Strictly colleagues took to the comment section and shared their dismay over the news. One of the first people to react was co-star Neil Jones, who wrote: "Bro you are going to be missed on the show by everyone especially me." Kai Widdrington remarked: "You will be missed brother, so happy I got to share the Strictly floor with you." READ MORE: Jane Seymour, 71, showcases ageless beauty in plunging green gown  Strictly judge Motsi Mabuse commented: "All the best." Amy Dowden wrote: "Ali Ali Ali, you have no idea how much you are going to be missed by everyone! Your charm, energy, smile and most of all kindness! Lots of love Ali always! ( I’m still calling for you to carry me btw)." Karen Hauer commented:  "The one and only aljaz. King of the ballroom. You will be missed my friend." Graziano di Prima offered: "Best of luck my friend for a beautiful FUTURE AHEAD XX @aljazskorjanec."  The official BBC account shared a series of heart emojis underneath Aljaz's lengthy post. His former dance partner Clara Amfo penned: "Eternal salute to the very best and most fun dance parter any of us 'celebs' could have asked for. You surpassed all of your dreams and truly left your mark with audiences, be so proud of yourself!" Nancy Xuxi said: "I'm So gutted to see you leaving I will miss the moment I'm sharing the stage with you. Sending all my best wishes to you and I knew wherever you go you will shine like a star. Love you Alj Alj." Former Strictly star James Jordan added: "One of the best pros ever to be on Strictly - FACT!! Also….. one of the nicest people. You will be missed mate, I will certainly miss watching you!" DON'T MISS... Aled Jones' daughter Emilia puts on risqué display in gold dress[LATEST]Jada Pinkett-Smith rolls her eyes moments before Will slaps Chris[VIDEO]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] In view of his 540,000 followers, Aljaz posted a lengthy message, which read: "On a beautiful sunny day in May 2013 one phone call changed my life forever! "It went like this... We would like to offer you a position on @bbcstrictly as a professional dancer. A dream became a reality and it was the biggest opportunity for a 23-year-old boy from Slovenia. "It didn’t matter how many beautiful ballrooms I performed in during my competitive career, stepping onto the sacred Strictly floor was the most nervous I had ever been. "A little while ago I made the tough decision that Strictly 2021 would be my last." He continued: "The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last 9 years. "The love and support I got from the team of producers was second to none. @jasongilkison, @sarahjamesface, @kimwinston, @jack.will.g are just a few of the unsung heroes behind the success of the show - I am forever grateful to them!" He went on: "Being a part of a group of professionals that inspire and push you to be better every step of the way is humbling and I will carry that inspiration with me forever. "Every year the lineup of dancers would change but one thing stayed the same, WE WERE THE BEST! And this is one thing that I know will never change on Strictly!" The BBC favourite went on to thank the backstage crew members and all of his celebrity dance partners who he has been partnered with on the programme. Aljaz finished: "And finally, thank YOU, the people that watch Strictly who have been so kind to me all these years. Every comment, vote, kind message never went unnoticed. You are the reason we all do it, thank you! "I have lots of exciting stuff planned that I will fill you in on soon. I can't wait to see what the future holds! KEEEEEP DANCING! Aljaz x." For over a decade of competing, Aljaž represented Slovenia at a world level. Aljaž joined Strictly in 2013 and during his first year he lifted the Glitterball Trophy with Abbey Clancy. Other partnerships have included Alison Hammond, Helen George, Gemma Atkinson and, most recently, Sara Davies. The BBC confirmed that the professional dance line-up for this year's series will be announced in due course.