Karolina Bielawska from Poland, has been crowned the Miss World 2021 winner. The event took place in Puerto Rico this year after being temporarily postponed mere hours before the final in December 2021 after 23 of the 97 contestants tested positive for Covid. Karolina Bielawska took to Instagram to thank her supporters before the beauty pageant finale. In view of her 39k followers, she said: “2 hours till the 70th anniversary of @missworld. “I would love to thank all of you for your huge support through this beautiful journey! “I am extremely grateful for all the kindness, love and help I received." READ MORE: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family   “I will do my best to represent Poland as proudly as I can. “See you soon live from Puerto Rico!” Shree Saini from the United States took first runner-up, while Olivia Yace from Côte d'Ivoire was awarded second runner-up. The official Miss World instagram account posted an image of Karolina being crowned Miss World 2021, which the caption: “Karolina is currently studying for a Master’s Degree in Management and would like to continue her studies with a PhD. “Karolina also works as a model. “She enjoys swimming and scuba diving and playing tennis and badminton. “One day she hopes to become a motivational speaker. “Karolina is also very passionate about the voluntary work that she is involved in.” DON’T MISS:'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [ADMISSION] Demi Moore, 59, leaves fans taken aback with ageless pics [PICTURES]Rod Stewart kisses Penny Lancaster’s breasts at Cheltenham Festival [LATEST]  Peter Andre flew to Puerto Rico to host the pageant which took place earlier today. He shared a selfie on Instagram, in view of his 1.8 million followers, once he had arrived on the island. The official Miss World instagram account shared a video of him arriving at the event too. The Mysterious Girl singer, 49, was also involved in the pageant in 2019. He had planned to continue hosting duties last year until the event was postponed. In a statement in December, the pageant said: “Miss World 2021 temporarily postpones global broadcast finale in Puerto Rico due to health and safety interest of contestants, staff, crew, and the general public.” “The finale will be rescheduled at Puerto Rico Coliseum Jose Miguel Agrelot within the next 90 days.” In 2020, a film called Misbehaviour about beauty pageants was released starring Keira Knightly. Misbehaviour is based on the feminists who disrupted the 1970 Miss World pageant in London.