Their report, which features statues honouring James Watt and King William, has been branded a "hatchet job" by a UK heritage campaigner as it targets monuments of men who historically were anti-slavery. The audit, written by Dr Stephen Mullen, singles out eight statues dotted about Glasgow and criticises them for being linked to the slave trade. Those listed in the audit are commemorations for Colin Campbell, William Gladstone, John Moore and David Livingstone. James Oswald, Robert Peel Jnr, James Watt and King William are also all attacked. However, some of those on the list appear to be wrongfully included. Mr Gladstone and Mr Peel were previously lauded for being anti-slavery campaigners and are slammed for the actions of their fathers. Meanwhile, David Livingstone is slated for once working as a spinner in a mill using West Indian Cotton. The report itself does not call for the monuments to be removed, but the findings will be discussed by the local authority, who will be holding public consultations. One had previously been launched to ask locals what they wanted to see in the popular George Square. One of the options on the survey is the removal or repositioning of statues in the civic square including the monuments for Campbell, Gladstone, Oswald and Watt. READ MORE: Drivers may have to pay ROAD TOLLS if fuel duty is scrapped The square is also the location for the commemorative statue of Robert Peel, who is a two-time Prime Minister and is credited with the formation of modern British policing when he founded the Metropolitan Police Service. Another statue in George Square is the one of John Moore, which features in the new audit. John Moore was a Glasgow-born British Army lieutenant general who was well-known for his bravery as he fought in wars against France in the early 1900s. He commanded the British forces during the Battle of Corunna where he was killed in action while battling Napoleon's forces. The council had previously told the Scottish Daily Express that they were not planning to remove any of them. DON'T MISS Sturgeon and pals determined to stop Shell pumping oil [REPORT] Colossal Euro weather system to spark record breaking 7-day March scorcher [INSIGHT]Ukraine crisis mapped: Latest lay of the land amid Russia invasion [MAP] However, Robert Poll, founder of Save our Statues, believes that Glasgow City Council released the report to coincide with their George Square consultation. He branded the report “a hatchet job” and claims the move “distorts our understanding of the past”. He told the Scottish Daily Express: "This report is a hatchet job apparently timed to coincide with a consultation on removing George Square's statues as a spurious justification. "Great anti-slavery politicians like Gladstone and Peel are attacked for the sins of their fathers and for any slight nuance in their early positions. "David Livingstone is now to be remembered not for fighting the East African slave trade, but for once working as a spinner in a mill using West Indian cotton. "It's a truly perverse approach to history that helps no one and distorts our understanding of the past. By elevating the ordinary over the extraordinary, we risk losing sight of what is important." The council’s report also targeted street names and found that 62 Glasgow streets and locations have “direct” or “associational” connections to Atlantic slavery. These include Buchanan Street (named after Andrew Buchanan junior) and Glassford Street (after tobacco lord John Glassford). Commenting on the audit, a spokesperson from Glasgow City Council said: "We asked Dr Mullen to tell us about any links between the city and money derived from slavery. “Clearly someone who has inherited wealth derived from enslaving or trafficking other human beings is someone who has benefitted from slavery. "Now that we understand the facts we will have a wide-ranging discussion with the people of the city about how we recognise what was done during these dark times."