 Jane McDonald explored Leeds in the latest instalment of her My Yorkshire series. Channel 5 viewers saw the singing star explore some iconic Yorkshire shops within the city and reflect on her childhood shopping trips. Jane explained she used to love shopping with her mother, but confessed one retail occasion left her feeling embarrassed.   During the programme, Jane visited Leeds Kirkgate Market to see a replica of the first-ever Penny Bazaar set up by Michael Marks. She explained that after opening the stall in 1884, the entrepreneur later went on to team up with Thomas Spencer. Jane reflected fondly on the shopping trips she took to Marks and Spencer stores during her childhood. The presenter even went so far as to describe herself as an “M&S fan”. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show  However, there was one memory of the iconic shop that Jane confessed wasn’t so happy. Jane told viewers: “What’s my first memory of M&S? Same as most girls I expect. “I do remember going to Marks and Spencer to get my first bra. “It was a big event - not for me because I was mortified,” she admitted.    “But bras and pants, Marks and Spencer, it’s like fish and chips they just go together,” she remarked. Later in the programme, Jane took a trip to the University of Leeds to see an exhibition called Mark’s In Time. The singing star jokingly described the archive of M&S products as “big knicker heaven”. “I love this place!” Jane exclaimed as she explored the history of the iconic British shop. DON'T MISS...Call the Midwife star on being banned from reading scripts early [INSIGHT]Top Boy’s Sully star Kane Robinson speaks out on season 2 finale [MUST SEE]‘Humiliated!’ The Apprentice star not invited to finale spin-off [UPDATE]  Keen to find out more, she soon met up with a woman called Katie who was working at the exhibition. Jane began: “I remember coming to get my first bra fitted and I was mortified.” Katie replied: “Really? I think it’s a real right of passage isn’t it?” Jane confessed she didn’t react the same way to the experience as all girls did at the time.   “You either really wanted to get it fitted, thinking ‘Look at this I’m grown up now,' or like myself didn’t want to grow up,” Jane laughed. As she went off to see some classic M&S underwear, the star remarked: “Let’s go face my demons.” Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire airs Sundays at 9pm on Channel 5. 