According to No Fixed Abode Anti-Fascists (NFA-AF), squatters have began occupying a Russian oligarch’s mansion on London, at 5 Belgrave Square. Five squatters are inside the mansion, with three saying they plan to open it to Ukrainian refugees. At around 12:30pm, riot police arrived at the property to remove the protestors. Social media footage shows officers with riot shields arrive at 5 Belgrave Square. Those occupying the building shouted "ACAB”, “all of you are Wayne Couzens”, “F***ing disgusting fascists” and other insults. A JCB and cherry picker were also pulled up to the building. At 12:46pm, riot police had entered the property through the front door, while officers spoke to protesters on the balcony from the cherry picker. A spokesperson from the Metropolitan Police said: "We have made contact with a small number of people inside. "Specialist officers are at the scene and are considering the appropriate next steps. "These will be within legislation, taking into account the safety of officers and those inside and considering the large and complex nature of this property." Five squatters are inside the mansion, with three saying they plan to open it to Ukrainian refugees. In a blog post, NFA-AF said they occupied the property “in protest against Putin and his world”. They added: “The invasion of Ukraine is only the latest episode in a long series, from the support of Assad in Syria to the neo-nazi Wanger militia assistanting dictatorship, concentration camps for LGBT+ people, ecosides, brutal wealth inequality, far right troll farms and so on. “By Occupying this mansion, We want to show solidarity for the people on Ukraine but also for the people of Russia who never agreed to this madness. “We want to show our sympathy to the brave protesters who have been in the belly of the beast, and suffer unjust imprisonment for staying up to Putin. “Finally a few words for the elites here in the UK, who have been Putins Minions for years. You received bribes, you managed Oligarch’s property, you even adopted Putin’s authoritarian attitude to protest and decent. F*** YOU TOO.” NFA-AF added they intend to use the mansion “as a refugee support,  for people of Ukraine and people of all nations and ethnicity”. Squatting in residential buildings, a house or flat, is illegal, and can lead to 6 months in prison, a £5,000 fine or both. A Met Police spokesman said: “Police were called shortly after 01:00hrs on Monday, 14 March to a residential property in Belgrave Square, SW1. “Officers attended and found that a number of people had gained entry and hung banners from upstairs windows. Officers remain at the location.” READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Terrifying map shows Putin's barbaric war Belgravia, in Westminster and Kensington & Chelsea, has attracted the nickname the ‘oligarch quarter’ due to the number of properties owned by wealthy people from the former Soviet Union. In the heart of the district is 5 Belgrave Square owned by Oleg Deripaska, founder and former president of UC Rusal, the world's second largest aluminium company by primary production output. The 7-bedroom home, which also has a home cinema and Turkish steam bath, was bought through British Virgin Islands-based Ravellot Limited, per British property records. Mr Deripaska also owns an adjacent property, a “mews house” in what was once a service road for the estate in the 19th century, originally intended for stable horses and servants, with an additional four bedrooms and two garages. Mr Deripaska’s house in Belgrave Square has been described as a “crash pad” after court filings revealed he barely spent more than a week or two at the home per year. The Daily Mail reported in 2008 the home was worth around £50 million, but added the exact price is not known. A May 2007 High Court ruling on a dispute between Mr Deripaska and his former business associate Mikhail Chernoy showed the London home is permanently staffed, despite finding Mr Deripaska spent a maximum of 27 nights in the house in 2005 and no more than 19 in 2006 up to 13 November. Mr Deripaska also has stakes in En+ Group, a major extractives and energy company which owns UC Rusal, one of the world’s major aluminium producers. He has a multi-million pound property portfolio in the UK, and has a net worth estimated at £2 billion. On Thursday, Mr Deripaska was sanctioned alongside six other Russian oligarchs, who have a collective net worth of £15 billion. Boris Johnson said at the time: “There can be no safe havens for those who have supported Putin’s vicious assault on Ukraine. “Today’s sanctions are the latest step in the UK’s unwavering support for the Ukrainian people.” On March 1, Mr Deripaska broke ranks and called for an end to the war in Ukraine, saying on Telegram: “Peace is very important! Negotiations need to start as soon as possible!" It comes as UK officials have began decrying Russian oligarch ownership of British homes, with London Mayor Sadiq Khan saying mansions in the capitol are like “gold bricks to launder money”. He told Times Radio: “I, for some time, with others, have been complaining about those Russian oligarchs close to (Vladimir) Putin, using our city to launder money by buying homes or businesses. And what’s doubly heart-breaking about the homes they buy is they’re left empty for years. “They’re not homes, they’re gold bricks used to launder money. I think the Government should be seizing them, and before selling them – because they’ll take some time – they should be using them to house those Ukrainians who are fleeing Ukraine, who we’ll be offering a safe haven in London. “It’s a form of poetic justice, but also it’s a good use of these many, many empty properties sitting across London simply with dust being gathered inside rather than them being used to house people who need homes.” Mr Deripaska’s home was also occupied in 2017 by the Autonomous Nation of Anarchist Libertarians, or Anal, who were evicted by bailiffs after more than a week in the property Government figures show more than 600,000 homes across England are empty, including 200,000 that have been empty for more than six months.