Sure, it's hardly unusual for the Oasis legend to say something controversial. Liam has been making waves and headlines with his unflitered opinions for decades. This time, he was asked to follow up on a tweet from earlier this month where he had dismissed his fellow rocks stars, saying "the rest of them are useless." It could have just remained an amusingly arrogant throwaway comment, a quick soundbite, but when asked about it this week, Liam launched into a full-on tirade. It all started when Foo Fighter icon Dave Grohl said: "I love being in the same room as Liam. It's like putting a f***ing quarter in a juke box and just turning it up with that guy. It's f***ing great. Obviously, he's an amazing singer and he's a f***ing rock star. He is one of the few last remaining rock stars." This prompted Liam to tweet: "He's correct. The rest of them are useless." In a new interview, Loudwire Nights host Toni Gonzales asked if Liam wanted to say anything else on the subject. It should be no surprise that he had plenty more to say. Liam has frequently championed the cause of rock and roll - as much the attitude as the music itself. At tis year's BRIT Awards, he performed on stage with a huge banner reading 'rock and roll" behind him. Asked whether he truly thought most rock stars were useless, he said: "I mean, not all of them are, but the majority of them are. The ones that think they're rock stars are not, they... just live a very boring f***ing life, and I think rock 'n' roll deserves a little bit more than just making music, you know what I mean? "You gotta get out there and get yourself — you just gotta live an exciting life." Liam also named and shamed some of the biggest stars in music. DON'T MISSNoel Gallagher: What he REALLY thinks of Liam's singing and musicLiam Gallagher BLASTS Noel's 'WITCH' wife AND 'sh**' Paul WellerLiam Gallagher 'Anyone can replace Noel for the Oasis reunion' Liam added: "It's like U2, they pass themselves as a rock 'n' roll band, but what the...? Come on, man, I've never seen f***ing Bono... I mean, I've never seen any of them do anything remotely rock 'n' roll."Without a doubt, I think attitude... A lot of people will go, 'Oh it's all about music.' But I disagree, I don't think it's all about music. Obviously you've got a certain degree of, your tunes have gotta be decent enough, but I think attitude goes a long way. "But, people just think that rock 'n' roll kind of sounds a bit silly and a bit stupid, but it means a lot to me. I'd rather be that than f***ing some politically correct fucking idiot." SOURCE: LOUDWIRE