Max Verstappen has claimed that it is good to see three teams in the race for the F1 Driver's and Constructors' Championships, with Ferrari posting impressive times in pre-season ahead of the new campaign. The Italian side, who have Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz in their ranks, came third last season - albeit 252 points behind second-placed Red Bull in the Constructors' Championship. There was no real challenge to Mercedes' or Red Bull's title charge last season in what was definitively a two-horse race for both team and driver titles. However, after posting superb times in pre-season testing in Barcelona and Bahrain over the last month, fans are eagerly anticipating a superb three-horse race this time out. And Verstappen understands the threat they pose to his side after strong showings ahead of Sunday's Grand Prix. "Yes, I do probably start a bit more relaxed, but of course once I jump in the car I want to do the best I can and I want to win again," Verstappen told Sky Sports. "You always put the pressure on yourself to try and be a better driver again every single year, you want to improve. That is what I'm trying to do this weekend and this year in general. "But it is always nice to have that done already and it is in the back of your mind. Yes, it is good. Ferrari had a very good winter test and I think it is good for the sport to see them back up there. "I don't want to name everyone a favourite or whatever, but it is good to see three teams being close this season." Verstappen will look to win both the Constructors' Championship and Drivers' Championship, despite clinching the latter in insane circumstances last season. The Dutchman beat Lewis Hamilton to the title on the last race of the season in Abu Dhabi to win his first ever title. However, Sergio Perez's under-par outing in the middle of the season allowed Valtteri Bottas to edge ahead and win the Constructors' Championship for the Silver Arrows. Sainz and Leclerc took five podiums between them last season, although that figure is expected to change. And the Frenchman played down their chances of competing this season. "There is still a lot to learn, there is a lot of potential to unlock," he said. "It is too early, though we seemed to be doing well in qualifying. We still do not know how competitive we are compared to the others, for now we do not know." The new season gets underway on Sunday in Bahrain, with many expected to go for the gold medal. Hamilton, however, is the favourite to start the season ahead of the pack.