Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak has been accused of taking a “worrying gamble” with people’s money as the Government plans to offer all households a one-off repayable £200 discount on energy bills. The Chancellor said the measure was designed to “take the sting” out of a £700-a-year rise in the average household’s energy bills in April. However, the scheme – part of a £9billion package of rebate measures designed to combat the soaring cost of living – has come under scrutiny, branded “dodgy” by Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. Announcing the scheme, Mr Sunak said: “The first part of the rebate spreads the extra costs of this year’s energy price shock. “In October, all domestic electricity customers will receive a £200 discount on their bills. People will then have five years to repay that discount in equal instalments of £40 a year." Sir Keir said it amounted to a “dodgy sort of 'buy now, pay later' deal that doesn't come anywhere near meeting the cost or the increasing energy bills.” And Martin Lewis, founder of MoneySavingExpert.com and consumer champion, explained that the scheme isn’t really a rebate or a loan at all. So what do YOU think? Do you want the loan? Do you think it should be optional? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comments section below.  Mr Lewis described the scheme on Twitter as an “energy bill levy”, writing: “Technically it's not really a loan. “It's a negative compulsory levy on all bills for one year, then a compulsory levy on all bills for five years." He also pointed out on his website that bill payers who don't receive the initial £200 will still need to "repay" the £40 a year if they become bill payers at any point of the following five years – such first-time homeowners or young people renting for the first time. It is also unclear whether the £40 repayment will be subject to VAT.  Mr Lewis said it was unclear whether energy costs will have fallen by the time customers had to start paying the money back. This, he added, would leave people in a “lose-lose situation” with “far higher bills than now and an additional levy on top”. A poll conducted by YouGov on behalf of MoneySavingExpert.com found that 57 percent of bill payers said they would rather not have the “loan”. The poll showed that across every category of age and income the majority would opt out, with just a quarter (26 percent) saying they would actively take up the scheme if they had the choice. DON'T MISS:Man staggered as British Gas predict his energy will cost £21k a YEAR [REPORT]Fuel hits £2-a-litre in the UK for the first time ever [INSIGHT]Energy bill: ‘Ideal’ temperature to wash your clothes to save on bills [ADVICE] However, customers do not get a choice as to whether they want to take part, with the rebate a mandatory part of bill-paying for 2022. Mr Lewis wrote: “Bills are already sky high, and on April 1 we now know most will rise by a previously unthinkable, and for many unaffordable, 54 percent. “And sadly, when that ends in October, it currently looks possible the price cap will rise by another 20 percent. That will leave most people paying double what they were a year ago. “[Mr Sunak] is following the market’s view that rates will finally start falling later this year, meaning the price cap will fall in April 2023 and he hopes the impact of this scheme will mean lower bills now and in the future as the extra costs then will be covered by the drop in bills. “That is far from certain, especially with the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine. “And crucially, if rates don’t drop, or don’t drop a lot, people will be left in a lose-lose situation, with far higher bills than now and an additional levy on top. “With this scheme, the Chancellor is effectively taking a worrying gamble with people’s finances.” But Mr Sunak has defended the scheme saying: “It’s a significant amount of money that will make a big difference to the vast majority of households, and I think people, I hope actually, will be reassured by us stepping in.” 