Russia has a long and well-documented track record of using chemical weapons on its enemies - and these attacks have even killed people in the UK. Moscow has now accused the USA of a bioweapons operation in Ukraine, which is believed to create a justification to “retaliate” by using its own chemical weapons. On Wednesday, a Russian foreign ministry spokesperson said Moscow has obtained documents displaying evidence that the US had supported such an operation in Ukraine, involving plague, cholera and anthrax. This has been rebuffed by the US and Ukraine, as well as other western powers like the UK. Russia’s claims have raised concern among NATO powers that Russia could be looking for a way to stage a “false flag” operation - and would give them the go-ahead to use such weapons in Ukraine. Russia’s claims have unsurprisingly been backed China, who until now have taken a backseat in providing support to their allies in Russia.  READ MORE: End of the world: Putin threatens decade-long 'nuclear winter' Russia is no stranger to committing chemical attacks. Brits will remember the Salisbury poisonings in March 2018, where Russian agents attempted to kill Sergei Skripal, a former Russian military officer and double agent for the British intelligence agencies, and his daughter Yulia Skripal. In June 2018, two British nationals were poisoned when they found a discarded perfume bottle containing the nerve agent Novichok. The bottle used for that attack held enough poison to deliver a potentially lethal dose to 10,000 people. Dawn Sturgess later died after coming into contact with the substance. Former Prime Minister Theresa May said at the time: “Either this was a direct action by the Russian state against our country, or the Russian government lost control of its potentially catastrophically damaging nerve agent and allowed it to get into the hands of others.” A second assassination attempt on opposition politician Alexei Navalny, again with Novichok, failed. One of President Putin’s highest-profile critics in recent years, Mr Navalny fell ill on a domestic flight to Moscow in August 2020.  DON'T MISSPutin's two crucial mistakes ahead of Ukraine invasion exposed [INSIGHT]Putin in 'staggering' blunder as Russian army fails 'basic standard' [REPORT]Russia's war playbook: What Putin could do next [ANALYSIS] In Syria, Russia is alleged to have performed chemical attacks - both of which Moscow and Damascus have denied. Human Rights Watch has said that between 2013 and 2018, at least 85 chemical weapons attacks occurred in Syria, the majority of which they blamed on the Russian-backed Syrian government. Russia has even sought to blame western governments for a chemical weapons attack in Douma in 2018, that killed an estimated 50 people. Another attack staged by the Russian-backed Syrian government used the notorious Sarin nerve gas on the Damascus suburb of Ghouta, which may have killed as many as 1,700 people. Russia’s attempt to stage a reason for why they could “retaliate” with chemical weapons in Ukraine comes as no surprise to military analysts. One former military specialist said: “The Kremlin refined its tactics for this sort of scenario by watching – and standing alongside – Assad’s forces as they did their worst. "The Syrians would routinely blame jihadist groups whenever there was a chemical attack. “You can already see Putin trying to prepare the ground for a false flag attack by blaming the Ukrainians or Americans and retaliating. "We should be in no doubt that chemical weapons form part of the Kremlin’s thinking.”