Kamran Haider, 39, was found guilty of the murder of 16-month-old Nusayba Bint-Umar after her mother, Asiyah Amazir, told the court she had heard the sound of a slap at their home. The tot fell gravely unwell and was rushed to hospital, where she died of a traumatic head injury. This is suspected to have been inflicted by Haider days previous, a court heard. My London reports that it emerged Haider had subjected the 16-month-old to cruel punishments, which included forcing the toddler to squat in the corner for up to 40 minutes in various "stress" positions. He became easily annoyed if Nusayba cried and when Ms Amazir attempted to intervene, he would become physically aggressive and tell her she was "too soft" on the little girl. But when Haider was arrested and charged after the death, he denied murder and and cruelty to a child under the age of 16, and attended a three-week trial at the Old Bailey. He was found guilty on Monday and jailed for life today. Judge Cheema-Grubb, sentencing, said: "It was not an accident, it was a gross breach of trust by an adult against a defenceless baby." Of September 13 last year, the judge said: "It was clear he was physically engaged with Nusayba, this is likely the time she sustained the injuries from which she died. Kamran Haider didn’t tell Ms Amazir what he had done, although if she had obtained medical help earlier, it is unlikely the outcome would have been different."   The court heard Ms Amazir received a phone call from Haider whilst she was out in a nail salon on August 28, to tell her that Nusayba had fallen in the kitchen and had injured her head. After rushing home, the mum became concerned over the "large bump" on her daughter's face, and decided to call an ambulance. She told jurors Haider became aggressive, pushing her against the wall and threatening "I'm a ruthless motherf***er" after she told him she was going to call 999. Instead, she took a taxi to hospital and Nusayba was treated for a "large area of swelling and bruising over her right eye". Despite a safeguarding concern being raised, she was discharged the following day and Ms Amazir returned to Haider's house in Ilford, east London. Whilst she had become aware that her boyfriend was "jealous" of the attention she gave her daughter, she still did not believe him capable of physically harming Nusayba at this point. The pair had begun a relationship after meeting on an online dating site. Ms Amazir soon moved in with her partner to help him at his illegal dog breeding site at the home address. But on September 13, Nusayba's mum overheard Haider "slapping" her daughter in the bedroom, whilst telling her to "Shut up". Shortly afterwards, she heard the toddler making a "strange yelping noise", and from then onwards, Nusayba was no longer herself. She refused to drink from her bottle and at around 5pm, she began to suffer a seizure. Ms Amazir left Haider's house and dialled 999 from a bus stop down the road, where it became apparent to paramedics that the infant was gravely unwell. Following Haider's conviction, the Metropolitan Police released a statement from Detective Chief Inspector Larry Smith, who had led the investigation. He said: "Haider is a controlling and violent man who is prone to bouts of extreme aggression and violence. Nusayba bore the brunt of that violence on the day she was entrusted in Haider's care and she suffered an attack that would lead to the end of her life. “What happened on 13 September has never been fully established. But it is beyond doubt that the injuries inflicted on her could not have been accidental and were caused by Haider. “Nusayba’s mother and family will grieve for many, many years as a result of this harrowing case. We will continue to support her however we can. "I’d like to praise my officers, who have worked so hard to present the case against Haider which has led to his conviction. I hope now he will spend a very long time behind bars, where he belongs." 