The Russian ruble slumped by as much as 30 percent on Monday after sanctions limited the Russian central bank's ability to deploy £470 billion ($630bn) in foreign reserves and it was cut off from the SWIFT interbank messaging service. Western sanctions had already forced Russia to look towards China for investment opportunities in recent years with Chinese state banks helping Moscow finance infrastructure, oil and gas projects under China's Belt and Road Initiative. Jonathan Hackenbroich, a specialist on sanctions policy at the European Council on Foreign Relations, told Politico: "When Russia looks abroad, where its reserves haven't been frozen yet, that won't be Europe, that won't be in the US, that will be in China. "But to get to that you need the political decision in China to help quite a bit. If China is perceived as undermining Western sanctions it also needs to realise that it will be dealing with a stronger voice in a united Europe, US and Japan, which can quickly put China in a more uncomfortable position." As sanctions against Russia mount, China could offset some of Moscow's pain by importing more from its neighbour. However, it would be wary of running foul itself of potential sanctions. Washington on Monday imposed sanctions on Russia's central bank and other sources of wealth in a crushing blow to the country's economy.  Commentators say the Russian central bank is facing tighter liquidity than at any time since the end of the Cold War, putting pressure on Putin's war chest. With tighter liquidity, Russia’s central bank will soon be forced to turn to China in a bid to sell off part of the 13 percent of its foreign exchange reserves in Chinese assets. Washington, London and Brussels will be looking to see how far Beijing will go to help the Kremlin get around some of their sanctions. Max Zenglein, chief economist at China-focused think tank Merics, told Politico: "China is going to be very cautious on how they’re going to come in support of Russia's economics. The risks for China are incredible."  READ MORE ABOUT PUTIN'S WAR BACKFIRING Sanctions and Russia's global financial isolation have already had a devastating impact on the country's economy with queues outside banks as Russians rush to salvage their savings. Russia's central bank more than doubled its key policy rate on Monday and introduced some capital controls. Bank of Russia Governor Elvira Nabiullina told a news conference: "The central bank today increased its key rate to 20 percent as new sanctions triggered a significant deviation of the ruble rate and limited the central bank's options to use its gold and foreign exchange reserves. "We had to increase rates to compensate citizens for increased inflationary risks."  DON'T MISS: 'Money is worthless everyone is panicking' – Nightmare grips Russia [LATEST] Prince George’s rumoured new school [REVEALED] Prince William's friends didn't approve of Kate: ‘Social divide' [REPORT] The Governor said Bank of Russia sold £747 million ($1bn) on foreign exchange markets on Thursday, but did not intervene on Monday. It suggests the ruble was supported by other unnamed market participants. Total trade between China and Russia jumped 36 percent last year to a record £109.6 billion ($146.9bn), according to Chinese customs data.  Russia is a major source of China's oil, gas, coal and agriculture commodities. It runs a trade surplus with the country. Since sanctions were imposed in 2014 after Russia annexed Crimea, bilateral trade expanded by more than 50 percent with China becoming Russia's biggest export destination. Data from the College of William and Mary's AidData research lab show Russia is by far Beijing's largest recipient of state sector financing. It secured 107 loans and export credits worth £93 billion ($125bn) from Chinese state institutions between 2000 and 2017.  Yuan settlements accounted for 28 percent of Chinese exports to Russia in the first half of 2021, compared with just two percent in 2013. Both countries have sought to ease reliance on the dollar while developing their own respective cross-border payment systems. The yuan accounted for 13 percent of the Russian central bank's foreign currency reserves in June 2021, compared with just 0.1 percent in June 2017. Moscow's dollar holdings dropped to 16.4 percent from 46.3 percent over the same period. China approved beef imports from Russia last year while on Friday it allowed imports of wheat from all regions of Russia. Other food exports to China include fish, sunflower oil, rapeseed oil, poultry, wheat flour and chocolate. Beijing is also a huge buyer of timber from Russia's Far East. 