Police were called to the event held in Dumas, Arkansas at around 7.25pm after shots were fired. Footage from the Delta NEYO Hood-nic Foundation car show shows people running in panic after hearing the shots. Authorities confirmed one person had died. Local reports also suggest children were among those injured during the incident. Arkansas police said an arrest has been made. Authorities said “as many as 20” people were injured with the Dumas Police Chief confirming multiple children were shot, but has been told that they are “doing okay”. Arkansas State Police spokesperson Bill Sadler told the Mirror: “About 7.25pm tonight, Arkansas State Troopers of the Highway Patrol Division and Special Agents of the Criminal Investigation Division were dispatched to Dumas following an initial report of a shooting outside a local business where a car show was underway. “Preliminary information provided to ASP is that as many as 10 people had been wounded by gunfire.” Arkansas Lieutenant Governor Tim Griffin tweeted: “Saying prayers for the entire Dumas community after tonight’s senseless & tragic shooting as families with young children gathered for a community event on Saturday evening. “God Bless the law enforcement officers who are on the scene responding.” READ MORE: Russia warns it can put US in ‘their place' in grim threat A preliminary report from Arkansas police stated “the number of wounded will rise.” The car show organiser, Wallace McGhee, apologised to all those affected by the incident in a touching interview with AR News. He said: “First of all we want to say, we send our deepest condolences to the families after the tragedy that took place here today. “There was some shooting that took place here and we don’t really know what happened. DON'T MISS:Brexit Britain to 'turbocharge' towards securing US trade deal [REVEAL]Boris and Biden's master plan to cripple Putin with £1.1tn blow [INSIGHT]Don't get involved Xi! Biden issues warning over China [SPOTLIGHT]  “We just want to send out prayers, all our condolences, to our friends in the community. We’re here with you all. “Hood-nic is here and we apologise for all of this to happen. “This has never happened with us in our event ever and for something like this to happen is a tragedy. “We want to let everyone know that we did this for 16 years without a problem. “We want our community to come back, be strong, we’re going to get through this. “For all the loved ones affected by this, we’re with you all. We’re praying for you. We’re going to continue to pray. Dumas stand up.” 