Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has taken to Twitter to compare Joe Biden to America's previous president, Donald Trump. The former newspaper editor, 56, took a swipe at the Democratic president after it was reported that his approval rating has dropped to 40 per cent. In view of his 7.9 million followers, the outspoken journalist commented on the popularity of the American president. Piers wrote: "Biden as unpopular as Trump at same stage of presidency. "So much for the unifying candidate..." (sic) Piers was responding to the news that Biden's approval rating had dropped to a "new low of 40 per cent" according to Reuters. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton Biden won the 2020 election and became the 46th president of the United States, ending four years of Trump's presidency. Following his remarks, Piers' followers took to the comments to weigh in on the statistics. @KimPhilpott wrote: "How is this possible. His administration has handled the current crisis very well. The world is impressed." However, @ObiRush replied: "The 'world' is not gonna vote in the midterm elections. US citizens are, and the high inflation coupled with gas price increase is suffocating US citizens." This isn't the first time the former Life Stories host commented on Biden's presidency. Piers' comments come after he aimed a swipe at the US president earlier in the month as he stated Vladimir Putin was "making him look impotent". The TV personality issued a scathing attack on the head of the United States as he commented on his presidency amid the Ukraine crisis. In the tweet, the former Good Morning Britain presenter claimed that Biden’s approval ratings had “cratered” and that the Russian president was “making him look impotent.” DON'T MISS... ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [INSIGHT]'Caught playing Wordle!' Dan Walker reacts to BBC Breakfast mishap [ANALYSIS]Jennifer Lopez, 52, flaunts ageless looks in curve enhancing outfits [UPDATE] He wrote: “Hard to overstate the importance of this speech for President Biden. “He's had a terrible year, his approval ratings have cratered, and Putin's making him look impotent. “He needs to change the narrative because the State of the Union, like his presidency, isn't great right now.” The blistering remarks sparked debate among the social media community, with some agreeing with the presenter’s views and others differing. ToniLFC argued: “In his different meetings with Putin, he never looked impotent. Very far from it. “US intelligence and his response to the aggression has been spot on so far.” But JRodTitansGrizz said: “It’s been worse than a disaster. “I doubt a speech can do anything for him, he’s too defeated already.”