In the next episode of NCIS season 19, titled First Steps, Director Leon Vance (played by Rocky Carroll) will be welcoming his daughter Kayla (Naomi Grace) to the team following the completion of FLETC training. This marks her first return to the CBS show since season 16 but in true NCIS fashion, it’s not going to be plain sailing. However, will her actions leave the likes of Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) and Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) in harm’s way? The sneak peeks from the episode certainly suggest so as Kayla joins the team to investigate the death of a reservist Navy Seal surgeon. Judging by one of the promo clips, the team’s detective work leads them to the hospital where they’ve tracked down a suspect. The season 19 promo shows Torres and Knight identity their suspect decked in hospital scrubs and begin chasing him down. “Stop NCIS! Federal Agent!” Torres bellows before the mystery suspect shoots out of a fire exit. READ MORE: NCIS season 19: Fornell's comeback confirmed as star speaks out With the door locked behind him, Knight spots a stairway and barks at Torres: “Stairs!” The duo shoot off down the stairway but as Kayla lags behind, she spots a doctor come through the locked door and decides to go solo down this route. As the suspect hastily sneaks his way through the hospital car park, Kayla is in hot pursuit with her handgun out. Knight and Torres also enter the car park from the main entrance, again armed and ready to apprehend the suspect. “Kayla!” Torres shouts before Kayla makes her location known by yelling back: “Over here!” Torres had promised to keep Kayla safe during her mission with the team, insisting she wouldn’t even be getting as little as a “paper cut” after her father entrusted the agent with her safety. “Stay close,” Torres shouts but Kayla seems determined to bring down the perp on her own. She approaches a vehicle that the suspect has scuttled past but Knight and Torres are then stunned to hear her screams. DON'T MISS:Jimmy Palmer daughter: Who is NCIS Victoria Palmer star Elle Graper?NCIS season 19: Vance quits agency after daughter’s death?NCIS LA: Viewers ‘emotional’ after Kensi and Deeks fuel pregnancy rumours “Kayla!” Knight shouts before Torres aims his gun at the suspect who’s now emerged from his hiding spot with a gun to Kayla’s head. “Kayla! Let her go,” Torres shouts before Knight orders the suspect to drop his gun, although he barks back: “You drop it! And stay back!” Panic and tensions boil over in the scene as Torres and Knight scramble to try and save Kayla, continuing to scream: “Drop it now! Drop the gun!” However, as the suspect backs away with his gun to Kayla’s head, a pair of headlights flash behind them. Tyres begin to screech and it sounds like the vehicle is speeding towards the altercation. Given another promo shows Kayla being bundled into the back of a car, this is likely the suspect’s getaway vehicle. However, with Knight and Torres unlikely to let her go without a fight and given the high speed and direction the car was travelling, could they find themselves in harm’s way? Will the car veer towards the two agents and knock them down leaving them with potentially life-changing injuries? The clues are all there but fans will have to wait until episode 14 airs to find out for sure. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.