If Princess Charlotte decides to follow the tradition, she will likely wear her first tiara on her wedding day. This is when most royals have donned the regal pieces for the first time, including the Duchess of Cambridge or Meghan Markle. Princess Eugenie did not wear a tiara until her wedding to Jack Brooksbank in 2018, and the same happened with Princess Beatrice, who donned her first diadem when she got married in July 2020. However, other royals like Princess Anne and Princess Margaret didn't want to wait until their wedding. The Queen's sister, as well as her daughter Anne, wore tiaras when they turned 17. READ MORE: What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe Either if Princess Charlotte decides to wear one for an official banquet when she turns 18 or waits until her wedding day, which one will she choose? It is likely the young royal will wear one of her mum's favourites: the Cartier Halo tiara. The Duchess of Cambridge wore the tiara for her wedding to Prince William in 2011.  Princess Margaret and Princess Anne also donned the beautiful tiara at a very young age. Charlotte White, head of design at 77 Diamonds, which is headquartered in Mayfair and is Europe's largest online diamond jeweller, explained: "Most Royal Family members have worn a tiara for the first time on their wedding day, for example, Charlotte's mother the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William's first cousins Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice. "Exceptions to this general rule have been Princess Anne and Princess Margaret who both wore tiaras on occasions prior to their weddings. "Princess Anne wore a tiara when she was 17 for an official royal portrait. "Perhaps Princess Charlotte would wear a tiara from the collection of her great-grandmother, the Queen. "One tiara she might choose could be the Cartier Halo tiara which her mother Kate wore on her wedding day to Prince William and which Princess Margaret and Princess Anne have previously worn. "This tiara was gifted to the Queen Mother by King George VI and later gifted to the Queen on her 18th birthday." Jewellery experts at Steven Stone explained the Cartier Halo tiara is made up of 739-brilliant cut diamonds and 149 baguette diamonds. The jewellery experts said: “It was often considered a good ‘beginner’ tiara of sorts, perfect for a younger family member, with a smaller-than-average size that wouldn’t induce headaches. “The Cartier Halo tiara dates back to 1936, originally a gift from King George VI to Queen Elizabeth (the Queen Mother). “He asked Cartier to create something magnificent for his wife, using diamonds and platinum he had purchased.”