Britons may be scrambling to make ends meet in the middle of a cost of living crisis, which has seen everything from fuel to food costs sky-rocket. From April, the regulator Ofgem has announced that the energy price cap with soar by £693. Ahead of this, heating experts from BestHeating have offered an insight into some ways Britons can brace themselves for the price surge, by finding new ways to save on their bills. According to the experts, one "quick and simple" maintenance task could cut as much as "£130" from your monthly bill. The solution is bleeding your radiators, a task which should be carried out at least once a year before the onslaught of winter. BestHeating said: "A quick and simple job to save money on energy bills is to bleed your radiators which will improve efficiency as this releases air that is trapped inside." READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it If you don't routinely bleed your radiators, they may begin to show signs of trapped air. The expert said: "A telltale sign a radiator needs bleeding is cold spots around the top of the appliance, which means hot water isn’t able to fill all of the radiator, making it less effective and wasting money in the process." However, if you have some money saved up, investing in new radiators could be the solution to cutting costs overall. BestHeating said: "More economical and new radiators can save as much as 10 percent on heating bills." DON'T MISSWho owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [EXPLAINER]Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio [INSIGHT]House prices: What the spring property boom means for your move [REPORT] In order to bleed your radiator, you will need either a radiator bleed key or a flathead screwdriver. A radiator lead key can be purchased from most hardware stores and usually cost no more than £2. You will also need an old cloth or a jug to catch any water which may leak from the radiator. Before beginning, make sure your central heating is turned off and the radiators have had enough time to cool down. If you are bleeding more than one radiator, begin with the radiator furthest away from your boiler. To bleed your radiator, you will need to find the bleeder value. This is where you will insert the radiator bleed key or screwdriver. The bleed key is usually found either on the top of the radiator or in some cases lower down, at either end. Typically, it is round with a square section in the middle. Insert the radiator key into the valve and place your cloth or jug underneath. Twist the key, or screwdriver, anti-clockwise until you hear a hissing sound. That noise indicates air is escaping from the radiator. As soon as water begins to leak from the valve, close it by turning the key clockwise. Tighten the valve as necessary. To check whether the bleeding process has worked, turn your heating back on and check if any cold patches within the radiator have gone.