Prince William was seen introducing himself to the Jamaican schoolgirl, telling her: "My name is William". The father-of-three showed off his gentle nature by sitting down at a child-sized table during their sweet interaction. The Duke and wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge met with members of the community in Kingston as part of their tour of Jamaica. Prince William said to the shy schoolgirl: "My name is William, what's your name?". The girl looked up and told him her name. He repeated back to her: "Your name is Natalia?", and smiled. Prince William also asked the schoolgirl about her upcoming birthday. He said: "You're going to have 10 candles? What kind of cake are you going to have?". The royal, who is father to Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six and three-year-old Louis, looked content and engaged as he spoke to the children at the school. READ MORE: Prince Harry's legal team criticised by judge over 'irrelevant evidence' in court The Duchess of Cambridge also interacted with children at the school. Kate is known for her particular interest in the wellbeing of children and early years development. During the visit, she took the time to address students training to become teachers. The Duchess told them: 'You as teachers are at the frontline of this vital work and play a crucial role in shaping our societies by positively impacting the futures of literally thousands of young people over the course of your careers.' She added: 'Decades of science and research have shown us that our earliest experiences establish the fundamental foundations that shape and connect our future lives. READ MORE: Prince Philip memorial service: Buckingham Palace announces details - New plans released 'It is when we learn how to form relationships, connect with one another, how to manage our feelings and emotions and it's when we learn how to develop a sense of identity.' Following their visit, the royal couple went on to pay tribute to the teachers in a moving post on their official social media page. The post, written by Kate, read: 'The foresight Shortwood had to establish this Early Childhood Education programme was recognition that the early years is fundamental to a child’s journey through life. Decades of science and research have shown us, that our earliest experiences establish the fundamental foundations that shape and connect our future lives.' The Duchess continued: 'It is when we learn how to form relationships, how to connect to one another, how to manage our feelings and emotions. It is when we learn to develop a sense of identity, belonging and worthiness. And it is when we shape our values and understanding of the world we live in. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT] 'By realising the extraordinary impact of early childhood and by learning more about how children grow, think and behave, I truly believe we are on the cusp of one of the biggest opportunities for positive change in generations. 'And when I see the passion, commitment, and enthusiasm on display here at Shortwood, I feel optimistic about what we can all achieve together.' Prince William and Kate arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday as part of the royal tour to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It is the first major overseas trip since before the pandemic began. The royal couple will be flying to the Bahamas today for the final leg of their royal tour. They will be staying there until Saturday before travelling back to the UK.