Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been told to "get on with it" after the Spaniard complained about the scheduling of his side's fixtures. Following the 2-0 loss to Liverpool on Wednesday night, Arteta bemoaned the fact his side faced a trip to Aston Villa just two-and-a-half days later. Arsenal take on Villa at 12.30pm on Saturday as they aim to get their top four hopes back on track following the midweek blip. Arteta was again critical of the Premier League at his pre-match press conference on Friday. But former Tottenham striker and Gunners fan Darren Bent is not impressed by the 39-year-old's comments. Bent claims Arteta is already making excuses for his side if they do not pick up three points at Villa Park. He said on talkSPORT: "I didn't really like it, him coming out with that, because automatically it puts that kind of doubt in some of the players' heads. And also as well if they were to get beat by Aston Villa there's an excuse there. READ MORE: UEFA deny claims Chelsea will get Real Madrid boost after Champions League draw  "I don't like that, I like managers to just get on with it, play the game. I know that there's a short turnaround but as you said there it's nothing new, it's absolutely nothing new. "And it's the same for everybody, a lot of teams have had fixture pile-ups. I know he tried to bring it back to the Premier League, he's not talking about Europe, he's talking about the Premier League. "But, at the end of the day, you've just got to get on with it. That's what you've got squads for." DON'T MISSChelsea fans will be excited by Frank Lampard claim made about Conor Gallagher [QUOTES]Manchester United already have their own hybrid of 'Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo' [REPORT]Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's four options to replace injured Trent Alexander-Arnold [COMMENT]  Arteta was asked at his press conference whether he stood by the comments he made on Wednesday. And he insisted his opinion had not changed, explaining more in depth his reason for complaining. He said: "I do [stand by the comments] because I’m talking about the Premier League and I heard some comments about when you’re in Europe it’s nothing new, it’s nothing new to me, but I’m not comparing Europe, I’m comparing the Premier League and how we’re scheduling games in the Premier League. "When you’re in Europe it’s a different story, what I’m comparing is the Premier League and it’s very different. We’re the only team that’s been scheduled like that and I’m not talking again about Europe because some of those teams are not going to be involved in Europe."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here