The idea of supporters having a role in the new ownership of Chelsea Football Club has been mentioned several times. But that could come true as a fan-led group has held talks with two leading bidders over having a share in the club. True Blues Consortium, co-founded by former captain and club legend John Terry, have revealed that they have spoken to two groups that are leading the race to sign the Stamford Bridge outfit. Reports have circulated that the price of the overall sale could go beyond £2.5billion. and, according to Sky News, the consortium would like to purchas a 10% stake in the club. Sandford Loudon, a representative of True Blues Consortium recently said: “'Thousands of supporters and dedicated fans have contributed over £100m to True Blues. We're having positive discussions with the two leading bidders and the bank in charge of the transaction, and our primary goal is to ensure that Chelsea fans have a voice during these unprecedented times. “We are defending our valuable club's history and principles and hope that by allowing fans to own a piece of Chelsea FC. This ground-breaking new model will change how football teams are run.” JUST IN: Dortmund chief admits Arsenal history could repeat itself with Haaland There have been no details as to who Terry’s consortium has spoken to, or information about just how successful the talks were. Raine Group, who have been enrolled to handle the sale, are keen to ‘present a preferred bid’ to the government in mid-April. Bidding will end on April the 11th and the group are planning on giving themselves a week to settle on which option they think is best for Chelsea. True Blues Consortium will be hoping that their name is mentioned on several occasions during those talks. READ MORE: Luis Enrique ‘out of running’ to become Man Utd's next manager Chelsea are currently operating under a special licence due to the sanctions imposed on owner and Russian businessman Roman Abramovich, who has tied with Vladimir Putin. Sports Minister Nigel Huddleston has been vocal throughout the process and has reiterated that Blues supporters are being affected because of their owner and not targeted by the licence. He explained on Wednesday: “We have had constant dialogue with Chelsea fans because the whole strategy throughout is to be very, very clear that Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned and that has clearly had implications. "I was very honest and open with the Chelsea fans saying 'this will have an impact because he has been sanctioned and he is the owner of the club'. We have tried to make reasonable modifications to the licence to enable fans to engage with the club and continue as much as reasonably possible. I continue to work with the fans, but I was very clear from day one and it's still the case - this is not business as usual.