 Scarlette Douglas took a trip to Valencia in Spain in a classic episode of A Place in the Sun. House hunters Chris and Jill from Yorkshire were welcomed onto the Channel 4 property show as they hoped to find a permanent home in sunny Spain. Armed with a maximum budget of £150,000, Scarlette toured the couple around a range of properties. However, the search got off to a bad start.   Chris and Jill were hoping to find a Spanish property with a minimum of three bedrooms, two bathrooms, lots of land and a pool. The first property Scarlette took them to was a four-bedroom villa with outdoor space and a pool. The villa was on the market for around £147,000, but as soon as they entered the property Chris and Jill realised it wasn’t big enough for them. “What do you think?” Scarlette asked as she welcomed the couple into the open-plan living area. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show  “It seems a bit closed, a bit narrow, yeah,” Chris remarked. Jill swiftly agreed the space wasn’t quite right, comparing the room to a corridor. She said: “I do understand that moving to Spain a lot of the time you’re going to be living outside, so most of your entertaining and your eating hopefully will be outside. “But, I think because it’s going to be a permanent move, we need to have a living room where we can sit in the evening if you want to sit and relax and watch TV. "I just don’t think that this shape room would work for us,” Jill explained.    “Oh no!” Scarlette exclaimed, before suggesting one way of working around the space issues. “What I was thinking that you could potentially do with this one is knock this wall down here into the kitchen and have more of an open-plan space,” the presenter said. However, as they stepped into the kitchen Jill made it clear she still wasn’t keen on the property. “No, I still think even if this wall was to come out that end of the room would still be a corridor,” Jill insisted. DON'T MISS...Why is Dancing On Ice Final not on? ITV replace skating series [MUST SEE]After Life's Ricky Gervais details reason he avoids cliffhangers [INSIGHT]Pointless Celebrities fans stunned by geography question results [WATCH]  Scarlette replied: “I really thought that this would be a good starting option for you. “I know that you’re not loving it at the moment but let’s go and have a look at the pool area. "I think it would be good to at least see a first pool and then we can always go from there,” she added, encouraging the couple to see more of the property. However, Jill soon found another problem as they headed out to the pool area. “I think the neighbours are too close,” Jill declared, with Chris agreeing: “Yes, the neighbours are on top of you.”   The couple conceded they liked the size of the pool, but it wasn’t enough to change their minds about the property. Chris and Jill quickly decided to leave the viewing without seeing the rest of the villa. Scarlette asked: “Do you want to see any more of this one or is this a definite no for you?” “A definite no,” the house hunters replied in unison, with Jill adding: “It’s not for us.” “Okay, we’ll leave this one behind,” Scarlette said, as the couple walked away. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4. 