Jurgen Klopp has already declared his admiration for the work of Erik ten Hag, who could be lining up against the Reds next season with Manchester United. The Dutch tactician, who has developed a reputation as one of the most promising coaches in all of world football, is now understood to be the frontrunner for the United job. Old Trafford chiefs remain adamant there is no clear favourite for the position given that they are still in the early stages of their recruitment process. United plan to push on with interviewing other candidates - including Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique - before making any final decision. But should Ten Hag land the role, which now looks more than likely, United can begin to work their way back towards trophies under his long-term vision. Liverpool boss Klopp is under no illusions that the 52-year-old is among the finest coaches in the game, something he made clear before facing his Ajax side in the Champions League last season. READ MORE: Man Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger “Erik [ten Hag] is rightly regarded as one of the most exciting coaching talents in world football at the moment because of the work he does with Ajax,” Klopp said in December 2020. “Of course, it is a wonderful club – one of the stellar names of European football – but in this moment it is clear they have outstanding leadership of the organisation and Erik is a big part of that. “They have had to adapt in recent seasons after losing a few players to rival clubs. I remember from my own experience at Dortmund how that feels and what a challenge it is. “How they deal with it is exceptional. The foundations of the team remain solid and they have recruited well. They have a clear identity. I love watching them, I have to say.” DON'T MISSPaul Pogba reveals battle with depression after World Cup medal stolen during Man Utd gameMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held Ten Hag is said to have impressed during Monday's interview. United's managerial hunt is being spearheaded by football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher. The Ajax's boss will come at a cost of around £4m due to a compensation clause in his contract. He only put pen to paper on a new deal last summer amid strong interest from Tottenham. Ten Hag was willing to continue in Amsterdam and went on to win all six of his Champions League group stage matches with Ajax. The Eredivisie giants have since been dumped out of the competition but have two-point lead at the top of the table.  Ajax will also face title rivals PSV in the final of the KNVB Cup on April 17 as Ten Hag looks to sign off in style...