From April 1, 2022, the energy price cap in the UK will be hiked by 54 percent, adding a predicted £700 to the average household’s annual electricity bills. With rising costs at the forefront of the nation’s collective mind, there are some simple changes you can make around the home to save money on your electricity and gas bills. There are also a number of initiatives in place from both energy suppliers and the Government to help people with energy costs. However, in order to benefit from these, you must meet specific criteria as set out by either your energy firm or the Government. Agree a new payment plan: Contact your supplier as soon as you can if you are worried about paying your energy bills or are in debt to your supplier. Suppliers must work with you to agree on a payment plan you can afford under Ofgem rules. This includes reviewing a plan you have agreed before. You can ask for: READ MORE: Why do I need to take my meter reading today? The best time to submit Check schemes, grants and any benefits from your supplier: Many energy companies offer schemes or grants to help with home heating and energy costs. For example, by making your home more energy-efficient or offering free boiler checks and upgrades. You don’t have to be a customer to join some of these schemes. Citizens Advice lists grants some larger suppliers offer, but you should talk to your supplier about grants and schemes they run too. Check with the Government. You might qualify for the: DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [EXPLAINER]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [COMMENT]Energy price cap and two other horror rises coming into force tomorrow [REPORT] If you do not meet the requirements for support from your energy company or Government schemes, you can also take matters into your own hands by making some simple changes around the home. To save money on your electricity bill, you’ll need to cut down on how much you are using on a daily basis. Request a smart meter You can begin by tracking how much energy you are using with a smart meter. Households can request a smart meter from their energy supplier and use the in-home display to track your electricity usage Buy energy-saving lightbulbs There are a number of different energy-saving bulbs available to buy from supermarkets, interior and DIY shops. Compact fluorescent lamps (CFLs), for example, use around 70 to 80 percent less electricity than the equivalent traditional bulbs. They also last longer. Although the price of the bulbs is actually higher than regular bulbs, which can put people off to begin with, over the course of their lifetime, each bulb can actually save around five times their original purchase cost. Turn appliances off totally when not in use, do not leave them on standby Leaving appliances on standby is often referred to as an "energy vampire" because they "suck up" energy unnecessarily. According to the Energy Trust, you could be saving £35 a year just by remembering to switch off appliances instead of leaving them on standby. Turn lights off in unused rooms Much like leaving electronics on standby, leaving lightbulbs switched on when not in use is a major waste of energy. Be sure only to turn on what you need. Only fill the kettle with the water you will use According to Which?, this is one of the best ways to save money in the kitchen. They state: "Only fill and boil the kettle with as much water as you need. The most energy-saving kettles have a low minimum-fill line, and switch off swiftly after boiling." Cook in batches Not only can batch cooking save money on energy, it can also make midweek meals a little easier and reduce overall spending on food. EDF recommends sitting down on a Sunday night and making a quick list of what you’ve got in the fridge or the cupboard that needs using, before getting to work cooking for the week. Anything cooked can then be popped in the freezer for later. Be careful when pre-heating the grill Though some pre-heating is necessary for adequate cooking, leaving your grill to pre-heat for too long can end up being a major waste of energy and ultimately money. Furthermore, you should never open up the grill while it is pre-heating. Wash clothes at lower temperatures According to Ariel, when it comes to doing your laundry, the most efficient way to save energy is to turn down the washing temperature on your machine to 30C or below. Research conducted by the Energy Saving Trust found that washing at 30C rather than at 40C reduces your energy consumption by 60 percent per cycle. Only wash full loads You should also be sure to only wash full loads of laundry, rather than popping in a smaller wash. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Request a smart meter and in-home display to track your gas usage Much like with electricity, a smart meter can also track your gas usage. Contact your energy supplier who will be able to arrange a smart meter fitting. Turn down your thermostat, but only if it is comfortable to do so Turning down your thermostat, even by just one degree, can make savings. The Department of Energy estimates savings of about one percent for each degree of thermostat adjustment per eight hours and recommends turning thermostats back seven to 10 degrees from their normal settings for eight hours per day to achieve annual savings of up to 10 percent. Make sure radiators are not blocked by furniture or curtains Placing furniture infant of a radiator can block heat distribution, thus defeating the purpose of having your heating turned on in the first place. Draught proof and insulate your home There are numerous ways you can ramp up your home insulation. Some cheap DIY methods include adding draught-excluding tape to your windows and purchasing a fabric draught excluder for the bottom of doors.