The financial institution’s MPC voted eight to one in favour of an interest rate hike, with only deputy governor Jon Cunliffe voting against the motion. As part of its announcement, the Bank of England also confirmed that inflation is forecast to soar even further in the common months. Inflation is predicted to rise to eight percent in the second quarter of 2022 Q2, under current projections. The bank stated: "Inflation is expected to increase further in coming months, to around eight percent in 2022 Q2, and perhaps even higher later this year."   Concerns were raised by the bank that inflation could increase by even further by the end off 2022 by “several percentage points”. Considering inflation was forecast to peak at 7.25 percent last month, this means it could rise by double-digits towards the last few months of the year. Anxieties over inflation are currently being exacerbated by the hike in energy bill prices, following Ofgem’s announcement that the price cap will likely see bills soar by £693 a year. In response, Richard Eagling, Senior Personal Finance Expert at NerdWallet, said: “Today's decision from the Bank of England to hike interest rates will undoubtedly place many households under greater financial strain. Teamed with high inflation and soaring gas, electricity and food prices, as well as the fact that the average UK adult holds around £32,000 of debt, today's increase could impact some people's ability to afford their repayments. Make no mistake, these are extremely challenging times as far as financial management is concerned.” Economists had forecast the bank to hike interest rates by 25 basis points to 0.75 percent despite the ongoing war in Ukraine shadowing the worldwide fiscal outlook. This latest intervention by the Bank of England is the third consecutive rise in interest rates since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. Furthemore, another increase of 0.25 percent is expected to take place in May 2022 which will see rates hit one percent. Addressing the impact on the housing market, Karen Noye, mortgage expert at Quilter, explained why this latest interest rate rise will be “another blow to generation rent. First time buyers will be among the most heavily impacted by this further rate rise,” Ms Noye explained. To get onto the property ladder, first time buyers often need to borrow the maximum amount available and are faced with higher interest rates as a result of high loan-to-value borrowing. “This rate increase coupled with the rising cost of living means first time buyers are faced with affordability problems that start to become insurmountable without significant help from the Bank of Mum and Dad.”   The Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) originally hiked rates in December from unprecedented lows of 0.1 percent to 0.5 percent. In the first back-to-back interest rate rise since 2004, the bank doubled rates from 0.25 percent to 0.5 percent in February. As interest rates continue to go up, UK inflation has hit a 30-year high of 5.5 percent in the year to January. This increase is the highest consumer price index (CPI) 12-month inflation rate since March 1992 and was higher than the Bank of England’s initial forecast of two percent, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim On the impact on savers, Becky O’Connor, the head of Pensions and Savings at interactive investor, added: “On the face of it a rate rise looks good for savers, but high inflation spoils the party. Savers and investors are damned if they do and damned if they don’t. “Every option seems to have a downside. Decisions on where to keep money may ultimately come down to what looks like the least bad option. People can either leave their money at the mercy of inflation in savings or in investments at the mercy of global stock market volatility, caused among other things by rising inflation and interest rates coming together. “Neither seems particularly appealing if you are trying to preserve and grow the value of your hard-earned money.” Furthermore, data released by the ONS earlier this week revealed that workers in the UK are experiencing a dramatic fall in wages. Real regular pay for the average worker dropped by one percent in the three months to January, which represents the largest fall since 2004. Surprisingly, this blow for workers across the country comes as payroll numbers hit 29.7 million in February and vacancies soared to 1.3 million over the same period. Similar decisions to the Bank of England have also taken place across the pond as the United States’ Federal Reserve confirmed plans to hike interest rates yesterday (March 16). As well as announcing the interest rate hike, the Bank of England also condemned Russia’s invasion and the suffering inflicted on Ukraine. The financial institution stated: “The Bank is working closely with the UK Government to support its response in coordination with international authorities. The Bank’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) supports this condemnation and welcomes these actions.” The one dissenting vote, Jon Cunliffe, referenced Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine in his decision making, citing the impact a hike would have on the financial pressures the war is imposing on people. Per the minutes of the MPC’s committee meeting, Mr Cunliffe said: “These appeared to have been exacerbated by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The invasion could also increase uncertainty and decrease consumer and business confidence. Such impacts on activity and employment would push against domestic inflationary pressures.”  Prior to the vote, Thomas Pugh, economist at RSM UK, outlined his predictions for the Bank of England’s decision. Mr Pugh explained: “The committee has previously made it clear that it is more concerned about the risk from inflation than the danger of weaker economic growth and the recent jump in commodity prices has only heightened that risk. “The committee has previously made it clear that it is more concerned about the risk from inflation than the danger of weaker economic growth and the recent jump in commodity prices has only heightened that risk. “Increases in the price of energy products and a swathe of commodities, from wheat to aluminium, will send inflation sharply higher in the next few months and keep it high for the rest of the year.” Referring to the energy price cap and ongoing Ukraine conflict, the economist added: “Rather than falling by about five percent in October as we expected it to, Ofgem’s price cap may rise again by another 30 percent (or more), raising the chance of a second inflation peak in October. “All this means inflation will probably be above five percent at the end of 2022, and it may not be until the end of 2023 that inflation is back at the two percent target. “However, given how uncertain the economic outlook is at the minute we suspect the MPC will want to conserve as much flexibility as possible. “This could mean that they drop their guidance that a modest tightening of policy is likely in coming months. Our base case is still that there is another rate rise in May, that would take rates to one percent but the crisis in Ukraine could easily mean this is delayed.” Martijn van der Heijden, CFO at Habito, added: “Base rates are now back to pre-pandemic levels for the first time, at 0.75 percent, having had three successive rate rises from the last three MPC meetings. That’s not happened since 1997 - so today’s third hike is likely going to be a shock for homeowners who aren’t used to so many successive hikes in such a short time period. “It comes as Britain is facing rising inflation across the board, with soaring gas and electricity prices, higher taxes, all made worse by the impact of war in Ukraine. This has all meant that the Bank’s inflation target of two percent is disappearing in the rear-view mirror. In its statement, it said “inflation is expected to increase further in coming months, to around eight percent in 2022 Q2, and perhaps even higher later this year.” 