Arsenal director Edu is gearing up to offer Alexandre Lacazette a new and improved contract at the Emirates Stadium, according to reports. The Frenchman will be a free agent at the end of the season as things stand in spite of his importance to the Gunners, with the likes of Barcelona and Lyon having been linked with his signature in recent weeks. However, it seems as though he could ultimately end up rejecting the chance to move to Spain or return to France by staying in north London for at least another season. Edu is weighing up the possibility of handing Lacazette a new 12-month contract at Arsenal with the option of a further year, according to French outlet L'Equipe.Lacazette joined the Gunners from Lyon five years ago and has played an influential role for the club over the course of this season. He has only managed to score four goals since the beginning of the campaign but tends to lift his side with his on-pitch presence and willingness to track back and drop deep.Mikel Arteta has already insisted that Lacazette's contract situation will be handled at the end of the season in order to avoid detracting from the club's ongoing bid to finish in the Premier League's top four for the first time since 2016. The Arsenal boss has also underlined that any final decision will need to be made by the player, who scored a hat-trick in a behind-closed-doors friendly against Brentford B earlier this week, himself. JUST IN: Neville claims Liverpool fans only 'quiet' on ownership due to success "We have discussed that at the end of the season, when we know where we are we are going to make a decision together," Arteta told reporters when quizzed on Lacazette's future before the international break. "We agreed the decision is to do it in the summer and that's when we are going to do it."That's a question for him but obviously we have to make decisions and we've made that decision to try and finalise that at the end of the season. That's what we're going to have to try and do." It remains to be seen whether Lacazette will eventually commit his future to Arsenal or if the temptation of a fresh start elsewhere will be too great at the end of the season. Barcelona have been heavily linked with the 30-year-old's services in recent weeks after raiding the Gunners to land Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang on a permanent basis at the end of the January transfer window.Lyon have also been credited with a desire to bring Lacazette back to Ligue 1 in order to bolster their attacking ranks in advance of next season. The Frenchman will have no shortage of options on the table when the time comes to make a decision on whether or not to extend his stay at Arsenal, with Edu needing to convince him that it would be in his best interests to remain on their books. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here