Apex Legends is definitely one of the better Battle Royale games, so it's good to see it finally make the move to mobile phones and tablets. After recently delaying the launch of Apex Legends Mobile due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, developer Respawn has set a new release date for the portable spinoff. Coming to Android and iOS, Apex Legends Mobile has a March 7 release date and a midnight Pacific Standard Time launch time. Unfortunately, however, the initial launch will be limited to just ten countries, and that doesn't include the UK or US. Instead, Apex Legends Mobile will be available on Android and iOS in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, Indonesia, Mexico, Peru, Argentina, and Colombia. The UK and US launch date is very much dependent on the success of the limited rollout in the countries listed above. Developer Respawn isn't giving much away, only that it will share additional information soon. "We’ll be sharing updates on global launch once we’ve made informed decisions coming out of the limited regional launch," Respawn continues. "If you’re in one of the participating test countries, pre-registration is now open. We’re still actively testing the app around the world and we can’t wait for more players to join the fun at launch!" In terms of content, Apex Legends Mobile will launch with a limited number of characters, including Bloodhound, Gibraltar, Lifeline, Wraith, Bangalore, Octane, Mirage, Pathfinder, and Caustic. Needless to say, the mobile version won't support cross-play with consoles or PC, at least not at launch. By the sounds of it, this won't change in the future, with the game being built specifically for smartphones: "Apex Legends Mobile is being built specifically for mobile, so it won’t feature cross-play with the console or PC versions of Apex Legends. Likewise, the Apex Legends developer doesn't recommend side-loading the game through third-party sites. "In our upcoming test, the game will be available on both Google Play Store and Apple App Store. Please note that the game should not be sideloaded through a third party site or direct APK download." If you live in one of the participating countries, or are interested in playing Apex Legends Mobile when it finally makes its UK debut, Respawn has also posted a list of supported devices/specs. "Notably, devices not supported during the limited region test are iOS devices with less than 2GB RAM and Android devices with less than 3GB RAM. We will be able to support Android devices with 2GB RAM from the following brands... Vivo, Oppo, Huawei, Motorola, Samsung, Lenovo, Xiaomi. To run on Android, you need to have a phone with Android 8.1, Open GL 3.0 or higher and 3 GB free space. For iOS devices, you need an iPhone 6S or later, OS 10.0, an A9 processor, 3GB or free space and at least 2GB RAM.