Glasgow City Council has announced it will include all vehicles travelling into the city centre as part of the Low Emissions Zone LEZ) from June next year. Currently the LEZ includes buses driving in the city but will now be expanded to all cars in order to “improve air quality, protect public health and support wider climate change ambitions by encouraging more sustainable transport options.” A City Administration Committee approved the moves on Thursday and the plans will now be submitted to the Scottish Government for approval. The LEZ will apply to all vehicle types other than motorbikes, mopeds, emergency vehicles and disabled blue badge holders. Failing to comply with the LEZ will result in a £60 penalty charge, reduced by 50 percent if paid within 14 days. READ MORE: Thousands of classic cars to become tax-exempt Residents currently living in the zone, which covers an area from the M8 motorway in the North and the River Clyde to the South, will have an extra year to change their vehicles. The council says that interest-free loans are available for people to purchase e-bikes, electric vehicles, and home charging points. Taxi drivers must be able to prove that they are either in the process of buying a suitable vehicle or converting one to meet emissions in order to avoid the fine. The zone will operate 24 hours a day, all year round without exception. DON'T MISSClassic cars should not be taxed the same as commuter cars [INSIGHT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [COMMENT]Classic car owners could be ‘penalised a lot more’ in car tax changes [ANALYSIS] Cllr Anna Richardson, City Convener for Sustainability and Carbon Reduction said: "Glasgow's air quality situation is pressing, not least because of the chronically high levels of air pollution in some of our streets. "Seeking to restrict the most polluting vehicles from our city centre is the right thing to do to ensure that we mitigate the health harms caused by air pollution. “Whether it is the impact on cardiovascular disease and breathing conditions such as asthma, or the less obvious contribution to conditions such as dementia, diabetes or cancers, air pollution affects us all. "I'm delighted that the council has today approved the final scheme design for the second phase of Glasgow's LEZ, which will see all vehicles entering the zone having to meet cleaner emissions standards to avoid a penalty charge.” She continued: "As next June approaches, we will continue to raise awareness and understanding of Glasgow's LEZ and engage with those most affected to encourage and support emissions compliance. “We will also continue to back a wide range of projects and initiatives that ease in accordance with our LEZ, including those that encourage higher levels of active and more sustainable travel and a reduced reliance on private vehicles." Scotland already has low emissions zones in place in other cities including Aberdeen, Edinburgh and Dundee. The stated aim of the zones is to reduce levels of nitrogen dioxide and other air pollutants. Anyone living within 20km of an LEZ in Scotland can apply for a grant of up to £2,000 to dispose of their vehicle if it doesn’t meet emissions standards. Sole traders may also be eligible for a £2,500 grant under the Low Emission Zone Support Fund for businesses. There’s also an LEZ retrofit fund which offers up to 80 percent of costs to get a business vehicle converted. Scotland will ban the sale of all petrol and diesel vehicles by 2030.