British world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has claimed he will retire from boxing after his upcoming bout with Dillian Whyte. Fury is set to face compatriot Whyte at Wembley Stadium on April 23. It was widely expected that, were Fury to win, he would then battle the winner of Anthony Joshua’s rematch with Oleksandr Usyk later in the year. However, Fury has said he is planning on stepping away from the ring to spend time with his wife Paris and six kids abroad. “This is the final fight of my career, I'm retiring after this,” Fury said at a press conference on Tuesday. “£112million in the bank, healthy, young, I’m gonna buy a massive yacht abroad. JUST IN: Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine “I’m retiring, I’m out, this is my final fight, I’m done.” Fury’s promoter Frank Warren announced that Wembley Stadium will be set up to fit a maximum capacity of just under 100,000 for the Gypsy King’s clash with Whyte. If true, the bout could break the 90,000 British boxing attendance record held by Anthony Joshua vs Wladimir Klitschko. Joshua is reportedly rooting for Whyte to come out on top and win the WBC title from Fury, which prompted a defiant response from the Morecambe man. DON'T MISSCatterall posts heart-breaking message after controversial Taylor lossJosh Taylor claims controversial split-decision over Jack CatterallJoyce's chin lauded by heavyweight - 'Six times of a normal human' “They want me to be like them - beaten - but it’s not happening,” Fury retorted. “All of them will be clubbing together because they want to see me lose, but that ain't happening because the big GK don't do losing.” The Gypsy King was at the first press conference to formally announce the bout with Whyte - but a key figure was missing. The Brixton Body Snatcher failed to show amid ongoing purse frustrations between the two camps. Instead, Whyte opted to stay at his Portuguese base where he is undergoing his training camp ahead of the fight. Fury's retirement announcement will not come as a shock to fans and boxing media, as he has repeatedly claimed he will hang up his gloves in the past.