The upcoming reunion dinner party episode will confirm which of the Married at First Sight Australia couples are still going strong, but the highly-anticipated update isn't airing until the weekend. However, new snaps from behind the scenes of the episode hint towards the relationship status of a few of the former singletons who appeared on the show. Snaps show which couples arrived together for the dinner party, which was filmed in January, while others indicate a split as former couples didn't travel to the event together. The reunion dinner party will air on Sunday night, but fans of Married at First Sight are keen to know in advance what happened off-camera. Favourites Olivia Frazer and Jackson Lonie were snapped arriving together. This goes against recent speculation that the couple have broken up, which came as a result of the dinner party trailer appearing to show the two had gone their separate ways. If they arrived at the show's final even together though, it can be assumed they are still a couple. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? The two seemed happy as they strolled out of the car together and Jackson held up an umbrella for the pair to shelter under as the rain poured in the pictures obtained by the Daily Mail Online. In a preview of Sunday's show, Olivia and Jackson are seen sitting together when they are asked to share the "big news". They look uncomfortable as Mel Schilling is then heard asking: "Who ended the relationship?" With their romance being one of the most popular on the show, fans would probably be surprised if they had decided to part. Meanwhile, Domenica Calarco and Jack Millar did not arrive at the dinner party together. Jack seemed sorrowful as he appeared to race to the dinner party, trying to avoid the cameras. Domenica arrived in a red dress and the producers of the show seem to be trying to keep her from the view of the cameras. Monday's episode saw Brent Vitiello and Tamara Dkordjevic deciding to split, and the latter was seen turning up on her own. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan savages woke brigade in new rant [LATEST]Kate Garraway's Caring for Derek misses out on BAFTA nomination [BAFTAS]Whoopi Goldberg slaps down race focus after Will Smith slap [VIDEO] She sported a blue dress showing off her stomach and legs as she made her way to the event. Brent also made a swift entrance on his own as he arrived o join his co-stars. Another couple appearing to have stayed strong is Selina Chhaur and Cody Bromley, who seemed to be very loved-up as they exited the car. The two smiled as they walked hand-in-hand, the picture of a happy couple. Selina wore a silky green dress while Cody donned a dark green shirt and white trousers. Ella Ding and Mitch Eynaud also surprisingly arrived together, despite calling it quits during their final vows. The pair happily posed for the cameras before leaving the vehicle as Mitch put a protective arm around Ella. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.