The Last Kingdom season five is on Netflix now and it marks the end of the road for many of the stars. However, for some characters, it is the first time they have been seen in the historical drama. One of the newcomers is Ingrith (Ilona Chevakova), who is married to fan-favourite, Finan (Mark Rowley).  The first episode of the final season is set at least a decade into the future from season four. Up until this point, Finan has not been in a relationship and fans were desperate to see him find love. However, they did not expect his new love interest to be a new character, with many believing he had fallen for Eadith (Stefanie Martini). The season four finale saw Finan tend to Eadith's injuries following the Winchester siege. Many fans had been rooting for the pair to get together, feeling Finan deserved a partner. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star discusses working with 'moody' co-star Yet season five's first episode reveals how Finan has settled down in Runcorn with Uhtred (Alexander Dreymon) and the rest of the gang. It seems Sihtric (Arnas Fedaravičius) was also reunited with his wife and children somewhere during the time jump. Finan is seen kissing his wife Ingrith and they appear very happy together, with their own children. Yet not much is given away about how the pair met, although it is likely to be in Runcorn. Finan may have come across the villager when the group arrived, and she could have welcomed them fondly. Although not much is known about Ingrith's character, she proves herself to be a fearless woman. When Runcorn is infiltrated by enemies, she seems determined to offer her assistance. Finan is reluctant to let her go, but she begs to make the journey to warn others of the enemy group's attack. However, she is knocked off her horse trying to make her escape and all hell breaks loose. Following the attack, Runcorn is no longer a safe place to live. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5 cast: Who is joining the final season? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom's Finan star pays tribute to Alexander Dreymon [DISCUSSION] She features in some of the show's most pivotal moments and witnesses many tragedies. Ahead of the series being released, The Last Kingdom's Instagram page released a photo of Ingrith. The picture featured a quote from the character, which said: "What were they like before we civilised them?" She is played by Ilona Chevakova, who shared some behind the scenes snaps on her own Instagram account. The star stood alongside her on-screen partner Rowley, Dreymon and Osferth actor, Ewan Mitchell.  She said it was "an honour" to be a part of the series and to star alongside such talent. Chevakova is a 35-year-old Russian actress who is based in Helsinki, Finland. She moved to Finland when she was five years old and has had a fruitful acting career. Her previous credits include Renny Harlin's feature film Luokkakokous 3 and Pamela Tola’s feature film Teräsleidit.   The Last Kingdom season 5 is on Netflix now.