BBC presenter Sophie Raworth questioned the Shadow Work and Pensions Secretary if the Government could afford to borrow more money after Rishi Sunak announced that a record £83 billion on debt interest alone was forecast to be spent in the next financial year. Speaking to BBC's Sunday Morning, Mr Ashworth said: "The reason why we've got this problem with borrowing is because for 12 long years." Ms Raworth interjected: "I'm not asking about the borrowing, I'm asking about whether or not the Government can afford to spend more money." The Labour MP continued: "The debt and borrowing is a reflection of hacking away at the roots of growth. "If you had better growth in those 12 years, we would be in a better position." The BBC presenter added: "That was the past." READ MORE: Rishi Sunak could launch another tax rebate  Mr Ashworth noted: "We're in a better position now to deal with the pressure on public services. "You've got to ask yourself after 12 years of hacking away at growth, we have public services stretched and the highest tax burden." Ms Raworth was forced to ask again: "That's not what I'm asking you. I'm asking if a Government can afford to spend or to borrow more money when it's already having to spend £18million paying off the interest on its debt. "I'm just wondering whether you think a Government can borrow more money." Mr Ashworth also branded the Chancellor "Mr Tax" as he accused him of "acting in his own interest" rather than those of Britons. The Labour mp gave the nickname to Mr Sunak while warning that pensioners have been "cutting back on hot meals" and "forgoing hot showers" as they cannot afford the cost. Mr Ashworth told Sophy Ridge On Sunday on Sky News: "Rishi Sunak absolutely had more room for manoeuvre in this spring statement and mini budget, but rather than acting in the interests of the British people, he was playing games. "He was acting in his own interest because he thinks by offering an income tax cut in two years that'll help him politically with Conservative MPs if there's a leadership contest or that'll fit the Tory election grid. DON'T MISS John Curtice issues bombshell Tory leadership prediction [INSIGHT]AA warning as petrol stations pass on less than half of fuel duty cut [ANALYSIS]Cost of living cause: Why net-zero will stop rising prices [VIDEO] "I don't believe that putting 1.3 million people into poverty because you're imposing a very severe real-terms cut to universal credit, you're imposing the biggest cut to the pension in 50 years, is fair." The Government will uprate benefits by 3.1 percent in April although the inflation rate is expected to average nearly 8 percent over the year. Mr Ashworth said Mr Sunak should have imposed a "windfall tax" on the profits of oil and gas companies to generate funds to help struggling families and pensioners with energy bills. He said: "He chose not to do that."