Piers Morgan has hit out at Vladimir Putin’s claim his invasion of Ukraine was a bid to “deNazify” the country, adding that is the Russian President who is the Nazi. Putin made these claims at a recent rally in Moscow, where cameras cut his speech off early due to a glitch. Taking to Twitter in view of his 7.9million followers, Piers posted a photo of Putin at at the rally earlier today. The 56-year-old captioned the snap: “Putin holding a mass rally to preach about the urgent need to eradicate Nazism would be funny if it wasn’t so deadly serious. “HE is the Nazi, waging illegal genocidal war against a sovereign democratic nation with a Jewish president.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky is actually Jewish, and his grandfather fought the Nazis in the Red Army during World War II. READ NOW: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family Talk TV star Piers has been outspoken in his criticism of the UK government’s response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which has killed hundreds and caused three million refugees to flee the country. He claimed Putin is “laughing at us” and called Europe “pathetically spineless” over Russia’s nuclear bomb threat. Piers tweeted: “Putin’s laughing at us. “He now knows that all he has to do to is threaten to use his nukes (which he won’t) and we’ll all run away in terror. “When did we get so pathetically spineless in the face of nasty little bullies?” The former Good Morning Britain presenter accompanied the tweet with a picture of Putin laughing. The TV star also questioned what’s to stop the Russian leader “taking other countries” amid his “nuke threats”. “If Putin succeeds in taking Ukraine by scaring us all off with his bulls**t nuke threats, what’s to stop him taking other countries including those in NATO?” he asked. DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [UPDATE]'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [LATEST]Will Smith fires back at Rebel Wilson's joke about his marriage [DEBATE] “Once you cave to a bully, they keep bullying. #StopPutinNow.” Piers also called attention to a 40-mile convoy of Russian military vehicles that satellite images showed en route to the Ukrainian capital Kyiv. He questioned the lack of military intervention from NATO “There’s a 40-MILE convoy of Russian military vehicles heading towards Kyiv to surround the city, trap the people there, and bomb them into submission," he wrote.  “There’s a war crime unfurling in front of us. Who will stop it?” So far, the main international action that has been taken against Russia’s invasion has been a series of sanctions - but critics have insisted they aren’t enough to stop Putin. Yesterday, Arnold Schwarzenegger released a video on Twitter aimed at Russian people, begging them to realise they had been "lied to" about the invasion. “The destruction that Russian bombs are raining down upon innocent civillions has so outraged the world that the strongest economic sanctions ever taken have been imposed on your country," he said.