The ships, laden with oil, liquified gas and diesel, were turned away by port staff at the Isle of Grain, Kent; Milford Haven, Wales; Ellesmere Port, Merseyside; and the Isle of Orkney. The vessels, some owned by Russian companies, were diverted to ports in France, Belgium and Holland as the West's tough sanctions hit home. Two were said to be still hunting for a port last night. Meanwhile, soaring forecourt costs caused by the Ukraine invasion could see the nation grind to a halt. Fuel prices are rising at a rate of 5p a day with experts warning a litre of unleaded petrol could top £2 by the weekend. Diesel could end up soaring to £3. Campaigners are pressing Chancellor Rishi Sunak for a 5p fuel tax cut in his March 23 mini-Budget. In London, one pump in Chelsea was selling diesel at £2.19 a litre and petrol for £2.18.9p. Figures from data firm Experian Catalist showed that on Tuesday, the average cost of a litre of petrol on UK forecourts was 158.2p. The average cost of a litre of diesel reached a new high of 165.2p. Simon Williams, of the RAC, said: "The cost of filling a 55-litre family car with petrol is now £87 - £7 more than it was at the start of the year." Former Cabinet minister Robert Jenrick said the Ukraine crisis, coupled with soaring costs of heating a home and rising food prices, could be "the most difficult economic year we've seen in my lifetime". Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said the impact of sanctions on the nation's wallets would be "worth it" to defeat "repugnant" Vladimir Putin. But backbenchers are demanding a reprieve for drivers. Experts say the UK and US's decision to boycott Russian oil, with giants like Shell joining in, means the price of crude is not only likely to continue to soar, but will remain high for a significant time. Meanwhile, the EU is slashing its use of Russian fuel by two-thirds by the end of the year. Oil sales had made the Kremlin nearly £76billion a month, which has helped finance Putin's £11billion-aday invasion of Ukraine. With a barrel surging to around $125 - up $25 in under a fortnight - Putin is making even more money, despite the growing bans. Industry experts say banned Russian fuel could still end up in the UK - it could be put on a new ship or pumped under the Channel. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: "We need to stem the flow of Putin's gas and oil blood money from funding his war machine, so I think it's right to cut off their oil." In a tax cut plea to Mr Sunak, FairFuelUK said the extra £2billion in VAT from soaring fuel prices over the last year "is more than enough to give drivers some respite". Mr Sunak had hoped the windfall would help pay back huge debts run up by lockdown schemes such as furlough and also help check inflation. The Bank of England was expecting inflation to peak at 7.25 per cent in April, but economists now think it could hit 8.7 per cent - the sharpest cost-of-living rise since May 1982. The Centre for Economics and Business Research (CEBR) has now halved its economic growth forecasts for this year from 4.2 per cent to 1.9 per cent, wiping £51.4billion off the UK's potential gains. Next year's predictions have also been lowered from two per cent to zero per cent, shaving off another £42.5billion. CEBR deputy chairman Douglas McWilliams said: "The economy will effectively be on a partial wartime footing as we reduce our dependence on Russian oil and work with Europe to reduce dependence on Russian gas."