Folk, a new co-living brand recently opened its first site for renters, The Palm House in Harrow. The space has been designed around Folk’s key pillars of community and connection, providing large communal spaces to encourage residents to interact and form new friendships and relationships. Having never visited a site like this, it was eye-opening to see how this new way of living could completely transform the world of renting. Co-living spaces are becoming increasingly attractive for renters due to them being a cost-effective way of living. They allow people to live, work and socialise in one building. Walking into reception, I was greeted with a comfortable seating area as well as amazing pieces of artwork on the walls. On the same floor is The Palm House’s on-site restaurant, Mule, which serves tasty drinks and will soon serve food. After a quick orange hot chocolate, the best one I’ve ever had in fact, I headed up to the room I was staying in for the night. Upon entry I was greeted by a stylish short hallway with the bathroom to my left, a stylish forest green kitchen which led on to the bed area. READ MORE: Interior: ‘Simple’ ways to ‘update any space’ affordably Folk at The Palm House offers four sizes of studio apartments, with prices starting from £1,248. I was initially shocked at the price of the studio apartment until I realised this price includes all utilities, council tax, events as well as access to shared spaces including a gym and services included. A gym membership could be up to £80 each month alone. There are 222 private studios in the building, which have been built across eight floors. There are several shared spaces residents can have access to including a large community kitchen, fit with modern appliances, a screening room with comfortable sodas and a gym. This also includes relaxation rooms with walls of books looking over the gorgeous London skyline. DON'T MISS:Areas of the home to ‘avoid’ cleaning with white vinegar - ‘don’t use’ [COMMENT]Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fan shares 99p ‘game-changing’ tip to clean toilet brushes [INSIGHT] What’s more, those who work from home or wish to escape their rooms also have access to a large office-style room with desks and chairs. Folk at The Palm House is also home to break out spaces and quiet meeting rooms, all available to residents with super fast WiFi. I loved the two roof terraces too, perfect for al fresco dining in the warmer weather. After checking out the room and having a tour of the impressive building, I headed for a fun evening of activities, including a cooking class in the communal kitchen. After meeting some of the residents, we spent around an hour cooking a meal with unusual ingredients, and unusual they were. Our meal consisted of healthy components including turkey, butter beans with cooked grapes as well as celeriac mash and chocolate broccoli! Our pudding consisted of chia seeds with edible rose petals, topped with delicious popcorn. After eating the meal at the communal tables in the kitchen, I headed back down to Mule for an evening of gin tasting and live music. The space in Mule is so relaxing, packed with greenery and an array of comfortable seating. I thoroughly enjoyed my evening with the team and headed back to my room for a well-needed night's sleep. Despite being a studio apartment, the room has been designed to make the most out of the space. The bed had storage underneath it as well as on the walls behind it and there was plenty of kitchen storage. The bathroom had lots of storage and a good size shower. What’s more, my room has a spacious balcony and underfloor heating, something which is hard to find when renting. I didn’t know what to expect from visiting a co-living space but I was not disappointed. It’s not something I had even really heard about before visiting Folk at The Palm House and it has really opened my eyes to a new way of living. To have so many amenities on your doorstep is brilliant, not to mention the amazing team behind it. Folk also has an on-site team 24/7 to provide support to residents, including a dedicated Community Manager to help people settle in.  Paul Naylor, General Manager at The Palm House, said: “We’re really excited to launch Folk’s first co-living space in Harrow, just a 12 minute train ride from Euston. “The Palm House takes all the best bits of co-living and combines them with state-of-the-art design and innovative technology, to make for a more sociable and hassle-free rental experience. “The Folk brand has been created by a team with years of experience and knowledge of residential property and co-living. “We believe that this incredible way of renting really makes sense for post-pandemic life, bringing a great balance of communal living and working, private comfort and outdoor space.” The Palm House is powered on 100 percent renewable energy and donates one percent of net operating profit of the building back to local charities and community organisations. The company is planning to open more co-living spaces in Earlsfield and Battersea, with rooms already being occupied with more than 50 residents at the Harrow site.