Angela Stevens' son Brett talked to a woman online before travelling more than 300 miles from his home in Tunstall, Stoke-on-Trent, to a holiday cottage in Aberdeenshire to meet her in person. They rented the cottage - an Airbnb - and took their own lives there by swallowing a lethal substance, an inquest had heard. But since her 28-year-old son's death, Mrs Stevens learned he had been spending time on online forums which promote suicide and methods of suicide, and help people link up to take their own lives together. She says she raised her concerns about the link between the website - Express.co.uk not naming - and her son's death. But this was not included as evidence in Mr Stevens' inquest in February last year at North Staffordshire Coroner's Court. Numerous agencies - including the National Crime Agency, two police forces and the government - were aware of the concerns around the websites, a Stoke-on-Trent Live investigation found. There is no criminal investigation into Brett's death, but under English law, anyone who assists or encourages others to take their own life could face prosecution. Mrs Stevens says that she and fellow campaigners against the websites have now managed to identify 21 people who took their own lives who were active users of such sites.  The mum added: "The coroners have failed. Our government has known about the forum for several years, and has done nothing. "The website is preying on vulnerable people. These people are told all the time by other members that are not there to take their own lives, they are pressured. If he came to me I would’ve reported the site. “They encourage their members to hide the site and get rid of any evidence of the site from their devices. “They coach them on how you should be acting in front of friends, family and medical professionals so they don’t suspect you are going to take your own life.  "I sit here now and go over the last couple of years, and I've seen quite a few inquests in Stoke-on-Trent where it mentions chemical toxicity, and I know it's probably (the substance that killed Brett), which indicates to me the people could have been on (the website) or knew people on it." Mrs Stevens said she had believed Brett when he said he was heading off for a holiday in Norway when she last saw him in November 2019. He was due to return on December 5, but didn't show up back at the family home in Tunstall. Worried about Brett - who was diagnosed with autism when he was 15 - Mrs Stevens made a missing persons report to police.  Staffordshire Police got in touch with officers in Norway, but a ping on his mobile phone showed the device was actually in Scotland. He and the 24-year-old woman he met up with - who was understood to have flown over from the Netherlands - were found at a holiday cottage in Stonehaven in Aberdeenshire. Both had died from taking a lethal substance. But Mrs Stevens, of Tunstall, discovered that since 2018 Mr Stevens had been a member of a particular site that apparently promotes suicide. The young man - who had been worried about the family home being repossessed - had been receiving messages with comments such as "your life is not going to get any better". "My son left letters and notes in his phone saying the reason he had taken his life was because the bank was going to repossess the house," Mrs Stevens added. "The minute that they know you are vulnerable and you are more open to suggestions because of your mental health state, they pounce on you. "They are the most sociopathic people out there. They get some sort of sadistic kick out of other people’s misery and then laugh about it when they go ahead and take their own lives."   Mrs Stevens did alert the Staffordshire coroner's office to the evidence that police in Scotland had found on Mr Steven's phone. According to Mrs Stevens, a report by Police Scotland was sent to the coroner's office, and she was in regular contact with the coroner's office about what she had learned. But when the inquest was held in February last year, no mention of the circumstances of how Mr Steven came to have met the woman alongside whom he took his life, nor any evidence about the website, was included in the hearing. Stoke-on-Trent Live has evidence that suggests coroners in Staffordshire could already have been aware of the existence of such websites prior to Brett's death. In 2020, the coroner for Leeds, Kevin McLoughlin, wrote to the then-Health Secretary Matt Hancock following an inquest into the death of Joe Nihill, 23, who took his own life in April 2020. He had swapped messages with people on similar websites to that which Mr Stevens used. Coroner Mr McLoughlin sent a Regulation 28 notice, which obligates the recipient to explain what they are doing to prevent future deaths. The notice, outlining grave concerns about the websites and the access to the substance used in Mr Nihill's death, was circulated to the Coroners' Society. But the Coroners' Society has not responded to our requests for information as to whether the notice was circulated to local coroners. If you are struggling and have suicidal thoughts, know you are not alone and that help is available. Please contact any one of the following. In the UK, you can call the Samaritans free on 116 123 (the number will not appear on your telephone bill) or email jo@samaritans.org. In America, The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a network of more than 160 crisis centres that provide a 24-hour-a-day service via a free hotline on 00-1-800-273-8255. Lifeline is a national charity providing all Australians experiencing a personal crisis with access to 24-hour crisis support and suicide prevention services. Call 13-11-14. Help is ALWAYS available. If you need it, reach out. 