Piers Morgan, 56, denounced critics of Jane Campion, 67, after the director apologised for making a “thoughtless” comment about tennis legends Venus and Serena Williams. The broadcaster took to his Twitter account yesterday to clarify Jane’s intentions in view of his 7.9 million followers. Jane faced the outrage of social media users after she told the tennis pros they “don't play against the guys like she has to” during her acceptance speech at the Critics Choice Awards on Sunday. Reacting to the news she had now apologised for her remarks, Piers tweeted: “It was a joke. “Why is she apologising? God, the humour cops are so bloody exhausting.” Other Twitter users agreed with the former Good Morning Britain, stressing that Jane did not intend to offend anyone with her remark. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? Morm333 said: “OMG, I’m sure it was a tongue in cheek comment! It’s called humour. “Why do we have to dissect and analyse everything nowadays. It’s tedious!” Suzanrose_18 added: “Foolish and exhausting.” RobertJ_1996 wrote: “I don't even know how some people find the energy to get outraged over this.” However, some social media users disagreed with the presenter and deemed the mea culpa appropriate. Berhtwald1 tweeted: “She's apologizing because that's what decent ppl do when they make a mistake.” (sic) TheTragicSoul typed: “It's a good thing it was an insensitive joke and Jane Champion has actual morals unlike you.” Jane issued an apology as she backtracked on her remarks during a statement to Deadline. DON’T MISS:Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [COMMENT]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT] She highlighted that she “did not intend to devalue the two legendary black women and world-class athletes.” Jane continued: “I made a thoughtless comment equating what I do in the film world with all that Serena Williams and Venus Williams have achieved. “I did not intend to devalue these two legendary black women and world-class athletes. “The fact is the Williams sisters have, actually, squared off against men on the court (and off), and they have both raised the bar and opened doors for what is possible for women in this world.” The film star went on: “The last thing I would ever want to do is minimise remarkable women. “I love Serena and Venus. Their accomplishments are titanic and inspiring. “Serena and Venus, I apologise and completely celebrate you.”