If you've recently received an email from Sky with the subject "Important changes to your Sky subscription" you're not going to like what's coming later this week. The satellite TV is hiking prices with millions set to see their telly and broadband plans rise from April 1 - that's this Friday. "At Sky, we're always working to bring you unmissable entertainment, the most innovative products and award-winning services to enjoy," the email reads. "So that we can continue to give you the best experience possible we sometimes need to review our pricing. Your prices will change in your April bill." So what does this mean for your monthly outgoings and how much more will you actually pay? Each customer is different which is why Sky has sent individual messages out to those affected as not everyone will be hit by the same hike. As a guide, Sky has confirmed that the average customer will pay an additional £3.60 a month. For example, the cost of Sky's Signature TV bundle will increase from £26 to £27, while those who have added BT Sport to their telly bundle will see prices rise from by £1 as well to £28 a month. If you want to watch in High Definition, you'll face another extra charge of £1 a month. READ MORE: Freeview upgrade brings popular Sky channel to your TV for FREE And it's just TV that's going up as Sky's broadband plans will also increase by £2.50 a month – that's £30 a year. Sky says that those on its Broadband Essential plan will see things go up from £25 to £27.50 a month, meanwhile Broadband Superfast will increase from £28 to £30.50 a month. Speaking about the hikes, a spokesperson for Sky said: “We know price increases are never welcome so we aim to keep prices as low as possible while still delivering the content customers love, the flexibility to choose the right package, and our leading customer service.” Sky isn't the only firm putting up prices with BT and TalkTalk also increasing things this week. Both of these popular Internet Service Providers have confirmed increases that will push things up by over 9 percent. Speaking about its upcoming price rise, BT Managing Director of Consumer Customer Services Nick Lane told broadband-focused blog ISPreview: “Price rises are never popular, but are sometimes a necessary part of business, if we’re to keep up with the rising costs we face and ensure we can continue to deliver a brilliant network experience as customers usage of data grows month on month." Virgin Media has already hit its users with bigger bills with the firm's new pricing coming into force last month. This change means most Virgin users are now paying around £4 more than they were at the start of 2022.