Levi (played by Richie Morris) is currently friends with Freya (Phoebe Roberts) after their romance came to an end not too long ago on Neighbours because it was revealed the newcomer had a boyfriend called Gareth. It turns out she had come to Ramsay Street to find him as he had gone missing after making a report about corruption in the police. Although the pair are now searching for the mysterious man together on the Channel 5 soap, their bond could end up seeing them act on their feelings but the repercussions going forward could be massive if suddenly a baby is involved. The heartthrob has already explained how he feels his relationships never seem to work out and he always ends up being hurt. He thought this is how things would end with Freya but in fact, he has found someone he can call a friend and is able to help despite their relationship being make-believe. As they spend more time together trying to find Gareth, it could become apparent the two Ramsay Street residents are starting to see each other in a new light. Although there was an attraction when Freya first arrived in Erinsborough, it could be a lot deeper now they have got to know each other better. In the mind of the newcomer, she has a boyfriend and she would not want to jeopardise said romance until she knows he's gone for good. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow star speaks out on leaving ITV soap Temptation could be too much to avoid, however, and it might not be long before the friends are spending the night together at a hotel they are staying at as they continue their mission to find Gareth. They could agree because Gareth is still in the picture, for the time being, they won't repeat their night of passion. Freya could then start to show symptoms of early pregnancy and a test could confirm she and Levi are going to be parents. This would blow the heartthrob's mind as he never thought he would become a father so young but he could tell Freya this is a sign they are meant to be together. As she begins to get her head around the idea, she could be left rocked to the core when Gareth walks back into her life. The mysterious man could tell Freya he is never going to leave her again and he wants to commit to their relationship as the time apart has made him realise he truly does love her. However, she would have to explain to her boyfriend she is expecting another Levi's baby and she wants to keep it. Gareth might not react too well to this as this would mean his girlfriend betrayed him when he was running for his life. Freya could be devastated by his reaction to the news but as he leaves town once more, she could tell Levi they should give their relationship a chance. What could be more heartbreaking is that as the couple share they are going to have a baby, Kyle Canning (Chris Milligan) would be struggling to come to terms with his own news. DON'T MISS...Adam Lambert health: Starstruck judge's open letter to his fans [COMMENT]Dec Donnelly had several famous girlfriends before marrying Ali Astell [ANALYSIS]Celebrity facialist shares tips for maintaining youthful skin [INTERVIEW] In upcoming scenes on the weekday serial drama, Kyle and his wife Roxy Willis (Zima Anderson) will try for a baby, despite some opposition from their loved ones. They are going to have to go through the process of IVF as Kyle's testicles were removed when he was receiving treatment after being diagnosed with cancer. The Canning man did manage to give a sample of his sperm before the procedure so the child would biologically be his. Whether this will work out or not is yet to be seen but if it doesn't, Levi could be living the life his cousin wanted so badly. Will this tear the Cannings apart or will Kyle put his own heartbreak to the side to be happy for Levi and Freya? The baby could be born off-screen as it seems Neighbours isn't going to be saved after Channel 5 decided it was no longer going to fund or air the programme. With significant money lost, the show is unable to stay on the television screens and therefore, the character's stories will be wrapped up this summer. For Levi and Freya, the journey could end with them looking forward to the arrival of their child after their romance continues to blossom in the next few months. If a revival of the show is ever made, their child could be a resident of Ramsay Street and their story could live through the young adult. The actress who plays Susan Kennedy, Jackie Woodburne, recently spoke about the show's axing and her reaction to the news. Jackie said in an interview with Studio 10: "It doesn't matter how aware you are of the fans that watch the show and how much they enjoy it. "But this week, it's like a floodgate has opened and I've received the most beautiful messages from people. "People are really going to miss the show and it's going to leave a massive gap in the landscape of not just Australian television but internationally and specifically in the UK as well. "It's the end of an era, it's the loss of an icon and we will never ever see a show like Neighbours again." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.