Jane McDonald is currently showing fans ‘her Yorkshire’ in a new TV series for Channel 5. The famous singer whose career started on cruise ships has led a glamorous life and with it comes long hours and lots of travelling. A few years ago, in a bid to clean up her health, Jane took part in Sugar Free Farm and cut one food group out of her diet. After the programme she implemented what she had learnt and shed four stone in total. With her body now “detoxed” from sugar, the TV star has shared the foods she enjoys in abundance. Discussing her new trim physique, Jane said: “I lost a stone and a half from taking part in the TV show Sugar Free Farm. “I used to eat so much rubbish. I didn’t realise how much rubbish I used to eat. “I’ve always loved a pie and I was very carbohydrate-led as I was always hungry. “I ate far too much and all the wrong things. I didn’t realise that if you eat the wrong things, it doesn’t feed your body so you will want more. READ MORE: Menopause: Doctor shares ‘key’ change to diet for weight loss “I like my life, and my schedule takes a lot of energy, but I was beginning to get quite tired and I was blaming it on age. “I thought it’s just normal to have a big waist and a spare tyre because of my age. “Then I was invited to take part in Sugar Free Farm and I met Angelique Panagos, the resident nutritionist. “She said that I’d get a lot more energy if I just changed my diet and I looked at her with that ‘whatever’ look. DON'T MISS...Fitness: 4 'huge reminders' for anyone wanting to tackle gym anxiety [GUIDE]Nadia Sawalha weight loss: Diet secret that 'doesn't cost a penny' [PICTURES]Mark Labbett weight loss: How The Chase star dropped 10 stone [CELEB] “But within two weeks I’d lost about 9lbs and I didn’t feel hungry. I always used to be hungry and was always snacking on something, but I don’t have any of that now. “It’s because of a change in my mindset. I used to live to eat, but now I eat to live,” she added. Jane went onto explain how she doesn’t eat “white carbs, like white flour or white pasta” anymore and likes to start the day with a “green smoothie”. While cutting out sugar from her diet has led to weight loss, Jane also said she no longer suffers from “energy dips”. “I really had energy dips in the day – the 3pm dip – and since changing my diet I don’t any more dips,” she remarked. “I can’t say I’m fully sugar–free, but I’m probably 80 percent and I think that is quite healthy. It works for me.” As for what she finds herself craving or missing, Jane admitted: “Not now that I’ve detoxed and my body is used to not having sugar. “It’s all about preparation. I spend a lot of time making sure I’ve got a big bowl of chopped up salad. “It has everything in there: red, green and yellow peppers, radishes, olives, celery, cucumber – everything that I like – and I just bang it into a bowl and keep it in the fridge. “Every meal I have, I always make sure half of it is vegetables or salads now. I eat quite a lot of meat, but I now have two days without it. That’s massively new for me. “Although my other half has meat on those days, I have halloumi cheese instead,” she told Your Healthy Living.