A Premier League meeting will take place today where it is expected to be confirmed that teams will be able to make up to five substitutions from next season. It's a move which has been heavily backed by clubs such as Liverpool and Manchester City, but it could come at a cost for those fighting just below them in the table. According to The Times, Premier League clubs are now set to vote in favour of re-introducing five substitutions. There was a brief period when the Premier League restarted in June 2020 following the first Covid lockdown where clubs were allowed to make up to five subs, but reverted back to the usual three last season. That was despite all other major European leagues continuing to stick with five substitutions going forward. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been a huge advocate for reintroducing the five-subs rule. He said earlier this month: "We played Sunday, Wednesday, Saturday and Tuesday, that's a horrible schedule. If we can make changes, we will do that. If it's not, it's not. It's essential that we go again for the five subs." JUST IN: Man Utd 'pay close attention' to Arsenal target Nunez, wants PL move  Pep Guardiola meanwhile called it a "disaster" back in 2020 that the Premier League was not sticking with five substitutions. There was initially strong pushback from clubs lower down the division as they felt the extra two subs gave those fighting at the top an extra advantage. But it may well be teams such as Manchester United, Arsenal and Tottenham who are hampered most if the rule change goes ahead. Liverpool and City have dominated the Premier League for the past few years with Chelsea hot on their heels. The other three teams have been fighting to get back towards the top with little success in recent years. Liverpool, Chelsea and City undoubtedly possess the strongest squads in the Premier League with an abundance of options to choose from when everyone is fully fit. DON'T MISS  Tottenham, Arsenal and United may be able to give them a run for their money on any given day with their strongest XI, but their options on the bench pale in comparison. If, under the new rules, City were drawing 0-0 with United then Guardiola would be able to potentially freshen up his entire front line with little to no impact. But the Red Devils would struggle to bring in like-for-like replacements at the back to handle City's fresh faces coming off the bench. Improvements to the squads at United, Arsenal and Tottenham are all likely to be made this summer to close the gap to their rivals. But having two extra substitutes available from next season would only give an edge to those competing at the top and the trio of sides battling for a top four spot will be left with another fight to overcome.