Antonio Roseto Degli Abruzzi, 56, lost a large chunk of his right thigh after being bitten by an eight-foot fish as he swam in a popular-snorkelling area called La Piscinita on the Colombian island, which is famed for its white-sand beaches. Graphic images published by local press and on social media showed him lying on his back after the attack. Before being taken to hospital, HIS wound dripped heavily, eventually sending him into hypovolemic shock because of the severe blood loss he suffered. The shark attack, which happened on Friday, has been described as a first in the area, which packed with hotels and diving centres is considered a top destination for snorkel fanatics. An island government spokesman said: "There are diving programmes with professionals in which sharks pass nearby, but nothing has ever happened." READ MORE: Dead dolphin mystery after animal washes up on UK beach Diving instructor Mirla Zambrano, 50, added: "We are all very surprised. It’s the first time a shark has attacked a tourist in San Andres." Mr Abruzzi's bite has been linked to a tiger shark, the world's fourth-biggest shark species. As fast hunters — they are capable of reaching speeds of up to 20mph — and with teeth are so strong they can bite through the shell of a sea turtle or clam, they are second only to the great white in recorded fatal incidents involving humans. Still, such attacks are rare. Their fins, cartilage and oil have made them the target of human hunters in recent years though they are not endangered at this point. Marine biologist Rodrigo Lopez said: "People are very worried about what's happened and they're not letting people go into the water. "A witness said the man who was attacked was a good swimmer and had been in the sea for quite a while and when he went further out a second time after coming back towards the shore, began to shout out for help and was surrounded by blood." DON'T MISS Sprawling cities could wipe out 850 species of animals [INSIGHT] Slugs are NOT pests - RHS risks gardener's wrath [REVEAL]Adorable pics of UK’s youngest polar bear – which you can help name [PICTURES] Mauricio Valdonado, who risked his own life swimming out to bring the tourist back to shore, added: "He was on his own." La Piscinita, which translates into Little Swimming Pool, gets its name from the calm waters and the rocky format that make it look like a natural pool locked in between cliffs. Visitors describe it on Tripadvisor as a "great place to swim with the fish", with one saying after a recent trip: "A wonderful place. Very crystal-clear and warm water, a good spot to jump in and enjoy a moment in the water." San Andrés, around 470 miles north of the Colombian mainland, has historic ties to the UK. Settlers from Barbados and England got to the island and the neighbouring island of Providence in the 17th century. Welsh privateer Sir Henry Morgan used it in 1670 as one of the centres of his operations. After a failed Spanish invasion of the islands in 1635, they were controlled by England until 1787.