  Beatles legend Sir Paul McCartney paid tribute to Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins today after the musician sadly died last week. Sir Paul described the 50-year-old’s death as “a shock” and said the star would be “sorely missed”.     Sir Paul, 79, took to Twitter today to address his 4.2 million followers, sharing a picture of himself standing next to the late musician. He wrote: “Taylor’s sudden death came as a shock to me and the people who knew and loved him. “Not only was he a GREAT drummer but his personality was big and shiny and will be sorely missed by all who were lucky to live and work alongside him. Continuing as part of a Twitter thread, he penned: “I was asked by the Foo Fighters to play on one of their tracks. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet       “It turned out that they wanted me to play drums! - on one of Taylor’s songs. “This request came from a group with TWO amazing drummers!” the prolific songwriter shared. “It was an incredible session and cemented my relationship with Taylor and the guys. “Later they asked if I would induct them into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.     “I sang with them on Get Back. Taylor provided a powerhouse drum part. I’ll never forget that night. “All of which made it much more of a desperately sad shock to hear he had died. “So thanks Taylor for sharing some glorious minutes with me. “You were a true Rock and Roll hero and will always remain in my heart. God bless his family and band - Love Paul X.” READ MORE... Paul Herman dead: Goodfellas and Sopranos actor dies at 76 [LATEST] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] Salma Hayek angers fans by supporting Will Smith after Oscars slap [NEWS]      Taylor’s fans, friends and bandmates were left devastated after the musician was found dead in his hotel room in Colombia on March 25. He died while on a South American tour with his Foo Fighters bandmates, which was scheduled to continue that night at a festival in Bogota. Foo Fighters have since released a statement announcing that all their planned shows will now be cancelled in the wake of the tragedy. They made the announcement with "great sadness" after their "staggering loss".      In a statement on social media, they added: "We're sorry for and share in the disappointment that we won't be seeing one another as planned. "Instead, let's take this time to grieve, to heal, to pull our loved ones close, and to appreciate all the music and memories we've made together. With love, Foo Fighters." According to Colombian authorities, a toxicology report showed traces of 10 drug substances in Taylor’s body after he died. However, the cause of his death has not yet been confirmed and investigators have not said if the mix of drugs was a factor.  