The debate around how to respond to Russia has primarily seen people advocate for successively tougher sanctions designed to help them persuade Putin to divert from his current course. Each country has dealt with them in their own way, focussing on figures close to the Russian regime who have domestic interests. In the UK, speculation has shifted to the status of homes owned by prominent Russians, with a notable protest focussing on one in particular. On Monday, protesters entered a Belgravia mansion they believed belonged to Oleg Deripaska, the billionaire Russian industrialist and founder of the firm Basic Element. They stormed the residence and said they claimed it for Ukrainian refugees, echoing proposals by some experts that the Government repurpose vacated properties to house those escaping Putin's invasion. Ministers have hinted they could pursue this avenue, as levelling up secretary Michael Gove said last week that he wanted to “explore” it. READ MORE: Putin's speech shows Kremlin is 'looking for escape route' The Prime Minister's official spokesperson confirmed the Government was "looking at" the prospect on Monday, March 14. But they have announced no concrete plans, likely as they hash out the legal requirements. Express.co.uk has inquired whether, if confirmed as an option, the Government could go ahead with the plans. Jonathan Compton, partner and group head of dispute resolution at city law firm DMH Stallard, explained how complex the proposition was. He said: "Under the current Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering Act 2018 provides under section 1(1) for freezing assets and other financial sanctions. "But there is nothing in the 2018 Act which permits confiscation. "So we are forced back on the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 which does permit confiscation of the proceeds of Crime and UWO (Unexplained Wealth Orders). "The latter both permit of confiscation. But the difficulties are self-evident." "First, in terms of POCA, the assets need to be related to criminal activities. "In the case of sanctioned individuals, there may or may not be criminal activity, but it must be proven to the satisfaction of the crown court (section 6 POCA). "The UWO is an investigatory order which freezes assets whilst the authorities investigate. "UWOs were brought in by the Criminal Finances Act 2017." "The House of Commons library report on UWOs states only 9 have so far been used. "Further reforms followed in the Economic Crime Act 2022. They do permit confiscation but some link to criminality on the part of the subject of the order remains necessary. "The reformed UWO are designed to make the use of UWOs more widespread. "The subject is invited to give details on how the wealth was obtained and a failure to do so can result in confiscation under POCA."