Naga Munchetty penned a sweet farewell message to Eddie Mair who announced his retirement after 40 years in the industry - he started his career at the BBC and ended at LBC radio. The 56-year-old radio broadcaster said he "doesn't have time on his side". Eddie announced he will be stepping down in August - on the four-year anniversary since joining LBC. Taking to Twitter, the radio host shared the news in view of his 125,000 followers today. The broadcaster tweeted: "Apologies for this. There is a war and a cost of living crisis but here is some blah about me," with a link to an article detailing his departure. Eddie explained: “My only regret about LBC is not joining sooner. I’m having a ball and all things being equal would probably carry on forever. READ MORE: Piers Morgan 'more likely to host Meghan's birthday party' says son "They love radio at Global and support it." He continued: "But the one thing I don’t have on my side is time. Like many others, during Covid, I had a rethink about life and in the summer of 2020 told my bosses and close friends and colleagues about my plans to leave. "I’ve been at this for 40 years and I want to have a little time for me before I croak. "So I will carry on as a devoted LBC listener but pass things on to someone new and I wish them all the best.” Naga reacted to the news as she took to the micro-blogging site and retweeted his post. The BBC host admitted she is an avid listener of Eddie on LBC. In view of her 267,000 followers, she penned: "Love listening to @eddiemair. I will miss my 4pm hit after August." Social media users reacted to the news, as many people offered their well wishes to the radio broadcaster. DON'T MISS... Loose Women’s Jane Moore jokes Coleen Nolan ‘ghastly’ for shoving her[LATEST]Rolling Stones star Ronnie Wood, 74, kisses wife Sally, 44, at event[PICTURES]Max Verstappen's girlfriend wows fans with F1 insight[F1] @PrimeNumberOne wrote: "All the best for the future @EddieMair, you will be missed." @Carol Hughes commented: "Always loved listening to you." @NalaSuchet remarked: "Love Eddie Mair - brilliant presenter and challenger." Eddie's career began at the BBC, where he hosted BBC Radio 4's daily news magazine and the Radio 4 Saturday iPM, and NewsPod. The radio host occasionally presented Newsnight and Any Questions. He joined LBC radio in 2018 after the broadcaster left the BBC after more than three decades. Eddie is best remembered for his grilling of the now Prime Minister Boris Johnson when he was the Mayor of London, where the broadcaster branded the politician a "nasty piece of work". At the time, the he had stepped in for Andrew Marr on his former self-titled BBC show. 