Fancy a new Xbox Series S for free? Well, that is exactly what Virgin Media customers are being offered right now when they sign up for certain bundles with the broadband and TV firm. This pretty epic offer is available to those joining plans such as Virgin's Bigger bundle + Movies, Bigger bundle + Sports, Bigger bundle + Sports & Movies or the Ultimate Volt bundle. As soon as the 18-month contract is signed, Virgin will then ship out the Xbox Series S or, if you're not an avid gamer, there's the option to grab a £200 bill credit instead. As a quick reminder, the Xbox Series S is Microsoft's latest console with this device featuring a sleek design and enough power to play all of the latest titles online. The Series S usually costs £249 so this is a very generous offer from Virgin. One thing to note is that the deal ends on Thursday, March 3 so there's not long to take advantage of the fabulous freebie. Here are all the deals that include the Xbox and how much they cost. Bigger bundle + Movies • £62Includes M100 Fibre Broadband, Sky Cinema HD, 200+ TV channels & Talk Weekends18-month contract • Free Xbox Series S if you sign up todaySEE THE DEAL HERE Bigger bundle + Sports • £69.99Includes M350 Fibre Broadband, Sky Sports, 195+ TV channels & Talk Weekends.18-month contract • Free Xbox Series S if you sign up todaySEE THE DEAL HERE Bigger bundle + Sports & Movies • £79M100 Fibre Broadband, Sky Sports, Sky Cinema HD, 210+ TV channels & Talk Weekends18-month contract • Free Xbox Series S if you sign up todaySEE THE DEAL HERE Ultimate Volt bundle • £85Includes Gig1 Fibre Broadband, 230+ channels with Entertainment, Anytime calls + O2 sim.18-month contract • Free Xbox Series S if you sign up todaySEE THE DEAL HERE This is clearly great news for anyone joining Virgin but it's not so good if you're currently using Virgin. From this month prices are going up with some users facing an extra £4.30 being added to their bill. Explaining more, the firm said: “While we recognise a price change is never welcome, with rising costs and our customers using their services more than ever, we are reviewing our pricing to fuel further investment in our network and services, both now and in the future. We’re committed to providing brilliant services and excellent overall value, and consistently give our customers more for their money than anyone else.”