One of Chelsea's prospective buyers, Saudi Media Group, have reportedly failed to make the final cut as the Blues narrow down a field of interested parties. The west London side is set to change hands after Roman Abramovich, who bought the club in 2003, was slapped with UK government sanctions following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Chelsea have been scrambling behind the scenes since Abramovich was sanctioned earlier this month, a move which ultimately left the club cut off from their owner's money. Ticket sales and player contracts were both put on hold as a result of the government action. Several high-profile bidders went public with their interest in purchasing the club, including Saudi Media Group. A report from GOAL indicates that their proposal has not been progressed to the final stage as the club continue to work through last week's final bids. Their quest to take over at Stamford Bridge may not end there, however. The report goes on to state that Saudi Media Group would be open to teaming up with one of the preferred bidders and forming a new consortium. JUST IN: Michael Owen claims Man City are Mohamed Salah's only option if he leaves Liverpool  Whether they follow through on that plan remains to be seen. They are said to be considering their options although reports indicate that no approaches have been made to other groups as yet. Saudi Media Group already have football experience through domestic club Al-Nassr, but alleged connections to the country's government may have proven a stumbling block. The group deny any such connections, and were supposedly ready to pile £200million into the club immediately. DON'T MISS...Liverpool legend Divock Origi to leave on free transferBarcelona could be about to give Liverpool a major boost over SalahBruno Guimaraes sends bold Newcastle message to Man City and Liverpool It is now believed that three proposals are front-running to take over from Abramovich. The Ricketts family are among them despite dividing opinion with Blues fans, Todd Boehly's consortium are also thought to be in with a shot alongside another consortium involving Sir Michael Broughton and Lord Coe. Word is yet to break on the progress of Nick Candy's bid. The British businessman is supported by Chelsea legend Gianluca Vialli, and had significant financial backing from South Korean firms and Saudi businessman Amr Zedan.  Despite behind-the-scenes chaos, Blues boss Thomas Tuchel has done an admirable job at keeping his players' minds focused on the job at hand. At this late stage of the season, Chelsea are still in the FA Cup and Champions League, while they seem to have a top-four spot sewn up and narrowly lost to Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final. Since the news broke of Abramovich's sanctions, they have won four consecutive matches. Last time out, they comfortably beat Middlesbrough 2-0 at the Riverside Stadium to book their spot in the FA Cup semi finals. 