Sir Charlie Bean, who recently left the Office for Budget Responsibility, said the plan for an immediate rise may be “political" rather than economic. The cost of living crisis is well and truly being felt and likely to become much worse in the coming months. The tax rise is set to hit the average worker hardest, costing £255 more a year, however Sir Charlie believes this could deferred another 12 months. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has insisted that the £12billion a year it will raise is needed to provide long-term funding for the NHS and social care. Mr Sunak said it requires "hard work, prioritisation, and the willingness to make difficult and often unpopular arguments elsewhere". But Sir Charlie - who was also previously deputy governor at the Bank of England - told the BBC ahead of the Spring Statement: "There is no problem in the UK borrowing several billion pounds for one extra year. READ MORE: Retirement: The 'risk free' way to take money out of your pension "What you can't run is sustained large deficits, but the pace at which you close a deficit is basically a political judgement." The hike breaks a manifesto pledge and spells the highest tax burden since the 1950s. Critics include those in Rishi Sunak's own party: MP Sir John Redwood fears the hikes could "sandbag" the recovery. Employees, employers and the self-employed will all pay 1.25p more per pound in National Insurance from April 2022 if the hike goes ahead.  The National Insurance increase will come into force in April before the tax rise is rebranded as a Health and Social Care Levy from 2023. Under it, the average worker will pay an extra £255 a year in taxes. An employee on a £20,000 a year salary will pay an extra £89. Higher earners on £50,000 per year would pay an extra £464. Working adults, including those over the state pension age will have to pay the 1.25 percent levy. However, people earning under £9,880 a year, or £823 a month, don't have to pay National Insurance and won't have to contribute. National Insurance was introduced in 1911 to provide a fund for workers who had lost their job or who needed medical treatment. It is now used to pay for the NHS benefits and the state pension. With energy prices increasing, analysts believe the average family will soon be £1,000 a year worse off – and that's without the forthcoming tax rises, the BBC reported. But the Chancellor has struck with the decision, explaining that raising taxes now means he can deliver sustainably lower taxes in coming years. It will also avoid escalating interest payments on Government debt. The Treasury said: "We recognise the pressures people are facing with the cost of living and are providing support worth around £20billion this financial year and next to help."