Chelsea are hopeful of bringing in a new owner before the end of the season with Roman Abramovich keen to sell following sanctions placed on him by the UK Government. The deadline has now passed for bids to come in and the Raine Group are expected to make a shortlist before a final decision is made in the near future. The club are currently under a transfer ban which stops them from negotiating new contracts with current players. That ban will likely be lifted once their new owner is approved to come in and take over. But there could still be some restrictions in place based on who comes in and takes charge with each bidder having their own plans for the club. This summer's free agency market may therefore be Chelsea's best bet in the transfer window to give Thomas Tuchel what he wants. Express Sport takes a look at four players who may be of interest to the Blues. The Saul Niguez loan deal has not worked out well for Chelsea and he's unlikely to stay at the club beyond the summer. But midfield recruits will still be top of Tuchel's wishlist, particularly if N'Golo Kante leaves. JUST IN: Liverpool 'very interested' in Chelsea transfer target to replace star  Reports have indicated that Marcelo Brozovic is leaning towards an extension at Inter Milan, but if Chelsea show interest that could sway his mind. The 29-year-old has been a huge part of Inter's success in recent years and holds plenty of experience at the elite level. A bit of a cheat to include Rudiger on this list but it may well come to the point where the Germany international is a free agent before Chelsea can even hold contract negotiations with the defender. Rudiger wants to be paid what he believes he is worth and to Chelsea he's arguably been Tuchel's most important central defender. Chelsea's new owners may have a different approach in negotiations with Rudiger which may give the Blues an edge in talks. Dan-Axel Zagadou Even if Rudiger stays, a central defender will need to be signed with both Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen expected to leave. Borussia Dortmund have failed to tie Dan-Axel Zagadou down to a new contract and a move to the Premier League could be on the cards. DON'T MISS  At 22 years of age, Zagadou is seen as one of the most talented young defenders in world football. And Chelsea will be able to bring him in for a cut-price deal with the promise of regular first-team football. While Ben Chilwell is set to return next season, it appears as though Chelsea want an upgrade on Marcos Alonso. The Spaniard has played his part in Chelsea's success over the years, winning every trophy apart from the Carabao Cup with the club. Marcel Halstenberg could potentially be the best option on the market this summer with RB Leipzig not willing to offer the 29-year-old a new contract. A long-term injury has kept him out for the most of the season, but Halstenberg has played in a system with the left-back pushed further forward and he has a strong return with goals and assists.