The Russian invasion of Ukraine has “largely stalled on all fronts” as it reaches its 21st day, British intelligence says. The latest Ministry of Defence (MoD) update suggested Russian forces have suffered “heavy losses” while making “minimal progress” on land, sea and air in recent days. The news appears in line with American intelligence reports, which suggest Russia is struggling with resources and morale. US intelligence estimates more than 7,000 Russian soldiers have died since Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion last month, with between 14,000 and 21,000 believed to have been injured. Putin maintains that the so-called “military operation” is “going to plan”, yet fears have been raised that he will resort to tactical nuclear weapons after recently moving deterrent forces to “combat ready” status. Russia’s military doctrine is believed to have a ‘de-escalation’ policy: using a tactical weapon on the battlefield or as a demonstration somewhere, or at least threatening to do so, in a bid to force an opponent to back down. Dr David Blagden, a senior lecturer in International Security at the University of Exeter, told Express.co.uk that Russia might resort to using tactical nuclear weapons in a bid to get an adversary, in this case Ukraine, to back down. He explained tactical nuclear weapons would be “lower-yield weapons designed to destroy military forces on the battlefield”. He said: “It would, in effect, be a bid to [end] the conflict and restore the status quo ante, ie the situation before they started losing the war. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as kidnapped mayor RESCUED in 'special operation' “There’s also a concern about whether they could be used in Ukraine, against Ukrainian forces, either because — or even in the absence — of a NATO intervention. “If, weeks or months from now, the Russians are still deadlocked, their economy on the rocks, losing thousands of conscripts (all with bereaved parents who could blame the Kremlin), there’s a fear that they might resort to using a battlefield weapon in a bid to get Ukraine to capitulate. “Such a step would be deeply foolish — they’d pay even more grievous economic and diplomatic costs if they took such a step — but it’s not wholly inconceivable.” Russia is believed to have about 2,000 tactical nuclear weapons. The yield of tactical nuclear weapons is usually lower than that of strategic nuclear weapons, but the larger ones are still extremely powerful — the largest ones perhaps more than six times as powerful as the bomb that killed 146,000 people in Hiroshima during World War 2. Dr Blagden continued: “They might even consider initial ‘non-lethal’ options, like detonating a nuclear weapon over the sea, to show how seriously they’re taking the situation and in a further effort to dissuade outside powers from intervening. “Again, that would be a risky road to start walking down, but it’s possible they’d judge the stakes are high enough if they think the regime’s survival is at risk.” However, Dr Blagden sought to add that the nuclear situation would never go “straight from conventional war to Armageddon”, but instead “via increasingly severe waypoints”. He explained: “The scenario has never really been, ‘Will Putin wake up in a bad mood one morning and push a button to end the world?’ “More plausible scenarios are an escalatory spiral of move and counter-move.” DON'T MISS:Vladimir Putin sending FOUR amphibious warfare ships to Europe [LATEST]Russia warns it can put US in ‘their place' in grim threat [QUOTES]Putin fears see mission to Mars CANCELLED as partnership ‘impossible’ [NEW] For Putin to consider any nuclear option, the ongoing conflict in Ukraine would likely need to drastically deteriorate, with experts convinced there are no imminent signs of this happening. Given that Putin claims Ukraine is part of Russia, using nuclear weapons on Russian territory would seem a bizarre move. However, it has been suggested that China might be a further reason for not doing so. Dr Heather Williams, a nuclear expert at King’s College London, told the BBC: “Russia is heavily dependent on Chinese support, but China has a ‘no first use’ nuclear doctrine. “So if Putin did use them, it would be incredibly difficult for China to stand by him. If he used them, he would probably lose China.” However, others have suggested that Putin may turn to another form of weapon of mass destruction — a chemical weapon. Jonathan Jackson, a senior teaching fellow in policing and security at Birmingham City University, told Express.co.uk: “Unfortunately, it is likely that chemical weapons will be used, but more for the terror they cause than the physical damage they can achieve. “Chemical weapons can be ineffective on the battlefield, but the shock and fear that they can create, particularly in the civilian population, is unquantifiable. “With Putin increasingly in need of ending the conflict quickly and breaking the Ukrainian resistance, it may be a tactic employed.” NATO has so far refused to put troops on the ground in Ukraine due to fears it would escalate the conflict. Estonia’s chief of defence, Lieutenant General Martin Herem, told CNBC this week that troops ought to be deployed if Russia decides to use a weapon of mass destruction. These fears were echoed by NATO’s Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. Speaking at a press conference, he said Russia’s accusations that Ukraine is operating chemical and biological weapons laboratories “makes us a bit concerned about the possibility that they are actually planning to [use chemical weapons]”. Ukraine has vehemently rebuffed the allegations ever since they were first made. Mr Stoltenberg added: “The President of the United States and other allies also made it very clear that if they use chemical weapons, there will be a high price to pay. “But I will not speculate about any military response from the NATO side except for saying very clearly that NATO’s main responsibility is to make sure that we defend and protect all allies.”