Jannik Sinner has been forced to retire from the Miami Open just one day after dispatching Nick Kyrgios in a fiery match that saw the Aussie receive two code violations as he took issue with both the court and the chair umpire. The ninth seed was trailing Francisco Cerundolo 1-4 in their quarter-final on Wednesday when he forfeited the match, allowing the world No 103 to progress to his maiden Masters semi-final. Sinner earned credit for an impressive display against Kyrgios in their last-16 match on Tuesday, as he stayed calm and collected while his opponent was imploding on the other side of the net. It was their first meeting, with the Italian winning through 7-6(3) 6-3 while the world No 102 fumed at chair umpire Carlos Bernardes. Despite his frustrations during the match, Kyrgios was quick to pile praise on the 20-year-old after losing to him, and Sinner advanced to the quarter-finals to face Cerundolo, who had never won an ATP main-draw match on a hard court before this week. The world No 11 was the clear favourite to win the match but surprised the Stadium court crowd when he took off his sweatbands and shook hands with his opponent at 1-4 down in the first set, retiring the match. It was the second back-to-back retirement of the day on the main Hard Rock Stadium court, after WTA world No 6 Paula Badosa also ended her match at 1-4 down to Jessica Pegula in the women's quarter-final. It was later revealed that Sinner's official reason for withdrawal was "foot blisters". JUST IN: Djokovic's brother thanks Kyrgios with 'personal invitation' to Serbia  Last year's runner-up had impressed against Kyrgios while the former world No 13 fumed at the umpire when his walky-talkie accidentally went off mid-rally. "Get a new set of referees, these guys don’t know how to do s***. Walky-talkies going off. It’s a joke. He is a joke. Get rid of every single staff and start over. Everything. I will run the sport. I could do 100x a better job. Marketing. Everything. You guys have no idea. None. You guys can’t even ref right," Kyrgios raged during one of the first-set changeovers. He later received a point penalty in the first set tiebreak which Sinner went on to win 7-3 and continued his tirade at Bernardes, receiving a game penalty as he demanded the umpire explained how he received a violation for unsportsmanlike conduct. The penalty meant the Italian started the second set a break up and he broke once more at the end of the match to take it 7-6(3) 6-3. DON'T MISSOsaka explains why she feels 'really emotional' facing stars her ageThiem's nightmare luck continues with Covid just day after comebackATP make contact with Olga Sharypova over Alex Zverev investigation   Sinner himself later admitted he didn't understand what was happening on the other end of the court, saying in his post-match press conference: ""Oh, ask him. I mean, I don't know. What I understood, the court there is a little bit different than the center court. He usually played on the center court, which he said it was a little bit slower. The rest, I didn't understood. I mean, I just tried to stay in my zone, and, yeah, I think that was the right choice." Kyrgios also shared a message for the 20-year-old after the match, tweeting: "Don’t get it twisted. I got mad respect for @janniksin he is one of my favourite players and he was TOO GOOD." The pair had also been set to meet in the same round of Indian Wells last week but Sinner had to withdraw ahead of the match with illness, and this time the world No 11 has been struck by foot blistering.