Yescapa connects tourists with local leisure vehicle owners across the UK and Europe. Tourists can rent owners’ own vehicles to enjoy a van holiday. Express.co.uk spoke to Joseph Thomson, UK country manager at Yescapa, to find out his top tips. He told Express.co.uk: “From my own experience I would suggest exchanging with the leisure vehicle owner before your trip. “They know their vehicle the best and will be able to run you through everything you need to know to operate it correctly. “On my most recent trip we went through a thorough tutorial which was really useful before departing. READ MORE: ‘Blew my mind’ The Three Drinkers in Ireland are back “Vehicle owners are also very knowledgeable when it comes to local points of interest and ideal campsites that you can fit into your trip.” Yescapa has over 12,500 leisure vehicles listed for hire on its site and more than 180,000 rentals have taken place in the last decade. The company also provides comprehensive cover through its insurance partners for free for van owners. It’s always a good idea to test out a vehicle before heading off on a long road trip through the UK or Europe. As Joseph says the vehicle owners will know all the inside tips and tricks for an enjoyable road trip. Joseph added: “I would also advise not to over plan your trip. It’s more about the journey than the destination on a road trip holiday. “It’s important to have a rough idea of your itinerary but the beauty of a road trip holiday is that you can remain flexible and have a slow travel experience at your own pace.” There’s no rush to get anywhere on a van road trip and it’s a good idea not to try to pack too much in. The beauty of a road trip is the journey or that special morning waking up overlooking a stunning coastline. Joseph added: “Our Yescapa community also offers its own advice and tips as all our listings are review based. “They can read reviews from previous renters, who also have the option to add photos from their road trip holiday to their reviews. “It helps renters gather ideas and an insight into the experience and better organise their own holiday.” Just like many accommodation booking platforms, checking out reviews is a great way to know what to expect. Reviews from previous travellers could also help any van newbies to plan a fantastic road trip route. Joseph told Express.co.uk: “For holidaymakers who are beginners with leisure vehicle rentals we provide them with advice on how to organise their holidays.” Van holidays are also perfect for passengers who are feeling nervous about Covid due to the privacy offered. Visit Yescapa to see what vehicle options are available or for more tips and tricks. 