Charlotte Smith and Adam Henson took Countryfile viewers to the Cotswolds on Sunday night, which is where Adam's farm is based. The TV host runs his dad’s farm, Cotswold Farm Park, along with his business partner, and over the years, Adam has been forced to come up with new ways to earn an extra income for his farm. The 56-year-old has always been interested in regenerative farming, a method that looks at a different approach to food and farming systems. An example of this includes recycling as much farm waste as possible and adding composted material from sources outside the farm. During the episode, Adam teamed up with his neighbour to learn how he can change his own farming habits, yet still pay the bills in the face of pressures to go green. David, a regenerative farmer, issued Adam a warning about how he can make changes to his own farm. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn Before Adam met up with David, he told Charlotte: "There is certainly no time for standing still and like so many farmers across the country, I've now got to make some serious choices about how we farm for the future." As Adam went up to David's field, he explained how his neighbour runs 800 acres of land regeneratively. "To grow our crops we are using more than 200 tonnes of nitrogen fertiliser," Adam told him. "We're not using anything at all," David simply replied.  Adam later said: "I have been intrigued by a new way of doing things and it's called regenerative farming, I am wondering whether it would work on farms like mine. "So, I've been peering over the hedges wondering what my neighbour, David is up to." Before the presenter walked around David's farm, he asked his neighbour for some "key pointers" of regenerative farming. "It is quite different to the way I do it," Adam explained before David replied: "You minimise your soil disturbance, you grow a diverse range of plants in the ground." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] He went on to warn Adam that if he wanted to begin regenerative farming, he needed to reduce his chemical input. "As you know, they are very expensive and don't really enhance our carbon footprint," David told him. "If I wanted to go on the regenerative journey do I have to go organic?" Adam asked before David said: "No, you don't need to go organic. "It is part of the journey we have to take as a civilisation, we have got to make changes, business as usual is not an option, that is the really key thing."  "We have got to make rapid changes to cope with everything that is going on in the world and ultimately our survival," the farmer added. Viewers took to social media following the segment, with many praising the programme for discussing regenerative farming. Ian wrote: "A very interesting programme tonight. Good luck to Adam with his decision-making #countryfile." Karen tweeted: "Build better sustainable soil & increase biodiversity through regenerative farming & no need for artificial fertiliser. Adam getting a lesson in regenerative farming. #countryfile." While Chris added: "Adam on #countryfile is gradually getting the message from his neighbour who uses no nitrogen fertiliser and no pesticides. It has to be the future of farming to not always look for maximum profit." (sic) Countryfile airs on Sunday at 5.30pm on BBC One.