Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has hit back at Christian Horner after it was claimed the Red Bull chief accused their F1 rivals of producing an 'illegal' car after unveiling their upgraded W13 in Bahrain. It was reported by Auto Motor Und Sport that Horner said parts of Mercedes' W13 were 'not legal' with the zero-sidepod design attracting plenty of attention in Bahrain.  Red Bull have now refuted any suggestion that remark came from Horner himself. A Red Bull spokesperson said: "Horner has not given any interviews regarding Mercedes' car. Any quotes attributed to him this morning are incorrect." Though they later added, in a hint that the quotes were indeed genuine: "So we are clear, we have made no official comment regarding Mercedes’ car and will not be doing so." Wolff was made aware of comments attributed to Horner before Red Bull's first statement denying the interview. And the Mercedes chief was in disbelief at how Horner would possibly have any legality concerns over the W13 after such a short space of time. Wolff said: "How does he know half an hour after he saw the car for the first time that our car is supposed to be illegal?" Mercedes were the talk of the paddock on Thursday morning as they debuted their radical changes to the W13. Lewis Hamilton's car was unwrapped with all eyes on the minimal sidepods present on his car. Reports emerged earlier this week that Mercedes' change in design had produced stellar results in the simulator. While the sidepods cannot be completely taken away due to side-impact structures, Mercedes have redesigned their cooling unit to create more space on the side of the car. Sky Sports pundit Martin Brundle likened Mercedes' new car design to a melted bar of chocolate. Brundle said: "We've already seen this morning with the Mercedes, they have a massive new shape. "It looks like a bar of chocolate has been left out in the sun and melted, such is the bodywork wrapping around what must be a very creative cooling system on the car. "When we look at all ten teams, how they've interpreted the new rules are quite dramatically different which is a nice change. "These three days are critical, an accident or a major reliability issue will hold the team back for the opening part of the season." The Bahrain Grand Prix takes place next weekend (March 18-20).