One way people can save hundreds of pounds over the course of a year is to check whether they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. NHS prescriptions cost £9.35 per item, which works out at £112 a year if someone relies on them every month, yet millions of Britons with certain conditions should get them for free. Although Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced some measures in his Spring Statement to help those on a low income, experts say they won’t go far enough to ease the financial pressure many Britons are feeling. With inflation at the highest level it’s been for 30 years, people will be looking to stretch their finances where they can. Free prescriptions could save households hundreds, if not thousands, over 12 months. Britons with certain medical conditions usually qualify for free NHS prescriptions so it’s worth checking the list. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues warning as grieving families targeted According to the NHS website, Britons should receive a Medical Exemption Certificate if they have: DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [INSIGHT]60 Lloyds, Bank of Scotland and Halifax branches to shut [WARNING]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [UPDATE]   Britons who suffer from anything on the list above should automatically receive a certificate through the post which shows they are exempt. If they haven’t, they can apply for an exemption certificate on the NHS website. It could also mean they are entitled to free dental care and glasses. Meanwhile, low income families on some state benefits should also qualify for free NHS prescriptions depending on their earnings. As a rough guide, families whose income does not exceed £15,276 would usually qualify for this extra help. In total, there are 15 groups of people who qualify for free NHS prescriptions including those with a medical exemption. A Department for Health and Social Care spokesperson said lots of people are exempt from paying for their prescriptions. They said: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Who qualifies for free NHS prescriptions?