Every star sign in the zodiac has different times in the year when their dreams can come to fruition. For Virgos, astrology experts have revealed that this weekend is important for anyone seeking romance or “creative collaboration”. Virgo is the star sign for those born between August 23 and September 22. They are an earth sign historically represented by the goddess of wheat and agriculture. This is an association that speaks to Virgo’s deep-rooted presence in the material world. Virgos are said to be logical, practical, and systematic in their approach to life. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s go-to move which ‘brings attention’ to herself But this earth sign is a perfectionist at heart and isn’t afraid to improve skills through diligent and consistent practice. Virgo rules the digestive system, which makes these earth signs especially attuned to the ingredients that make up a whole - in food and everything else. They're hyper-aware of every detail. Above all else, Virgos want to help. DON'T MISS...What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [EXPERT]Michael Mosley: Food to speed up metabolism for 'rapid weight loss' [GUIDE]Lawn specialist shares tips to get 'thick healthy grass' this spring [EXCLUSIVE] They are kind, gentle, and supportive friends and lovers who use their incredible intellect and resourcefulness to problem-solve. So what’s in store for them in terms of love, career and money this month? According to Horoscope.com, Virgos are being given “some interesting thoughts” about the future of their love life. The experts said: “Love is in the air and your words, as Mercury enters sweet Pisces on Wednesday. “With your ruling planet in your partnership zone for the next two weeks, it’s an ideal time to build lasting relationships based on empathy and compassion. “With plenty of opportunities for business collaborations, rental agreements, and creative partnerships, make sure you read the fine print before signing anything. “While your head is in the clouds, Vesta brings you back down to earth when the asteroid enters Aquarius and your habit zone on Thursday.” Virgos are advised to “stay committed” to health by “trying a new fitness workout even if it’s a little unusual”. As for the weekend, “spend Sunday partnering up with your better half when the sun conjoins Neptune in Pisces”. The astrologers added: “Virgo, whether you’re taking your romantic relationship to the next level or starting a creative collaboration, it’s an ideal day to make your dreams come true.” For any Virgo wondering which star sign they are most compatible with, Scorpios, Capricorns, Aries, Taurus and Cancer all make good love matches with a Virgo.