This weekend the holy month of Ramadan will begin for 2022, with hundreds of millions of Muslims expected to observe the Islamic festival. Ramadan lasts between 29 and 30 days and provides Muslims with an opportunity to develop a level of empathy with people who are suffering in the world.  The crescent Moon hasn't been sighted yet, however, Saudi Arabia's Supreme Court has called on all Muslims to sight the Moon on Friday night. If the Moon is sighted on Friday, Ramadan would begin on Saturday, April 2. However, if no one spots the crescent Moon on Friday, Ramadan could begin a day later on Sunday, April 3. The sighting of the crescent moon is important as it signals that Ramadan will begin the following day. Every year, Saudi Arabia’s moon sighting committee, made up of astronomers, court officials, and experts from the country’s Islamic authorities, gathers after sunset on the 29th day of Sha’ban - the eighth month of the Islamic calendar - to look for the new crescent moon. Saudi Arabia is considered the heartland of Islam and is home to Makkah (also known as Mecca), the holiest city in the religion. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less  Not only was Makkah the birthplace of Prophet Mohammad, but it’s also the location where he had his first revelation of the Quran. For this reason, many countries follow Saudi Arabia's announcement and moon sighting, especially those with a Muslim minority. On Thursday, the country’s state news agency, SPA, reported that the Saudi Supreme Court had called on all Muslims throughout the Kingdom to sight the crescent moon. Whoever sights the crescent moon by naked eyes or through binoculars is then to report to the nearest court and register their testimony.  Ramadan is the ninth month of the Islamic calendar and marks the period where the Quran was first revealed to Prophet Muhammad by God. Throughout the month Muslims, who are able to, are asked to abstain from food and drink from dawn until dusk. Although, children, pregnant women, elderly people and those who are ill or travelling don't have to fast. DON'T MISS: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]Severe concerns over car tax changes as drivers warned of road pricing [EXPLAINED]RAF Red Arrows SAVED: BAE systems awarded mega deal [NEWS]  Fasting at Ramadan is one of the five pillars of Islam - the fundamental rules that all Muslims follow. The remaining four include the Shahadah (declaration of faith), Salat (prayer), Zakat (charity) and the Hajj pilgrimage. Muslims believe Ramadan teaches a number of values, including selflessness, generosity and self-control. The month also presents them with an opportunity to reflect on their life to this point and what their purpose going forward will be.  Upon the conclusion of Ramadan, a celebration is held which is known as Eid Al-Fitr. Deriving from the Arabic term for “feast of breaking the fast”, Eid Al-Fitr traditionally takes the form of large gatherings. The celebrations involve food, particularly sweets, which are shared out alongside prayer and stalls of various goods. 