On Friday, Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab appeared on BBC Breakfast to discuss the latest on the Ukraine crisis with hosts Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt. According to Ukraine authorities, Russian forces have now seized the largest nuclear plant in Europe. As Munchetty probed Raab about the steps the UK was taking to cut off Putin's allies in the West, Raab lost patience as he felt he as unable to answer properly. Discussing how many Russian sanctions were made by the UK government, Raab claimed there had been “100 entities” so far, which was more than the EU. Munchetty pressed: "You say the UK has sanctioned more businesses than the EU, the EU has sanctioned more Russians, individual Russians in the UK. “So in that sense, the UK is lagging behind. “Do you know how many more oligarchs or prominent Russians associated with President Putin have been sanctioned by the EU compared to the UK?” READ MORE:Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' Raab began to reply: "I think it's a false distinction you're making at least to some degree Naga, because the question is not whether it's individuals or companies, it is where the money is. flowing.: Munchetty cut in: "It's also about an influence, isn't it?” Losing patience, Raab hit back: "But if you say let me finish, it's about the impact it has on them and on Putin." More to follow...  “We'll continue to look where we've got the evidence to tackle assets that are held under individual names, but actually even more important than that are the banks and all the businesses. “There's another aspect of this, which I'm looking at as a matter of urgency. "We'll be producing proposals very shortly, which as we've seen oligarchs with links to Putin coming into this country and suing under our libel laws. “Those who are shining a light, whether its authors or NGOs, shining a light on corruption and abuse.”   Raab went on to say: “It’s an abuse to our system and we are going to be putting forward proposals to deal with that. “It cannot be right that kleptocrats and those with links to Putin can silence those shining a light on those excesses." Munchetty asked: “Is our legal system robust enough to deal with sanctioning and prominent Russians if they come back with legal action?” “Yes it is," Raab responded. "But we can always look and make sure we reinforce it, and that’s why the Economic Crimes Bill on Monday will strengthen our powers.   “We’ve got one of the most robust regimes in the world, we’ve led the way on sanctions," Raab claimed. The UK is thought to be awash with Russian cash and other money from the former Soviet Union. That money has been buried in vast amounts of property, from office blocks to mega-mansions - and the true owners are hidden in a web of secretive shell companies. The Economic Crime Bill had been written to help stop this and was promised back in 2016. The bill had been shelved just a month ago following heavy criticism, however, since the invasion of Ukraine, the Government has prompted a U-turn. BBC Breakfast airs weekly on BBC iPlayer at 6am 