Xi Jinping is feeling the pressure over his close alliance with Vladimir Putin as the war in Ukraine continues to intensify. It is understood that China is slowly beginning to turn on Russia as Moscow suffers economic sanctions and diplomatic isolation from the West. Sky News Australia host Chris Smith told viewers that China "may not be so bonded to Vladimir Putin as we thought". This comes as even Beijing residents told Sky News this week that "Putin was the problem" despite Chinese state media largely still parroting Russian talking points. Mr Smith said: "This may be nothing. "But the Chinese Foreign Ministry has acknowledged that there is a war in Ukraine and expressed hopes that the fighting and the war will stop as soon as possible. “But how about they pick up the telephone to their new best friend in Moscow and tell him directly to stop killing innocent Ukrainians and stop the war." JUST IN: Russia 'doesn't understand trouble it's in' as Ukraine secures weapons He added: “We can only hope that China becomes the most unexpected saviour for the Ukrainian people. It could be a stretch." There have been multiple signs of a cooling in the relationship between Beijing and Moscow this week. It is thought that leaders in Beijing were taken aback by President Putin’s all-out invasion plan. Earlier this week, China acknowledged this week for the first time that a “war” is taking place in Ukraine. Beijing's first batch of humanitarian aid to Ukrainians suffering in the conflict arrived earlier today, with more on the way. This runs contrary to Russia, which has banned the use of the word war in the media to describe its invasion of Ukraine - instead calling it a "special military operation". China has also refused Moscow's request for aviation supplies as Beijing distances itself from Moscow. Russia's aviation sector has been drastically squeezed by Western sanctions, with one Russian official even warning that the sanctions had put the safety of passenger flights at risk. DON'T MISS: Huge Ukrainian protest erupts after Russian forces kidnap mayor [VIDEO]BBC's Robinson and Derbyshire slammed over giving Russians air time [REACTION]Brits are stepping up to help Ukrainians, so why not the government? [COMMENT] Evan Feigenbaum, a former US government official, said: “The more China leans to Moscow, the more it paints a target on its back for Washington and Brussels on the sanctions. "Obviously, facts on the ground in Ukraine flatly contradict anything the Chinese government would like to say about respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity.” President Xi this week called for China to reduce its dependence on foreign agricultural markets, including Russian wheat. China is also imposing currency controls to protect Beijing from Russia's economic sanctions.