Bridgerton season two was released last week on Netflix as it shifted the focus to the eldest sibling, Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey). Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, the actor behind the role opened up about filming the series, including an “embarrassing” moment on set when his trousers ripped. Jonathan was quizzed at the show’s press conference last week about behind the scenes moments. He shared one particularly embarrassing moment while filming the fencing scene in season two. As fans of the Netflix show will recall, in episode two, Anthony fences with his brothers, Colin (Luke Newton) and Benedict (Luke Thompson). The scene sees him fuming over his interactions with Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley).  However, it seems while filming the scene, he had an issue where his trousers split. Explaining what happened, Jonathan said: “The fencing sequence brought about its complications. “But the fencing outfits were quite tight in various places and we were wearing plimsolls on quite a dewy morning on grass. “Going in for my final lunge with Benedict, my crotch ripped and it was all on camera.”  The actor went on to admit how embarrassing he found the moment. He added: “It’s just in those moments where you suddenly realise that you’re being filmed by 400 cameras. “I sort of screamed, ‘This is so embarrassing.'” Luke Newton and Luke Thompson also reacted by laughing about the moment.  However, the actor was also quick to add that they would never complain about tight outfits amid the female actors wearing corsets. He said: "As men, we’re not going to complain about restrictive clothing when we’re sat with the women and their corsets.” Elsewhere at the press conference, Jonathan opened up about how he found filming the second season. He admitted that getting into character on the show left him feeling “isolated” from his fellow cast.  The actor said: “My experience of series two was that it was quite isolating. “I think both Kate and Anthony have this sort of weird thing where they exist for other people. “Their sense of boundaries is something that they really have to come to terms with. “Their isolation in their family means that when they meet, they have this sort of addictive quality to the time spent together." Bridgerton season 2 is available to watch in full on Netflix now. 