Despite leading European efforts for diplomacy with Russia’s Vladimir Putin, Emmanuel Macron has faced stern criticism for failing to boycott Russian markets. With a general election looming, the French President has been accused of playing politics and favouring profits while the people of Ukraine suffer, with calls for further action coming from the Ukrainian president himself in an emotional plea. Speaking via video link to the French National Assembly last week, Volodymyr Zelensky called for French businesses still operating in Russia to stop funding the “murder and rape of women and children”, referring to alleged atrocities committed by Russian forces in his wartorn country. French companies make up the largest foreign employers in Russia, with an estimated 160,000 workers. Across the board, all have been reportedly slower than their British or American counterparts in reducing their Russian exposure, with critics saying the French President’s laissez-faire approach was to blame. James Shields, professor of French politics at Warwick University, said the French government was worried that forcing companies to give up business in Russia risked feeding through into higher prices for consumers back home. And with an election coming up – in which Mr Macron is seeking re-election – this would not fare well for the President. Mr Shields told The Times: “France has left itself open to the charge of putting profits above principle and being hypocritical in its posture towards the Kremlin and that is a charge Macron does not want to see pressed too hard as he seeks re-election next month.” READ MORE: Data shows power of oligarchs with more money than Russia itself  When Mr Zelensky addressed the Assembly, he took aim at car producers Renault, food retailer Auchan and DIY giant Leroy Merlin. The President’s harsh words appear to have had some impact, with Renault now agreeing to suspend manufacturing in its Russia plant, which employs 45,000. But little else seems to have changed. The Mulliez family – owners of Leroy Merlin, Auchan and Decathlon – said it would be “unimaginable” to halt operations in the country. The family is believed to be worth around €24billion (£20billion).  Leroy Merlin continues to not only operate in Russia, but reportedly recently sought to capitalise on the crisis by writing to suppliers to solicit more products after a jump in sales caused by rivals pulling out. Decathlon has been accused of similar efforts to profit from sanctions imposed due to the war. Auchan, which has around 30,000 staff in Russia, said it planned to retain its presence in the region, with its CEO, Yves Claude, telling a French newspaper he feared the company risked losing assets or exposing local managers to potential legal troubles if it pulled out. He said: “The most important in our eyes is to maintain our employees and ensure our primary mission, which is to continue feeding the populations of these two countries.”  Elsewhere, food giant Danone, investment bank Société Générale and oil and gas giant TotalEnergies are among further French corporate giants continuing to operate in Russia. Last week, a full month after Russia invaded Ukraine, TotalEnergies said it would stop buying Russian oil by the end of the year, without committing to a full exit from the country. By contrast, it took the UK’s BP less than 72 hours to pull out after the invasion began, taking a financial hit of around £19billion. While Danone said it will not extract further profits from its Russian business, it has argued that it has a duty of care to customers and staff by continuing to produce dairy products and infant formula.  Responding to this, Bob Seely, the Conservative MP for the Isle of Wight, said: “There is a conversation to be had about whether it is right to target the entire nation rather than specific individuals... "But the idea that people are going to starve because they can’t have Danone products is nonsense.” And former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith blamed Mr Macron for the issues, saying: “At the very least, the French government should be telling companies that it recommends they don’t trade in Russia. It’s a breach of the spirit of the sanctions. “Macron is trying to have his Danone yoghurt and eat it.” 