Mother’s Day is fast approaching. Astrology expert Jessica Adams spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the ideal gift for each zodiac sign. “This action woman in your life would appreciate boxing classes in the park or Zoom yoga. For a mum who is less sporty and more spectator, “a mug with her favourite football team or Wimbledon champion could make her happy”. For those who want to splash out this Mother’s Day, a “scarlet Chanel lipstick is ideal” as “velvety red” is Aries’ colour. Jessica posed the question: “Taurus mothers are either shopaholics, conservationists, collectors, big charity fundraisers or second-hand roses. Which kind of Taurus mum do you know?” An “original” work of art, “likely to increase in value” may do the trick, as would “an Oxfam card which funds a large-scale project. This sign loves the good life, so give a Taurus mother a “gift voucher for a shop she loves where she can at least treat herself to some designer soap”. READ MORE: 25% off Mother's Day Flowers with next day delivery, bunches under £25 “A subscription to her favourite newspaper or magazine website is a good idea for Gemini,” claimed Jessica, as “these mothers like to be on top of the news”. “A Roberts radio in her favourite colour would be a luxurious Mother’s Day present for the same reason.” Yellow is Gemini’s power colour. “These are traditionally the most maternal of all mothers who express themselves by cooking, keeping a terrific family home and making sure everybody is well caredfor - and that includes the cat or dog.” A Cancer mum would like some “pretty cookware”, a vintage-style kettle, “beautiful tea-towels and gorgeous copper kitchen accessories.” For an experience gift, send your mum along to a cookery class so she can learn to cook her favourite cuisine. Like Leo Madonna, “she suits hats if she’s typical of her sign, so a beret from Dior or Maison Laulhère could be perfect.” “Hats, tiaras, pearls, earrings and necklaces light up a Leo in the mirror and it’s hard to go wrong with Asprey even if it’s a tiny piece you find second-hand. Penhaligon's fragrance is also one for a Leo mum – but “anything by royal appointment could work”. “The Virgo mother is always ahead on trend with the latest health and fitness innovations. “Wellness is even more important in 2022,” claimed Jessica, “so a HEPA air purifier will win approval” - they’re even used by the NHS. When she wants to unwind, the bathroom is her “favourite place” so kit it out with accessories such as a pink salt rock, luxury sponges or a Diptyque. “This mum is all about her husband or partner - your dad - and something that both can enjoy is a good idea.” The weather is already warming up, so “think about tickets for outdoor summer gatherings”, whether it’s a day festival, concert, or Shakespeare in the park. Pack them a picnic hamper from Fortnum & Mason too. Single Libran mums “might secretly love a dating website gift subscription” or “romantic novel” like Casablanca. “Scorpio is the sign to associate with finance, charity, business and property. “You won’t be buying her a Belgravia mansion, perhaps, but a serious leather notebook from Smythson could help her budget in style.” Failing this, “sensual” Scorpio would love a silk eye mask. Forget plane tickets: “this is the sign of the armchair traveller”. Jessica suggested: “A David Attenborough book or DVD box set will help her travel in the mind’ – better yet if you can watch it together. “Glamping getaways around the U.K. are ideal, and a gift voucher for a night or two in the great outdoors will go a very long way for this mum.” Whether she’s a “super mum” or “corporate success story”, Capricorn never fails to impress at what they do. “Books or magazine subscriptions which relate to her chosen field are a safe bet - especially biographies of self-made women like Chanel or Anita Roddick, founder of The Body Shop.” Capricorn mum isn’t someone who tends to put their feet up often, so “a week of home-delivered gourmet food could be very welcome”. “This is the sign of friendship and people power within a group. “If she is not already a member of, say, a club, team or association then she might enjoy a year at The Outdoor Swimming Society or with the National Trust.” The chance to meet new people always appeals to sociable Aquarius, so signing her up to a ballroom class or volunteer organisation may be just what she needs this Mother’s Day. Not one for small talk or superficial presents, “the total escapist Pisces loves to get away from it all with spirituality, religion, hypnosis, dreams, Tarot and the mysteries of life”. “A miniature Buddha or rosary may appeal or a giant designer candle from Cire Trudon, or Incense from France or Japan is a luxurious treat, too: try Astier de Villatte.” One of Paul McKenna’s bestselling hypnotist books or “deck of oracle cards” is the perfect gift for a mum who “likes alternatives”.