Eddie Boxshall has penned a heartfelt tribute to his ex-fiancee Denise Van Outen on Instagram following their split. Marking International Women’s Day, Eddie praised Denise’s drive and determination after they called off their engagement earlier this year.  Posting a stunning photo of Denise, Eddie wrote: “Regardless of us sadly going our separate ways I have to acknowledge that in our wonderful 7 and a half year relationship I witnessed the hardest working and most driven woman in her business and amazing mummy to Betsy #neverstops #upmostrespect.” He then added the hashtag #InternationalWomensDay, an occasion many celebrities are taking to social media to celebrate today. Eddie and Denise first met in 2014 after going on a blind date which had been set up by a mutual friend. The pair regularly appeared on Celebrity Gogglebox and were praised by viewers for their chemistry and banter. READ MORE: ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence  In a recent interview before their split, Denise said she was in no rush to marry Eddie after their long-term engagement.  But weeks later, Denise confirmed on her Instagram that they had gone their separate ways. "Over the past couple of months, there has been much speculation regarding my relationship with Eddie,” she wrote. "It saddens me to confirm that we are no longer a couple. I had to make the difficult decision not to continue in our relationship. I will always treasure the good times we spent together, and the memories made. DON'T MISS... Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[NEWS]  "We ask that you please respect our privacy at this time, especially for our children." The theatre star has 11-year-old daughter Betsy with her ex Lee Mead, while Eddie has two grown up children from a previous relationship. According to The Sun, a source claimed their split happened after he allegedly had phone sex and dates with other women. They said: “It’s the very last thing she expected to happen. She thought this was forever — but while she has been out at work he’s been sat in her home betraying her trust.” Another insider allegedly said Denise is "furiously angry and utterly heartbroken". Eddie revealed on social media that he had lost a stone in weight since the split, citing "stress and anxiety". “I never got much sleep last night as brain was working overtime with life in general," he said. "Felt sluggish and c**p this morning, but told myself to get up and at ’em."