We awoke on Thursday morning to find that the unthinkable had happened. The feeling was sickeningly familiar. We were propelled to the moment two years earlier when we realised we were in the throes of a pandemic - and the fear was identical. We had no idea of the potential outcome so couldn't self-soothe. Instantly we remembered the question from 2020: "What are we going to tell the children?" We worried as we struggled to construct palatable reasons as to why there wouldn't be any school or birthday parties, but there would be scary masks and the redraw scrubbing of little hands. This time, my family didn't have a chance to invent a plausible child-friendly explanation. Neroli, six, arrived home white-faced and trembling. Her classmate is from Ukraine. She was desperately worried about her family and friends. Zekey, eight, had spent breaktime with a pal who informed him we were about to be engulfed in the Third World War. Grandma Vanessa bought wallpaper featuring a gigantic world map for his room. Informed by this, he jumped off the school coach and asked my daughter: "If Russia has invaded Ukraine why did Belarus help them?" My phone rang. My daughter. This was an urgent "step up and earn your colours"' moment. "Please," she asked. "Calm down two very worried children." I suppose I might have invoked the power of President Biden, if I didn't know they'd seen him nodding off on the telly. I might have cited Boris Johnson and President Macron as Batman and Robin, but I didn't. I went directly to the Almighty. "The Lord will deliver us from evil," I assured her. Honestly, I'm not certain where the pronouncement came from. I must have drawn on centuries of rabbinical tradition. But it worked. They slept soundly. Alas, not so the Ukrainian children in shelters, on trains and listening in terror to gunfire and bombing. Vanessa on Instagram at @vanessafeltzofficial -------- Since when did "I fell in love" become the catch-all excuse for everything? Matt Hancock - why he keeps giving interviews is a mystery - has been telling a podcast that he resigned because he broke the social distancing guidelines he himself had imposed on the rest of us "because I fell in love with somebody". What on earth? Whatever happened to thoughts like these? "I'm married, I'm a father, I think I might be developing feelings for this woman, so I'm going to resign before they deepen." Or: "I love this woman but I would be breaking my marital vows if I pursue her, so I won't succumb." Or even: "It would be hypocritical, unprofessional and adulterous to give in to my urges, so I won't." Love doesn't conquer all. It isn't all you need. It is not and never has been a justification for amoral self-centred behaviour. -------- We need to hear more from Delia Smith. She doesn't give a proverbial. In one tirade she nuked TV icons The Great British Bake Off and MasterChef with gutsy gusto. She loathes both. Delia doesn't have much time for current cookery books either, saying pithily: "A lot of the new cookbooks seem rubbish." She's keen on red meat and Guinness as a pick-me up after hip surgery. She's considering spending all her money, or leaving it to The International Restaurant Committee. She's what self-help authors call "her own person" and we all need as much of don't-give-adamn Delia as we can get. -------- Oh, dear! Harry and Meghan. I mean, that's pretty much it, really. They've won an award. We should be thrilled for them. They are helping deserving causes. That's good. They adore each other. That's good. They stand in solidarity with the people of Ukraine. That's good. It's just that there's something so smug and self-congratulatory about the way they go about doing whatever it is they are doing it sticks in the craw. That's bad. -------- Houses, sofas and record collections must be replaced. Children's equanimity must be restored. Divorce veterans can, decades later, list their losses, emotional and physical, as well as all the expenses and penalties. Few of us, however, have sacrificed on the scale of Amazing Spaces host George Clarke who has had to fund his marriage split by selling the £40,000 observatory he built as a tribute to his late dad. George lost his father at the age of seven. The observatory took eight months of detailed craftsmanship to construct. What a sad postscript to a failed marriage. -------- We were raised to despise folk who dress up their dogs. We are supposed to think they are soppy anthropomorphic sentimentalists who mistake their pets for babies. We are meant to be briskly appalled. The cantankerous late dog trainer Barbara Woodhouse would have been absolutely horrified at such indulgent frippery. I've never done it. I don't have a dog. Yet I can't summon much indignation because this seems to me to be all about love. So if you must, make sure the outfit isn't uncomfortable. Establish that your cherished canine has the right kind of personality to carry off a harlequin outfit. Then tog up and care for your pet with all the affection and consideration your heart will hold. What, pray, can possibly be wrong with that?