Rachael, 44, is one of the guests on Channel 4’s ‘Sunday Brunch’ this morning. The weekly light entertainment show is presented by regular hosts Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer. The duo will get stuck into some delicious dishes as they chat with the ‘Hollington Drive’ star Rachael. The London-born actress, who is married to Elbow frontman Guy Garvey, appears in ‘Scandaltown’ at the Lyric Hammersmith Theatre next month. Joining her on ‘Sunday Brunch’ are fellow celebrity guests, Louise Redknapp, Claudia Jessie and Ricky Wilson. Meanwhile, music comes from Canadian rapper bbno$ (babynomoney), who performs live in the studio. As an actress, Rachael has followed in the footsteps of her late mother Dame Diana Rigg, who died from cancer in September 2020, aged 82. The Bond girl, who also starred in ‘Avengers’ and ‘Game of Thrones’ left her daughter £3million in her will, according to the Daily Mail. The paper reported in November that Rachael, as her only child, inherited a sizable chunk of her mother’s estate, which in total was valued at £3,368,886. JUST IN: BBC Charlie Stayt stops Ukraine interview midway as he takes high ground 'Ok fine' Her portion of her mother’s fortune was said to include properties in France and the US. In her will, Dame Diana was also said to have left a £5,000 gift to a beautician called Jessica from her local nail salon. She also gave some £280,500 to family and charities, including £50,000 for both Great Ormond Street Hospital and St Christopher's Hospice. Following the huge outpouring of grief for Dame Diana in the wake of her death, Rachael penned her own heartfelt tribute to her mother in a detailed article in October last year. In a piece for The Observer, the actress, who became her mother’s carer, discussed her incredible life and their “traumatic” time living together after her cancer diagnosis. Rachael described how she cared for her mother, doing her cooking, shopping, handling her medication and taking her to and from radiotherapy and chemotherapy. She recalled how her mother was hospitalised with a fractured lumbar, when she was told by a surgeon that the cancer had spread through her body. After her hospital stay, Dame Diana was initially reluctant to move in with her daughter. Rachael wrote: “She had to be persuaded. Not about the dying bit, she was resigned to that: ‘Oh but I’ve had such a life, Rachie!’ “She didn’t like the loss of independence, hated the thought of being a burden and flatly refused to use the doorbell that Guy had taped to her bedside table in case she needed help. “She also refused morphine as it dulled her brain.” ‘Sunday Brunch’ airs on Channel 4 this morning from ‘9:30am-12:30pm’.