Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Ben Habib delivered an open and frank verdict on how the Government has dealt with leaving the European Union. The former Brexit Party MEP also gave a damming report over the ongoing stalemate in Northern Ireland and suggested Brexit is operational in name only.  When asked to evaluate Brexit, Mr Habib said: “First we have yet to properly Brexit. “Brexit is the departure of the country from the EU as one United Kingdom. “The Prime Minister was elected on this promise but then broke it. “Northern Ireland has been left behind. “Unless and until Northern Ireland is freed from the EU we have not truly Brexited.”  Mr Habib was also highly critical of Britain’s continuing aligned approach to the EU. He said: “In most other respects the PM’s Brexit deal is BRINO. (Brexit In Name Only) “We have left the institutions of the EU but have stayed very closely aligned to it. “The PM promised we would take back control of our laws, our borders, our cash and our fish. “He has broken all these promises. “As a result of his Brexit deal we have entered into a level playing field with the EU on state aid, employment, competition and environmental law. “We are bound, for example, by his deal to Net Zero by 2050.”  READ MORE:Phasing out petrol and diesel is 'best approach' for net zero goals Last year, the Prime Minister set out his 10 point plan for a green industrial revolution, laying the foundations for a green economic recovery from the impact of COVID-19 with the UK at the forefront of the growing global green economy. This strategy builds on that approach to keep us on track for UK carbon budgets, our 2030 Nationally Determined Contribution, and net zero by 2050. The Government said it would include decarbonisation pathways to net zero by 2050, including illustrative scenarios policies and proposals to reduce emissions for each sector and cross-cutting action to support the transition  Speaking at the time of the initial deal, Environment Secretary George Eustice said: "We have now concluded negotiations with the EU, setting catch levels for 2022. "As an independent coastal State, we entered discussions representing the interests of the entire UK fishing industry and have secured certainty for the incoming year. "The balanced agreement made today provides a strong foundation as we seek to deliver more sustainable fisheries management, as set out in our landmark Fisheries Act."  Another Government official said: “Although there is a transition, at the end of the transition it returns to normal arrangements, and we have full control over our waters. "There’s a transition to that point and ideally we would’ve got out of it a bit faster, but where we’ve got to is acceptable and offers gains for the fisheries industry in the short run and a huge right to control everything and work within that after this five-and-a-half-year transition.” Number 10 did not wish to comment further when approached by Express.co.uk Mr Habib also suggested the Prime Minister had sold Britain short in certain areas of post-Brexit negotiations with Brussels. He said: “He has also given away billions in cash and handed over our fishing waters to the EU for as long as the deal subsists. “We remain on the hook for a joint and several guarantees of the European Investment Bank’s €500 billion in liabilities." He continued: “The detail of these commitments is lost on very nearly all Tory MPs and the public. “The point of Brexit was to ditch the anti-democratic hugely bureaucratic stifling EU. “We have not done that. “So we cannot deregulate as we should and we cannot cut taxes as we should.”  DON'T MISS:Putin humiliated as 300 troops 'hitchhike home' [REPORT]Fury erupts as Labour 'whinge' over partygate scandal [REVEAL]China and Russia set for key meeting [INSIGHT] The former MEP did speak of some advantages of leaving the EU. He said: “We have regained some freedoms and we seem to be benefitting greatly from those. Beating the EU to vaccines was one such obvious huge benefit. “The City is free from EU regulatory fetters and, we are told, it soon will benefit from deregulation. I hope that happens.” In a recent panel interview, Mr Johnson was asked by Treasury Committee chairman whether the UK was becoming a more “closed economy” due to Brexit and a failure to quickly secure a large number of major international trade deals.  The Prime Minister replied the UK was a “global trading nation”, adding: “I do want to see much more of an export drive. “There is no natural impediment to our exports, it is just will and energy and ambition.” Since Brexit, the UK has waived safety and security checks on all goods, and physical checks on food and plant arrivals. According to the Financial Times, Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg is said to have recommended checks due to come in on July 1 be postponed, given the war in Ukraine and the expanding cost of living crisis. 