Jonathan Bailey, who portrays Anthony Bridgerton in the regency Netflix drama, will be returning to screens in a matter of days for season two of Bridgerton. While the series is renowned for its elegant costumes and extravagant filming locations, it appears the actors are still prone to the occasional undignified moments. Ahead of the new season airing, Jonathan detailed a mortifying mishap he experienced during an on-screen tussle.  Bridgerton became a Netflix phenomenon in 2020, with 82 million accounts tuning into the title in the first four weeks it was available. While the first series focused on the passionate romance between Daphne Bridgerton (played by Phoebe Dynevor) and The Duke of Hastings (Regé-Jean Page), the second outing will centre around her brother Anthony Bridgerton's hunt to find a viscountess. Following his head rather than his heart, new debutante Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) catches Anthony's eye, after she and her family arrive in town from India. Anthony actor Jonathan opened up about the second season as well as a particularly embarrassing moment that was caught on camera during a recent Bridgerton press conference. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim?    The 33-year-old star explained: "As men, we’re not going to complain about restrictive clothing when we’re sat with the women and their corsets, but the fencing outfits were quite tight in various different places and we were wearing plimsolls on quite a dewy morning on the grass. "Going in for my final lunge with Benedict, my crotch ripped and it’s all on camera." He added: "It’s just in those moments where you suddenly realise you’re being filmed by four different cameras and I sort of screamed, 'This is just so embarrassing!'" Still, it seems the actor's character has more to worry about than cameras filming cringeworthy moments.  In the second series, Anthony finds himself in a love triangle with Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) and Edwina (Charithra Chandran). Viewers will have to wait to see who the character will choose as the season gets underway. Speaking about preparing for the role of Kate, Bridgerton newcomer Simone explained she had to learn to horse ride at the press conference. She recalled: “I’d only ridden once before with some friends in Wales.” DON'T MISS...What happened to Siena Rosso in Bridgerton? [EXPLAINER]Bridgerton's Eloise may not get her own series  [LATEST]Bridgerton star admits she's 'so grateful' for emotional storyline [UPDATE] The star revealed she took part in a riding boot camp to ensure she was ready to play her horse-loving character. “I like scary sports and, having high adrenaline, I love a challenge," Simone added. “My character Kate is a born rider – she has been riding since she was out of the womb, basically. “I had to learn so fast and the fear kicked me in the arse, ‘Even if you’re scared, you have to overcome this.'   “It was a big confidence-builder, and I really enjoyed it,” she confessed. Based on the books by Julia Quinn, Bridgerton follows the eight siblings of the Bridgerton family as they attempt to find love in England. In the second series Lady Danbury (Adjoa Andoh) takes in the Sharma family. Season one of Bridgerton is available on Netflix and season two drops on March 25.  