According to the RAC Foundation, current petrol prices stand at 165.89p per litre, while the average price for a litre of diesel is 177.34p. This is a staggering rise compared to March 2021 when petrol prices were just under 126p per litre, with diesel almost 50p cheaper at 128.66p per litre. The UK has seen five weeks of nearly continuous pump price rises, with all-time record prices being smashed almost every day. Luke Bosdet, fuel price spokesperson for the AA, said drivers were suffering the most as a result of the petrol and diesel prices. He added: “Drivers, already spooked by news of surging oil prices, then saw the forecourt price boards ticking upwards rapidly. “By early March, it was common to see those pump price rises going up in 2p or 3p leaps. READ MORE: Drivers choosing petrol over EVs could lose £5,000 “There wasn’t much holding back by the fuel stations then. “Now, with wholesale costs plunging, the retailers are in danger of looking like they are delaying some much-needed road fuel relief for their customers and the 13 million members of the AA champions. “Yesterday, MPs were told that the country is ‘heading to a de facto lockdown where parents can’t afford to take their kids to school, where workers can’t afford to commute by car and have to stay at home’. “The problem right now is that those families and other drivers have been locked out of price cuts, thanks to the road fuel trade refusing to pass on savings at the pump.” DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers risk jail and fines for Six Nations drink driving [WARNING]DVLA urge drivers to avoid car tax and driving licence scams [INSIGHT] According to a new fuel price prediction algorithm, petrol and diesel prices could continue to spike in price over the next few months. A 10-week forecast for petrol stands at 194.52p as a standard prediction, but could reach 205.43p per litre as an upper estimate. The data is based on weekly fuel price data from the Government and uses machine learning to predict future prices. Diesel could reach shocking levels by May, as fuelprediction.com estimates that in just 10 weeks, it could cost drivers 215.68p per litre at the standard prediction. The upper estimate would set motorists back a whopping 228.90p per litre. This would mean an average family-sized car with a 55-litre tank would cost almost £126. Robert Halfon MP appeared on BBC Breakfast this morning, and said that it was “absolutely vital” that the Government should cut fuel duty and VAT on fuel. He said it was “unsustainable” for drivers to be hit with a “triple-whammy” of costs from fuel, energy and household bills. Mr Bosdet also highlighted the need for the Government to get involved, saying: “If the fuel trade once again drags its feet in passing on savings at the pump, this time the Government may take notice. “The Chancellor might feel that a cut in fuel duty is likely to be lost in what should be a general fall in pump prices. “Anyway, with the fuel retailers’ knack of coming up with reasons to hang on to chunks of potential pump-price savings, there’s no guarantee that a reduction in fuel duty would be passed on in its entirety to struggling consumers. “Before the pandemic, you could be certain that the fiercely-competitive supermarkets would fall over each other to announce a price cut on fuel. But where are they these days?” Many are looking at Chancellor Rishi Sunak to ease pressure on UK drivers at a time when record household costs are affecting the nation. He is set to unveil his Budget at the Spring Statement on March 23, with Mr Sunak saying it was his “priority” to cut taxes.