Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Vast sums of money will be involved in some transactions. What makes this a case of concern is a feeling that someone is trying to buy other people's support. You are seriously wondering whether you want to be mixed up in such dodgy dealings. Taurus (Apr21/May21) A senior colleague will take a big interest in your work. Their helpfulness is appreciated but bit by bit they are building their influence over you and your team. Be careful when you accept any kind of help or support and be sure there are no strings attached. Gemini (May22/June21) Everything is going your way. It will feel good that the complications you had expected don't materialise. This should increase your optimism. Even so, don't let this make you careless. There's no need to take unnecessary risks when all looks so positive. Cancer (June22/July23) You are bound to feel nervous about a test, examination or interview. Do your utmost to hide personal fears from others or someone could pick up on your feelings and use this against you. Time alone will help you sort out your priorities. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Most ‘passionate’ sign urged to ‘hang back’ Leo (July24/Aug23) No matter how minutely documents are examined, the answers you are looking for cannot be found. Talking with a professional might lead you to the place which could hold details that up until now have been eluding you. Ailments relating to a past illness may reoccur. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Tension between you and a partner will have a lot to do with the amount one of you is putting into independent concerns. Either you want to share, have fun with your other half and enjoy their company or vice-versa.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Some good news to do with your job or a job you have recently applied for will change your future prospects. Everything is going well for you but don't rest on your laurels just yet. There is still preparation to be done so you feel ready to take up new opportunities. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) It is time to sever ties of the past that are keeping you stuck in an emotional, social or professionalrut. An incident early in the week will make you realise that to achieve your goals in life, you have to be prepared to make your own opportunities. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) A problem that holds you back will need to be approached from a different angle. Try looking at it in a more objective way. If you are prepared to listen, a senior colleague will do their best to explain procedures you don't understand. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Invitations to charity events and social get togethers are starting to pour in. Some of these may clash. You don't want to disappoint anyone but you can't attend them all. The answer could lie in combining some so everyone ends up happy. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Teaming up with like-minded people who understand you will make you confident results will be achieved. You know you will get help and support to make a success of this project. Sharing a mutual interest with a workmate could get you involved in new social circles. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20)