Industry regulator Ofgem confirmed earlier this year that it would be hiking its energy price cap by 54 percent as of April 1. This means that the average household energy bill in the UK will rise by £693 from £1,277 to £1,971, based on typical use. Experts are warning that prepayment customers will see their bills go up even higher by £708. Before this upcoming price hike, Martin Lewis is reminding customers to take a meter reading as soon as possible or at least by the end of the month. If someone does this, they will be able to go to their supplier and explain how much energy they have used before the price cap rise is implemented. Addressing the cost saving measure on The Martin Lewis Money Show Live last week, the financial expert said: “That way you draw a line in the sand that says to your energy firm, I've only used this amount at the cheaper rate. “Don't start charging me more on the higher rate and estimating I use some of it afterwards." READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim As well as reminding energy users of the very important data, Martin Lewis has advocated that some households could “stockpile” as a way of cutting down their bills. However, this method is only useful to those who are on older prepayment meters, who are more likely to experience a significant bill hike. For example if someone tops up their meter now, but only use this energy after the price cap changes, they will be charged for their gas and electricity at the rate that applied after they topped up. Rates will not be increased further until after the first time a household tops up their meter following the price cap hike. DON'T MISS  Despite this saving deal, households who have a smart prepayment meter will not be able to access this means of support. In the Money Tips newsletter from Money Saving Expert, Mr Lewis explained: “Many with older, non-smart meters on price-capped tariffs can legally 'stockpile' gas and electricity credit before prices shoot up. “If you can afford to, it could mean big savings.” On BBC Radio5 Live last week, he also gave crucial financial insight to those looking to save on their energy bill through stockpiling. Mr Lewis said: “If you are on a non-smart prepayment meter, which many people are, in almost all cases if you top-up more than you need before April 1 then you will continue on the pre-April prices. “Now I know that there are many people on prepay who live hand to mouth in a terrible situation and can’t afford to do that. “But, not everyone on pre-pay is. People are on prepay for a variety of situations. There are certainly many people on prepay who can afford to top-up a little bit more.” Furthermore, Martin is also calling on households to check how they can claim the £150 council tax rebate from April. The council tax rebate will be accessible to homes in council tax bands A, B, C or D in England and Wales. This represents around 80 percent of properties, however it does not include those who live in council tax bands E, F, G and H (or I as well, in Wales). The Martin Lewis Money Show Live is available to watch on the ITV Hub.