Netflix's historical series The Last Kingdom officially aired its finale episode, with its fifth season drawing the series to a close earlier this month. As a result, Stiorra star Ruby Harley reflected on filming the series and paid tribute to Alexander Dreymon,  After landing on the streaming platform in 2015, viewers have followed the adventure of Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) as he tried to reclaim what was rightly his. The series gained popularity, even among those who read the Bernard Cornwell novel series which the show was based on. With the fifth and final season available to stream, Ruby Hartley who played Stiorrra reflected on her time on set where she worked with Dreymon. The actor, who became the face of the series, extended his skills to behind the camera and directed the second episode. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret? Revealing what it was like working alongside Dreymon as a director, Hartley stated: “It was so good and I’m not even just saying that. “Alex as a person is very calm and kind and I think that really showed in the way he directed too. “Obviously, he’s an actor and he knows this show probably better than anyone else. So, the way he directed just felt so specifically spot-on for this. “But also it didn’t feel like it was the first time he was directing, I felt really safe with him and it was so easy to trust him and it was just brilliant She added: “To get to do scenes with him and then to be directed with him was amazing.” On-screen, Hartley worked closely with Dreymon as she played his character’s daughter with Gisela (Peri Baumeister). Throughout season five, fans watched as the two had a number of disagreements which were spurred from Uhtred's discovery in the season four finale. When the leader went to rescue his daughter who was being held captive by the new Dane leader Sigtryggr (Eysteinn Sigurðarson), Uhtred made a startling realisation. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? [THEORY]Death in Paradise’s Don Warrington speaks out on future of series [INSIGHT]Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? [INSIGHT] It was revealed Stiorra and Sigtryggr had fallen in love and she was set to become the new Queen of Eoforwick. Hartley wasn’t the only one to have kind things to say about Dreymon’s latest passion for directing. Mark Rowley who played Finan, also had nothing but compliments for the actor turned director, he shared: “Working with Alex as a director was just phenomenal. “It really was something great. He would give fantastic notes, he knows all the characters so well that he can give really accurate and subtle notes as well. “So, when you’re working with him, he’ll give you something and it’ll bring a different energy shift into the scene. “He would sometimes be doing a scene with you, and he would be thinking as the actor and the director at the same time.” Rowley continued: “He would have the monitor there, and he’s looking at the shot as well,” the actor remarked, “honestly, I think he’s some sort of robot, he is a superhuman and a fantastic guy.” The Last Kingdom is available on Netflix.