Kettles are getting more innovative and modern as time goes on since the first electric kettle was invented in 1891, but recent designs are using more energy than their predecessors. Kettles consume approximately 4.2 tWh of electricity every year in the UK, which makes sense seeing as we drink 165 million cups of tea a day - enough to fill about 20 Olympic swimming pools. So, how much does it cost every time we boil the kettle? On average, it costs about 21p to boil an electric kettle. If you’re boiling the kettle twice a day every day for a month, you’ll be spending around £12 a month. This is based on the assumption that it takes 4.5 minutes to boil a full two-litre kettle with a power rating of 3kW. The exact amount you’ll be paying depends on your kettle’s water capacity, power rating, how long it boils and how much a unit of electricity costs in your area, so it may be cheaper or more expensive than that. READ MORE -How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps It’s more expensive to boil a full kettle than a half-full kettle, because you’re using more energy to boil more water. If you’re boiling a full 3kW kettle, it could set you back about 42p each time, because you’re using about 0.225 KWh. To boil a full kettle of water once a day every day for a year, you’ll be spending about £30.74. If you boil a half-full kettle every day for a year, you’ll be spending £15.36 on average. To cut down costs, here are three things to save energy when making a brew. A staggering 11 percent of Brits have never cleaned their kettle. Limescale won’t harm your health but nobody wants to see white rock deposits floating around in their tea. Limescale is costing you more money because if these mineral deposits are blocking the heat elements, it’s using more energy to heat up the kettle and boil the water. You can use white vinegar or citric acid to descale your kettle. DON'T MISS...Energy bills: 'Simple' radiator trick to help save money on bills [INFORMER]Energy scam warning: Beware of Eon phishing email, warns Which? as pow [INSIGHT]Energy bills savings: The six easy steps to bleed a radiator [EXPLAINER] When you use more water than you need in a kettle, you’re wasting energy and money. If you have a kettle with a minimum fill line, pay attention to it. Kettles with measurements on the side are really useful too. If you can remember that the average mug holds around 250 to 350ml, you can do the maths and work out how much water you need to boil based on how many cups of tea you need.