Hugh Grant, 61, has been tipped to front Doctor Who when Jodie Whittaker leaves the BBC show this year. According to reports, showrunner Russell T Davies hopes Hugh will “bring a fresh feel” to the role as the sci-fi series celebrates its 60th anniversary. Hugh could regenerate as the Doctor when the show returns in 2023. An insider told The Mirror: “[Hugh] offers many attributes – great actor, British, award-winning, Hollywood A-lister and excellent at comedy. Conversations are in progress. “The vision is that the show can be a Marvel-like product, building franchises around the Doctor and other key characters in his many lives. “With the utmost respect to the BBC, in the past attempts like Torchwood were made on a very limited budget in locations around Wales. Now the world is Russell’s oyster.” READ MORE:'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation The Bridget Jones actor had been asked to take on the role when Russell first joined the team for Doctor Who’s reboot in 2005. The screenwriter told i News in 2018: “I literally offered him Doctor Who in 2004. “I told him that and he was like, ‘Really?!’ He knew nothing about that. “I love him. I think he’s one of Britain’s finest actors.” Hugh has previously spoken out about his regret at not accepting the job. He said in 2007, as reported by Daily Record: “I was offered the role of the Doctor a few years back and was highly flattered. "The danger with those things is that it's only when you see it on the screen that you think, 'Damn, that was good, why did I say no?'" Hugh also played a version of the Time Lord in a Comic Relief special in 1999. DON'T MISSChris Kamara addresses slurred speech on Soccer Saturday[LATEST]Jeremy Clarkson blames Putin's height as reason for invasion[INSIGHT]Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’[NEWS] Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Hugh. The BBC declined to comment. It comes after current Doctor, Jodie Whittaker, announced she was leaving the show in July last year. Her departure will play out in a six-part series and three special episodes set to air later this year. In a statement, Jodie said: “In 2017 I opened my glorious gift box of size 13 shoes. I could not have guessed the brilliant adventures, worlds and wonders I was to see in them. “My heart is so full of love for this show, for the team who make it, for the fans who watch it and for what it has brought to my life. "So here we are, weeks away from wrapping on the best job I have ever had. “I don’t think I’ll ever be able to express what this role has given me. I will carry the Doctor and the lessons I’ve learnt forever.”