Pensioners may be able to get financial support through Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance is a benefit paid to those who have a disability which means they need someone to help look after them. Claimants do not have to actually have someone caring for them in order to get Attendance Allowance. But if they do have a carer, their carer may be able to claim Carer’s Allowance. People should be aware that Attendance Allowance does not cover mobility needs. It is paid at two different weekly rates depending on the level of care someone requires. READ MORE: April's 13.25% National Insurance hike faces axe - 'Sunak must act NOW' Attendance Allowance is not a means-tested benefit, so the amount someone earns or how much they have in savings will not affect what they get. The lower rate of £60 is given to people who need frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night. The higher rate of £89.60 is paid to those who require help or supervision throughout both day and night, and people who are terminally ill. In addition to the weekly amount Attendance Allowance provides, it may also allow claimants to get extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction. DON'T MISSPIP claimants 'could lose Warm Home Discount in change to DWP rules' - 200,000 affected [ALERT]‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 [WARNING]Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [TAX] State pension age Britons can claim Attendance Allowance if the following apply: In addition, claimants must be in the UK when they claim, although there are some exceptions, such as for members of the armed forces and their family. Claimants also need to have been in the UK for at least two of the last three years. This does not apply to refugees or those with humanitarian protection status. Someone must be habitually resident in the UK, Ireland, Isle of Man or the Channel Islands to get Attendance Allowance. They must also not be subject to immigration control, unless they are a sponsored immigrant. Britons can use the Attendance Allowance claim form to apply by post. The form comes with notes which explain how to fill it in. The completed form should be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance A copy of the form can be requested by calling the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122.