It's been quite the start to 2022 for one of F1's rising stars, Lando Norris. The young British driver has committed his future to McLaren by signing a lucrative deal, tying himself to the team until the end of 2025 and making a major statement of ambition as he bids to challenge for the world title. Indeed, 2021 was a productive year for Norris, 22, after he was widely expected to play second fiddle to Daniel Ricciardo. However, he outperformed his teammate, notching 160 points, 45 more than the Australian, and finishing sixth in the drivers' standings. A maiden Grand Prix success alluded him though, despite notching his first pole position in Russia and then leading the race in the latter stages - before unexpected downpours scuppered his chances as he gambled on staying out on dry-weather tyres. New technical regulations, designed to make racing more competitive, could well ensure that Norris is challenging for victories more regularly in this campaign though - but it's not just his F1 career that looks in a good place. JUST IN: Haas announce Kevin Magnussen to replace Nikita Mazepin on multi-year contract  On January 4, after months of speculation, Norris took to Instagram to post confirmation that he was dating Portuguese model Luisinha Oliveira. He uploaded a picture of the couple kissing in the desert in Dubai, along with the caption, "My sunshine." His 4.9 million followers seemed delighted with the declaration, and although the Bristol-born man has not posted any further snaps of the pair since, their romance is still very much on. And Oliveira, also 22, has forged a career in her own right. The fashion model is currently managed by Central Models, according to her own Instagram bio. DON'T MISS:Russian giant Uralkali's furious response to Haas terminating deal as demands madeLewis Hamilton explains three elements he had his eye on in Max Verstappen spying missionNikita Mazepin fires shots at Mick Schumacher for his silence over Russian's Haas sacking Outside of her modelling career, she has quite the social media presence, boasting almost 80k followers on the latter platform and over 25k followers on TikTok. And via social media, she's made it clear that she enjoys traveling - something that may prove important if she's going to be involved with an F1 driver - and often updates followers on her trips and ventures. And her family are no strangers to the limelight either, given Oliveira is also the youngster sister of Portuguese actor Beatriz Barosa. According to newsunzip, the net worth of the Matosinhos based star is around £1.89 million.  So whether Norris can fulfil his potential on the track in 2021 remains to be seen, but he's certainly found happiness off it. It remains to be seen whether or not his new partner accompanies him to races, or if the young couple opt to keep much of their relationship private. Regardless, Norris and McLaren are currently some considerable distance away from Portugal as they prepare for three more days of pre-season testing in Bahrain.