With the new Highway Code rules introduced in January, drivers of larger vehicles like HGVs, buses and coaches have more responsibility on the roads than other motorists like motorcyclists and cyclists. McCarron Coates, a fleet transport insurance firm, is highlighting how HGV drivers directly impact the safety of other road users when overfilling their diesel tank. For a motorcyclist, riding over diesel provides the same lack of friction they would experience if riding over packed snow. The friction is particularly reduced when diesel is spilled on roundabouts, ramps and bends, precisely where diesel is likely to spill out of trucks with overfilled tanks. Diesel also impacts on normal braking distances. Paul Coates, director of McCarron Coates, warned that drivers could be held responsible for anyone who is injured or impacted by diesel spillage. READ MORE: What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway He added: “HGVs are now part of the commercial vehicle group deemed to have the highest degree of responsibility for other road users’ safety. “Diesel spillage is a direct way of undermining the safety of a key road user group – motorcyclists. “If you put the two factors together, it is everything that shouts liability claim. “We believe HGV drivers need to get their house in order fast.” DON'T MISSDrivers will have to pay £50 to park cars outside their home [SHOCKING]Drivers can’t stop in these common parking places without risking fine [WARNING]Thousands sign petition to block 'unacceptable' ULEZ expansion [INSIGHT] This would be down to the duty of care that HGV drivers have within regard to the new Highway Code advice. The penalties for spilling diesel have been in place for some time and the law states that liability in dealing with a road spillage lies with the person who allowed it to occur. Traditionally, this has been applied to the cost of a clean-up operation. Highways England have warned in the past few years that it can recover up to £70,000 of clean-up costs. In addition to this, a HGV operator could be found liable for damage to the environment with a diesel spill. Under environmental laws of 2009 and 2010, if diesel contaminates land or enters gullies, groundwater or water courses, drivers can be held liable. As a result of this, McCarron Coates are urging drivers to avoid overfilling, saying it is “relatively easy to do”. Most drivers should be briefed not to indulge in what is known as “brimming” or “necking”, which is part of standard company policy for HGV drivers. Drivers should also be instructed to oversee the full filling process, rather than leaving the tank to fill. They should also not try to override automatic nozzles which aim to prevent overspilling. Drivers should also now be more cautious than ever with diesel spills given the ever-increasing record fuel prices. According to the RAC Foundation, a litre of petrol now costs 158.2p per litre, while diesel drivers face a price of 165.24p per litre. This is almost 30p per litre more than fuel price levels last March.