Prince William and Kate Middleton have three children together; Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Over the years, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have revealed and displayed snippets of their parenting styles. Express.co.uk spoke to Tiffany Norris, founder of the UK’s first Mummy Concierge about the royal's interaction with their children. Tiffany, who has previously worked for the Royal Family also discussed how methods Kate’s of discipline are commonly found in most households and not just used for royals. Apparently, there is a chat sofa in the Cambridge household as opposted to a naughty step. Tiffany said: “A naughty step can be seen as a punishment whereas a ‘chat sofa’ gives a child the chance to explain why they did what they did and to talk it through. “Young children, in particular, are still learning about emotions and how to deal with them, so chatting to them about how they felt and why they felt like this (and what the consequences are can absolutely help a child understand why their behaviour might have been wrong.” READ MORE: ‘As goofy as ever!’ Prince Harry enjoys ‘banter’ in latest video  In terms of why talking calmly to a child works over shouting, the expert added: “Your child is more likely to listen if you walk calmly to them. “Even if there's a disagreement or you need to correct something your child is doing, a gentle voice, even if it's firm, is likely to get more of your child's attention and she'll be more likely to listen. “Children learn from our behaviour. “The best to get your little one to speak nicely to you is to speak nicely to them. “If you constantly criticise and shout then you might find your child mimics your behaviour.” Kate is regularly seen getting down to the child’s level to talk to them. DON'T MISS...Rebel Wilson weight loss: Exercise which saw star shed 5.5st [PICTURES]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPERT]White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [GUIDE] Tiffany commented: “Adults can see quite intimidating (especially to toddlers) because of their size. “Getting down to the same level makes them feel safe and less likely to react aggressively.” The expert also revealed how Kate and William instil confidence in their children when meeting new people. She said: “They have bought them up knowing how to look adults in the eye and to shake hands.” It comes after an insider spoke about the possible discipline methods used with the Cambridge children. When one of the Princes or the Princess misbehaves, they are “taken away from the scene…and talked to calmly by either Kate or William”. “Things are explained and consequences outlined and they never shout at them,” an unnamed source said. “They are very good at listening to the children but being firm.” As a result, the Cambridge children always behave “impeccably” during any visits. The insider added: “The family often dine there al fresco and use the club’s sporting and play facilities. “There is no tantrums or food throwing and the children eat what is set before them. “They queue up with the rest of the kids and parents in the Harness Room [Buckingham Palace] restaurant and ask for no special favours.” It is also said that Kate and William try to be “like normal parents” and “try to fit in”. “There’s never a shortage of friends around for tea. Kate and William insist on no special treatment for any of them,” the insider told The Sun. “George might be a future king but for now he’s just another little boy. “They are always at great pains to make sure the three of them have as normal a childhood as possible.”