As authorities scramble to contain the virus, the eastern side of Shanghai has been put under lockdown from Monday, March 28 to April 1, while the western side will be shut from April 1 to 5. The Huangpu River serves as the dividing point. The two-stage regime is part of an effort by officials to get the newest wave of the coronavirus under control. The city government said on its WeChat account: "The public is asked to support, understand and cooperate with the city's epidemic prevention and control work, and participate in nucleic acid testing in an orderly manner." The citywide lockdown will be China's most extensive since Wuhan confined its population of 11million to their homes for more than two months in 2020. China's "zero-Covid" strategy has been labelled as life-saving and credited with protecting the country's health system. UK Covid infections MAPPED: Omicron rates surge – Is your area a hotspots? However, recent figures — more than 56,000 confirmed cases were reported nationwide throughout March — call into question whether the approach is sustainable in the long run. Shanghai authorities have previously resisted a broad lockdown of the city to avoid further damaging its economy. Instead, they opted for a so-called "slicing and gridding" approach, which involves screening districts one by one. But residents have expressed frustration over seemingly endless cycles of testing, through which experts hope transmission chains can be broken. Some described the cost of "zero-Covid" as simply too high. Shanghai'smmunicipal health commission said on Sunday, March 27 more than 14 million residents have taken antigen tests. Only that day, 3,500 cases were detected. Just 50 were showing symptoms. The recent surge in cases in China, although alarming in the context of the country's ambition to completely erase the virus, is small compared to other nations. In the UK, around one in 16 people in private households in England — or 3.5 million people — are likely to have had Covid in the week to 19 March, according to the latest Office for National Statistics (ONS) data. This is up from one in 20, or 2.7 million people, in the previous week and is the third week in a row that cases are understood to have spiked. DON'T MISS'One in 15' infected with new Covid variant, says Dr Chris [WARNING]Covid hell as Scotland sees record number of patients in hospital [REPORT]Where free lateral flow tests are available right now [INSIGHT] See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest The ONS said the sharp rise in cases is due to the Omicron BA.2 strain, a more transmissible form of Omicron. New figures also show an average of 23,127 staff at NHS hospital trusts in England — 2 percent of the total workforce — were absent every day last week, either because they were ill with COVID-19 or self-isolating. The number of absences represents a growth of more than 30 percent week-on-week, the biggest increase since the year began. Meanwhile, Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi said some 200,000 children are off school in England because of the virus. It comes as the availability of free lateral flow tests (LFTs) ends this week in England – except for the over-75s and over-12s with weakened immune systems. From April 1, everyone else will have to buy the tests. Those attempting to stock up on free LFTs, are finding this message on the government's online ordering system: "Most tests are now needed for people at higher risk". According to Downing St, the decision is the result of vaccines and therapeutic treatments putting the country in "a vastly different position to where we were when we first started providing free testing" – a scheme costing No10 billions a month.