A sub-zero blast will sweep in from the Arctic through the next two days pushing temperatures in parts of Scotland to -11C but with parts of the south also facing a sub-zero freeze and the chance of snow. Bitter winds across northern regions will make it feel close to -13C while the rest of the country shivers in lows between freezing and -8C. Government forecasters have sounded the alarm for winter to ‘bite back’, warning Britons may ‘wake to snow’ on Thursday. A Sudden Stratospheric Warming (SSW) in the Arctic–similar to the driver of the 2018 mega-freeze–is likely to be the culprit. Met Office meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: “Now that we’ve all got used to some warm sunshine, winter bites back. “Air waiting to the north of the UK is air coming right down from the Arctic." “Wednesday and Thursday it sweeps across England and Wales and then by the end of the week we are all in the colder air." “With that colder air there will be a return to overnight frosts and in some places sleet and snow, even in the south.” Thermometers will plunge through the coming days before crashing to winter-like lows on Thursday, he said. A bitter north-easterly air feed will persist through the rest of the week before a chilly weekend, he added. He said: “The cold front will push over northern Scotland on Tuesday, and it will feel much colder with sleet, snow and hail showers for Sheltand. “There is the potential in the south-east for some rain or snow, mainly over high ground but not exclusively. “Don’t be surprised if you awake to snow on Thursday. “It may lie on the ground but not for long because of the warm weather we have had, and it is going to feel very cold in the wind.” It could be the first widespread winter deluge this late in the season since the historic freeze of 2018 which kept the nation on iceinto March. The notorious Beast from the East was driven by rapidly rising temperatures in the Arctic stratosphere. A similar warming pattern noticed earlier this year has now been confirmed prompting meteorologists to draw a link with upcoming cold weather. Meteorologist Marco Petagna said: “Nothing's guaranteed, but it does appear that … the recent sudden stratospheric warming could be aiding high pressure blocking over Greenland, helping sweep much colder air/more unsettled weather across UK this week.” Freezing weather will grip Britain through the rest of the week and into the weekend, forecasters warn. The nation is braced for what is shaping up to be one of the most savage spring cold snaps ‘for several years’. Exacta Weather forecaster James Madden said: “Throughout Wednesday and into Thursday we could see a wintry shower popping up anywhere in the country. “The rest of the week will remain cool with frosts and continuing snow showers in northern and eastern areas. “We are looking at one of the more potent wintry blasts we have seen in a spring period over the past several years.”  Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, added: “The cold air is going to move in gradually before a plunge from the north-east after mid-week. “There is a significant risk of snow in parts of the country.” Weather models reveal the entire country at risk of snow through the end of this week with further showers likely into April. ‘Feel-like’ temperature charts–which predict face-level wind-chill temperatures–predict lows of -13C in Scotland, between -2C and -8C across northern Britain and around zero elsewhere.