Citric acid naturally occurs in lemon juice and it is antibacterial, antiseptic and acts as a natural bleach for cleaning. Squeezing your own lemon juice is time-consuming, so using powdered citric acid is cheaper, quicker and much more effective because you need less of it than you do lemon juice to achieve the same results. However, due to its acidic nature, it can end up damaging some materials. Citric Acid can be used as a substitute for white vinegar in most cleaning tasks. Powdered citric acid is a cheap and cheerful cleaning product that can be used for a whole range of things. It kills bacteria, mould and mildew, and is great at removing soap scum, limescale, hard water deposits, rust and other nasty stains. However baking soda is not an all-purpose cleaner for all surfaces, and any using it should be wary of some effects it can have. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home Cleaning experts at Purdy and Figg have explained the benefits of cleaning with citric acid. They said: “Citric acid is one of our hero ingredients for natural cleaning here at Purdy & Figg. “It has a long history of being used in natural cleaning, in fact, citric acid was the Ancient Egyptians' equivalent of Cilit Bang or Cif, but without the harsh chemicals and single-use plastic bottles. “It's widely used as an alternative to bleach when you want to whiten and disinfect. “As a natural cleaning ingredient, it really comes into its own in contact with bicarbonate of soda and water, where its fizzing action makes it a powerful cleaning agent. DON'T MISS: Amner Hall: Will & Kate's 'modern family home' with £1.5m renovations [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT] “Although harder to get hold of in significant quantities and a little more expensive than our other hero products, this is a fantastic ingredient when you need something stronger than lemons or baking soda.” Despite its amazing qualities, the cleaning experts noted a few things citric acid shouldn’t be used to clean. Delicate surfaces include marble or stone worktops. While some may advise using citric acid, cleaning experts caution against using it on marble or stone due to its corrosive properties. Instead, try and find specialist marble cleaners to ensure it stays looking its best for as long as possible. If you have used citric acid on marble surfaces and find there is damage, you can look for a filler that hides minor imperfections and then reapply the sealer. Although citric acid is highly effective at removing stains, it can actually remove the top coating of wooden flooring and furniture. The cleaning experts said: “The acid can break down the coating and leave a cloudy appearance. “Avoid using this on your wood floors or furniture if they have any kind of wax or sealer on it as the acid can break down the coating and leave a cloudy appearance.”  Many boast of the shine citric acid can give silverware, however, you should be cautious. Some experts advise against using citric acid on antique silver as the corrosive nature of it can ruin the finish. The cleaning experts advised Britons to not expect immediate results. They said: “Natural cleaning remedies are best as prevention as opposed to a cure - use them little and often. “As with white vinegar, citric acid is a fantastic alternative, but it doesn't always work immediately, and may require patience and elbow grease.”  