Victoria Azarenka has been branded "disrespectful" after leaving court just 45 minutes into match with teenager Linda Fruhvirtova at the Miami Open. The world No 16 was trailing 6-3 6-0 before being heard to ask her coach “why am I here?” then bizarrely heading for the locker rooms. The Belarusian player didn't appear to be injured, and ignored pleas from the umpire to remain at her seat while a trainer was called. Instead she slung her bag over the shoulder, shook hands with the official and walked off while a confused Fruhvirtova tried to fathom what was going on. It tainted what should have been a landmark day for the 16-year-old, who is yet to play a Grand Slam and is ranked as the world 279. Having already beaten Belgium's Elise Mertens in three sets en route to the third round, she'll now face fifth seed Paula Badosa for a place in the last eight. Two-time Australian Open winner Azarenka, 32, has since released statement clarifying her actions, saying: I shouldn't have gone on the court today. The last few weeks have been extremely stressful in my personal life. The last match took so much out of me, but I wanted to play in front of a great audience as they helped me pull through my first match. JUST IN: Ex-tennis pro Stakhovsky wields machine gun as he paints harrowing picture of Ukraine war "I wanted to go out there and try, but it was a mistake." Azarenka added she would now be taking a break from the sport and would "learn from this." However, her explanation hasn't washed with former profesionnal player turned pundit Daniela Hantuchova. “The most disrespectful thing about this is how she walked off the court without really giving a reason [for retiring],” she told givemesport.com. “I think the WTA will really have to look into this. This one for me is really bizarre and really disrespectful to the crowd, to the umpire and most importantly to Linda.” DON'T MISS:'Put that drink down' Serena Williams’ reacts after Will Smith hits Chris Rock at OscarsAlexander Zverev's ominous Miami Open message as Cam Norrie looks to face GermanNovak Djokovic backed to stun Rafael Nadal again at French Open as Serb 'the favourite' Despite the underwhelming conclusion, Fruhvirtova herself told reporters the victory would linger long in the memory. “I saw it wasn’t her best tennis but of course I didn’t want it to end this way,” she said. “Vika is one of the players I grew up watching and she is definitely the one to look up to. I hope that she feels better as soon as possible. I don’t think I’ve ever played in such a big stadium and these are the memories I’m going to remember forever.”