It’s hard to believe Mad Max: Fury Road was released in cinemas seven years ago. The 2015 action flick blew audiences away for its over-the-top destruction, impressive practical filmmaking and a return to that full-throttle 80s testosterone that was missing from the Hollywood blockbuster for so long. In the fourth instalment of the franchise, Tom Hardy took over the central role, joined by newcomer Furiosa played by Charlize Theron. Now she is getting a spin-off, though the star is not returning for the solo outing. Instead, Anya Taylor-Joy will be driving the War Rig across the nuclear-blasted dunes of future Australia. The star has exploded in popularity over the last few years, with some of her key performances including Netflix’s The Queen’s Gambit, The Witch, Last Night in Soho and the BBC’s Peaky Blinders.  The new film is a prequel, set to take play around 10 to 15 years before the events of Fury Road. This would explain Furiosa being recast. Now, the thrilling new film has found its villain.   That’s right, the Hollywood hunk and consistently comedic leading man is putting down Thor’s hammer and picking up a V8 steering wheel. READ MORE: Elvis and Lisa Marie’s bedrooms: Fun memories upstairs at Graceland According to SlashFilm, producer/first assistant director P. J. Voeten, said: “George [Miller] saw Chris [Hemsworth] initially as a courtesy and then fell in love with the idea. He's going to play totally against type, the lead baddie. Unfortunately, we've got to find all of our other characters that aren't around anymore: a new Immortan, a new Bullet Farmer, and a few others.”  His statement confirms Hemsworth isn’t taking on the role of the utterly intimidating and completely grotesque Immortan Joe (the villain of Fury Road). The part was originally commanded by Hugh Keays-Byrne, but he tragically died in 2020.  Keays-Byrne also played the villain in the original 1979 Mad Max, Toecutter, making him an iconic staple of one of cinema's greatest action series of all time.  It leaves the question open for who Hemsworth could be playing, but Fury Road may provide an answer. During the events of the movie, in one of the brief breaks from the vehicular onslaught, it is revealed Furiosa’s original home, the “Green Place,” is gone. Now only ruin and corpses remain as the sands have taken back one of the world's last few oases.    However, before this happened, a young Furiosa was taken from her beloved paradise and forced to work for Immortan Joe. It is never revealed who exactly took her, when, or why, as she is nothing like any of the other slaves in Joe’s twisted regime. DON'T MISS...Doctor Strange 2: Marvel star confirms cameo in multiverse movie [INSIGHT]Y 1883: Sam Elliott’s furious rant at Oscar nominee [EXPLAINER]Steve McQueen branded 'chicken s**t' over jealousy with Paul Newman [INSIGHT] The answer is likely waiting for audiences in the new movie, and Hemsworth could be set to play his most out of type role yet.  Meanwhile, for fans hoping to see the return of Tom Hardy’s Max, it is unlikely he will make an appearance in the prequel. However, there is more from him on the horizon.  Mad Max: The Wasteland has been in early development since the 2015 smash hit. George Miller is returning to direct, as he is for Furiosa. If the new spin-off proves to be a success, then it is likely it will be pedal to the metal for The Road Warrior’s return to insanity.