Japanese knotweed is an invasive weed that can cause widespread damage to everything from gardens, building structures and concrete. New research by financial services comparison site GoCompare has revealed that almost half of potential buyers would be deterred from buying a property with Japanese knotweed. However, shockingly, less than a third of people are confident they would know how to identify the plant. Reports suggest that the number of Japanese knotweed cases in the UK has increased by a whopping 28 percent in the past five years which means it’s more important than ever for Britons to know how to spot the plant. The first signs of the plant include red shoots and rolled leaves. The stems shoot up quickly and turn into green bamboo-like stems. In recent years the plant has begun to appear earlier than usual which could be down to climate change. One study by the University of Cambridge has found that the plants are flowering around one month earlier, on average. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  By June, Japanese knotweed can end up being around three metres high. The plant has heart-shaped leaves and white flowers once it’s mature. The flowers bloom in clusters in the late summer. One of the reasons Japanese knotweed is so invasive is down to its rhizome root system. DON'T MISSCleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home [INSIGHT]Huge mistake people make when painting walls and how to avoid it [UPDATE]DIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [ANALYSIS] The perennial invasive species’ roots and rhizomes can grow to a depth of two metes. Japanese Knotweed has no natural enemies in the UK to prevent it from growing, however, in Asia, where it originates, the plant is controlled by fungus and insects. The plant can also have an impact on mortgage lending and home insurance, according to GoCompare’s Home Insurance expert, Hannah Isitt. She said it’s “no surprise” so many people are “wary” of the plant. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea She continued: “The plant’s speedy growth can cause a whole host of problems, from damaging tarmac, paving, and drains, to making the walls of your home unstable. “The presence of Japanese knotweed can also mean your mortgage application is denied – even if the plant is thought to have been destroyed. “Although it usually flourishes in early spring, there are reports that climate change is starting to affect the growth of knotweed, enabling the plant to emerge earlier in the year due to warmer springs – which means people need to start looking out for it in the next couple of months.” Home insurance also has to be considered when it comes to Japanese knotweed, with some home insurance policies excluding Japanese knotweed claims.  The expert at GoCompare have advised homeowners who are concerned about it to speak to a specialist broker to find out more about Japanese knotweed indemnity insurance. Ms Isitt added: “If Japanese knotweed hasn’t been discovered at the property before, this type of insurance may provide protection against future infestation of the plant, and can include cover for the costs of a specialist survey and treatment. “Finally, our advice if you are worried about Japanese knotweed is always to seek advice from a specialist.”