Moscow sanctioned 13 US officials in total, banning them from entering Russia in a reciprocal move following a similar move against Russian officials from Washington. However, White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki, who was among those sanctioned, pointed out that the Kremlin had mistakenly sanctioned President Biden’s later father after they removed the “junior” suffix from his name.  She said: “President Biden is a 'junior' so they may have sanctioned his Dad, may he rest in peace. “None of us are planning tourist trips to Russia, none of us have bank accounts that we won't be able to access, so we will forge ahead.” The current US president's full name is Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. President Biden’s son Hunter, Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin were also among those sanctioned.  According to a statement from the Russian Foreign Ministry, the sanctions were the result of a “Russophobic” policy followed by the Biden Administration. They said: “It is the consequence of the extremely Russophobic policy pursued by the current US administration.” Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine last month, the Biden Administration has banned Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov from the USA. They have also imposed a series of economic sanctions that have effectively left Russia cut off from the outside world. READ MORE:Putin on alert as Royal Navy warship joins NATO fleet Russia also put a number of top US officials on its "stop list" including America's top general, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Mark Milley, National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan, and CIA Director William Burns. The Canadian Prime Minister has also been added to the list and sanctioned. The Russian Foreign Ministry also said it would announce additional sanctions against “Russophobic” US lawmakers, businessmen and celebrities. Moscow did not specify the nature of the sanctions which it labelled “personal sanctions” and a “stop list”. DON'T MISS:  Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals [REVEAL] Putin will be 'UNDERMINED' as 'money talks' on oil and gas [INSIGHT] 'Russia on run!' Putin's given just TEN days to survive [SPOTLIGHT] It also insisted that they would be based on the “principle of reciprocity”.