ITV’s adaptation of The Ipcress File premieres this evening (Sunday, March 6) at 9pm. The drama takes its cue from Len Deighton’s 1962 book The Ipcress File as well as the 1965 film starring Sir Michael Caine. Express.co.uk looks at the unmissable new drama including episode count, cast and plot. The Ipcress File is a twisty Cold War tale set in 1963 and follows soldier and black market hustler Harry Palmer (played by Joe Cole). Harry is enlisted into a British intelligence agency to work as a spy after his dodgy dealings in West Berlin catch up with him. Harry’s first assignment the Ipcress File sees him going undercover and delving into the suspected kidnapping of a British nuclear scientist. He will be working under boss Major William Dalby (Tom Hollander) and the fiercely smart intelligence operator Jean Courtney (Lucy Boynton). He will also be working alongside CIA agent Paul Maddox (Ashley Thomas) in a mission taking him from Britain to Europe and the Middle East as well as a nuclear island in the Pacific Ocean. READ MORE: Is Ipcress Files' Lucy Boynton married to Rami Malek? There are a total of six episodes in The Ipcress File, airing weekly on ITV on Sundays at 9pm. Each instalments will be available to watch on catch up via streaming and video-on-demand platform the ITV Hub. ITV’s premiere couldn’t be more timely as the latest chapter in the Cold War unfolds in real time. The mini series was penned by John Hodge and directed by James Watkins with the screenwriter taking inspiration from both the novel and the movie. Parallels between the political climate between 2022 and 1963 are likely to hang heavy in the air with the threat of nuclear war looming. Hodge said of 1963: “It’s an era when the threat of nuclear annihilation was hanging over us. For the first time in human history there was a realistic possibility we would destroy ourselves.” Despite comparisons to James Bond and the espionage thrillers by esteemed author John Le Carré, Hodge described Harry as the “anti-Bond”. Hodge said of his research process: “I spent a lot of time watching old bits of newsreel, documentaries, stuff like that. Books I’ve read or reread in relation to the era, nuclear technology and all that kind of thing. “You have to learn it slightly and then translate it onto the page. Plus researching military history, the history of Russian intelligence organisations, etc.” “You have to do all that but then in the end what it comes down to is characters on the screen. That’s what all dramas eventually come down to. It’s like getting the set dressing correct. It’s all very important and if you neglect it then someone will notice. But if you get it right no one notices.” The Ipcress File was filmed during lockdown in Liverpool, Cheshire and Croatia with the country doubling up for various locations in the show. Peaky Blinders star Cole has taken on the unenviable task of stepping in Sir Michael’s shoes, however, he said he initially didn’t plan to watch The Ipcress File film. Cole said: “But then when I got up to Liverpool to start shooting, I thought, ‘Maybe I better check this out.’ “So I watched it. I appreciated it for what it is and what it was, but my Harry is something a little bit different.” On the character, Cole explained: “The glasses were massive in getting into the character of Harry Palmer. I remember going into Cutler and Gross in Knightsbridge. I tried on every pair in the shop and there was only one pair that worked. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant? [THEORY]The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone [INTERIVEW]Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon's £30 earrings make huge profit [VIDEO] “As soon as I put them on, I said, ‘These are the ones.’ Then our costume designer Keith Madden turned up and he said, ‘Yeah, they’re the ones.’ “It was great because glasses are tricky to get right - they have to really suit your face. I think we got it right. They really suit this character and my face. “Originally we were looking at the same ones that Michael Caine wore back in the day. And they just did not work.” The Ipcress File is the first in a series of Harry Palmer novels by Deighton - although the protagonist is nameless in the books. Depending on the direction of the ITV series and the audience figures, there could be sequels to The Ipcress File. The Ipcress File airs on ITV tonight at 9pm