The Chase star Shaun Wallace, 61, offered some kind words to Anne Hegerty's replacement Issa Schultz, 38, who took the reins on the ITV spin-off show Beat The Chasers. It comes after The Governess was forced to miss filming. The former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! star had to swerve filming alongside her fellow Chasers Mark Labbett, Jenny Ryan, Paul Sinha, Darragh Ennis, and Shaun as she took to Twitter to reveal who would be replacing her. She announced that quiz champion Issa will join the regular Chasers to take on their opponents. Taking to Twitter yesterday, Shaun - otherwise known as The Dark Destroyer - bid farewell to the quizzer as they wrapped up filming the show. It comes after he shared a selfie of the duo on March 18 on the micro-blogging site. READ MORE: Nick Knowles' brutal dig at Max Verstappen after F1 'tantrum' He simply captioned the post: "The Dark Destroyer @Issa25 #BeatTheChasers." Following the post, Shaun thanked Issa for stepping in for Anne on the ITV programme. He penned: "The Super Nerd was just super! Issa it was an absolute pleasure to work with you again. I hope that will happen sooner rather than later." Issa replied: "So awesome sitting alongside you good sir! Your knowledge is sensational and you made me feel right at home. Looking forward to next time."  Viewers flocked to comment on the post, as Twitter user Bethany Lawson wrote: "Issa and Shaun on the same team I'm so excited I can't cope." Beki Michael Myers wrote: "Thank you so much Shaun for looking after @Issa25 for us!" Mac asked: "Where was Anne?" The Governess took to Twitter and explained her show absence as after being hit with Covid. DON'T MISS... Rachel Zegler 'to cheer West Side Story from couch' after Oscars snub[LATEST]Dan Walker reaches out to Chris Kamara as he breaks silence on health[HEALTH]Linda Nolan talks milestone she hopes to be around amid cancer battle[UPDATE] She wrote: "Unfortunately I’ve contracted Covid-19 so won’t be filming this series of #BeatTheChasers. "The fantastic @Issa25 will be stepping in for me and I’m looking forward to watching the series when it’s on air later this year. I feel fine, but I'm still positive! (in all respects)". Issa is an Australian quiz show champion and TV personality. He is best known Down Under for his regular appearances on Australia’s version of The Chase, which airs on the Seven network, where he made his debut in 2015. An eight-time winner of the Australian Quizzing Championships and a seven-time Pairs champion, Issa came 23rd in the 2020 World Quizzing Championships. Other TV shows he has featured on include the Australian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? British Chasers Mark "The Beast" and Anne are regulars on the Australian version of the show. The Chase airs weekdays on ITV at 5pm.