Express.co.uk is asking readers if they would offer a room to Ukrainian refugees fleeing Vladimir Putin's invasion under the new scheme. Vote in our poll below and let us know more in the comments section. Our poll comes as the Government has announced the Homes for Ukraine scheme, to be rolled out this week. It will allow individuals, charities, community groups and businesses to bring people fleeing the war to safety - even if they have no ties to the UK. Sponsors can nominate a named Ukrainian individual or family to stay with them in their home, or offer a separate property for them to use rent-free. As a "thank you", sponsors will receive payments of £350 per month. CAN'T SEE THE POLL BELOW? CLICK HERE People sponsoring refugees through the new uncapped route will be required to commit to the scheme for a minimum of six months, but are encouraged to keep up the offer for as long as they can. Those offering accommodation will be vetted and Ukrainian applicants will undergo security checks. Michael Gove said the UK "stands behind Ukraine in their darkest hour". The Levelling Up, Housing and Communities Secretary urged people to "join the national effort" to help refugees fleeing Russia's attack. READ MORE: Warning Putin will invade EU cities if Ukraine falls  Mr Gove said: "The crisis in Ukraine has sent shock waves across the world as hundreds of thousands of innocent people have been forced to flee their homes, leaving everything they know and love behind. "The UK stands behind Ukraine in their darkest hour and the British public understand the need to get as many people to safety as quickly as we can. "I urge people across the country to join the national effort and offer support to our Ukrainian friends. Together we can give a safe home to those who so desperately need it." DON'T MISSConservative MP says 'embarrassing' government need to help Ukraine [ANALYSIS]Sky's Sophy Ridge tears Gove apart over Johnson plans for Russia [INSIGHT]BBC Breakfast guest trying to help Ukrainian family in tears [VIDEO] Ukrainians who have sponsors will be granted three years' leave to remain in the UK, with entitlement to work and access to public services. Asked today if he would take in a Ukrainian refugee, Mr Gove said: "Yes." He told the BBC's Sunday Morning programme: "I'm exploring what I can do, I know that there are others who have. Without going into my personal circumstances, there are a couple of things I need to sort out - but yes." Meanwhile, Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has also put himself forward to take in a Ukrainian refugee. He told The Times: "If necessary (I would), as many people would... I think we're a very welcoming nation." The new scheme comes as the Government has faced criticism over its efforts to bring Ukrainian refugees to the UK as millions flee Moscow's invasion. 