  Rock sensation Sir Rod Stewart clearly had enough of the potholes near his Essex home, as he decided to fill them in himself over the weekend. But while the council thanked Sir Rod for his “community spirit”, they warned that these actions could “put people at risk”.      Essex council criticised Sir Rod, 77, after he took it upon himself to fill the annoying potholes down his road since "nobody else could be bothered". After the star’s road repairs over the weekend, Essex County Council is now urging people not to conduct their own DIY roadworks. The warning comes after a video clip of Sir Rod Stewart went viral, where he could be seen fixing potholes with some pals. Deciding to take matters into his own hands, the musician gathered a bunch of his friends to work on the uneven road. READ MORE: Bill Bailey admits he was forced to do Strictly due to money woes     Sir Rod claimed that Sheering Lower Road, which is close to his 46-acre Durrington House estate, is covered in potholes. The singer noted that his Ferrari was unable to get through due to the damage and a number of residents were also reportedly unable to drive down the road. He insisted he was carrying out the repair work himself because "nobody else could be bothered to do it". But Essex County Council, which is responsible for the maintenance and repair of Essex roads, said citizens could be “at risk” if they tried to fix the roads themselves.     They stated that safety measures should be adhered to, as well as "proper" traffic management. However, they added that they "appreciated" Sir Rod's "commitment and community spirit". An Essex Highways spokesperson said: “While we would like to prioritise repairs to every road, the scale of our network – over 5,000 miles – means this is impossible and we have to focus on repairing defects likely to be most detrimental to the safety of our road users. “While we appreciate Sir Rod’s commitment and community spirit, we discourage anyone from carrying out work on the roads themselves. READ MORE... Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? [INSIGHT] Alex Scott goes underwear-free in risque gown with thigh-high split [NEWS] Hannah Waddingham puts on eye-popping display at Critics Choice Awards [NEWS]      "Without proper traffic management and other specific safety measures, residents are putting themselves and others at risk.” Over the weekend, Sir Rod posted a video of his team’s efforts online to Twitter and Instagram. He wrote: “Working for a living, filling holes is good for the soul.” The clip showed the rocker wearing a hi-vis vest alongside his mates, who could be seen getting to work with shovels and rakes.      On Instagram, the post received almost 90,000 likes and close to 5,000 comments. Chris de Giorgio-Miller wrote: “Legend Rod! That road is a nightmare!!! Appreciate it.” Nadene Bundock commented: “Well said. I live in Harlow and the roads are getting a joke with the amount of holes.” Melissa Kraus added: “And I thought my town was bad filling potholes! Good for you!” (sic)   