Fans of cleaning pro Mrs Hinch have revealed their hacks once again for everyday stains. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity on social media after she started sharing her cleaning expertise. The cleaning expert now has over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has even authored several books. Fans of the cleaning aficionado have even set up their own cleaning groups on social media dedicated to sharing cleaning advice. On one such group with over 630,000 members, Facebook user Katie Hilton asked how to remove blood from an item of clothing. She asked: “How do I get blood out of a white jumper? Help please!” Katie’s post had over 130 comments from fellow Mrs Hinch fans. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes The most common response was to use cold water and salt, but not hot water. Lisa Allan said: “Salt and water rub it in and let it soak for a bit then put through normal wash.” Anne Marie McDowell replied: “Cold water and rub it till it fades. “Let it soak for a bit in cold water then put it through a wash.” DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fan shares 88p method to clean dusty skirting boards [INSIGHT]Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [UPDATE]Property: Most ‘underestimated’ feature to add £27,000 to house value [ANALYSIS] Linda Smith commented: “Steep in COLD water and salt, don’t use hot water on blood, it will seal it in.” Michele Greenaway Murphy replied: “Cold water, pour on salt, rub, rinse and repeat - works a treat.” Shelley Fox said: “Cold water and salt. “Salt lifts the iron out of the blood.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Jenny Poole suggested: “I use cold water and salt rub salt into it.” Zoe Gray commented: “Soak in cold water with some salt mixed in.” Sam Tomkins wrote: “Cold water and salt, leave to soak and change water as necessary.” Waitrose Essential Table Salt can be purchased for 55p. Morrisons Table Salt can be bought for 29p. Cook With M&S Table Salt is available to buy from Ocado for 25p. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using washing up liquid, milk and Elbow Grease. Catherine Lunney said: “I’d rub it with Fairy washing up liquid and throw it in the washing machine.   “Hope you get it back to being wearable.” Lauraa Brown replied: “Soak it in milk then wash with Vanish and hopefully it should come out. “That's how I get blood out of stuff.” Allison Wilson wrote: “I’ve just taken blood out of my grandson’s school jumper from a week ago. “I used a combination of washing powder and Fairy washing up liquid while giving it a scrub with my hands. Then put it in a normal wash.” Sammy Dodson suggested: “Spray plenty of Elbow Grease on it, and sprinkle salt on the stains. “Leave it to soak in for 10 minutes then wash as normal on a 30C.”