Manchester United have been handed a boost in their attempts to sign Robert Lewandowski after Barcelona's 'reservations' over a move emerged. The Red Devils are targeting a new striker in the summer transfer window, with Edinson Cavani expected to leave Old Trafford at the end of his contract. Lewandowski has emerged as a possible option with his future at Bayern Munich uncertain beyond next summer. The Poland captain has become arguably the world's best striker since arriving at the Allianz Arena. He broke Gerd Muller's record for most goals in a single Bundesliga season by hitting the back of the net 41 times last term. He has continued that rich vein of form this campaign and is currently the German top-flight's highest scorer. But there is serious doubt that he will remain in the Bundesliga beyond the end of next season, when his contract at Bayern expires. The reigning German champions are yet to enter discussions with their star striker over a new deal, prompting talk he could depart within the next year. READ MORE: Man Utd transfer target Lewandowski warned his behaviour is 'annoying' At the front of the queue of interested clubs was thought to be Barcelona, who are in the market for a new superstar. According to Mundo Deportivo, the La Liga giants have already received an offer to take Lewandowski off of Bayern's hands. But it is stated that he is not 'at the top' of their shortlist for a new striker, with Erling Haaland and Mohamed Salah the two players Barca will look to target instead. According to the report, Barca have no concerns over his ability to score goals, but his age is proving to be the 'main handicap'. DON'T MISS: Man Utd warned Robert Lewandowski transfer hopes rest on Tottenham (INSIGHT)Mauricio Pochettino's comments on Robert Lewandowski amid Man Utd link (NEWS)Man Utd 'ready to make first offer' for Robert Lewandowski (TRANSFERS) Lewandowski will turn 34 in August, which 'works against' Barca's interest, with the Polish international approaching the end of his career. Other obstacles to a deal are the high fee that Bayern will surely demand, despite only a year to go on his contract, and the 'considerable' salary demands Lewandowski will have. These 'reservations' will be welcome news at United, who are also eyeing a move for the Bayern star. Lewandowski is among their list of targets and seeing Barca drop out of the race would clear the way for the Red Devils to bring him to Old Trafford.