The eight generals reportedly fired by the Russian premiers were unable to "complete the task" of claiming Kyiv in a matter of days, a Ukrainian insider revealed yesterday. Ukraine's security council chief, Oleksiy Danilov, said Mr Putin would be left trying to retool his strategy as his "shock and awe" efforts have failed. As the generals depart Russia's military ranks, they leave an already weakened and demoralised army that has suffered significant and unexpected losses. Russia's generals, whether eliminated by Ukrainian forces or fired by Putin, are a limited aspect of the country's fighting force. While responsible for helping direct the conflict and tens to hundreds of thousands of soldiers, they have several figures above them. Boots on the ground in Ukraine will include those with all manner of military rankings. READ MORE: Behind mysterious woman spreading Putin's lies in propaganda war Historically secretive, Russia does not make figures concerning its armed forces and navy makeup public knowledge. But that doesn't mean western nations haven't tried to analyse the country's capabilities. In 2020, the US Army Training and Doctrine Command (TRADOC) composed a document that provided an in-depth overview of the Russian military command structure. Officials disclosed a military structure split between "Conscript and Contract Servicemen" and "Officer" ranks. Russian soldiers progress through the initial rungs of the country's army via the following ranks (from lowest to highest): Private Private First Class Junior Sergeant Sergeant Senior Sergeant Starshina Warrant Officer Senior Warrant Officer The Officer ranks, like other armed forces, include the most capable soldiers, who progress through the following positions (from lowest to highest): Junior Lieutenant Lieutenant Senior Lieutenant Capitan Major Lieutenant Colonel Colonel Major General Lieutenant General Colonel-General General of the Army Marshal of the Russian Federation Like militaries in other nations, most Russian soldiers serve with ground forces, known locally as Sukhoputniye Voyska. Soldiers will have different responsibilities inside many possible units, from tank to engineering corps. At the very top of Russia's military command chain is the Commander-In-Chief appointed directly by Putin. Army General Oleg Salyukov presently holds the position and has done since 2014.