Catherine Tyldesley, 38, has been married to Tom Pitfield since 2016, and Catherine is currently pregnant with their second child. The former Coronation Street actress has opened up in an Instagram video about how upset her husband was after she revealed that she invites him along to watch her film sex scenes. Catherine recently admitted that she invites Tom along to watch whenever she films a sex scene, so he can offer advice. She grills him on his opinion as well as which angles he thinks are the most flattering. Catherine also wants him to come along to see how "clinical" it all is, so he doesn't get jealous. However, she later joked about how upset Tom was after she told the world about the very private relationship matter. READ MORE: Shirley MacLaine's boast of bedding two Prime Ministers The actress took to Instagram yesterday to share a video explaining the situation. She said in view of her 645,000 followers: "Tom didn't want to get up with me. "He's fuming. I'm fuming, he doesn't know what he's missing! Party for one." Catherine dished the dirt about their relationship as she spoke on the Hot Mess Mums club podcast. She said: "Most of my relationships before Tom, well in fact, all of them, ended because of my job. "They didn’t get it, the jealousy. But Tom is so chilled. "I remember the night before rehearsals for my sex scenes, and I said, 'Babe, if I straddle like this, does my bum look really bad? Have I got cauliflower a**?'" She continued: "He's been there on set when I’ve had to snog other actors. But I think that’s good. DON'T MISS... Chris Evans details 'bump in the road' as he shares family rule [COMMENT] Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [BREAKING] Andrea McLean forced to sell house 'before it became an issue' [INSIGHT] "Tom being there means he can see how clinical it is - and not remotely sexy." The couple currently share their son Alfie, seven, and are expecting their daughter very soon. Catherine announced her pregnancy in October after previously opening about her struggle with fertility. Revealing the news on her Instagram, she wrote: "I can’t tell you how utterly blessed we feel right now. "We are so happy to announce that @tompitfieldphotography, Alfie and I are expecting a baby. "It’s been tough keeping this a secret let me tell you!!" Catherine played Eva Price in Coronation Street from 2011 to 2018. Most recently she starred in the ITV series Viewpoint as Kate Tuckman.