Fancy a new iPad? Well, Apple may have just what you are looking for with the US technology giant revealing a fully rebooted iPad Air at its "Peek performance" keynote in California. This looks like a pretty mighty upgrade from the US technology firm with this new tablet getting its power from the hugely impressive M1 processor. That's the same brains that now feature in the premium iPad Pro and new MacBooks. Apple is boasting that this new chip will make the iPad Air 60 per cent faster than before and let's face it, the previous Air was no slouch. With the M1 chip inside, the Air should be a very capable device that won't struggle with any of your daily digital needs. Along with the quicker chip, this new Air also gets full access to 5G data speeds which means owners will be able to download movies and files at over 300Mbps when away from their fixed-line broadband. Other bonus extras coming to this tablet include an improved rear camera and a new front-facing snapper that now gets access to Apple's clever Centre Stage technology. This allows the camera to follow you around the room when making FaceTime calls so you always stay in shot. For those who like scribbling on the 10.9-inch Liquid Retina Display screen, there's full compatibility with the latest Apple Pencil and it can be snapped inside Apple's Magic Keyboard case to help transform it into a mini laptop. There's also stereo speakers, Touch ID fingerprint scanner, faster data transfers thanks to a new USB-C port and it has Wi-Fi 6 technology inside for speedy downloads from your home broadband. “Whether it’s a college student taking elaborate notes, a content creator working on their latest project, or a gamer playing graphics-intensive titles, users love iPad Air for its amazing performance and versatility in such a portable design,” said Greg Joswiak, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “With the breakthrough M1 chip, Ultra Wide front camera with Centre Stage, and ultra-fast 5G, iPad Air is now more powerful, more capable, and simply more fun than ever.” The new iPad Air will be available to pre-order in a number of colours from Friday, March 11 with prices starting from £569.