Social media sites are often great places to get interior and DIY tips, especially if you’re renovating on a budget. One DIY trend that has recently taken the social media platform TikTok by storm is painting fridge. In fact, the latest Google search data indicated that searches for “matte black fridges” are up by 21 percent in the last year. Black paint trends have also increased by 85 percent on Pinterest. For those looking to add a splash of colour, or a touch of the gothic to their kitchens, painting the fridge might just be the best way to do it. Michael Rolland, interiors expert and managing director of The Paint Shed said painting large kitchen appliances is a “fantastic way” to upgrade an old kitchen appliance or change one to suit a new aesthetic. He added: “In a ‘cottagecore’ kitchen for example, an existing silver fridge may not quite fit in with the new look. READ MORE: 'Now is the perfect time' to sow popular flower - 'really great' “It is important, however, to make sure that the surface on the appliance, which is usually a high sheen, is prepped correctly and the appropriate paint is chosen.” Mark Smithson, CEO of nationwide electrical appliance experts, Marks Electrical, said “there’s no reason why” homeowners can’t upgrade their appliances without spending hundreds on something new. He said: “We are of course big fans of customers getting the most out of their appliances and giving them a new lease of life if they’re not in the position to purchase something new. “There’s no reason why savvy ‘DIYers’ can’t upgrade their appliances without having to spend money on something new and this trend is only good news for increasing the lifespan of kitchen appliances.” DON'T MISS‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fan shares 99p ‘game-changing’ tip to clean toilet brushes [ANALYSIS] The electrical expert has shared his top tips for painting a fridge at home: The first thing DIYers need to do is remove the handles and put them to one side. Next, unplug the fridge and pull it out into the middle of the room so it’s easier to work with. Fridges keep to the temperature once unplugged for about four hours, while freezers last around 48 hours so the doors need to be kept closed. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If the appliance contains food, it may be worth painting in stages. Most fridges have a sheen to them so will need sanding down for the paint to grip onto. Sand over the fridge with a 120-grit sandpaper and give it a thorough clean to remove any stains, grease or grime. The fridge should be left to air dry. Using a towel will leave lint on the surface of the fridge so should be avoided. Next, it’s time to prime the fridge using a magnetic primer.  The fridge is likely to need two coats at least, or until it’s well-covered. Ensure the room is well-ventilated when doing this. The Paint Shed recommended using Zinsser 123 primer as this will help the paint adhere to the surface better. Paint the fridge in two coats using chalkboard paint. Between the two coats, spray the handles in a colour of your choosing. The spraying needs to be done outside due to the fumes. Once painted and the handles are dry, the fridge can be reassembled. The fridge should have a matte finish without any gaps or marks. Plug the fridge back in and slide it back into position.