Spain and Morocco moved to patch up a diplomatic dispute on Friday as Madrid shifted closer towards Rabat's position on the conflict in Western Sahara and said "a new phase in relations" had begun. The move came as Morocco seeks to strengthen international recognition for its sovereignty over Western Sahara, and as Spain aims to end a dispute with Rabat that briefly led to an influx of migrants last year. Spain said in a statement that relations with Morocco would be "based on mutual respect, the completion of agreements, the absence of unilateral actions and the permanent transparency of communication". Morocco said it had received a letter from Spain supporting its plan for autonomy in Western Sahara, a territory Rabat regards as its own but in which the Algerian-backed Polisario Front independence movement wants to create a sovereign state. According to the royal palace in Rabat, the letter said: "Spain considers the autonomy initiative presented by Morocco in 2007, as the most serious, realistic and credible basis for settling the dispute." Spanish Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Albares later repeated the statement at a news conference. Near neighbours separated by the narrow Strait of Gibraltar, Morocco and Spain have significant trade with each other and have worked together on issues including migration, militancy and energy. However, they had disagreed over Western Sahara, where Spain was the colonial power until the 1970s, over the two Spanish enclaves in North Africa and sometimes over handling migration. In April last year, Morocco was angered after Spain admitted a Western Sahara independence leader for medical treatment using Algerian documents, saying it had not been informed. Rabat then appeared to relax border controls with Ceuta, a Spanish enclave in northern Morocco, leading to an influx of at least 8,000 migrants, most of whom were later returned. However, Spain's policy shift may cause internal political difficulties for the government as the junior coalition partner voiced discomfort with the move, saying it reaffirmed a commitment "to the defence of the Sahrawi people". Spain also relies on the supply of gas from Algeria, the main supporter of the Polisario. READ MORE: Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' In late 2020 the Polisario said it was resuming an armed struggle after a ceasefire that had lasted since 1990, though there has been no sign of serious fighting. "Spain has succumbed to Moroccan blackmail and pressure," the Polisario delegate in Spain Abdulah Arabi said in an interview on Friday with the Europa Press news agency. On Saturday, Algeria summoned its ambassador to Spain back for consultations. "The Algerian authorities were very surprised by the surprising statements of the highest authorities in Spain on the issue of Western Sahara," it said. Spain said on Saturday the government had informed Algeria about its position "in relation to Western Sahara", a government source told Reuters. "For Spain, Algeria is a strategic, priority and reliable partner with whom we intend to maintain a privileged relationship," the source added. DON'T MISS:Kremlin officials circle Putin as coup reports build [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as hardman Chechen special forces go home [VIDEO]'Brexit La La Land' Former Finnish PM in stunning attack against UK [ANALYSIS] "For Spain, Algeria is a strategic, priority and reliable partner with whom we intend to maintain a privileged relationship," the source added. Algeria is also a key gas supplier to Italy. Spain's new position towards the Western Sahara is an "unexpected" shift from its previous neutral stance, which was supportive of a United Nations plan that includes a self determination referendum, an Algerian diplomatic source said. "This is a betrayal of the Sahrawi people," the Algerian source added. On Monday, the European Commission backed Spain's new position on the fate of Western Sahara as an autonomous region of Morocco. Nabila Massrali, a spokeswoman for EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell, said: “The European Union welcomes any positive development...between its member states and Morocco in their bilateral relations, which can only be beneficial for the implementation of the Euro-Moroccan partnership.”