Aunt Polly Gray (played by Helen McCrory) was revealed to have been one of the casualties of Tommy Shelby’s (Cillian Murphy) failed assassination plot against Sir Oswald Mosley (Sam Clafin) in the Peaky Blinders season six opener. However, actress Charlene McKenna, who plays IRA commander Laura McKee, also known as Captain Swing, has opened up on Polly being originally written into the sixth season. The final season began production before March 2020 but filming had to be stopped due to the Covid pandemic. When production resumed, Helen was unable to rejoin her co-stars as she privately battled breast cancer. In April 2021, the actress who was married to Damian Lewis, tragically died. Before season six landed on BBC One, showrunner Steven Knight confirmed Polly would not be present in the final season and viewers subsequently discovered how the matriarch had been written out of the show. Read more: Peaky Blinders: Where is Linda Shelby? Will she be in season 6? Opening up on her co-star, IRA commander star Charlene explained the script was rewritten after Helen fell ill. She said: “By the time we came to shooting, I only had the version [of the script] that was without Helen because she was ill at that stage. “I know that they had another version that we didn't get, had it gone the way we wished it had with her in it. “But we never got to see it. I mean, it's [creator Steven Knight], so it would have been wonderful." Season six’s first episode explained to viewers that the IRA was responsible for Polly’s death as they needed to keep Oswald alive. In a poignant scene, the Shelby family reunited to pay their final respects to the matriarch. Polly’s body burned on a pyre while housed in a Romani wagon. There was total silence during the two-minute scene except for the sound of the burning fire. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders season 6: Duke Shelby to replace Tommy? [THEORY]'BBC sort it out!’ Peaky Blinders fans fume over technical glitches [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders boss slaps down season 6 backlash  [INTERVIEW] Addressing the scene, Charlene told Tyla: “It's so difficult to write a character out who is so amazing and loved, as well as the public knowing that the actor has passed away. “It's difficult enough just to kill off a great character without adding the extra layer of how you deal with the sadness and sensitivity of the real and the fictional. “As a fan, not [even] as a person in the show, I really thought it was really beautiful. “If you analyse what [director Anthony Byrne] did, the screen time is like two minutes' silence. “It's a lovely dedication because two minutes is a lot of screen time." Peaky Blinders fans will know Tommy has faced even more tragedy in the final season after the death of his daughter Ruby Shelby (Orla McDonagh). The young girl died after contracting Tuberculosis and Tommy later discovered he had Tuberculoma which is caused by the same bacteria as TB. Tommy’s growth was found in his brain stem and was revealed to be inoperable meaning the gang leader has 18 months to live. Peaky Blinders continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.