The state pension is relied upon by many older individuals as a key source of income in retirement. However, some have hit back at the level of financial support available, particularly after years of National Insurance contributions. A new Parliament petition has urged Mr Sunak to “increase the state pension to £19,760 per year”. The petition has called upon the Government to raise the state pension to match the yearly equivalent of the National Living Wage (NLW). It explained the National Living Wage is rising to £9.50 per hour. This is the equivalent of £19,760 a year for those who work full time for 40 hours per week. READ MORE: Pension Credit opens up host of other ‘freebies’ The full state pension is less than this, at £9,339 annually for the new scheme. Those on the older, basic state pension scheme can expect less, as the full sum is worth approximately £7,155 per year. The petition takes issue with this disparity, calling for more support for state pensioners. It believes a £380 per week state pension will provide sufficient support for pensioners. DON'T MISSState pensioners fail to claim £1,900 retirement boost - act now [INSIGHT]State pension warning: Will you miss out on the full sum? [EXPLAINED]Pension warning as Britons ‘dragged’ into 55% 'stealth' tax [ANALYSIS] The petition asserts: “The state pension is not enough to live on. “All people regardless of standing are supposed to be looked on as equal - this is clearly not the case. “Most people have paid into the state pension through National Insurance contributions during their working life. “Most pensioners live active lives and have to pay the same bills as others. “They have to find money but are expected to do it on less than half the income of those on the National Living Wage. “This is unacceptable. Level up and treat everyone the same, this is the right thing to do.” The petition has garnered 121 signatures at the time of writing, which means it is a long way from what is needed for a Government response. The Parliament website states 10,000 signatures are needed for the Government to reply. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Furthermore, if a petition gets 100,000 signatures, it will be considered for debate in Parliament. All petitions run for six months, and the deadline for this one is August 25, 2022. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We are committed to ensuring that older people are able to live with the dignity and respect they deserve. “From April, the full yearly amount of the basic state pension will be over £2,300 higher than in 2010 and we continue to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim.”