Bridgerton season two arrives on Netflix on March 25 and Lady Whistledown's (voiced by Julie Andrews) 'dearest gentle readers' are all ears. During the new social season, Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) turns his attention towards a new love interest. He has been keen to pursue Siena Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett) but she left him high and dry. The second outing of the steamy period drama turns the spotlight on a different Bridgerton sibling. Viscount Anthony makes it his mission to find a partner who, like him, requires a no-strings-attached relationship. He finds what he is looking for in the form of the Sharmas, who had travelled from India for the social season. A love triangle ensues between himself, Kate (Simone Ashley) and her younger sister Edwina (Charithra Chandran). Still, Anthony cannot help but remember the intimate moments he shared with Siena in season one. READ MORE: Bridgerton's Eloise may not get her own series Siena was an opera singer who had been having an affair with Anthony. She wanted everything he had, including his social status as it tore him apart from her on a number of occasions. Anthony's mother told him the pair could never be together and he ended the relationship. Siena went on to find a new man and when Anthony went back to declare his love, it was too late. She said she had to look out for herself as no one else would, and Anthony needed to let her go free. It is presumed Siena continues to host concerts but Anthony does not seem to be in touch with her. Knowing she could never be what he is looking for, it was best to cut all ties and move on. This being said, Kate Sharma is an unlikely match for him and their personalities clash. He distracts himself with her younger sister, who is the definition of a perfect wife. Edwina is the complete opposite of Siena, but he could not be with the latter due to social pressures. DON'T MISS... Bridgerton star Claudia Jessie teases future of Netflix series [INSIGHT] Bridgerton season 2 review: The Viscount who underwhelmed me [REVIEW] Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan details ‘crazy’ wardrobe malfunction [INTERVIEW] Siena is loosely based on Maria Russo in the Bridgerton books by Julia Quinn. Her affair with Anthony is only briefly mentioned since it happened before the series is set. As for actress Bartlett, she is unlikely to return to the series in person. Following her character's exit, she went on to star in The Larkins, the ITV adaptation of The Darling Buds of May. The star paid tribute to her Bridgerton character in December 2021. Sharing a photo of herself in costume, she said: "This time last year when Bridgerton had just landed on our screens. "This photo was taken by the brilliant @marcelliotpilcher just before we were about to film the Barcarolle. "Marc told me to close my eyes, then took a handful of glitter from the makeup box and sprinkled it over my head and shoulders, telling me to go out and shine. "Remembering Marc this Christmas and celebrating the magic of his work and spirit Marc Pilcher was a hairstylist and makeup artist who sadly died in October 2021.  Bridgerton season 2 airs on Netflix on March 25