Married At First Sight Australia 2022 is airing on E4, just a few weeks after its release Down Under. The latest season featured motivational speaker and personal trainer Andrew Davis, 39. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the star from New South Whales is now. Andrew had entered the experience as a larger than life character. Although he had been through two divorces already, he was keen to find the love of his life. Already being a father himself, it was important he found someone who loved children as much as him. Sadly he had his fair share of arguments with his wife, Holly, in the series. Things seemed to go well on their wedding day but their relationship turned sour on their honeymoon. READ MORE: Married At First Sight viewers call for bride to be 'chucked off' show Andrew opened up about how many women he had previously slept with. The news did not go down well with his bride and they ended up bickering from then on in. Ahead of one dinner party, they turned up separately and Andrew ended up storming out. Before the show's release, Andrew scrapped all traces of using social media. But he has recently spoken out about a new relationship since leaving the series. Speaking to Fitzy & Wippa he said he was no longer on speaking terms with Holly. He said he had been dating someone else "for a while now", whom he had met before the show. He added: "It’s somebody I was previously [dating] and then kind of fell off. "And then yeah, it kind of got sparked back up." As for his former wife Holly, she was seen travelling with a mystery man. DON'T MISS... MAFSA: What happened to Jessica Seracino's first husband? [EXPLAINER] Married at First Sight star warns Australian singletons 'Don't do it!' [INTERVIEW] Married At First Sight Australia fight forced producers to step in [INSIGHT] This seems to suggest she and Andrew are definitely no longer together. Speaking to 9Entertainment, she said: "Andrew admitted that he wrote me off from day one and that was really evident and really clear. "I didn't offer him the instant validation that he was used to. "You know, I'm a strong woman and I think validation should be earned." She said she had hoped Andrew could have been honest about his feelings towards her from the outset. Andrew had told Holly he “didn’t enjoy” sleeping with her after their wedding night. He revealed he had better connections with one night stands in a shocking declaration. Andrew eventually said he was "done" with the whole experiment. At the second commitment ceremony, Andrew was a no-show and was filmed packing his bags.  Married At First Sight Australia airs on weeknights on E4.