The reveal comes from the Office for Budget Responsibility's (OBR) report released on Britain's Economic and fiscal outlook. According to the OBR inflation is expected to rise to a 40 year high this year, reducing household disposable income per person by 2.2 percent. This equals the biggest fall in living standards in a single financial year since 1956. Inflation was already revealed to be at a 30 year high this morning having reached 6.2 percent in February, over three times the Bank of England's target. With real disposable income falling and interest rates increasing the OBR predicts a fall in consumption with knock on effects for growth.The report explains the impact of the Ukraine crisis has "dampened the near term-growth outlook and heightened recession risks". The warning comes as Chancellor Rishi Sunak delivered his Spring Statement in the House of Commons today, with attention fixed on any measures to help address the growing cost of living crisis. During his statement the Chancellor admitted inflation was expected to average 7.4 percent this year according to the OBR with a slowdown in growth also expected in the years ahead.  According to the OBR, the record fall in living standards will still come despite the £17.6 billion of support Mr Sunak outlined today.The measures are however expected to offset around a third of the fall in disposable income which might otherwise have occured. Among the measures outlined by the Chancellor are a 5p cut to fuel duty and rise in the threshold for National Insurance to bring it in line with income tax.Pressure had grown on Mr Sunak to delay a 1.25 percent hike to National Insurance with today's change to the threshold going some way to addressing concerns.Shaun Moore, tax and financial planning expert at Quilter, branded the move a "U-turn in all but name." He explained: “Anyone earning below £34,300 will now face a lower national insurance bill in 2022/23 than they currently face in this tax year."Anyone earning above this amount will still have a higher national insurance bill."While the rise in threshold has been welcomed, some have expressed disappointment at how far the Chancellor's measures have gone.Director General of the British Chambers of Commerce, Shevaun Haviland urged the Government to take further action, warning firms will "be forced to continue raising prices, fuelling the cost of living crisis". Consumers will also face a rise in VAT in April as it returns to pre-pandemic levels following temporary cuts. Chair of pub chain Wetherspoon Tim Martin told Express.co.uk: "We are naturally disappointed that the Chancellor has not taken the opportunity to reduce VAT in respect of food in pubs and restaurants, to the same level as supermarkets. “It does not make economic sense for the hospitality industry to be taxed at a higher rate.”   DON'T MISS: Shell considers North Sea U-turn as oil prices rise [REVEAL]Sunak urged to shelve NI hike as HMRC takes extra £132.1 billion [INSIGHT] Rishi Sunak given dire inflation figures just hours before mini-Budget [LATEST] A key factor for the Chancellor is balancing current headroom due to higher tax receipts with growing costs of servicing Government debt due to inflation and rising interest rates. Simon Harvey, Head of FX Analysis at Monex Europe, noted: "Chancellor Sunak found himself with around £20bn of fiscal headroom relative to his 3-year target heading into the spring budget, owing to a £37bn windfall in tax receipts that is only partly offset by other spending measures and interest payments. "Today’s announcements suggest only £10bn of the freed up finances will be spent on new tax cuts, with the rest allocated to reducing the sovereign’s debt burden."  The Chancellor may have pause for thought given the worsening outlook ahead.According to the OBR a longer war in Ukraine or tougher international sanctions could reduce the Chancellor's headroom by over £4 billion.Pressure may also grow to provide further support measures later in the year when the energy price cap rises again in October.2023 meanwhile presents issues with welfare benefits expected to fall five percent in real terms and pressure to maintain cuts to fuel duty.