Princess Anne is known to be one of the hardest-working members of the Royal Family, and her royal role sees her attend an array of engagements every year. Anne is famously an accomplished equestrian, and sometimes her sporting interests sync up with her royal schedule - as was the case with her visit to the Sandown Park Racecourse today (March 8). On Tuesday, Princess Anne presented the trophy to winners of a race named after her beloved late grandmother, the Queen Mother. The ‘Queen Elizabeth, The Queen Mother Memorial Amateur Jockeys’ Handicap Hurdle' was run for the first time since 2019, according to Royal Central. The Queen Mother was famously a racing enthusiast, and this particular race was renamed in her honour in 2015. Over her lifetime, the Queen Mother visited Sandown Park regularly, and she served as patron of the Grand Military Race Committee until she died in 2002. READ MORE: William issued warning by 'worried' Queen  Sandown has long had an affinity with the Royal Family, with the Queen also closely linked to the racecourse. In 2003, Queen Elizabeth II succeeded her mother as patron of the Grand Military Race Committee. In the same year, the Queen also visited the Esher racecourse to unveil a portrait bust in memory of her mother. Like her mother and grandmother before her, Princess Anne has continued a long legacy of promoting equestrianism in the Royal Family.  Princess Anne is often spotted at racecourses across the country, and she regularly accompanies the Queen to Royal Ascot every year. And Anne's personal dedication to the sport is also well-documented, as she built a reputation as a competitive equestrian in the 1970s. The Queen's only daughter famously became the first British royal to compete in the Olympics in 1976. And to the delight of her mother, Anne even rode the Queen's horse Goodwill in the Eventing competition.  DON'T MISS:Princess Anne is 'perfect royal blend' but 'intimidating socially' [INSIGHT]Sussexes image 'could not be further away' from Anne and Sophie's [ANALYSIS]Princess Anne and Zara Tindall’s engagement rings are ‘understated’ [PICTURES] In 1971, Anne was voted the BBC Sports Personality of the Year. Although Anne's competition days are now behind her, she still gets to embrace her beloved pastime through her daughter, Zara Tindall. The Queen's granddaughter Zara is herself an accomplished equestrian, and she followed in her mother's footsteps by competing at the London 2012 Olympics. Zara won a silver medal in the team event, and her mother got the honour of presenting Zara with the award. 