Calling it the “most radical plan” made by any country in the bloc Warsaw has vowed the completely end its reliance on Russian energy. The remark appeared to be a reference to many EU nations, including Germany, which has refused to sanction Russian energy and continues to buy gas from Moscow despite the invasion of Ukraine. This is because Berlin, the EU’s largest economy, is heavily dependent on Russian gas, relying on it for 40 percent of its energy.  This makes Germany particularly vulnerable to Putin, with fears growing over the past month that Russia could turn off the supply of gas as retaliation to sanctions, causing major power shortages. Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said: “Today we present the most radical plan in Europe to move away from Russian hydrocarbons - Russian oil, Russian gas and Russian coal. “When others in Europe looked at Russia as a business partner, we knew that Russia was primarily using gas as an instrument of blackmail. “That is why we have been persuading for years to take the tools of blackmail from Putin and Russia.”  Like Germany, Poland is particularly vulnerable to Putin’s gas. According to Forum Energii, a think tank, Warsaw gets 46 percent of its gas, 64 percent of its oil and 15 percent of its coal from Russia. These figures make Poland one of the biggest buyers of Russian energy in the EU, despite being a key ally of Ukraine. In the first part of the new energy strategy, Poland announced that it would Russian coal, which is the smallest part of the energy imports from Moscow. According to Polish Climate Minister Anna Moskwa, the 8 million tonnes of coal they imported from Russia in 2021 would be rapidly phased out with domestic coal and supplies from other countries. READ MORE: Germany humiliated over plan to ration gas After that, Mr Morawiecki noted that they will be able to rid themselves of Russian oil and gas imports. He also urged the EU Commission to impose a new tax on Russian oil and gas, "so that trade happens in a fair way". To achieve energy independence from Russia, the Government noted that will update its energy security plans to invest more heavily in nuclear and renewable energy. The EU has been much slower to take action on Russian energy, having announced a strategy earlier this month that would cut energy imports from Russia by two thirds by the end of the year.  DON'T MISS: Price of goods set to soar up to 75% as EU unleashes new green tax [REVEAL] Russia issues threat as NASA astronaut to leave ISS: ‘We can fight' [INSIGHT]Putin panics as Nigeria offers to plug EU’s Russian supply gap [SPOTLIGHT]