Novak Djokovic is set to play at some of the biggest tournaments on the calendar this year, after confirmation from his brother. In an interview with Serbian media, Djordje Djokovic let slip that his sibling is planning on making appearances at two of the three remaining Grand Slams this year, as well as at least two more ATP 1000 competitions. Djokovic was forced to miss out on the Australian Open earlier this year, as a long-running visa wrangle ended with the Serbian being deported on the eve of the tournament. As a result of that sour saga, it was revealed that he was not vaccinated against Covid-19 – he had previously refused to disclose whether or not he had been jabbed. He has also missed the Indian Wells and Miami masters, though he did reclaim top spot in the world rankings thanks to Daniil Medvedev's shock early exit in California. If the Russian beats Hubert Hurkacz in the Miami quarter-finals, however, then he will once again return to the peak of the men's game. Djokovic looks to have plenty of big competitions coming up which he can use to reclaim his crown, though. According to his brother, he is eyeing appearances at the Italian Open and Madrid Open, and also plans to play at Roland Garros and Wimbledon in the summer after struggling with a lack of top-level matches. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic 'stronger than ever' before Monte-Carlo Masters return "He lacks the continuity of matches and tournaments, to be on the field," Djordje Djokovic told Serbian outlet Alo. "I hope that he will continue with great games, and Belgrade and Monte Carlo are tournaments where he is preparing for Roland Garros and Wimbledon. "Until the last moment, he did not know if he would be able to play, but fortunately, he will also appear in Paris, Rome, London, Madrid. The ATP is not asked so much here, but the rules are followed from state to state." His appearances in Paris and Rome were once in doubt, but the governments of both France and Italy have since either relaxed their entry rules for unvaccinated travellers or confirmed specifically that the tennis star will be allowed to enter and compete in their countries. DON'T MISS:Medvedev told 'focus on third goal' with Russian not on Djokovic levelDjokovic 'won't have sponsorship issue' as his brother speaks outDjokovic served warning as star dubbed 'mini-Nadal' tipped to stun him The confirmation comes after former world number two Alex Corretja claimed that the Serbian is "stronger than ever". That is despite the 34-year-old missing out on several important tournaments over his decision to avoid the Covid vaccine. "I think that today, with everything that has happened to him in recent years, since the US Open 2020, the final he lost last year, this year in Australia, he is stronger than ever," the Spaniard said. "I admire him deeply, because he says what he feels. He's not saying the right things to make people love him. You can agree with his way of thinking to a lesser or higher degree, but you cannot criticize him for being consistent in his principles."