  Countdown star Rachel Riley said goodbye to her replacement Dr Anne-Marie Imafidon ahead of her return to the show following maternity leave. Rachel paid tribute to her substitute and thanked Dr Anne-Marie for “keeping the numbers” warm for her in her absence.      Rachel, 36, took to Twitter this afternoon to applaud Dr Anne-Marie, 31, for the stellar performance she gave on Countdown while the mum-of-two was away. Addressing her 695,600 followers Rachel wrote: “You made it your own! “Thanks for keeping my numbers warm. “Don’t know how I’m supposed to compete with your blue lip makeup game,” she added with three flame emojis. READ MORE: 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown      The star shared a post from Countdown’s main account, which included a series of snaps from Dr Anne-Marie’s memorable time on the show. The post read: “FAREWELL DOCTOR. “Tune in to @Channel4 @ 2.10pm for the incredible @aimafidon’s final episode with our Countdown Family. “You’ve been an absolute pleasure, joy & an inspiration - big love from all of us.”       Rachel also tweeted Dr Anne-Marie’s response to the sweet post, which read: “It's been a blast. That's all folks! “Handing it back in one piece to @RachelRileyRR from tomorrow xx.” Rachel wrapped up filming with Countdown last October to go on maternity leave for a second time. The star gave birth to baby Noa on November 8 and is now ready to return to our screens. READ MORE...  Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [INSIGHT] Richard E Grant's 'heartbreaking' reaction to BAFTAs In Memoriam [UPDATE] Alex Scott goes underwear-free in risque gown with thigh-high split [LATEST]   Rachel already shares two-year-old daughter Maven with her husband Pasha, who she met in 2013. The pair got together months after being paired up on the eleventh series of Strictly Come Dancing. Following the presenter’s split from her first husband Jamie Gilbert, they began dating and married in an unconventional Las Vegas ceremony in June 2019. Rachel has been the face of Countdown since 2008, when she replaced the glamorous Carol Vorderman, 60, who had previously presented the show for 26 years.      Dr Anne-Marie proved more than up to the task of filling in for Rachel during her absence. The maths whizz is also the CEO and cofounder of Stemettes, an organisation which has helped 40,000 girls realise their STEM potential since its launch in 2013. Starting off as an academic child prodigy, the star passed her A-Level in computing aged just 11 and speaks six languages. By the age of 20, she was also one of the youngest students to ever receive a Master’s degree in mathematics and computer science from Oxford University.   