Rebel Wilson, 41, lost over five stone after her "Year of Health". The actress used walking and a healthy diet to slim down. She told fans: “An Austrian doctor said 'Rebel, the best way for you to lose unwanted body fat is just simply walking. “‘Doesn't have to be high-intensity, doesn't have to be uphill, just moderate walking an hour a day. “‘And if you can do that, for you, for your body type, it's, like, the best way to lose unwanted body fat.'" The actress is said to have followed the Mayr Method diet plan and has focused on adding in more vegetables while sometimes allowing herself treats. Fitness expert and founder of CrockFit Alex Crockford analysed Rebel's weight loss methods. He told Express.co.uk: "The diet is good because the foods suggested to eat and to avoid are what we could traditionally consider as a healthy approach. "Eating fruits, vegetables, grains, nuts and seeds, herbs and spices etc, while avoiding sugar, processed foods, dairy and fizzy drinks. "This makes this diet quite simple to follow and apply, which then increases adherence, which ultimately makes a successful diet." Discussing The Mayr Method, Alex explained: "The goal of this diet is to improve gut health which promotes weight loss, and health. "This may be true, however it’s highly likely that someone doing this diet will experience weight loss due to the reduced calorie intake and controlled diet, compared to their previous eating habits." Alex advocates for mindful eating, a practice advovated by the plan. He said: "The diet’s suggestion of mindful eating is great too - chewing food for longer and also limiting distractions is a way to increase gratitude for the food, enjoyment and satisfaction of the moment, promoting stopping when you’re full, and of course the digestion benefits of breaking the food down too. "Everyone’s weight loss journey is very personal, so restricting some food groups may be a good approach for some, but may not be the best approach mentally and emotionally for others, where restriction can lead to negative eating habits in the long run. "However, it seems Rebel’s approach is really well balanced by keeping the diet as her main foundation while she enjoys the things she likes occasionally, like ice cream and chocolate, to keep it maintainable. This is true really for any diet in my opinion." Walking formed a large part of Rebel's fitness overhaul. The actress ensures to walk an hour a day to stay active. Alex said: "Rebel increased her walking to 60 minutes a day, which is a great way to increase her calorie burn to create the calorie deficit needed to burn fat. "I would also suggest adding in forms of resistance training like home bodyweight workouts or lifting weights, to build muscle and further improve fat loss while shaping the body with muscle tone." Lastly, Alex commended the Aussie actress for speaking out about her emotional eating. He told Express.co.uk: "I love her comments about her lessons in emotional eating, and how she has managed to process her emotions better and become healthier because of it. "This is great inspiration for anyone looking to improve their relationship with food."