The former US president also reminded the Russian leader that the US was the "greatest nuclear power in the world." He made his remarks during an interview with Fox Business host Stuart Varney on Monday. Mr Trump claimed that if he were President he would threaten Putin with the deployment of US nuclear subs and that he would tell the dictator "we'll be coasting back and forth up and down your coast." The US boasts 68 operational submarines, 14 of which are armed with strategic nuclear-powered ballistic missiles. Moscow possesses 11 submarines capable of firing nuclear missiles, according to information provided by the International Institute for Strategic Studies. The Russian leader made a veiled threat to use his nuclear arsenal if Western countries intervened in the war in Ukraine. In a TV address announcing his decision to invade Ukraine, he said the West would face "consequences greater than any you have faced in history" should they become involved in the war. Later, he ordered his nuclear deterrent forces to be on alert as tensions rose over his military adventurism. The 45th US President dismissed Putin's nuclear posturing as just bluff. He told his TV host that he recalled the Russian leader "constantly using the n-word" by which Trump meant nuclear. Mr Trump met Putin for a summit in Helsinki in July 2018 and later held a joint press conference with the Russian strongman. He stunned journalists and Western diplomats alike when he said he believed Putin's assertions that Moscow did not interfere in the 2016 US Presidential elections. In doing so, he disregarded the conclusions of the US Intelligence Community, which said Moscow had interfered in those elections. Those conclusions were subsequently backed up by a bipartisan Senate report published in 2020. READ MORE: Trump snubs Mike Pence as 2024 running mate in bizarre swipe Mr Trump was slammed by US politicians for his willingness to take the ex-KGB man's word at face value. Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican, called it "one of the most disgraceful performances by an American president in memory." Mr Trump appeared in awe of the Russian tyrant at that press conference. In a recent interview with The View, his former White House press secretary admitted that the former TV reality star admired dictators in general. Stephanie Grisham said: "I think [Trump] feared [Putin]. I think he was afraid of him. DON'T MISSGB News: Former aid touts Trump’s record on Russia [NEWS]Expert reveals TRUMP as only leader ‘Putin had respect for' [REVEAL]Former US advisor ‘regretful’ as Trump sees new presidential opponent [SPOTLIGHT] "I think that the man intimidated him. "Because Putin is a scary man, just frankly, I think he was afraid of him. "I also think he admired him, greatly, I think he wanted to be able to kill whoever spoke out against him. "So I think it was a lot of that. "In my experience with him, he loved the dictators, he loved the people who could kill anyone, including the press."