Development on the highly anticipated Dune 2 is well underway with Denis Villeneuve returning to the directors’ chair. It is still in pre-production but is further along than fans may have expected. Most of the main cast will be returning as well, but there have been some intriguing updates on stars that could be making an appearance. As the story will be focusing on the second half of Frank Herbert's original novel, it will be an action-packed ride for audiences, something Villeneuve has already teased.   Getting the script right for Dune: Part Two will be a daunting challenge for Villeneuve and Jon Spaihts (the screenwriter behind the first film). After being nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 2022 Oscars, there will be immense pressure to get it right. Not only this but Dune is widely considered to be one of the most complex science-fiction novels of all time, so much so that some called it unfilmable, even after David Lynch’s disastrous effort in 1984. Villeneuve proved the naysayers wrong following glowing reviews, and in a recent interview with Collider, he confirmed the screenplay on the sequel had been “solidified”. He explained: "The screenplay is finished mostly, but it's always a work in progress. It'll be a work in progress until final cut, but I will say it's solidified. I have a script in my hands. We are in prep right now." Rumours and speculation are intensifying over the sequel, especially after recent casting reports.    READ MORE: Elvis release date: Film set for early film festival premiere  Of course, all the main cast from the original film will be returning, including Timothée Chalamet as Paul Atreides, Zendaya as Chani, Rebecca Ferguson as Lady Jessica, Josh Brolin as Gurney Halleck, Stellan Skarsgård as Baron Harkonnen and Javier Bardem as Stilgar. However, recent reports suggest Midsommar and Black Widow star Florence Pugh could be joining them as Princess Irulan Corrino. For those unfamiliar with the books, she is a crucial character who pseudo-narrates events through historical documents. She is the eldest daughter of the Padishah Emperor Shaddam Corrino IV and becomes intertwined in the life of Paul. Next in line to be making an appearance is Austin Butler as Feyd-Rautha. He is an up-and-coming actor set to become a household name after his starring role in Baz Luhrmann’s upcoming Elvis biopic. If his casting is confirmed, he will play a dangerous and devious antagonist – the nephew and heir to Baron Harkonnen. His part isn’t confirmed yet though, and Robert Pattinson has also made it clear he wants to make an appearance in the film, and many believe he would be perfect for Feyd-Rautha. In a recent interview with Variety, while promoting his new hit movie The Batman, he commented on director Matt Reeves' Planet of the Apes films saying: "I love those Apes movies so much. There’s only been two movies — well, three now — where I wanted to do a sequel: the Apes movies, Sicario and Dune. I saw both of the Apes movies in the cinema and I just thought what he could do with mo-cap was just so unbelievable. If he could do that with a monkey’s face, then he can get a performance out of me as well." Pattinson previously admitted he only wanted to play “freaks,” so the role of the Baron’s nephew would be a perfect fit. He is psychotic, brutal and more than a little unhinged. The role was previously played famously by Sting as one of the original 1984 film’s more defining elements. DON'T MISS...Dune star slams 'f*****g dumb' Oscars over awards snub- 'Flummoxing' [INSIGHT]Dune 4K Blu-ray review: Only way to experience the film of the decade [EXPLAINER]Golden Globes 2022 winners from James Bond to Dune - FULL LIST [INSIGHT]  The sequel is set for a release date of October 20, 2023 and judging by Villeneuve’s new comments, it is well on target to hit it. Filming is reportedly set to start this summer and from there it will begin an extensive post-production process to deliver visually stunning special effects. The scope of the original movie was massive and the sequel will be even more explosive, according to the director. During an interview with Fandango, he said: “I laid the base, the basics of the world - it's done now. I don't have to explain most of the world. So now I can just have fun with cinema. [laughs] That's what I will say, is that I think if ever such a thing happens as a Part Two, it's going to be a cinematic party. I mean, it's not the right word. I apologize. I will say it is going to be a cinematic blast for me. I think that I could create something much more built into cinematic action and less talking.”     The story will be covering the second half of the original novel and it will kick off immediately where the first film left off. Paul’s powers continue to grow as his legend rises beyond all comparison. As he falls deeper into his own idolatry, he risks losing his humanity in a relentless pursuit of vengeance. The official synopsis reads: “Duke Paul Atreides joins the Fremen and begins a spiritual and martial journey to become Muad'dib, while trying to prevent the horrible but inevitable future he's witnessed: a Holy War in his name, spreading throughout the known universe.” Dune: Part Two will premiere in cinemas on October 20, 2023