Manchester United were heavily linked with bringing in Antonio Conte while Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was coming under increased pressure at Old Trafford, only for the Red Devils to opt against bringing in the Italian head coach. Once the decision was made to sack Solskjaer, Conte was already off the market with Tottenham swooping in to bring in the former Chelsea boss. Fast forward a few months and the two sides are neck and neck in the Premier League table ahead of their crunch match later this evening. Tottenham have put some dreadful form behind them this past week with convincing wins over Leeds and Everton. But United have been on a downward spiral of late, winning just two of their last six league games. Questions are still being asked on why United didn't go after Conte when he was available given his proven track record all over Europe. JUST IN: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan - EXCLUSIVE  Conte's seen as one of the best managers in world football and would have arguably had an instant impact at Old Trafford. Express Sport takes a look at five players who may well have benefitted from United bringing in Conte a few months ago. Arguably Conte's biggest strength wherever he has managed has been his ability to build a tough defensive unit. Harry Maguire has looked anything but in recent months with the England international coming under heavy scrutiny for his performances. DON'T MISS  The central defender has looked devoid of any confidence of late with Rangnick struggling to get the best out of Maguire. But Conte has a proven track record of making defensive units more solid and Maguire would have certainly been one to benefit from Conte's arrival. It's been some fall from grace for Aaron Wan-Bissaka since Rangnick took charge with the full-back now set to be sold on this summer. Once seen as a contender to push Trent Alexander-Arnold, Kyle Walker and Reece James for England's competitive right-back slot, Wan-Bissaka now looks out of sorts. The 24-year-old may well have benefitted from playing as a more advanced full-back under Conte's favoured system but that opportunity is no longer. Conte helped Pogba discover his world-beating form at Juventus before the midfielder returned to Old Trafford but the Frenchman has not been the same player since that move. The Italian coach has always spoken highly of Pogba and when Conte rates someone and gives them his trust it usually pays off. Romelu Lukaku is the perfect example of that. Pogba appears to be the same kind of player in that regard, needing a manager to put their arm around him in order for him to give his best. As much as United have been disappointing this year, it's been the dip in form from Bruno Fernandes which has been most alarming. The midfielder began life at Old Trafford with a bang, but he's struggled for consistency under Rangnick. Fernandes may well have been made the main man under Conte with reports indicating he would have moved away from Cristiano Ronaldo as the focal point for United. It's been a disastrous campaign for Rashford so far with the England international said to be considering his future in the north west. He's been left out of the starting line-up for four consecutive league games now, including the Manchester derby where neither Ronaldo or Cavani were available. But Conte's favoured system of having two main forwards linking up would have worked perfectly for Rashford with the 24-year-old potentially leading the line on a regular basis.