American racing team Haas have confirmed that they are terminating the contract of Russian driver Nikita Mazepin. They are also ditching his father's company Uralkali as sponsors. A statement released on Saturday morning read: "Haas F1 team has elected to terminate, with immediate effect, the title partnership of Uralkali, and the driver contract of Nikita Mazepin. "As with the rest of the F1 community, the team is shocked and saddened by the invasion of Ukraine and wishes for a swift and peaceful end to the conflict." There had been plenty of speculation that Mazepin would be ditched by Haas ever since Russia invaded Ukraine just over a week ago. Yet it looked for a moment as though he may cling on to his job, with F1 stopping short of banning Russian drivers and instead saying they would have to sign a document promising to not display flags or support for their country. Nevertheless, Haas chief Guenther Steiner clearly felt he could not continue with Mazepin, and thus their relationship has now ended.  Mazepin spent just one season at Haas, and struggled throughout the 2021 campaign. He crashed out in the first lap of his debut race to set the tone for what was to follow as he ended up 21st in the standings. Despite his disastrous season, he was nevertheless set to continue in 2022, but this will now not be the case. All the talk will now turn towards who his replacement will be. Reserve driver Pietro Fittipaldi appears set to emerge as the first-choice option, but there are a number of other choices Haas could turn to. Speaking last week, Steiner said: "It needs to be resolved. "Not everything depends from us here what is happening. There's governments involved, I have no power over them, and we also need to see how the situation develops in Ukraine."Steiner went on to insist that Haas' existence would not be under threat as a result of the split with Uralkali - in spite of the lucrative nature of their current agreement. "It is a headache but it's not something which disturbs the team on the competition side," he added."Financially, we are OK. It has no implication on the team, how we are running it, or how we plan the season."There are more ways to get the funding, so there is no issue with that one."