Earlier this year it was announced Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will be visiting Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas on a Caribbean tour to mark 70 years of the Queen's reign. Kate and William are scheduled to visit the Bahamas towards the end of their trip, and this leg of the tour will include a touching tribute to William's late grandfather, Prince Philip.  Kate and William's tour of the Caribbean will span eight days and will be packed with engagements across the three countries. And while in the Bahamas next week, the Duke and Duchess are expected to take part in a sailing regatta on Friday. The engagement will likely see Kate and William showcase their famous friendly sporting rivalry. But this visit will also include a special tribute to the late royal patriarch, Prince Philip, who died last year aged 99.  READ MORE: Queen plots retreat away from Windsor Castle During his lifetime, Prince Philip was an Honorary Commodore then Honorary Life Member of the Royal Nassau Sailing Club. On his first trip to the Bahamas, Philip went sailing, and he visited the island on several occasions during the Queen's reign. According to Town and Country, the Palace said the Cambridges' attendance at the Platinum Jubilee Sailing Regatta “provides a nod to Prince Philip.” William and Kate set off for Belize today (Saturday, March 19), but their planned schedule has already been altered following opposition from local residents.   Protests were reportedly staged on Friday against Kate and William's royal visit to Akte 'il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek village in the foothills of the Maya Mountains. Under the headline "Indian Creek Villagers Don't Want William The Prince To Visit", Channel 7 reported on its website: "Prince William and his wife, Kate the Duchess of Cambridge arrive in Belize on Saturday afternoon - and a highlight of their trip is a visit to a cacao farm in the Toledo District. "The problem is - it's in Indian Creek village - which has been in open conflict with Flora and Fauna International which owns an adjoining, contested property. More than that Prince William is a patron of that conservation organisation. "And it appears to villagers preparations are being made for the Prince's helicopter to and on the village football field. And tonight they are saying they weren't consulted and they don't want the Prince in their village!"  DON'T MISS:Kate and William to keep eye on Belize menu [ANALYSIS]Queen looking at ways she can help Ukrainians [REPORT]Prince William and Prince Louis enjoy park walk ahead of Royal tour [INSIGHT] A Kensington Palace spokeswoman said: "We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location - further details will be provided in due course." The Belize Government said in a statement: "Indian Creek was one of several sites being considered. "Due to issues in the village, the Government of Belize activated its contingency planning and another venue has been selected to showcase Maya family entrepreneurship in the cacao industry." After their trip to Belize concludes, Kate and William will be visiting Jamaica before heading on to the Bahamas later next week. 