Film lovers had been waiting for a full Oscars experience for years, with the pandemic impeding the award ceremony over the last few outings. The 2022 celebration will, however, be remembered not for the fashion and the films that collected the most awards but for the on-screen altercation between two of Hollywood's leading men. The former One Direction member has weighed in on the altercation between Chris Rock and Will Smith. UK viewers woke up to the news that Will walked onto the stage to confront comedian Chris during the celebrations. The US time difference on Sunday, March 27, meant that UK fans were playing catch up over their breakfast. An ill-timed joke from the Saturday Night Live comedian Chris and the now Oscar winner's wife Jada about her new no hair look rubbed Will the wrong way with him hitting the funny man live on stage. Good Morning Britain went live to the red carpet to find out what the stars thought of the altercation, and the Strip That Down singer thought that no one won from what happened. Read More: Question of Sport viewers in uproar over choice of guests 'Not even athletes!'  The singer said: "I'm going to be honest with you. "Will Smith actually used to live behind my house. I have the pleasure of knowing his son and his daughter very well, and we did Men in Black three with him." Despite knowing the award-winner personally, he did not condone the incident. He continued: "I believe whatever he felt he did he had the right to do. "I also thought there were three losers in one fight. "He didn't know, being Chris Rock, he didn't want to do what he had to do, being Will Smith, and she did nothing, being Jada. "It's a very sad thing." The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air actor picked up the best actor award for his portrayal as Venus and Serena Williams' father Richard in King Richard. DON’T MISS…Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]'Danger will be exposed': Anthony Bridgerton shows 'emotional vulnerability' in season 2 [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected my life in many ways’ [LATEST] Viewers witnessed a very powerful and emotional acceptance speech but found it hard to shake the fight from their minds. Liam described: "There was a powerful moment for me, to sit and watch one of the world's best emoters ever we've seen, speak from the heart. "I would rather take the beauty from the situation than take the pain, but I had to leave my chair, to be honest with you. "It cut me really deep. I don't get deep about these things, but I am a big movie fan, I'll be honest with you. "Out of a horrible moment, there was a little bit of beauty in what came on. I am sure everyone is apologetic about what happened. It shouldn't have happened." He concluded by asking the red carpet host and audience a question: "Ask yourself what you would do in the same situation? "I don't know how we would react - we are all very human." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.