Lewis Hamilton has spoken out on three components he was trying to get a closer look at when he peeked into Max Verstappen's Red Bull garage in Barcelona. F1 teams had their first chance to see what their rivals had done on the 2022 cars at testing in Barcelona last month. The three-day test threw up a few surprises with both Ferrari and McLaren coming away in a strong position. Mercedes and Red Bull supposedly had more questions than answers, but there has been some suggestions that they were hiding their true potential. More will be revealed this week in the official pre-season test in Bahrain, which begins on March 10. For most drivers, Barcelona was their first opportunity to step into their cockpit for a full session. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton shares doubts over Formula 1 career  Given the new regulations in place for this season, every car seemingly had subtle differences to one another. Finding the perfect package early on could be the difference for who wins the World Championship this year. Mercedes have notoriously been solid at taking full advantage of the new regulations, but there remains some uncertainty until the first race of the season as to who has it right. While the action on the track attracted most of the attention in Barcelona, Hamilton's walk down the pit lane before his first session also caught the eye. DON'T MISS  Red Bull kept things under wraps when they launched the RB18 last month, revealing a show car. But Hamilton wanted a closer look at the real thing in Barcelona as he was seen wandering over to Verstappen's garage and peeking inside. And the British racing superstar has now admitted what he was looking for on his personal spying mission. “It’s one of the most exciting and interesting seasons that I’ve ever embarked upon,” Hamilton said. “It’s interesting to see what other teams have done, in terms of sidepod designs and the front wings, the floor. It’s completely brand new. “I’ve seen designs of our car over several months, but to see everyone else’s cars out there, I was just trying to get a close eye to see if I could see everything and why different teams had chosen different routes. “We have absolutely no idea where we stand. All the cars are probably overweight, they’re heavier than they’ve ever been. I’m glad people have been able to stop them so far. “I hope these rules deliver in terms of closer racing. It puts everyone on a closer playing field.” One aspect which may well be different on Mercedes' W13 this week could be the sidepods. Red Bull caught the attention of Mercedes' aerodynamic team in Barcelona and Mike Elliott admitted the sidepods on Verstappen's car were of interest to the Silver Arrows. He said: “The most visual different thing is the sidepod that Red Bull have come up with. "[It] looks interesting – we will go away and have a think about that.”