Vanessa Feltz, 60, regularly presents the viewer call-in and paper segments on This Morning and today was no different. However, Vanessa revealed on Instagram that she tested positive for Covid today after feeling "slightly queasy" while at work. Vanessa took the test after arriving home from London's White City Studios on Thursday. She took to her Instagram to make the shocking announcement this afternoon in view of her 135,000 followers with a short video. Flushed, she said: "Well it is, gosh. I've got Covid so I don't really know what to say, it's a bit of a shock really. "I feel OK, I just did this Morning and then I gave a right cough while I was on the telly and I thought that's a bit weird, got on the back of the motorbike to come home again, felt slightly queasy, which I never do. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced "Thought I must have a bit of a cold so I'd better test and there it is. "Sending love to anyone else in this situation, I know I'm very very lucky to have avoided it for this long. Big kiss and hugs!" Many friends and social media users took to the comments to wish the host well. Former colleague Ruth Langsford said: "Oh dear…..tuck yourself up and get better soon xx." Phillip Schofield added: "Oh no!!! I thought you’d had it already! Please look after yourself xx." Zoe Ball commented: "Welcome darling.... it's not the most fun i'll confess...." (sic) Vanessa was out on the town, joining her fiancé Ben Ofoedu and stars such as Loose Women's Linda Robson at a recent London Cabaret event. Vanessa's positive result comes after Holly Willoughby returned to This Morning on Wednesday following her self-isolation with Covid. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [BBC] A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton pole dances in Spain after breakup [INSTAGRAM] 'Can't even control his own bowels' Jeremy Clarkson slams Joe Biden [OPINION] Holly was thrilled to be back in action with co-host Phillip and said she felt "rubbish" for the first two days after she tested positive. Speaking on Wednesday's episode of This Morning, she said: "It's so nice to be back. I feel like I've been gone forever." Looking at Philip she continued: "I've watched loads of you. I feel like you've been in my house the whole time." Phillip said: "Isn't it horrible to watch it going on without you. How are you?" Holly replied: "I had 48 hours of feeling rubbish, headache, head on the pillow, all that sort of stuff. "I'm absolutely fine now, it's just waiting for that line to go every morning. "It's like the worst advent calendar in the world. Will I get today? Oh, red again." You can watch This Morning weekdays on ITV from 10am