Viewers tuning into the 94th Academy Awards yesterday have fumed over the extravagant gift bags being handed out to nominees. They took to social media to suggest the money should have instead been donated to charity to help refugees of the Ukraine war. According to reports, nominees at the Sunday night ceremony received swag bags containing $140,000 worth of products and experiences, including holidays abroad, after many Hollywood stars preached about the war in Ukraine in "woke" speeches. On Twitter, some slammed the move as "appalling" amid the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Betsymullen typed: “Appalling excess; the funds should have gone to help in the crisis in Ukraine.” Alfie_Boy_Dog wrote: “In 2021, Forbes estimated that the Oscar 'Freebie' gift bags valued around $205,000. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts “How about all you American actors bleating support for #Ukraine demand that these are cancelled and the money sent to support the #HumanitarianCrisis that is unfolding @amyschumer #Oscars2022.” Xtinaresists said: “I love the movies, I love the arts, I respect what all of them do as artists. “This is an embarrassment to those who do not need it at all. “Wouldn’t it have been a nice touch if in that bag they got a paper that says $76,000 donated to ‘worthy’ charity of their choice? And a candy.” Edengr4ce added: “Imagine how much that £76k each that went on an already rich person, would’ve helped a Ukrainian family. “Multiple families!!! Madness this world.” The lavish package includes a number of luxury items, ranging from popcorn kernels, to skin care products, and a three-night stay in a Scottish castle, according to the Daily Mail. It is also said to include a liposuction treatment valued between $9,500 and $15,000. DON'T MISS...Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock [UPDATE]Liza Minneli stuns fans by defying the odds and turning 75 [LATEST]Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga [INSIGHT] The Oscars night was surrounded by controversy after an altercation between actor Will Smith and comedian Chris Rock. It happened after Chris made a joke about Will's wife Jada Pinkett Smith, prompting the latter to walk on stage and hit the comic. Chris had poked fun at Jada’s buzzcut, saying: “Jada, can't wait for GI Jane 2." In a furious outburst, Will got on stage and smacked Chris before returning to his seat. Still seemingly in shock, Chris exclaimed: “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me.” Following the stand-off, the camera panned to Will as the audience laughed. The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star shouted: “Keep my wife’s name out your f*****g mouth.” Jada revealed in 2018 she had been diagnosed with alopecia and has since spoken out on the effects of her hair loss.