Chelsea may end up entering administration because they "simply don't have enough money" to keep the club running, according to finance expert Dr Rob Wilson. Chelsea were rocked by the news on Thursday that the UK Government had sanctioned Roman Abramovich over his links with Russia president Vladimir Putin. Chelsea have been granted a licence by the Government to continue carrying out some football activities until at least May 31. However, the club are unable to sell any match tickets or merchandise, and are theoretically under a transfer embargo albeit the window is not currently open. Abramovich put Chelsea up for sale last week and has seen plenty of interest. But the sale has been put on hold following the news that his assets have been frozen. JUST IN: Lionel Messi and Neymar break Pochettino's golden rule he installed at Tottenham  Abramovich believes Chelsea is worth over £3billion but head of finance and accounting at Sheffield Halland University Wilson says that price has been inflated by the Russian. "I personally don't think Chelsea are worth that sort of money," Wilson told Sky Sports News. "At Sheffield Hallam where we do some of the economic calculations for the values of these clubs, we're probably talking in the region of £1bn-£1.2bn. "Chelsea owe Roman Abramovich about £1.5bn in soft loans and I think what he's been doing is using that £1.5bn to artificially increase the price of the football club." DON'T MISSReal Madrid to meet with Kylian Mbappe in 'next 10 days' after star 'rejects PSG contract' [REPORT]Karim Benzema and Robert Lewandowski send Mohamed Salah message to Liverpool owners FSG [COMMENT]Cesar Azpilicueta becomes first Chelsea player to break silence over Roman Abramovich [INTERVIEW]  Wilson believes Chelsea will be forced into selling a host of players in the summer transfer window. But he says redundancies will have already been handed out to some members of staff. And he claims administration is a real possibility as Chelsea won't be able to keep up with the costs of running the club without any income. Wilson continued: "The real threat for the football club, if we park the potential administration if they can't pay those players in the short term, I think over the summer we're going to see a number of players having to be sold.  "I expect the redundancies will be on the table currently, at least if they think this is going to be a medium or long-term set of sanctions. "And then I think actually what we might well be talking about in the not-too-distant future is potential administration because they simply don't have enough money in the business to keep it running." The Sun claimed on Thursday that Chelsea risk going bust if they do not sell the club by May 31.  The Prime Minister's official spokesman confirmed the rules that must be followed for Chelsea to be sold. He said: “A specific licence can be granted to allow any sale to proceed. “But under no circumstance would any sale allow Roman Abramovich to profit from that or take any money from that sale.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here