Netflix’s hit regal drama Bridgerton will finally be returning to the platform with a second instalment this month. Ahead of its release actress Simone Ashley opened up about a painful injury she had on set due to her costume.  When Bridgerton returns for season two, it will focus on Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) on his quest to find love. The upcoming season will also see the introduction of Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) who will make her first appearance alongside her sister Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran). Ahead of Simone’s debut on the Netflix drama, the actress opened up about an injury she had as a result of her costume. In her recent interview with Glamour, she described the regency period wardrobe as “interesting,” while detailing the struggles of wearing a corset.  READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour The actress revealed she received assistance from the crew, who would help her into the costume as she wasn’t able to bend down due to the cinching of the corset. However, she was forced to face much bigger issues, when Simone recalled having a large salmon lunch during her first day of filming. The actress shared: “That’s when I needed to be sick, basically because I was wearing the corset.” Even though she wanted to be fueled throughout filming, she was met with a harsh reality: “I realised when you wear the corset, you just don’t eat. It changes your body.”  As well as cutting down on her intake while on set, Simone also unveiled she had an injury due to the costume. She added: “I had a lot of pain with the corset, too - I think I tore my shoulder at one point.” One of the other unexpected challenges of the costume was the physical changes it made to her body. The 26-year-old explained: “I realised when you wear the corset, you just don’t eat it changes your body.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary? [THEORY]Bridgerton season 2: Lady Whistledown downfall 'sealed' in trailer? [THEORY]Bridgerton season 2: Eloise's new love interest unveiled? [INSIGHT] “I had a smaller waist very momentarily, then the minute you stop wearing it, you’re just back to how your body is.” When Simone’s character was first announced, Netflix’s official Twitter account posted her headshot with the caption: “Get ready to fall in love with Simone Ashley, who will play Kate in Season 2 of Bridgerton. “Kate is a smart, headstrong young woman who suffers no fools — Anthony Bridgerton very much included.” Anthony’s world will be rocked when the Sharma’s make their debut in London, alongside their mother Mary Sharma (Shelley Conn).  The trailer for the upcoming season also hinted at a major love triangle which could test the sister’s loyalty. The family of women will be travelling from India to participate in the social season and will find themselves entangled in the drama that comes with a whirlwind romance. Speaking to People.com about her character, Simone disclosed: “She listens to her own instincts and she's not easily swayed by what everyone else is doing. “We meet her in different vulnerable moments and discover her background a little bit more and the family trauma that she holds, there's a lot of common cause for an audience to relate to her,” she concluded. Bridgerton season 2 will be released on Netflix on March 25. 