Dr Tetyana, who did not want to use her full name, said colleagues were determined to stay and help for as long as possible. But she admitted the consequences of remaining in Kyiv could be "really, really sad". The brave doctor's comments come as a 35-hour curfew has been imposed in the capital after intense shelling. Her comments also come after the bombing of a maternity hospital in the city of Mariupol last week. Dr Tetyana said: "It's about making decisions. So you can be worried like one day, two days, three days, and on the third day, you should make a decision if you're staying or if you're leaving. "And if you are staying, you're staying no matter what happens, and you're trying to help as long as you can. "So just make a clear decision. Doctors who are staying in Kyiv, they will be ready to help patients, they made a decision to stay so they are going to face the consequences of their choice, and the consequences of their choice might be really, really sad." The doctor added that hospitals in Kyiv are prepared for military and civilian casualties. She said: "All the hospitals in Kyiv are now ready to accept civilians and military people. "Even if they were not, for example, specialised in traumatology they are ready now to do this. READ MORE: Woman dies with baby after being bombed by Putin "And a lot of private hospitals are saying that if you are wounded civilian or military due to the war we will not charge you, we will help you." Dr Tetyana told of how a child in a village near the city of Irpin - which is near Kyiv and has come under heavy bombardment - died after medics were unable to get to her. She said: "We had a call about a child with a gunshot wound in a village behind Irpin and we couldn't go there and get the child. "The idea is we are a capital city, with three million inhabitants, with highly technological hospitals, with very good kids' hospitals, and we couldn't go there and get that child because those territories right now are occupied. DON'T MISSUkraine horror as Russian troops take HUNDREDS hostage in Mariupol [INSIGHT]Putin 'bombs care home' days after children hospital [ANALYSIS]Boris Johnson delivers Zelensky hammer blow 'Not joining NATO' [VIDEO] "And I cannot forgive it, I will not forgive, and no one will actually." The doctor urged people not to forget about Ukraine as Vladimir Putin's attack continues. She said: "My message is please don't forget about us. It's normal for humans to sacrifice part of your time and your financial resources at the first moment to something like this and later just leading your usual life and forgetting, it's totally human. "But if you want to help, try to make an effort regularly if it's really what your heart tells you to do. "Because a lot of people will help us in the first week or the first month. It will last longer and we will need help for a longer time. "And don't forget about us because I think it's a situation in which we are not fighting just a national war but it's actually like in 1939, I don't think they will stop." A fundraiser has been set up by friends of Dr Tetyana outside of Ukraine to raise funds for urgent medical supplies needed in Kyiv. 