Victoria Beckham, 47, formerly known as a member of the Spice Girls has made a big name for herself as a fashion designer. The former Spice Girl looked more than glamorous as she posed in a black figure-hugging dress from her new Spring Summer collection. Victoria posted the stunning picture to her Instagram in view of her 29.5 followers. The black daring cut-out garment pulled in effortlessly at her petite waist. The cut-out detail met in the middle of her chest, leaving Victoria to put on an eye-popping display. She styled the maxi dress with a pair of white pointed heels, as her tanned complexion perfectly completed her attire. READ MORE: JK Rowling hits back as Putin likens her to Russia in bizarre rant Victoria went for a bronzed makeup palette, not to take attention away from her enviable physique. She wore her brown tresses in a middle parting and a soft wave as she modelled her new collection. The former Spice Girl captioned the post: "I love this dress from my Spring Summer collection, it’s super comfortable yet the cut-out detailing makes it feel special. "It also has a gorgeous racerback detail! x VB." Many social media users, including her husband, David Beckham took to the comment to tease and compliment the fashion designer. David joked: "How big are your feet @victoriabeckham." Houseofhorspool replied: "Wow! @davidbeckham I can't believe you were looking at her feet?!" Juliecathprice added: "You look stunning as always." DON'T MISS... 'They called it a tumour' Jasmine Harman addresses family struggles [HEALTH] Demi Rose sparks a social media frenzy in barely-there bikini [PICTURES] Piers Morgan makes 'exception' in cancel culture for Vladimir Putin [OPINION] Deborahatkins62 commented: "@victoriabeckham you look amazing and @davidbeckham you’re naughty." Victoria and David's son Brooklyn Beckham is getting married this year to actress Nicola Ann Peltz. The former Spice Girls best friend, Eva Longoria recently spoke out about the pair's planned attire for the big day. Eva was asked by the site People whether Victoria would style her on the big day. The Desperate Housewives star replied: "Yes, of course. I just go into her closet normally, and go, 'I need a dress.' "She usually tells me [what to wear]. "She's like, 'Do you like the black or the green?' And I say, 'Black.' She goes, 'Great. Green.'" The pair have been friends for years, with Eva even being Victoria and David's youngest, Harper Seven's godmother.