Houseplants have become increasingly popular in the UK, with most varieties requiring low maintenance to keep alive. However, it is important that gardeners clean their plant leaves as this is an excellent way to keep them healthy and ensure that their plant lasts for longer. Houseplant experts at Balcony Garden Web have shared a mayonnaise hack to clean dust from houseplants. The indoor plant experts said: “You must have encountered several tricks to raise lush and healthy indoor plants, but this mayonnaise houseplant trick is quite simple, time tested, and the best part is it’s very easy to follow! “This mayonnaise super trick for houseplants is all you need to grow beautiful and healthy indoor plants.” If a houseplant is left uncleaned for a long time, the dust accumulation on the leaf surface acts as a barrier for the plants. This restricts their ability to absorb the sunlight and carbon dioxide, affecting the process of photosynthesis. READ MORE: How to clean your fridge with baking soda and white vinegar Aesthetically, too, houseplants will look less attractive and dull. The houseplant experts said: “It is essential to follow a cleaning schedule for your plants every seven to 14 days to maintain their luster and shine. “This is when this mayonnaise trick for houseplants comes into play.” Here is a guide on how to use the mayonnaise hack to grow “healthy” houseplants. DON'T MISS: White vinegar for cleaning: 5 things vinegar and baking soda can clean [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [TIPS]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT] Put a small amount of mayo in a dish and add a little water to make a runny consistency. This is to make the solution easy to apply. Once you have the solution, dip a clean cotton cloth in the mixture and wipe the top of plant foliage with this. This will clean the dusty layer and give your plants’ foliage a shine like never before. Not only will this give you those amazing super-shiny leaves that you see on plants at the florist’s, mayonnaise is also super effective at breaking down and removing any built-up sticky gunk like sap, so it will make sure your plants’ leaves are extra clean. The last step is to wipe the leaves well so as not to leave any traces of mayonnaise on the leaf surface. They can just be cleaned with a microfibre cloth and tepid water. This “trick” is especially good for plants with wide, smooth leaves, such as the snake plants, ficus elephant ears and many more. The plant experts added: “The mild vinegar content in mayonnaise makes it a fantastic cleaning agent, and the vegetable oil traces and egg yolks bring luster to the leaf surface that is cleaned. “Not just that, it also helps you in removing buildup sap or identifying any developing disease.” Also, it’s important to apply it specifically on houseplants rather than outdoor plants This is because outdoor plants in the full sun might get irritated by the mayonnaise and sunlight reaction. 