John Cleese has criticised former president Donald Trump after he claimed he strengthened NATO during his time in charge. Taking to Twitter, the Monty Python comedian called these statements “delusional” in view of his 5.7 million followers. Cleese, who has been a vocal critic of Trump in the past, reacted to his statement overnight. He wrote: “Trump's delusional statements about how he strengthened NATO are competely demolished by Steve Benen's piece on MSNBC.” (sic) This follows a speech from Trump on Monday where he claimed he was behind improving NATO. In a statement he had said he had made “delinquent NATO members” start paying. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him He also claimed he sent Ukraine “Javelins” while other states sent “blankets”. The full statement reads: "I hope everyone is able to remember that it was me, as President of the United States, that got delinquent NATO members to start paying their dues, which amounted to hundreds of billions of dollars. "Also, it was me that got Ukraine the very effective anti-tank busters (Javelins) when the previous Administration was sending blankets. "Let History so note!"   However, many have taken issue with Trump’s claims. During his time as president, he wavered on his commitment to Article 5 of the NATO charter. This states that one member state attack symbolises an attack on all member states. His decisions on this caused ties with Europe to become strained. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [INSIGHT]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [PICTURES]'Are you kidding me?' Salma Hayek calls out Michael Keaton at SAGs [VIDEO]   Steve Benen, an MSNBC writer, shared his thoughts on this in an article yesterday. He penned: “Even by Trump standards, the claim-to-lie ratio on this one is amazing. Indeed, it’s effectively one-to-one. “Right off the bat, the fact that Trump still, even now, believes there were “delinquent NATO members” who were failing to pay “their dues” is a reminder that the Republican still doesn’t know how NATO works. “As he’s been told many times, there are no “dues.” “There are defense spending targets, and it was under the Obama administration that NATO members’ military investments started increasing.” (sic) Many of Cleese’s followers also shared their thoughts on this as they replied to his message. Alex Buckenham wrote: “He LITERALLY refused to affirm article 5, the meaning of which is an attack against a member is an attack against all.” Constant_reader added: “Trump is an idiot. “If he was in charge now NATO would've had a problem.” However, others took issue with his comments on MSNBC.  Matthew Chance wrote: “Wow MSNBC. They are so neutral and unbiased.” While Tommy Rowan wrote: “You were a comedian my parents introduced me to. “Loved every movie, Fawlty Towers and Flying Circus I ever saw. “Will always quote and watch all of them. But there’s zero reason for me to hear your politics. “Make the world better with your humor.” (sic) 