Rosie and Christopher Taylor-Davies say they have been forced to live in darkness with the curtains drawn after neighbour Simon Cook installed a Velux window. The couple said the fact the window did not use frosted glass meant they had to get undressed behind a bookcase, the only point on their top floor where they could not be seen from his new window. And "to add insult to injury", married dad Mr Cook occasionally puts a blonde mannequin dummy in the window, making it appear that it was watching over their home. At the High Court, a senior judge said it showed Mr Cook did not take his neighbours' privacy concerns seriously, but ruled he had not breached planning rules by installing an opening window with clear glass. The court heard Mr Cook applied for planning permission for the rooflight as part of works to his home close to Richmond Park, London in 2019. It involved a roof extension with dormer windows on both sides and at the back, but New Zealanders Mr and Mrs Taylor-Davies called the windows an "invasion of their privacy". The Velux "directly overlooks our bed," they said, claiming they would be "overlooked day and night" where they sleep and shower, and Mrs Taylor-Davies, 62, studies. In February 2020, Wandsworth council gave Mr Cook planning permission for his extension, but said the dormer window should have obscured glass and be non-opening. However, council officers waived those rules for the Velux, because it "faces the sky" and would have less impact on neighbours. Challenging the council's decision not to take "enforcement action" to make Mr Cook obscure the rooflight glass, their barrister Stephen Whale argued before High Court judge, Mrs Justice Lang that the window had robbed them of privacy. He said their neighbour had "added insult to injury" by sometimes positioning a blonde mannequin in the window. He added: "It serves to give the impression, as presumably he intends, that there is a person at the window overlooking their property." Giving judgment, Mrs Justice Lang said there was nothing in the planning conditions obliging Mr Cook to obscure the glass. After the hearing, Mr Taylor-Davies, a software designer, 59, said: "We've lived here for more than 20 years, but might have to move.We can't take a shower or get dressed without being overlooked." Mr Cook was not a party to the case which was an attempt - via judicial review - to get the council to take action against him.