Retired Ukrainian tennis player Sergiy Stakhovsky, who has returned to his home country to fight, joined Naga Munchetty on BBC Breakfast on Thursday live from Kyiv. Naga quizzed the retired sportsman on the difficult decision he had to make in leaving his family behind to fight but BBC Breakfast viewers slammed the host for the “uncomfortable” line of questioning. Naga began: “You left your wife, your children as well in Hungary what have you told them? What have you told your children?” Sergiy replied: “I didn’t say nothing to my children I was trying to be as brief as I can. “They were watching cartoons and reading when I was leaving so I was not trying to distract them. “The hardest part was [my son] because when he saw me leaving the door I didn’t take any gear with me just a backpack and he asked where am I going and I said, ‘I’ll be right back’. Read more: Dan Walker admits concerns about BBC Breakfast co-stars' secret chat “We’re really close he likes to spend time with me and I knew if I said I’m going somewhere he’s going to start crying and saying to come back. “So I told him, ‘I’ll be right back,’ and I hope I will be right back.” Continuing, Naga asked: “How old is he?” Sergiy replied: “Three.” “How long have you been away from home?” Naga questioned before the retired tennis player confirmed it had been five days. “This is heartbreaking and I wonder what conversations you are able to have with your wife and what she is able to tell your children,” Naga commented. Sergiy, who appeared visibly emotional, replied: “Well she was upset and mad. We talk now which is an improvement I just hope one day she will forgive me for what I have done. “I’m not sure I would forgive myself but it was a no-win scenario for me if I would have stayed I wouldn’t have forgiven myself and I can’t forgive myself now I’m here.” BBC Breakfast viewers took to social media to share their support for the former Ukrainian tennis player and hit out at Naga for continuing to question Sergiy about his family. DON'T MISSDan Walker forced to apologise as BBC guest drops F-bomb [VIDEO]BBC Breakfast's Rachel Burden hits back at 'free speech' criticism [INSIGHT]Schoolgirl stuns BBC viewers as she begs for end to war [INTERVIEW] @Alex94744957 tweeted: “@BBCBreakfast Naga is devoid of all tact & sensitivity. This man is already tearing himself apart & yet he still gets drilled Sad very sad.” (sic) “@BBCBreakfast Heartbreaking decision he had to make.  Naga's questionning him on his decision to leave his wife and children was uncomfortable to watch,” Alison Skinner added. (sic) Mike Wilkes asked: “@TVNaga01, Please don’t torture Sergiy Stakhovsky on live @BBCBreakfast about having to choose between his young family and defending his country. “He’s made the ultimate personal sacrifice, he’s a hero, but he’s also human, and obviously very upset. Give him a break.” “What an awful interview. Naga Munchetty picking at an emotional scab. Poor Sergei Stahivsky I really feel for him. #BBCBreakfast,” Ken Norman remarked. “#BBCBreakfast Naga,Naga,Naga,I can understand the interest in wanting to interview Sergiy Stakhovsky as he's a well known Ukrainian athlete but the line that you took in asking him questions made uncomfortable viewing & you could see his emotions are all over the place,” @pritanirebel said. (sic) However, Louise Rowntree wrote: “Well that was heartbreaking: thank you @bbcbreakfast for this simple, blunt, interview about the horrific choices people are being forced to make.” BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.