With demand for properties so high right now, Britons are paying higher prices than ever for their dream home. The UK’s average house price has reached a new record high of £278,123, according to Halifax. Those selling their homes can make “immediate” changes to boost their property price by a further £55,000. Whether homeowners are looking to sell their property now or are likely to in the future, knowing how to add value to a home is an important insight. Estate agents at Fine and Country have shared which improvements will make the biggest impact on the value of your property. Adding extra space to any home is a sure way to increase house value. Janie O’Shea from Fine & Country Grantham explained how this can “give an instant” boost to a property’s value. She said: “For immediate improvements, square footage is key. “Adding an extension to your home gives an instant boost to your property’s value. READ MORE: Property: The ‘tremendous’ feature to ‘instantly’ add property value “If you do choose to extend, self-contained annexes are very popular and often have accommodation for family members or fun cinema rooms. “Or you could extend upwards into the loft to create a beautiful master bedroom with a slanted roof.” Janie noted that a two bedroom self-contained annexe could give your home a 20 percent value boost. Properties have added value when homes have rooms that appeal to potential buyers. Janie said: “Remember that the primary function of your house is to be a home, so the places to spend time together are the most valued. DON'T MISS: 'Now is the perfect time' to sow popular flower - 'really great' [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [COMMENT]Lawn care: 'Most successful’ hack for removing mushrooms from grass [EXPERT] “It’s a good idea to focus on improving rooms that the whole family can use together, so garden rooms and kitchen enhancements are an obvious choice. “Varied rooms to relax with your family are also very appealing to buyers, so it can be a good investment.” The property expert suggested that a garden room could give your home a 15 percent value boost. A new kitchen can really make a difference to the house. Simon Bradbury from Fine & Country St Neots explained that this really appeals to potential buyers. He said: “Potential buyers tend to spend the most of their time inspecting this room when they are viewing a property, and high quality finishings can help persuade them that it’s the right house for them.” However Simon highlighted that improving a kitchen doesn’t have to mean an expensive redesign of the whole room. He continued: “If a brand new kitchen isn’t going to be time or cost effective, consider just replacing the cupboards or reconditioning what you already have. “People spend so much time in the kitchen that, whatever you do, it’s important that it looks appealing.” A brand new kitchen could give your home an eight percent value boost, according to the experts. Open-plan living is becoming increasingly popular, according to Stephen Binder from Fine & Country Grantham. He said: “People love to see light and space when looking around properties, so open plan is the way to go. “Buyers are particularly fond of open-plan interiors paired with older exteriors, so knocking down a few walls to create large living areas could maximise the added value.” Open plan living spaces could give your home a five percent value boost, according to estate agents.