Hollywood star Alec Baldwin has reached out to stand-up comedian Chris Rock to offer his support after the star was slapped by King Richard actor Will Smith during the Oscars on Sunday evening. Alec, 63, reportedly sent "love" to the comic in a post made on his private Twitter account. In view of his one million followers, the It's Complicated actor reportedly compared Sunday's prestigious award ceremony to the American talk show, The Jerry Springer show. Alec wrote: "I’m not reading much about how, or even if, the producers attended to Chris. "But I love you, Chris Rock. "I’m sorry the Oscars turned into The Jerry Springer Show," he ended his post, according to Metro. READ MORE: Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis It comes after Aladdin actor Will slapped Chris during the Oscars ceremony. Ahead of issuing the documentary feature award, the funnyman made a joke about Will's wife Jada Pinkett Smith's battle with alopecia. Referencing Jada's shaved head, Chris said: "Jada, I love you. GI Jane 2, can’t wait to see you." However, following the remarks a furious Will stormed on stage and slapped Chris across the face. After marching back to his seat, The Pursuit of Happyness star could be seen yelling: "Keep my wife's name out of your f***ing mouth!" at the comedian. A day after the incident, Will took to Instagram to express “regret” over his actions at the awards ceremony and also explain why the joke was “too much for [him] to bear”. He wrote in view of his 61.9 million followers: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. "Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally," he explained. DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [INSIGHT]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [ANALYSIS]James Jordan brands Will Smith ‘thug’ as he questions Oscars slap [UPDATE] Will went on: "I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong." "I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness," he penned. He continued: "I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. “I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. "I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us. “I am a work in progress. "Sincerely, Will," he signed off his post. Following the incident, Will went on to win the Oscar for best actor in King Richard, and comedian Chris is reportedly not pressing charges against the star.