The London Marathon is one of the most famous marathons in the world, and this October the race returns for those lucky enough to get a place. More than 350,000 people entered the ballot to take part in October, but there is still hope for those who were not lucky enough to get one. Only 40,000 places are allocated via the ballot each year - but there are other ways you can gain entry to the world-famous race. This year’s marathon takes place on October 2, 2022. This is the last time the race will take place in the autumn - it will revert back to its usual slot in the spring from 2023 onwards. The race was moved due to the coronavirus pandemic in 2021, as the UK was under heavy restrictions when the race was due to take place.  READ MORE: War veteran takes on world record 200 marathons The iconic route remains the same however, starting in Greenwich, taking in numerous sightseeing hotspots and landmarks. The Cutty Sark, Tower Bridge, Big Ben and Buckingham Palace will all be passed on the famous route. The results of ballot, which took place after the previous race in 2021, has now been released - with lucky placeholders informed of their luck on Monday morning. But if you haven’t managed to bag a place, do not fear. There is still a way to join the event as a participant. Plenty of those running in the marathon run for charity, raising money for a variety of worthy causes. Those who are officially tied to a charity can still bag themselves a place, as these are not part of the annual ballot. Seeking charity entry isn’t as easy as applying for the ballot, however.  DON'T MISSRice water for hair growth: Does it work? Fact-checked [INSIGHT]Camping laws that could see Britons fined [REPORT]How to save petrol while driving: 5 ways to drive more economically [EXPLAINER] Charities are awarded places for runners to apply for. It’s at the discretion of the charity who they want to run on their behalf. Those who want to run for charities will often need to explain their reasoning and association with the charity. They will also need to commit to raising a large amount of money - usually around £2,000, as a condition of entry to the race. There is also usually a registration fee that is non-refundable to secure your place with the charity - this can be any amount up to around £100. There are plenty of charities that provide places for suitable runners: a small sample includes Asthma + Lung UK, Make A Wish, Mind, British Heart Foundation, National Autistic Society, and many more. A list of charities with places available, as well as information about the causes they support and how to apply can be found here.