Tottenham Hotspur manager Antonio Conte urged Mikel Arteta to remember his side’s cancellation of the north London derby, after the Arsenal boss complained about the fixture schedule. The former Manchester City assistant sarcastically thanked the Premier League after his side’s 2-0 home defeat to Liverpool. Their clash against Jurgen Klopp’s took place three days after the Gunners’ comfortable 2-0 victory over Leicester City. And with another tricky away trip to Steven Gerrard’s in-form Aston Villa side on Sunday, Arteta was left furious by his side’s schedule. Arsenal are currently locked in a very tight battle for fourth position with Manchester United, West Ham United, and Tottenham. But his Spurs’ counterpart Conte had very little sympathy or patience for Arteta’s frustration. "I only want to remember [remind] Arteta the game that we postponed - Tottenham v Arsenal, okay,” Conte said in his pre-match press conference for Spurs’ match against West Ham. “Yes, if we speak about fair or unfair, okay, and, I stop. In general I think my answer is enough. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo 'makes final decision on Man Utd future' "Okay? It is enough. If someone want to speak about fair or unfair. We postponed a game Tottenham v Arsenal, if you remember. I don't forget this and I think it is not right to speak about fair or unfair." Arsenal postponed the fiercely awaited north London derby which was supposed to take place in January. The contest was postponed soon after the Premier League accepted Arsenal’s application to postpone the match. In a statement released on the Arsenal website, the Gunners stated it was postponed as a result of many players being: unavailable as a result of COVID-19, existing and recent injuries, in addition to players away with their countries at AFCON.” Spurs responded to the news with a firm statement of their own, stating that they were “extremely surprised” by the decision to accept Arsenal’s request."The original intention of the guidance was to deal with player availability directly affected by COVID cases, resulting in depleted squads that when taken together with injuries would result in the club being unable to field a team," a furious statement from Spurs said. READ MORE: Antonio Conte comes under fire from ex-tennis player Sergiy Stakhovsky "We do not believe it was the intent to deal with player availability unrelated to COVID. We may now be seeing the unintended consequences of this rule. It is important to have clarity and consistency on the application of the rule." Three months on from the cancelation, the second North London Derby is yet to have been re-scheduled. Arsenal’s away trip to Aston Villa will be their third Premier League match in six days. And the exasperated Gunners’ boss said this situation cannot be compared to sides who have to juggle Premier League and European matches at the same time. "I heard some comments about mixing up being away in Europe and how it's nothing new," Arteta said. "It's nothing new to me but I'm not complaining about Europe. “I'm complaining about the Premier League and how you schedule games in the Premier League. When you are in Europe it's a different story. What I'm comparing is the Premier League and it's very difficult."