Columnist Jane Atkinson hit out at the Duke of Sussex for not returning to the UK for Prince Philip's memorial service later this month amid a legal row over police protection. Ms Atkinson claimed Harry was "rubbing salt in the wound" by heading to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games in April, despite not travelling to Britain for the event at Westminster Abbey on March 29. The columnist said: "To really rub salt in the wound, on Friday night, after snubbing the Queen, his spokesman revealed that Harry would fly to the Netherlands three weeks after the memorial for the Invictus Games. "And a few days ago he was in Texas for a rodeo. "So presumably it is only the UK with security issues. "This is a service arranged by an ailing grandmother so that everyone her husband loved can be together in one room for a celebration of his life. "Harry will not get a second chance at this. "He really needs the talking-to of his life — and the Duke of Edinburgh would have been the man to give it to him." Ms Atkinson's comments in the Sun come after a spokesperson for Harry confirmed on Friday he will miss his grandfather's memorial service. READ MORE: Harry's heartbreak over UK visit as 'mentor' unwell The Duke hopes to visit his grandmother the Queen soon, the spokesperson added. Harry will attend the Invictus Games in The Hague in a few weeks. A video posted on social media on Saturday shows him getting in the spirit for his trip to the Netherlands. In the clip, the Duke learns Dutch during a video call with four other people before revealing that he is wearing an entirely orange outfit. DON'T MISSQueen urged to remove Prince Harry and Prince Andrew as counsellors [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan slammed as Sussexes 'respond to issue of the day [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry's upcoming project's 'unfortunate timing' sparks warning [VIDEO] Harry's decision not to attend Philip's memorial service comes as he is involved in a legal battle over his security arrangements when he is in the UK. He is bringing a High Court challenge against a Home Office decision not to allow him to personally pay for police protection for himself and his family in Britain. Harry wants to bring his son Archie and daughter Lilibet to visit from California, but his lawyers say they are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous. He is arguing that his private protection team in the US does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep his family safe. The Sussexes lost their taxpayer-funded police protection after quitting as working royals in 2020. 