The Sunday Express has learnt that Home Secretary Priti Patel has been briefed about the threat by intelligence and security chiefs as the UK prepares to welcome thousands of refugees. The security threat has held up refugees from being allowed into the UK. A source close to the Home Secretary said: “‘We have to be vigilant. Russia will use any opportunity to take advantage of this crisis. The priority of the Home Office will always be to maintain the safety of British nationals.” Ms Patel referenced the problem in her speech at the Conservative spring conference in Blackpool, reminding the audience that the Russian president ordered the use of a nerve agent attack in Salisbury just four years ago. She said: “I have been asked why we couldn’t suspend security checks on people escaping Putin’s war. Times of conflict emphasise our need to remain watchful. “I know from the briefings I receive from the intelligence and security services that instability around the world brings with it greater threats. I sign warrants daily from our security and intelligence agencies relating to the extreme danger this country faces from all kinds of terrorism, serious organised crime and state threats. “Russia has a history of covert, hostile activity. I am afraid it is naive and misguided to think that only men can be covert operatives or that refugee flows would not be subjected to exploitation. “There are those who would come to this country who mean us harm, and who plot to strike at our way of life. “The processes that we have put in place closely follow the advice of our intelligence and security services. They mean we can help Ukrainians in need, without making our country less safe. “State threats and terrorism take many forms. They thrive on indifference and appeasement. And we are now seeing them supplemented by new types of targeted biological and chemical weapons, cyber warfare, ransomware and online threats. “We will never take our eye off the ball when it comes to the security of our country.”