Following the introduction of London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone, a number of cities have followed suit, implementing their own localised versions of a Clean Air Zone. Despite their environmental benefits, Safa Alkateb, CEO of Autocab, warned that they could lead to an even greater loss of taxi drivers as a result of the high charges. To drive through Birmingham’s CAZ, taxi drivers face a daily charge of £8, compared to £9 in Bath and £10 in Portsmouth. Before its postponement, taxi and private hire drivers would have been charged £7.50 to drive inside Greater Manchester’s 500-square mile charging zone. Mr Alkateb highlighted the impacts emissions-based charging zones are having on drivers and what it could mean if they become more common. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “More support is needed with recent regulatory changes – brought in by both central Government and local authorities – that are impacting drivers, such as Clean Air Zones and HMRC tax checks. READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water “These regulations are aimed at solving individual issues in the industry, such as carbon emissions and the hidden economy. “However, when combined and paired with the cost-of-living crisis, what they actually achieve is a strategic failure. “There are now too many barriers being presented to new drivers, which is making the existing shortage worse. “[This is] increasing public safety risks, limiting accessible transport for those with disabilities, and potentially leading to failures in important public services like non-emergency hospital transport and school runs for children who need assistance.” DON'T MISSDad's fury as 'holidaying' stranger parks car on his driveway for days [SHOCKING]Drivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [COMMENT]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT] Many drivers have protested against emissions-based charging zones, as seen with London’s ULEZ and the now-delayed Manchester CAZ. Hundreds of taxi drivers took part in protests in February to protest against the charges in Greater Manchester, with motorists in Salford, Manchester and Rochdale all making their voices heard. Safa Alkateb continued, saying: “I think we can all agree that Clean Air Zones serve an important purpose in meeting key sustainability targets, but the way these are being rolled out is not feasible for drivers. “Telling someone whose livelihood is driving that they must go out and buy an expensive electric vehicle simply creates another reason to leave the industry. “Especially when you take into account that an entry-level Nissan Leaf is not suited to the daily wear and tear of taxi driving. “With this approach, we are effectively giving drivers another reason to exit the industry for good.” The taxi driver shortage has had a huge impact on the industry and the general public. According to data from Autocab, 70 percent of people said they have struggled or completely failed to book a taxi ride since December 2021. More than one quarter of those were trying to attend a medical appointment, something which taxis have become a key resource for in recent years. Aqeel Arshad, Director at Street Cars Manchester, said: “Being based in Manchester, we are expecting a huge impact on our own drivers with the introduction of Clean Air Zones. “These will increase the barriers for entry into our industry – which is already struggling to recruit new talent – by imposing even more costs on new and existing drivers. “We are already facing issues with a national driver shortage, so Clean Air Zones will surely complicate this matter further. “The introduction of these complicated charges will also place more pressure on drivers who have been forced to work cross-border due to the lack of support from their local council. “There is unclear messaging surrounding the impending regulations and this does not suit the needs of the countless private hire drivers and their respective operators who have been left in the dark regarding this. “For operators in Manchester, there will be no other option but for this cost to be passed down to customers.” Taxi drivers across the country have previously called on the Government to help ease pressures on the industry and help resolve the worsening driver shortage.