Kim (played by Tameka Empson) has been doing her best to pursue a career as a successful businesswoman over the past few years on EastEnders. As well as working at her sister, Denise Fox's (Diane Parish) salon, she has been trying to promote her Kim-fluencer venture on social media as well as her Fox Catcher dating service. However, neither has given her a great source of income and in upcoming scenes on the BBC soap, she could be forced to reconsider her future on the Square. The drama begins as she continues to think about how she is going to pay for her daughter, Pearl Fox-Hubbard's (Arayah Harris-Buckle) school fees. As the youngster is now at a private school, having been scouted because of her incredible intelligence, Kim has an added expense to pay out for. In recent weeks, she has been thinking of ways to win the school board over to give her daughter a scholarship so her fees will be paid for. Through the form of a video, Kim has been trying to highlight the ways in which her daughter stands out from the crowd and should be rewarded with a scholarship. Howie Danes (Delroy Atkinson) offers some assistance in next week's episodes as he helps edit the footage Kim has collected. READ MORE: Emmerdale couple Marcus Dean and Ethan Anderson torn apart by Robert? However, the newcomer becomes annoyed over Kim's dramatics and he soon takes action to put Pearl front and centre of the video. Howie asks the schoolgirl what she likes about the school and this helps him to formulate a plan on how she could win the scholarship. Without Kim's permission, he makes some changes to her original video but this could prove to be detrimental to the cause. Following on from the official soap spoilers, Express.co.uk has come up with a theory that could see Kim leave the Square. After she discovers what Howie has done to her video, Kim could decide she isn't going to submit it to the school board. Confronting Howie, she could bring up his past with regards to how he helped cover up her husband, Vincent Hubbard's (Richard Blackwood) death. Kim could tell him he has no right to think he knows better than she does over what's right for her daughter and would delete the video he has edited. Submitting her original footage, Kim could soon receive a letter that tells her Pearl will not be receiving a scholarship. With her plan in tatters to help her daughter, Kim could find herself in mountains of debt as her bills have just been piling up over the past few months. As the school fees are also added to the pile, the mother of two could realise there is no way out of her problems than to run. DON'T MISS...EastEnders star Danny Dyer's horror after stealing £109 of petrol [COMMENT]EastEnders' Jessica Plummer forgoes underwear in daring lace-up gown [PICTURES]Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine [COMMENT] Packing up her bags, she could make a plan to move to Scotland where she and her children will take on new identities to avoid being found by those who want money from her. This would leave Denise in a quandary as she wouldn't have known her sister was going through such difficulties with money. Once Kim has left Walford, her sister could discover all the notices she has received, asking her to make payments or face prison time. As Kim is nowhere to be found, the debts could be placed in Denise's name as she would be her sister's next of kin. With problems of her own to deal with after discovering her daughter, Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) was being abused by her husband, this would be the last thing Denise needed. Will the business owner have to consider selling the salon to cover the payments needed to clear her sister's increasing debt? If she did do this, Denise would want to track down Kim to get answers as to why she was left in the lurch. Using Jack Branning's (Scott Maslen) connections within the police force, Denise could try to track down her younger sibling. As she realises her sister could be going under a name she used to call herself as a child, Denise would be shocked to learn she is now living in Scotland. Making the trip up north, will the businesswoman be able to talk her sister into coming home and will she help Kim get back on her feet following her debt problems? Speaking about Kim's future on the show last year, former executive producer Jon Sen said: "We also have something in store for the Truemans and Kim. "Tameka Empson has lit up our screens for the last few months with comedic joy, but we're going to see Kim embark on a much more dramatic storyline. "Which is great as we will see Tameka have another string to her bow because she's a brilliant actress, so it will be great to see." At the time, he didn't tell The Mirror exactly what this would entail so could he have been hinting at the character getting into huge amounts of debt? EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7:30pm on BBC One.