She died after a battle with cancer, her family said in a statement. They added she was "surrounded by friends and family" when she died.The statement said: "We have lost a loving mother, grandmother, sister, aunt and friend."  But they continued to highlight her political career, adding she was a "tireless champion of democracy and human rights". Ms Albright was a key figure of the Democratic administration led by former US President Bill Clinton, forming US policy for the post-Cold War period. She first served as the US Ambassador to the United Nations, before becoming a staple as America's most important diplomat. Ms Albright was appointed to the position of Secretary of State by then-President Clinton in 1996.  For this four-year period, she was the highest-ranking woman in the US government. During her political career, Ms Albright pushed for NATO expansion and the US as a promoter of democratic values. She was awarded the Medal of Freedom in 2012 by Barack Obama, which is America's highest civilian honour. Tributes have been gushing in for Ms Albright, with former tennis player Billie Jean King praising her "brilliant mind" and "trailblazing spirit". READ MORE: 'This is huge' Putin faces 'biggest defeat' yet A Department of State spokesperson said: "The impact that she has had on this building is felt every single day in just about every single corner…she was a trailblazer." A number of US Representatives have praised the life and career of Ms Albright, including Rep. Jerry Nadler, who tweeted: "A tragic loss for our nation & the entire world. "Madeleine Albright broke barriers as the first woman to serve as Secretary of State. "She did so with honor and dignity, championing human rights everywhere.  DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as Russian soldiers 'refuse to fight' [LIVE] Putin 'facing massive mutiny' his own FSB secret service [REPORT] Jet2 passenger sparks mid-air chaos 'Don't ****ing touch me!' - VIDEO [WATCH] "History & the American people will remember her tremendous contributions."  Ms Albright was born in Czechoslovakia, and moved from Prague to the US in 1948. As she was not born in the US, she could not pursue the position of president, but was the first woman to steer US foreign policy. During her tenure as Secretary of State, she pushed for US military intervention across the globe, including in Kosovo.  She pressed the US administration for involvement in Bosnia-Herzegovina, when the US was reluctant to wade into international conflicts after the Vietnam War. She also met with high-profile global leaders, including Kim Jong-il in North Korea in 2000. Ms Albright's family's full statement read: "We are heartbroken to announce that Dr. Madeleine K. Albright, the 64th U.S. Secretary of State and the first woman to hold that position, passed away earlier today. "The cause was cancer.  "She was surrounded by family and friends. We have lost a loving mother, grandmother, sister, aunt, and friend. "Madeleine Albright, born Marie Jana Korbelova, was a native of Prague who came to the United States as a refugee in 1948 and rose to the heights of American policy-making, receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2012, the nation's highest civilian honour. "A tireless champion of democracy and human rights, she was at the time of her death a professor at Georgetown University's School of Foreign Service, chair of Albright Stonebridge Group, part of Dentons Global Advisors, chair of Albright Capital Management, president of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation, chair of the National Democratic Institute, chair of the US Defence Policy Board, and an author. "She founded the Albright Institute for Global Affairs at Wellesley College, served as a lifetime trustee of The Aspen Institute, and was a member of the chapter of the Washington National Cathedral. She was 84 years old." 