George Russell has claimed Lewis Hamilton is “incredibly fast” after going up against the seven-time champion for the first time at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Russell admitted Hamilton was “very quick” in qualifying and the race and was “pretty impressive” across the weekend. The former Williams driver said he “wasn't quite on his pace” in the season-opening race but warned Hamilton he was not “a million miles away”. When asked if there was stuff he could learn from his seven-time champion team-mate, Russell replied: “Definitely." Speaking to Channel 4, he added: “There’s always things to learn. He’s a brilliant example, he always seems to be getting better and better and better and every year I feel like I’m the best version of myself. I feel a better driver this year than I did last year and I’m sure I’ll be a better driver at the end of this year than I am currently. “So it's never-ending, that's the brilliant thing about Formula 1, the cars are always different year-on-year, tyres are always different, it's always constantly evolving. But, yeah he’s definitely incredibly fast. READ MORE: Valtteri Bottas' seven-word WhatsApp message to Toto Wolff “He’s definitely pretty impressive, I definitely wasn’t quite on his pace this weekend but I don’t think I was a million miles away. But Lewis knows how to turn it on at the right moment and he was definitely very quick in the race today and he was definitely very quick yesterday in qualifying. “I expect nothing less but that's what I'm here for. I’m here to go up against the best.” Mercedes struggled for pace in Bahrain with the team the third-fastest car all weekend. Hamilton and Russell benefited from late retirements from Sergio Perez and Max Verstappen to jump into third and fourth. It means despite the issues, Mercedes are second in the points standings behind Ferrari who secured a one-two in the race. Russell starred for Willaims last year with standout qualifying performances at Britain, Belgian and Russia. DON'T MISSMercedes plan to 'take a chainsaw' to Lewis Hamilton's car [INSIGHT]'Did you speak to Bottas?' - Christian Horner aims dig at Mercedes [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton and Russell's main problem highlighted by Coulthard [ANALYSIS] However, he warned there was “no more pressure” on him despite jumping up to the top team. He added: “You go out every single time to deliver your best and every year I guess defines you. There’s no more pressure, the only pressure is on myself and I'm just here to do the best job possible and go out, pick up a load of points and try and fight for some victories.”