Esteban Ocon has been subjected to vile abuse on social media following his sixth-placed finish at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on Sunday. Alpine driver Ocon claimed eight points as he finished just ahead of McLaren's Lando Norris. Just five laps into Sunday’s race, Ocon refused to allow his Alpine team-mate Fernando Alonso to overtake him as the pair battled for position. And the incident nearly resulted in the Spaniard slamming into a wall at the side of the track. Two laps later, Alonso did get the better of Ocon, but the French driver refused to cede as he fought his team-mate around two corners before finally giving up the ghost. Ocon was well within his rights to compete with Alonso, who was eventually forced to retire from the race due to a power issue. But some fans didn’t see it that way. Ocon took to Instagram in the aftermath of the race to post a picture of the two Alpine drivers in action. “P6 in Jeddah,” wrote the delighted 25-year-old. “Happy with today and leaving with more points in the bag. Enjoyed the wheel-to-wheel racing with Fernando and I’m sure there will be more of that this season! “A shame we couldn't put both cars in the points but we’re showing we’re competitive and that’s what’s important. Can’t wait for the next one.” READ MORE: Red Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GP  And fans on social media sent a torrent of abuse the way of Ocon. “Dirty driver,” hissed @bastianbarria, while another @mikigasparotta penned: “Stupid clown, you let Russell get away and Bottas close in. What is wrong with you?” And a third, @fcbayern.collector, wrote: “Great teamwork Esteban. Fernando did everything to help you win in Hungary. And this is your thanks? Fernando was much faster, why didn’t you let him pass? You ruined his race.” A whole host of trolls then replied to Ocon’s post with pig face emojis, clown face emojis and even middle finger emojis. DON'T MISSRed Bull's Christian Horner has no sympathy for 'struggling' Mercedes [COMMENT]Christian Horner makes reliability prediction about Mercedes [INSIGHT]George Russell demands Mercedes improvement as he issues title verdict [ANALYSIS]  Ocon joined Alpine in 2020 when they were branded as Renault following a two-year stint with Force India and a year as a Mercedes reserve driver. The ace has 91 F1 races under his belt and claimed his maiden victory at last year’s Hungarian Grand Prix after multiple collisions on the opening corner of the first lap wreaked havoc. Ocon went on to finish 11th in the championship standings last season and is sixth this time around after claiming points in each of the first two races. 