The latest figures from Rightmove have revealed that the housing market has continued to go from strength to strength for sellers. Despite the ongoing financial impacts of the Covid pandemic, homes within the British Isles have maintained their growth rate into 2022. So, what exactly has the data revealed? How much did your house reportedly rise in value this month? According to the real estate firm, the average valuation of a property coming to market jumped by 1.7 percent (+£5,760) this month to £354,564. In fact, the average monthly rise is the largest seen at this time of year since March 2004. Consequently, the annual rate of increase grew to 10.4 percent, with all regions and countries except London and Scotland now up over 10 percent annually. Rightmove explained that for several reasons this is the best ever spring sellers’ market for those looking to move.  READ MORE: UK heading for famine and civil war ‘disaster beyond imagination’ First, there is thought to be more than twice as many buyers as sellers giving way to the biggest mismatch between supply and demand that has ever been measured by the business. The likelihood of finding a buyer in the first week is also at its highest point ever, and twice as likely compared to the same period in 2019. However, the firm did caution that it’s still too early to understand the knock-on effects of the war in Ukraine regarding the behaviour of home-buyers. So, has the value of your property gone up in March? Read on to find out if your area has benefited from the growth in house prices.  The following 10 UK regions witnessed house price growth in March 2022: DON'T MISS: EU savaged after Verhofstadt wades into Boris backlash [EXPLAINED]RAF Emergency: High alert as plane sounds 7700 ‘Squawk’ code [NEWS]Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry [LIVE]  In comparison, the growth rate in London fell by 0.4 percent, giving an average house price of £664,400. Commenting on the results Tim Bannister, Rightmove’s Director of Property Data said: “There’s a hat-trick of reasons for home-owners to follow the normal trend and make it their goal to sell this spring. “Firstly, the potential to achieve a record price for their property. Secondly, the imbalance between high buyer demand compared to low available property supply is the greatest that we have ever seen for the start of a spring market, meaning that the chance of being able to pick and choose between several suitable buyers is strong. “Thirdly, the proportion of properties finding a buyer within the first week is also at an all-time high for this time of year, so sellers with an appropriately priced and well- presented property can expect a shorter marketing period than the norm.  “Those who weren’t ready to take advantage of last year’s rush now have another chance to get on the market while these conditions last. “Many of those who are selling in this record-breaking market obviously also face the prospect of buying again in the same market, and being in fierce competition against other buyers. “Having a buyer for your own property, subject to contract, puts those who are buying again in a powerful position compared to buyers who have yet to sell, and agents report that these ‘power buyers’ are more likely to get the property that they want and negotiate the bestdeal on price.” 