Pensioners appear to have been forced to dip into their pensions more frequently of late. The average value of income withdrawals from pensions in drawdown with interactive investor rose in January and February this year, as the cost of living crisis came down hard on older people living off their pension pots. The January 2022 pension withdrawal average of £1,944 was up by 25 percent on the long-run average January withdrawal payment of £1,559. Withdrawals in February were up seven percent to £1,910 compared with the average withdrawal for the previous four February’s of £1,787. At the same time, the average value of a self-invested personal pension (SIPP) held on the platform among those aged 60 and over fell by 8.9 percent from a peak of £321,512 at the end of December 2021 to £293,013 at the end of February 2022. This was believed to be the result of falls in the value of the stock market at the beginning of the year, preceding the war in Ukraine. READ MORE: ‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze and £400 per week By March 10, the average SIPP value for over 60s had fallen further to £284,230, marking a total decline since the start of the year of 11.6 percent. This "double depletion" effect of falling stock market values combined with an increase in living costs could be troubling for those who are dependent on their pensions for income or who are due to retire soon. Becky O’Connor, Head of Pensions and Savings at interactive investor, said: “All investors are stuck between a rock and a hard place, but none more so than retirees trying to live off their pensions. “Not only do older people face a disproportionate impact on their living standards because of the greater than average proportion they spend on essentials such as energy and food, they are also more exposed to the slings and arrows of global stock market fortunes. DON'T MISSPayment warning: Shoppers may have their credit and debit cards declined from Monday [WARNING]Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [ALERT]State pension warning: Pensioners could miss out on almost £500 as 7 changes due in April [WARNING] “For those who are in drawdown, their investments are their income. “For retirees, watching the value of a pension pot going up and down is like watching a bank balance rising and falling without you having done anything at all. Scary, in other words.” Ms O’Connor believes the changing pensions landscape could force people to rethink their strategy for making their money last. She said: “What we are likely to see over the coming months is retired people paying more attention than ever to that fine balance between withdrawing what they need to cover living costs and keeping enough in the pot to sustain them for their whole retirement. “Annuity rates may be creeping up as interest rates rise, but still remain unappealing, particularly now that stock market falls have dented fund values. “Many will feel they have no choice but to leave their money invested for as long as possible to wait for a recovery.” Ms O’Connor also offered some tips on what Britons can do to beat the ‘double depletion’ effect on pensions. She urged people to take out as little from their pension as necessary, adding: “Investment losses are only investment losses once the investments are sold.” She continued: “Consider carefully the timing of larger withdrawals and base your withdrawal amounts on seasonal changes in spending, for example, consider withdrawing less in the months when the heating isn’t on. “Remember stock markets can rise and fall in value, but high inflation is eating away at cash savings every day, so dependence on cash is not the answer to value depletion, either. “Don’t panic. When recovery comes, the only way to benefit from it is to remain invested.” Ms O’Connor encouraged people with a self-invested personal pension to review the risk level of their portfolio and consider how they might want to adjust this when the time is right, according to your plans to take an income. She also urged Britons to seek independent financial advice, such as from Pension Wise, the free Government pension guidance service.