The Witchfinder will transport viewers to 1645 England where the plague is rife and civilians are left hungry thanks to the effects of the Civil War. Nevertheless, there is a job to be done in catching witches and failing witchfinder Gideon Bannister (played by Tim Key) is hoping to turn his luck around with this latest catch. Here's everything you need to know to watch the BBC comedy. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Witchfinder. In the 17th Century, superstition was everywhere and outsiders were scapegoated, with many accused of witchcraft. During this time, witchfinding as a career blossomed with individuals labelled as "heroes" for capturing witches and extracting confessions from them. Down on his luck, pompous Gideon Bannister gets hold of suspected witch Thomasine Gooch (Daisy May Cooper) so he can transport her to a trial that could change his fortunes. Unlucky for him, Thomasine isn't one to stay quiet, asking her kidnapper uncomfortable questions which make the journey a lot more difficult than expected. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell Starring as Gideon the witchfinder is actor, comedian and writer Tim Key. He is best known for portraying Alan Partridge's sidekick Simon in Alpha Papa, Mid Morning Matters and This Time. Key is joined by actress and comedian Daisy May Cooper who rose to fame in BBC Three's beloved sitcom This Country. She won the 2018 BAFTA TV Award for Best Female Comedy Performance for playing Kerry Mucklowe in the show she created alongside her brother Charlie Cooper. The Witchfinder will premiere on Tuesday, March 8, at 10pm on BBC Two. There is a total of six episodes in this comedy with a new episode airing each week in the same time slot. As long as there are no delays, The Witchfinder will reach its conclusion on Tuesday, April 12. But there is an alternative way of watching the sitcom if you don't want to wait weeks for all six episodes. DON'T MISS...Camilla Cabello suffers wardrobe malfunction on The One Show [VIDEO]Bill Bailey fights back tears in touching Sean Lock tribute [TRIBUTE]Katherine Ryan fiercely defends Jimmy Carr after backlash  [REACTION] The entire boxset is going to be available on streaming service BBC iPlayer once the first instalment has aired. So fans can binge-watch The Witchfinder whenever they wish after it begins on BBC Two. If you're a fan of Alan Partridge, then you're bound to enjoy The Witchfinder as it was created, written and directed by the Gibbons brothers who are also behind the famous sitcom. Actor and comedian Steve Coogan who portrays the titular character is also an executive producer. Speaking to What to Watch about her latest role, actress Cooper said: "Thomasine is sort of street smart but a bit thick. "People think that she might be a witch because she’s not behaving how I suppose women should be behaving. "So she gets taken by the witchfinder to court in Chelmsford. "And it’s a bit like Planes, Trains and Automobiles but with a witch and a witchfinder!" The Witchfinder premieres on Tuesday, March 8, at 10pm on BBC Two.