New research suggests that the prehistoric sea monster was created as a result of cold water. The megalodon, which was the biggest shark that ever lived, grew larger in size the further from the equator it went. An analysis discovered fossilised teeth from higher latitudes, that belonged to the most colossal individuals.    These teeth were broad, serrated, triangular and seven inches long akin to steak knives. Not only does this discovery explain more about megalodons, but it also has implications for climate change today. The finding backs a 175-year-old theory that animals become smaller in warmer temperatures. Sharks, rays and other ocean predators today are moving towards the poles to survive.    Iconic Megalodon reached 65 feet long and weighed up to 100 tonnes. In 1847, German biologist Carl Bergmann claimed large creatures thrive in cool environments because their proportions help them retain heat better. This theory has been debated ever since. Lead author Professor Kenshu Shimada, of DePaul University, Chicago, said: "Our findings suggest a previously unrecognised body size pattern for the fossil shark, notably following a geography-driven ecological pattern known as Bergmann's rule." The species was so widely spread megalodon teeth have been found on every continent except Antarctica - even near Walton-on-the-Naze in Essex. READ MORE: Megalodon mystery blown open: Shark even more terrifying The megalodon grew larger in colder waters They are all that are left apart from the odd vertebrae. A shark's skeleton is made out of cartilage - which rarely survives fossilisation. Megalodon has been described as the most terrifying predator of all time. Its bite was three times more powerful than T Rex's. The species headed the food chain - feeding on whales and dolphins. DON'T MISS: UK strikes ‘exciting’ Israel deal after £80bn EU fob-off [SPOTLIGHT] UK, Aus and US fast-track nuclear plans in huge show of force [INSIGHT] Egypt mystery blown open over King Tut's ‘outer space' dagger [REVEAL]  How it got so massive has baffled evolutionary experts for years. The US team traced the marine beast through time and space by comparing remains with locations. Some sites were previously identified as possible nurseries because they yielded smaller teeth on average relative to other areas. But these are near the equator - where water is warmer, the study in Historical Biology reports. Co-author Dr Harry Maisch, of Fairleigh Dickinson University, New Jersey, said: "It is still possible Megalodon could have utilised nursery areas to raise young sharks. READ MORE: Mystery bite mark on Great White Shark sparks Megalodon theory "But our study shows fossil localities consisting of smaller Megalodon teeth may instead be a product of individual sharks attaining smaller overall body sizes simply as a result of warmer water." Regions towards the south and north pole receive less light and energy from the sun than low-latitude, tropical areas. Prof Shimada said: "The main conclusion is not all geographically different Megalodon individuals grew to gigantic sizes equally. "The common notion the species reached 60 to 65 feet should be applied primarily to populations that inhabited cooler environments." The number of sharks has plunged by more than two-thirds around the world in just 50 years. More than three-quarters of the iconic marine species now face being wiped out.   