Pam and Tommy is the explosive biopic revolving around the story of former Baywatch star Pamela Anderson and her then-husband Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee. The Disney+ and Hulu series starts from the very beginning of their relationship in the 1990s when they tied the knot, just a few days after meeting one another, on a beach in Cancun. But their love story soon turned into a nightmare when a sex tape they had made on their honeymoon was leaked. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Pam and Tommy.Pam and Tommy delves into not only how the couple met and married but the events which led to their sex tape getting out. Carpenter Rand Gauthier, who is played by Seth Rogen, was fired without being paid for work already completed on the famous couple's house renovations. So in 1995, to get his revenge on the drummer, Gauthier stole his safe which contained items such as guns, jewellery and the sex tape. In a bid to get payback as well as make money, Rand started to sell the video online and is still one of the most talked-about celebrity sex tapes today. READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? Pam and Tommy has received rave reviews from fans who cannot get enough of the biopic. Starring Mamma Mia! actress Lily James and Captain America star Sebastian Stan, the eight-episode drama has been releasing a new instalment for the past few weeks. But it has now come to an end with the final episode released on Wednesday, March 9, on Disney+. Now, subscribers are eager to know if there will be another series on the way. Unfortunately, the future of Pam and Tommy doesn't look good, viewers will be disappointed to know. The show was sold as a limited series, meaning it won't be back for any more seasons. Given how the story's main focus is the sex tape and the reaction to it, there isn't much else to follow-up on. The couple didn't have a happy ending either so it would no longer be a show about Pam and Tommy if the creators continued to illustrate what happened. DON'T MISS...Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [EXPLAINER]Star Wars leak: Darth Revan 'will make live-action debut on Disney+' [UPDATE]The Dropout star unearths Elizabeth Holmes' dishonest grandparent [CAST] Anderson and Lee got divorced in 1998 after just three years of marriage. They have two sons together but things came to a head when Lee was arrested for spousal abuse, child abuse and unlawful possession of a firearm. Since breaking up with the musician, Anderson has been married five more times. These were to singer Kid Rock in 2006, poker player Rick Salomon twice, in 2007 and again 2014, film producer Jon Peters in 2020 and bodyguard Dan Hayhurst later that same year. It was announced earlier this year that Anderson and Hayhurst had split. Talking about preparing for the role as Pamela Anderson, actress Lily said on Jimmy Kimmel Live that she remained in character throughout the entire process of filming, even when talking to her family. She said: "I would Facetime them [my family] as Pamela. Talk to them as Pamela. "But then I think the other day my brother came around for lunch when I was at home in England. "I had a picture of Pamela, a Playboy picture of her, she looks incredible. "My little brother came and goes, 'Oh, Lily! God, no.' And I was 'No, no, it's not me. It's Pamela!' "And I'm worried that I ruined Pamela Anderson for him, which would be such a tragedy!" Pam and Tommy is available to watch on Disney+.