Saturday marked the conclusion of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s eight-day, three-countries royal tour. The trip, which formed part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, saw the royal couple visit Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. On Friday, William, 39, and Kate, 40, arrived at Sybil Strachan Primary School in Nassau, the capital of the Bahamas. As they stepped out of their car, the rain began to pour and royal photographer Samir Hussein captured a series of gorgeous photographs of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in the rain. In the snaps, Kate wears a pale green dress by Self Portrait and jewellery by Bahamian designer Nadia Irena. One, in particular, shows the Duchess laughing as she stands beneath the canopy of her umbrella. Kate came under fire from some royal fans for the snaps, as many claimed the Duchess was “copying” her sister-in-law Meghan. The fans made reference to the shots bearing resemblance to ones of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle taken during their farewell tour in March 2020. The snaps show the couple standing together arm-in-arm beneath a black umbrella while the rain pours down around them. The photo was taken as Meghan and Harry were on their way to attend the Endeavour awards evening at Mansion House in London. READ MORE: Royal Family to make royal protocol change as Queen steps back Reacting to the new images of Kate, one fan of Meghan wrote: “This is such a sad but funny attempt at recreating Meghan’s iconic photo in the rain shot”, before another said: “Willie and dupliKate look terrible- doesn’t even compare to Harry & Meghan’s." Polly wrote: “Nah! William + Kate - CAN'T DO ANYTHING ORIGINAL for their #RoyalsPanto - always staging copycat Photo-Ops trying to capture the magic of #HarryandMeghan - and Failing.” Another wrote: “No matter how much Kate tries to copy Meghan she always fails. Meghan picture in the rain with Harry is one of the most iconic photos I have seen. While a third said: “Are the Lamebridges trying to recreate that ICONIC, ICONIC Harry and Meghan's romantic picture in the rain?” One more said: “LOOK at Kate trying to recreate Meghan & Harry's rain moment by wearing a similar shade dress and smiling in the rain!” DON'T MISS Austrian press mocks William and Kate in stinging attack [REPORT] Princess Anne 'very hands-on' with Zara - now royal copies her [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle's wedding dress could be 'homage' to European Princess [REVEAL] However, others rushed to the defence of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge over the snaps. One royal fan called Jane wrote: “Oh yes - Meghan and Harry invented rain and umbrellas. Do you have any idea how stupid you sound?” Another said: “Next Meghan invented rain..” While others pointed out that both the Meghan and Harry photo and the pictures of Kate and William were taken by the same photographer. After royal fans discovered the connection, one joked: “Every time it rains, they say: ‘Activate Samir Hussein.’” Another said: “Another set of gorgeous pics from Samir Hussein.” Kate apologised for “bringing the rain with us,” as she addressed the school’s pupils in an assembly. She said: “I hope you didn't get too wet coming here and apologies for bringing this British weather with us.” She added: “Thank you so much for such a warm welcome.” Schools in the Bahamas were closed for nearly two years from March 2020 until January this year because of the pandemic. Kate addressed this feat when delivering a speech in an outdoor assembly. She said: “The pandemic has taken you away from your classrooms and your friends and learning from home has had its challenges. That is why it is so wonderful that after nearly two years away, you have recently returned to school and been reunited with your teachers and friends again. "One of the hardest things that so many of us found about the pandemic was being separated from the people we love. We have rediscovered how important our families are, and just how important our friends are. "I always think it is the simple things in life that bring the most joy: playing together, chatting to your friends at school, eating meals together, listening to each other's stories. These are the things that bring us together and give meaning to our lives."