Managing finances in retirement is vitally important, as pensioners often have less ability to be flexible with their money. Jason Hollands, Managing Director at Bestinvest, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk, discussing how the pensions landscape has changed over the years and how it has therefore potentially become more complicated for Britons to make decisions on their retirement. Mr Hollands said: “It used to be the case that when people retired, they might receive a defined benefit pension, where their former employer would pay them a pension linked to the final salary they had earned while working, e.g. two-thirds. “Alternatively if they didn’t have a defined benefit pension then they might use any workplace defined contribution or personal pensions they had accumulated to purchase a type of contract known as annuity." Annuities are a type of contract which provides a guaranteed income for life and is sometimes adjusted for inflation. Mr Hollands explained that both defined benefit pensions and annuities provide a high degree of certainty over retirement earnings on top of the basic level of support provided by the state pension. He continued: “However, access to defined benefit pensions has shrunk dramatically over the years, as private sector companies see the liabilities they entail for their balance sheets as too expensive. “Now most private employers will instead contribute to a defined contribution pension, typically alongside the employee, the value of which at retirement will depend on how well an investment fund performs.  READ MORE: Pension alert: Rishi Sunak inheritance tax change could be 'death tax' for retirement pots “Today’s workers therefore have a lot less certainty as to how much income they will receive in retirement from their private pensions than those of previous generations. “And while you can still use your private pension pots to buy an annuity when you retire, most people no longer do this. “Annuity rates are heavily influenced by the yields on government bonds – gilt yields – and these have been very low for a decade due to the Bank of England keeping interest rates low.” In April 2015 the pension rules were changed so that people were no longer required to buy an annuity but could instead access their pension pots in many different ways Mr Hollands said that since these ‘pension freedoms’ were introduced, annuity sales have slumped. Instead, most people have been keeping their pensions invested, dipping in to make periodic withdrawals to fund their retirement. This is known as drawdown. He continued: “While there are benefits to drawdown, especially when markets are rising strongly, there are also major risks. Firstly, financial markets are volatile but many retirees will be reluctant to accept variability in their income.  DON'T MISSState pension payment dates to change as Queen’s Platinum Jubilee looms [ALERT]Santander increases its interest rates and savers can earn up to £100 [INTEREST]'Bumper state pension increase’ on the way - DWP makes fresh commitment to pensioners [INSIGHT] “If you keep withdrawing the same amount of cash from your pension even when the value might be down, you are at risk of eating into your retirement savings too rapidly. “This is especially risky at the moment when inflation is high and people might find they need to take more money from the pension to address rising living costs, including higher energy bills – but when investment markets are down since the start of the year. “In fact you need your pension to be able to grow faster than inflation to ensure your ability to sustain future withdrawals.” The risk of exhausting a pension too quickly could be exacerbated by people underestimating how long they may live. Mr Hollands explained: “When we think of how long we might live, there is a tendency to think about how long relatives such as parents or grandparents lived to as a reference point. “Yet the reality is that there have been huge increases in life expectancy over the last few decades thanks to better healthcare and lifestyles. While this is clearly good news, it also means the costs of funding a retirement might need to stretch 20 years or more.  “Importantly people are also living more active lives well into their retirement, wanting to travel and socialise, which also carries a cost. People in their early fifties today, on average, can expect to live until age 87, and that could well rise further over the coming years.” Mr Hollands offered some tips on how people can avoid running out of income in retirement. He said: “The first thing is to plan and think carefully about what financial resources you have available to you, how long you might live and what type of lifestyle and expenses you might need. “A good financial planner will typically use cash flow modelling software to project future costs and the value of any savings and investments over time, to help identify how much can be taken without running out of the cash too early. “Importantly, this needs to be regularly reviewed as circumstances change and the value of investments either go up or down. “If you do not want to take financial advice, then you should certainly try to make a start on this yourself. Above all it is important to be realistic. It’s better to understand your options in advance, rather than have a nasty surprise later on.” Mr Hollands also explained that the choice between drawdown and buying an annuity does not have to be an either/or situation. He said: “A very sensible step can be to use some of your pension pots to buy an annuity that – alongside your state pension – will cover your basic costs, to give you some added security. “If you are able to, you should then be prepared to be flexible on how much you withdraw from your remaining investments, so that during periods when markets are weak, you are not cashing in shares and investments when prices are down. “Thirdly, you might need to think about other financial resources beyond just your pensions. For some people, downsizing from a family home to a smaller property might be a necessary option to release funds that can support them in their retirement too. “For others, delaying the moment at which they draw upon their private pension can be the right option, which can either mean delaying retirement for a few years or winding down through continuing to work part-time.” Mr Hollands concluded: “This can help boost the value of a pension, extending its useful life.