The attack took place in the southern city of Beersheba, at a petrol station and an outdoor shopping complex on Tuesday. Three women and a man were killed by the attacker, the Magen David Adom ambulance service said.  Two other people were injured in the incident, one of them critically. The assailant was then shot by a person passing as the incident unfolded. Police say the incident in Beersheba is being treated as a suspected terror attack. Military correspondent for the Times of Israel, Emanuel Fabian, tweeted that one of the victims was "rammed by the assailant, and the others were stabbed." At 4.10 pm local time, the attacker stabbed a woman at the petrol station before driving to the nearby shopping centre and running over a cyclist, reports the Times of Israel. He then travelled to a further shopping centre, and stabbed two people before being shot himself by a passerby. Police spokesperson Eli Levy told Channel 13 TV: "It appeared to be a single terrorist who went on a stabbing spree." He added: "A civilian took the initiative and shot and killed him."   An eyewitness told Kan News: “We heard a car hit something, like another car, and then we saw someone get out and start running with a knife, and then stabbing people."  Israeli media have identified the assailant as an Arab citizen of Israel. The attack is one of the deadliest in Israel for a number of years. No organisation has immediately come forward to claim responsibility.   The Jerusalem Post reported the assailant had previously been arrested on terror offences. They named the attacker as Muhammad Alab Ahmed abu Alkiyan, who was from the town of Hura. Israeli Prime Minister, Naftali Bennett, was briefed on the attack shortly after it happened. He said: "The civilians who shot the terrorist showed resourcefulness and courage and prevented further casualties."  The Ra'am Party, also known as the United Arab List, said: "The Arab citizens of the state are law-abiding and denounces anybody who uses violence against other citizens." 