Prior to Russian President Vladimir Putin launching a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, he had demanded that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) limit its movements within eastern Europe. Mr Putin has long been a vocal critic of the alliance, claiming it to be a threat to Russia’s national security. NATO was formed shortly after the conclusion of World War Two in 1949, where it initially was made up of 12 founding members. These included the UK, US, Canada and France. In the event of an armed attack against any one member state, other NATO allies will come to their defence. The threat posed by the post-war expansion of the Soviet Union was one of the primary reasons NATO was first created.  READ MORE: Sky News crew attacked and shot by Russians in Ukraine - 'Ambushed by In 1955, the Soviet Union responded with the creation of its own military partnership - made up of eastern European communist countries - called the Warsaw Pact. Since the collapse of Soviet Russia, a number of former Warsaw Pact members have opted to join forces with NATO - such as Albania and Poland. So, which countries make up the 30 members of NATO? The following countries are officially listed as members of NATO:  DON'T MISS: Putin's 40-mile convoy branded 'enormously large traffic jam' [INSIGHT]EU mocked over reversing Brexit threat as Truss heads to Brussel [EXPLAINED]Diane Abbott accused of dreadful statement about Putin [NEWS] Ukraine is one of Nato’s “enhanced opportunity partners” but aims to join the alliance, although is yet to be formally admitted to the group. Naturally, recent developments have seen calls for this expansion to be fast-forwarded, but such an addition could spark further tensions as Mr Putin has made clear he sees Ukraine’s aspirations to join Nato as a threat to Russia’s borders. Finland and Sweden are also not yet members of the alliance. However, since Russia began its invasion of Ukraine more than a week ago, public support in the two Scandinavian countries to join NATO has rocketed.  For the first time ever, the majority of Swedes support NATO membership, according to a poll by newspaper Aftonbladet - 51 percent of the public is now in favour of joining. Meanwhile, a survey in Finland identified this week that 53 percent of Finns supported joining NATO. The number went up to 66 percent if Sweden were to join too. While NATO membership remains open to them, Finnish and Swedish leaders have not called for their countries to join the military alliance. On Friday Finnish President Sauli Niinistö met with US President Joe Biden to discuss the ongoing war in Ukraine. Earlier this week Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin also told reporters her country was evaluating “what is the line that Russia has crossed, and what is the line that Russia will not cross". She added: "If Russia does cross some line, do we face it alone or together with others”. Russia has warned the duo that any decision to join NATO will leave them facing "military and political consequences." 