There are several misconceptions when it comes to weight loss which can not only hinder progress but in some cases reverse it too. Nutritional Therapist Paula Werrett dispelled five popular fat loss myths. Paula was quick to dismiss the rumour that frozen and canned fruits and vegetables are less nutritious than fresh ones. In fact, there are arguments to suggest the frozen stuff is even better than its fresh counterparts. She stated: "Most canned and frozen fruits and vegetables are processed quickly after harvesting, meaning that in many cases their nutrient levels may be higher than those of ‘fresh’ alternatives which start degrading as soon as they are picked." However, she acknowledged that the heating processes used in the manufacturing of frozen foods can "lead to some loss of certain nutrients such as Vitamin C". She added: "Canned fruits may also be high in added ingredients such as salt, sugar and preservatives which are not good for us." READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: 'Do 10 minutes' when you don't want to exercise The second myth that Paula banished is that breakfast is essential for weight loss. She explained: "The old adage that breakfast is the most important meal of the day is no longer borne out by recent evidence which shows that in fact health can be improved by increasing the gap in between meals and especially opting for an extended overnight fast. "This intermittent fasting has been shown to improve many aspects of health and ageing including blood sugar control, cellular repair, hormone regulation and more." One of the most popular intermittent fasting diets is the 16/8 method, which requires dieters to abstain from eating for 16 hours of the day, consuming their calories for the remaining eight. Next, Paula banished the notion that fats are the bad guys of the weight loss game. "Fats have been demonised for the last 30 or 40 years based on some research from the 1980s that indicated a link between saturated fat consumption and heart disease. "More recent evidence however has shown that an ultra-low fat diet may be more dangerous than a diet high in fats." Paula suggested that it is a high carb diet rather than high fat that slimmers should avoid, as it leads to "increased levels of fats in our blood and increased levels of ‘bad’ cholesterol". "Rather than avoid fats therefore, a healthy balance of important essential fatty acids, some saturated fats and minimal levels of the unhealthy trans fats is recommended." Avocados, nuts and extra virgin olive oil are just some healthy fats that slimmers should incorporate into their diets. Although some believe that eating celery burns more calories than it takes in, Paula revealed that this is "not strictly true". "This myth is based on the idea that we burn a certain number of calories just by doing nothing. These calories are burned because the processes that go on in our body without us thinking about them use up energy." She continued: "A stick of celery contains about six calories but it only uses up about half a calorie to digest and metabolise it. "A 2016 study found that a stick of celery provides 19 fewer calories than you normally burn during the time you are eating it, but most of the calories burned are not specifically ‘because’ of eating the celery, they are linked to processes happening regardless." The final weight loss myth that Paula debunked regarded doing exercise on an empty stomach. "Although it is often thought that you should do cardio on an empty stomach to lose weight, the problem with this approach is that an empty stomach means that you work out at a lower intensity, because you don’t have enough fuel in the tank. "It is never ideal to workout immediately after eating, but making sure that you have enough energy is key for a successful workout." Dieters can fuel their bodies with toast and almond butter, a banana, whole grain crackers or yoghurt for 30-60 minutes before an exercise session for optimal performance.