It's no secret that there are good foods and bad foods out there that will help you lose or gain weight but it's about knowing which ones a person needs to ditch from their diet to make it work for them. Experts have shared one major player when it comes to seeing significant effects on weight loss and overall health, if slimmers can wean themselves off it. Taking the step to making healthier life choices is a big one and there is so much misinformation surrounding diet that it's easy to fall into bad eating habits for a quick-fix. Many foods have a certain impact on your weight and healthy fats, fruit and vegetables can help assist weight loss, while processed and refined products can make you gain weight. Dr. Robert Lustig, a paediatric endocrinologist at the University of California-San Francisco and author of the book Fat Chance: The Hidden Truth About Sugar, claims sugar is a "toxic" substance that we are becoming addicted to. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop "We need to wean ourselves off. We need to de-sweeten our lives. We need to make sugar a treat, not a diet staple," Dr. Lustig told The Guardian in 2013. "The food industry has made it into a diet staple because they know when they do you buy more. "This is their hook. If some unscrupulous cereal manufacturer went out and laced your breakfast cereal with morphine to get you to buy more, what would you think of that? They do it with sugar instead." DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] According to the NHS, as a nation we consume 700g of sugar per person, per week - 140 teaspoons. The health body continues to encourage people to look at the nutritional labels to tell you how much sugar is in what you’re eating, and advises people to buy more greens and ambers and fewer reds in our weekly shop. They also suggest a good way of cutting down on sugar is through fizzy drinks, stating nearly a quarter of the added sugar in our diets comes from sugary drinks. But that's not to say that sugar should be cut out completely. There are natural sugars found in all foods that have not been linked to negative health effects. This is because the amount of sugar tends to be modest and is "packaged" with fibre and other healthful nutrients. While sugar can be a part of a healthy diet, Dr David Katz makes an important point that almost all health experts agree with – "we eat too much of it". Health experts recommend reducing sugar intake to within recommended guidelines, offering some handy tips on how to do so: Cut back on sugar added to foods and drinks - such as tea, coffee, cereal and pancakes Replace full-sugar drinks with sugar-free or low-calorie options Look for the lowest amounts of added sugars on food labels Reduce the amount of sugar in a baking recipe by a third Try replacing sugar with extracts or spices - such as cinnamon, ginger, almond or vanilla Replace sugar on cereal or oatmeal with fruit