Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich was this morning one of seven Russian oligarchs sanctioned by the UK Government, with the Stamford Bridge side effectively plunged into a state of paralysis. The Blues’ club shop must close and no more match tickets can be sold. Thomas Tuchel’s side can continue to fulfil their fixtures and pay wages of all current employees — including the players and coaching staff — but no new player sales or purchases will be permitted. Abramovich announced last week that he intended to sell Chelsea, a decision he claimed was “in the best interest of the club”. According to The Telegraph, he can still sell the club if he applies for special dispensation and hands over the process to Downing Street. The newspaper reports a sale could still take place if Abramovich allows the Government to take over the process and decide what happens to the proceeds of the sale, likely to be in excess of £2billion. With his assets frozen rather than seized, Abramovich would still need to agree to a deal, but he appears to have little choice than to do exactly that as the alternative would be a slow decay of the club he personally guided to the highest echelons of European football. READ MORE: What Chelsea's £20,000 travel cap means for Champions League fixtures Abramovich has transformed Chelsea since buying the club in 2003, winning every major trophy possible. Yet it has not always been plain sailing, with a number of bumps along the road, including when Blues legend Pat Nevin “nearly killed” him on a cycling holiday in Scotland. Nevin, 58, told BBC Radio Scotland in 2019 that he narrowly avoided a head-on collision with Abramovich, who was cycling on the Isle of Arran. He recalled: “About three years ago I was on holiday in Arran and I was driving up the north side of Arran. “Every time you go on holiday there, you drive round the whole island. “I came round a corner at the top just before Lochranza and I nearly hit a guy on a bike. “I just got out of the way at the last moment, I could have killed the guy. “It was Roman Abramovich.” DON'T MISS:Chelsea sponsor Three 'reviewing situation' as Abramovich sanctioned [REPORT]Chelsea's potential buyers' stance on deal after Abramovich sanctions [LATEST]Chelsea boss Tuchel facing squad crisis due to Abramovich sanctions [NEW] Nevin, who played 193 times for Chelsea, continued: “What a story that would have been if I had killed Roman Abramovich. I just missed him. “His yacht was off the coast and he was cycling round. “He doesn’t know to this day that it was me.” Abramovich bought the 162.5 metre-long ‘Eclipse’ in 2009 for a reported $400million (£303.9million). It was the world’s largest privately-owned yacht at the time with at least two swimming pools, a cinema, two helicopter landing-pads and a submarine that can be launched and dive to a depth of 160ft (48.7 metres). He also owns a private Boeing 767-33A/ER, known as ‘The Bandit’ due to its livery, as well as a multitude of properties across the world. Nevin, who still does media work at Stamford Bridge, told BBC Radio Scotland that he was on good terms with the notoriously private Russian. He said: “I have met him quite a few times. He is phenomenally shy, he is an incredibly shy person. “I was down DJing in London about two years ago. I was sitting in a sports place at the back of Stamford Bridge and he caught my eye. “People come over to him, he never walks over to them, it’s a bit like royalty. But I was sitting talking to this wee guy who is a DJ, a scruffy wee indie kid, and Roman starts walking right behind him towards me. “I said ‘hi’ and shook his hand and the kid got the fright of his life. He nearly jumped out of his skin.” Abramovich ventured to Scotland’s west coast on his superyacht for a 2015 holiday with a group of friends. They stopped off at a number of islands including Bute, Arran and Islay for bike rides and meals, happily stopping for photos with astonished locals.