For the first time in a very long time, Arsenal fans are beginning to feel excited about the future. They have a young and resilient manager in Mikel Arteta, a young and dynamic team with a free-flowing and entertaining playing style, and above all else, they are currently on course for Champions League football for the first time since 2017. But great positivity and promise must be counterbalanced by grounded, pragmatic realism. When Arsenal lost their first three Premier League matches of the season, club director Edu stepped in front of the Sky Sports cameras to stress that this side were barely three weeks into a project which will take many years. The pendulum of momentum has swung spectacularly, as Arsenal sit three points clear of Tottenham Hotspur having won six of their last seven Premier League matches. Victory in their game in hand will see them extend the gap over their north London rivals to six points. But with spirits as high as the Highbury clock, various sources linking the Gunners with spectacular moves for Robert Lewandowski and Erling Haaland have began to emerge. Arsenal cannot afford to abandon a project which appears to be working so well. READ MORE: Bizarre Xhaka incident gives Arsenal boss Arteta more reason to be upset It may even be beneficial for Edu to get back in front of the nearest television camera, so he can remind supporters of their mission. “We signed six players who are under 23, which means a lot in terms of our planning,” Edu said to Sky Sports shortly after Arsenal tumbled to the bottom of the Premier League. “Normally, people like to see just one window, so I have to say it is the bigger picture because we started planning this squad a year ago in terms of consolidating the team and to try to get a better foundation.” Seven months after his call for patience, former Arsenal ace Kevin Campbell and Champions League winner Paul Lambert claimed the Gunners should be targeting the likes of Lewandowski and Haaland. DON'T MISSSteven Gerrard accused of hypocrisy as old comments surface over Arsenal star Bukayo Saka [QUOTES]Barcelona make decision on two signings after Aubameyang blitzes Real Madrid [GOSSIP]Man Utd, Arsenal and Tottenham's remaining fixtures graded as top-four race heats up [NEWS] The Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund stars have been nothing short of exceptional, but this is a move that would all but derail everything Arteta and Edu has built. Jadon Sancho, Kai Havertz, and Timo Werner have all struggled to adapt to the Premier League after breathtaking seasons in the Bundesliga. Who is to say Lewandowski and Haaland would not suffer the same fate? Such a purchase would likely require an entire season’s budget, and the Gunners will be in need of two strikers at the start of the season if Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette do not extend their new deals. They also tried to sign a new central midfielder in January and Cedric Soares’ inconsistency could prompt the Gunners to find a new right-back to challenge Takehiro Tomiyasu for the right-back spot. Arteta and Edu’s blueprint is working perfectly and the arrival of a monumental signing with even more significant wages would bring unwarranted and unnecessary pressure to what is still a very young side. If any temptations are permeating through the Emirates Stadium, Arteta and Edu must ensure they do not stray from the plan.