The changes will see the Government end the use of rebated red diesel from April 1. It means it will now be illegal to put red diesel into vehicle and machinery fuel tanks except for some limited circumstances. Rebated red diesel is essentially the same as normal fuel but is dyed to indicate it can only be used off-road, and has been taxed at a lower rate of just 11p per litre compared to the usual 57.95p for normal diesel. But now everyone will need to use diesel or biofuel which the full rate of fuel duty has been paid for. The news was met with anger from road users across the UK with many heading to Express.co.uk to vent their fury at the move. According to the Government, red diesel use accounts for 15 percent of total diesel for the UK. The reduced rate costs around £2.4billion a year in revenue compared to if duty was charged at the main rate. READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water And readers feel the changes are little more than a ‘cash grab’ at a time when the cost of living in the UK is spiralling. Reader ‘JaguarV8’ claimed: “The greedy Government and politicians happy to award themselves big pay rises all the while sh***g the public and motorists in particular. “What they fail to realise is that the working tax payer only has so much disposable income and if it’s going to the taxman then they are unable to support other businesses with purchases. “That leads to companies collapsing, loss of jobs leading to less tax revenue and a downward spiral to a recession.” DON'T MISSDad's fury as 'holidaying' stranger parks car on his driveway for days [SHOCKING]Drivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [COMMENT]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT] Another reader due to be affected by the change had serious concerns for the future. ‘Di.rad’ said: “We have considered not working. We are so heavily taxed, the service we provide will be unaffordable for our little customers. “What is the point of having the stress to carry on? To hand it all over to the government. “They have just got too greedy.” And one commenter, ‘Moderated’ concurred, adding: “Good comment, my nephew has his own business and by the time he pays all taxes involved the tax man takes more out of his business than he earns from it. “He then has all his personal taxation to pay. Why does anyone bother? “The government gains massively from doing nothing on the back of his hard work working from dawn till dusk." Another reader, ‘Peter.am’ wrote: “Complaining I am afraid is not going to do any good. "It is not an accident the prices are rising and the financial situation is only going to get worse. “This is the green deal with everyone feeling the effects of reducing carbon emissions. "The prices are being used to reduce our consumption simply because no one volunteered. “This is and has been Tory policy for twelve years so saying the government should do this or that is a waste of time.”