Opportunist company bosses used business loans handed out by the Government to help in the recovery from Covid on luxuries like sports cars, according to Tory peer Lord Agnew. The former Treasury Minister resigned partly in protest at the handling of the government's £47bn Bounce Back Loans scheme, criticising “schoolboy” handling. This week he spoke scathingly about the way the funds were handed out seemingly without oversight. Lord Agnew told a House of Lords committee set up to examine the problem that there had been no data dashboard designed to track what happened to the money. The National Audit Office estimates as much as £5bn could have been claimed fraudulently. READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year Around 1.5million companies were awarded loans of up to £50,000 during the pandemic. But the Government believes that resulted in some £4.9billion in claims that were fraudulent and a shocking £17billion of loans that won’t be repaid. Lord Agnew admitted it was a “complete pandemic of fraud”. He told the Lords Digital Fraud Committee: “I don't want to go back and try and be Captain Hindsight here… but there are still bits of data which would help us tackle this.” DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [WARNING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT] He added: “How much of the money which was paid of that £47bn, which went into company accounts, left those company accounts within a few days or weeks of the money hitting those businesses? "We know there are hundreds of anecdotal examples of directors of these companies taking the money out of the business, putting it in their private accounts and going off and buying a sports car. "That is a fraud. That is against the purpose of the loan. “The banks will have the data on it.” He continued: "They know exactly where the money moves and when it moves, but can we please see the data and what they are doing about it?" "I sent letters of congratulations to Border Force staff who picked up suitcases of cash leaving the country." Lord Agnew asked for additional resources and more "clout" in order to tackle fraud. Following the Norfolk peer’s resignation, Prime Minister Boris Johnson's official spokesman said: "We’ve always been clear (that) fraud is unacceptable and are taking action against those abusing the system." In December the National Audit Office said Tory ministers “failed to put adequate fraud prevention measures in place” when setting up the scheme, The Mirror reported. A national investigation team had received 2,100 reports of possible fraud by October, but only had capacity to pursue 50 cases a year. It now has a target of clawing back “at least £6m” over three years - 0.01% of the total handed out in Bounce Back loans. By October there had been 43 arrests across 33 investigations and more than £3m of recoveries. A BEIS spokesperson said: “We’re continuing to work to crack down on fraud and will not tolerate those that seek to defraud consumers and taxpayers. “Our Covid support schemes were implemented at unprecedented speed to protect millions of jobs and businesses at a time when families needed it the most. Last year lenders reported preventing nearly £2.2 billion in potential fraud from the Bounce Back Loan Scheme.”