Andriy Yarmolenko has admitted that playing football has been the last thing on his mind in recent weeks with the "Russian army killing Ukrainian people" every day. The 32-year-old has family and friends back in the war-torn country and was given compassionate leave by West Ham as the invasion by Russian troops had affected him deeply.  The winger made his return to West Ham's matchday squad on Sunday against Aston Villa and was brought on in the second half. And Yarmolenko marked his return with a goal minutes after coming on before breaking down in tears during the celebrations. He captained Ukraine last summer at Euro 2020 and scored twice as they reached the quarter-finals of the major competition. But Yarmolenko has found it tough to focus on football of late giving what is going on in his home country.  He gave his thanks to West Ham fans for their continued support while speaking on his own troubles since Russia began their invasion of Ukraine. "It was so emotional for me because of the situation in my country," he told Sky Sports. "It is so difficult for me right now in this moment thinking about football because every day, the Russian army is killing Ukrainian people. "It was so emotional. To be honest, I don’t know what to say.  "I just want to say thank you to my team-mates, who support me all the time, every day. "To West Ham fans, they also support me and Ukrainian people and also to all British people, because we feel you support us. Thank you, really. "I felt the support from the fans and I tried to give everything on the pitch because I know how important the game was for us today. "I'm not ready for 100% because the last two weeks I train maybe three or four times. "Since 26 February, I had to rest for four days because it was impossible to train, I was just thinking about my family and my people. "I just tried to give everything on the pitch." West Ham's win over Aston Villa keeps them within touching distance of the top four with Manchester United just two points ahead. But David Moyes' side will now turn their attention back to the Europa League for the second leg of their round-of-16 tie against Sevilla on Thursday.  