Manchester United captain Harry Maguire must get out of his current rut soon or he "won't be at the club", according to Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher. Maguire has faced constant criticism for his performances throughout this season. The England international was guilty of committing himself too high for Atletico Madrid's goal in the 1-0 loss at Old Trafford on Tuesday. United crashed out of the Champions League at the last-16 stage with a 2-1 aggregate defeat. Maguire was cheered off by United supporters when he was substituted in the second half by Ralf Rangnick. He remains the most expensive defender of all time following his £80million move from Leicester in 2019. Carragher can sympathise with the difficulties Maguire is going through, admitting to suffering the same during his career. But he says the 29-year-old's time at United is at risk of coming to an end soon. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed today  Carragher told CBS Sports: "He is going through the worst moment in his career right now. We all have that moment, I can picture it now when I was playing. "It felt like no matter what I did in a game, how well I prepared for it, how well I played in it. The one thing I did wrong and the ball ended up in the back of my net. "And I always remember when that was and that period of my career. This is something that Harry Maguire is going through right now and he has to get out of it very quickly otherwise he won’t be at the club because the standards at Manchester United are so high. "Of course he wants to [get out of it] but his head will be all over the place, he is getting criticism left, right and centre. He’ll be criticised again – I think the crowd actually cheered when he went off, which isn’t a nice thing for anyone. DON'T MISSChelsea owner Roman Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign [REPORT]Arsenal boss Arteta demands 'three new players' in crunch talks with Kroenke [GOSSIP]Mikel Arteta's expected Arsenal XI to end Liverpool's winning run and dent title hopes [TEAM NEWS]  "I’ve always been a fan of Harry Maguire. He gets criticised because he cost £80m. Virgil van Dijk cost £75m and is the best defender in the world. "Harry Maguire is not that but he doesn’t set the price. He had a great summer with England at the Euros but this season has been a disaster and he almost just needs to get to the end of the season and just forget about football and get away. "He's having a really tough time. And every decision he makes, he's probably overthinking it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here