Nicolette (played by Charlotte Chimes) developed a bond with Neighbours newcomer Kiri Hua Durant (Gemma Bird Matheson) in recent episodes after she took a trip to the River Bend. The two women shared a romantic encounter on the getaway, despite several other characters being caught up in a life or death ordeal. However, in upcoming scenes on the Channel 5 soap, Glen Donnelly (Richard Huggett) will meddle with the troublemaker's romance as it turns out Kiri is actually his daughter. When Nicolette discovers what Paul Robinson's (Stefan Dennis) brother is up to, she could end up killing him to ensure he doesn't drive her new love interest away. Since she arrived on Ramsay Street, Nicolette has been shrouded in mystery as many have suspected her of being a villain. This all changed when she started a family with David Tanaka (Takaya Honda) and Aaron Brennan (Matt Wilson) but Glen could be the person to reignite her sinister streak. The drama begins next week on the weekday serial drama as the residents of Erinsborough are still trying to get their heads around what happened on the getaway. Having recognised Kiri as his long-lost daughter, Glen didn't think he would see her again once he left the River Bend. Much to his surprise, she does turn up on Ramsay Street and he is thrown into a quandary as he doesn't want the newcomer to know he is her father. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role What does put his mind at ease is the fact Kiri is on Ramsay Street to see Nicolette, meaning she doesn't know his secret yet. Glen becomes stressed, however, when he keeps bumping into the newcomer as she appears to be around every corner he turns. Paul's brother is left further disturbed when he discovers there might be a chance his daughter is going to be sticking around. Thinking on his feet, the father of one decides he is going to drive Kiri out of town, which is something Nicolette doesn't want to happen. Using the troublemaker's past against her, Glen approaches Kiri as a stranger offering some advice and fills her in on what her love interest has done. Kiri is left shocked by what she hears and confronts the woman who she has been having a romantic fling with, who is left horrified knowing someone has told the newcomer everything. It's not too long before the troublemaker discovers Glen was the one who told Kiri about her misdemeanours and she is left furious. This leads to her pushing him into the pond outside the Lassiters Hotel, with everyone watching her violent outburst. From this point onwards, it seems Nicolette's latest romance is over but Glen's secret is ever closer to being exposed. Once the troublemaker discovers the link between Glen and Kiri, she will be even more desperate to get revenge, knowing all this heartache could have been averted. DON'T MISS...James Martin sparks concern as he issues apology to fans [COMMENT]Fitness: Most 'effective' way to burn calories - workout advice [ANALYSIS]Celebrity make-up artist grew business from face-painting at festival [COMMENT] The theory could be Nicolette will confront Glen once more and explain if he doesn't tell his secret to Kiri, she will. Glen will plead with her not to expose his past but hellbent on making sure she comes out on top, Nicolette would proceed to leave with a mission in mind. As Paul's brother tries to stop her, a scuffle could ensue and with Nicolette fearing her life is in danger, she could strike Glen around the head. Falling to the floor, the iconic soap character could die instantly, with the troublemaker having to clear up her mess. She would spin the tale because his romance with Terese Willis (Rebekah Elmaloglou) has been on and off, he wanted to start a new chapter of his life away from Ramsay Street. Nicolette could also keep the secret Kiri was his daughter to herself to ensure no one would go looking for him. This would allow her to remain undetected but as she makes more rivalries on Ramsay Street in the coming months, her killer instincts could struggle to stay at bay. As one thing leads to another, people could become suspicious about Nicolette and worry she is starting to lose control. Will she be exposed as a killer and will she admit she was the one who killed Glen if she is arrested around the time his body is found? Talking about her character, the actress who plays Nicolette, Charlotte, has opened up about her alter-ego's complexities. The soap star said: "She is so much fun to play and while some, or a lot, of her choices are questionable, she is a true representation of humanity. "We are all flawed. "Nicolette doesn’t necessarily do this out of spite, it comes from a place of wanting to be loved and also from not being accepted as gay by her own mother," she told RadioTimes.com. In another interview with Yahoo! the actress added: "I’m so grateful for all the ongoing support for Nicolette and my portrayal of her." Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.