Liverpool legend Steve Nicol claims his former side's biggest weakness was clear for everyone to see in Saturday's win over West Ham. Liverpool scraped to a 1-0 win at Anfield to keep the pressure on Manchester City at the top. But Nicol believes defensive uncertainty could end up being the "downfall" for Jurgen Klopp's side. Liverpool moved within three points of City at the top of the table ahead of the Manchester derby on Sunday. The Reds have now won seven Premier League matches in a row. But the victory over David Moyes' was arguably one of the toughest. West Ham wasted a number of clear-cut chances to draw level after Sadio Mane's early opener. TOP STORY: Man Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash  Nicol says the high line of the Liverpool defence could end up costing them come the end of the campaign. "They don't have a lot of guile, West Ham, and it's a good job for Liverpool today because they could have lost two or three goals," Nicol told ESPN FC. "The backline just wasn't together and it looked as though it was going to lose goals. "So they got away with one but you know what, sometimes you do get away with something. DON'T MISSCesc Fabregas hails two players as 'future of Arsenal' in Watford win but makes mistake [SOCIAL]Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Man Utd 'add boss mentioned by Paul Scholes to shortlist' despite Erik ten Hag 'agreement' [REPORT]  "And sometimes that's just the way it goes and it's all about getting away with it, and they did. So they move on. "But the next three or four games before they play City, the starting XI are going to have to get this backline sorted out because it's going to be their downfall if that ends up happening." Nicol says Liverpool's win didn't change anything in the title race despite closing the gap on City. "It changes nothing, today changes nothing," he added.  "I can tell you they weren't at their best, I can tell you about their backline. "Obviously it's easier to point out the things that didn't go well but right now they won and right now that's all that matters until they get to play Manchester City. "Then every single thing that they do would have to be perfect." Klopp admitted in his post-match press conference that his side were not at their best defensively.  "We should have done it differently but there were different counter-attacks," Klopp said. "The first goal they nearly scored when Trent [Alexander-Arnold] cleared the situation with a long leg, that was really bad defending, we have to admit that. "No pressure on the ball in midfield, no close last line and too high so both centre-halves were surprised by Fornals' run and Trent was just not close enough. "That we could sort it in the end was for different reasons."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here