Real Madrid fans have turned on Carlo Ancelotti after the 4-0 thrashing at the hands of Barcelona - despite being nine points clear in La Liga. And former Liverpool and Real star Xabi Alonso is wanted to replace the Italian. Real Madrid fans have urged the club to sack Ancelotti and replace him with Liverpool icon Alonso. The former midfielder is currently in charge of Real Sociedad’s B team, where he began as a player. Ancelotti has come under pressure from sections of his own supporters after a 4-0 drubbing at the hands of Barcelona. It was a startling result in the most recent El Clasico that indicated that here could be a shift in power in the coming months. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored twice, and grabbed an assist as well, as Xavi’s side gave a timely reminder of all the progress being made under the Spaniard. Unfortunately for them, it is unlikely to make much of a difference in terms of league standings with Real running away with the title. Los Blancos are nine points clear of second-placed Sevilla, who have looked inconsistent at best while this was a first loss in El Clasico for five years. That has not stopped Madrid fans losing faith in Ancelotti, though, who was already under pressure as a result of their Champions League form. A remarkable hat-trick from Karim Benzema against Paris Saint-Germain spared the Italian from suffering from a media hounding but fans remain unconvinced. Losing 4-0 to Barcelona is usually a death blow for many managers in the Bernabeu hotseat. According to Mundo Deportivo, Ancelotti’s successor has already been picked with Madridistas getting “Xabi Alonso” to trend in the wake of that thrashing. The Liverpool legend enjoyed a brilliant spell as a player in the Spanish capital. Alonso is currently coaching Real Sociedad’s B team, where he began his professional career, but his contract there will expire at the end of the season. For some fans, that would mean Los Blancos has the ideal opportunity to bring in their old player. Despite the title seemingly heading back to the Bernabeu this campaign, they have largely been helped by the lack of consistency from Barcelona and Atletico Madrid. But Xavi’s impact has been clear to see and has Real worried. Alonso spent five years at the club and became a fan favourite for his immaculate passing and brilliant consistency. He also spent the same amount of time at Liverpool, where he is equally as adored while his three seasons at Bayern Munich underlined his fantastic career across three European divisions - winning prizes everywhere he went. And while his managerial career is still in its infancy, many believe the 40-year-old will go on to translate his on-pitch success to the managerial dugout. Whether that will be at Real Madrid remains to be seen.