Football presenter and journalist Jules Breach feels encouraging signs are emerging with regards to the online treatment of women in the world of sport. The face of BT's mainstream coverage sat down to chat with Express Sport about the ever changing landscape and how more women are needed to help the sports industry advance. Speaking live to Pandora Forsyth during the launch show on Express Sport's Facebook and Twitter pages, Breach admitted that the nature of trolling sadly is unlikely to disappear any time soon, though a shifting in behaviour patterns is emerging. Speaking candidly, Breach said: "I think sadly trolling will always happen, it's just part and parcel of social media and until social media companies can crack down on it a little bit more. "I don't know what exactly they can do but there's something that needs to be done. I think that will always happen but I think that's just down to people's ability to be able to do that on social media. "In terms of my personal experiences I would say it has decreased. I'd say that at the start when people maybe weren't aware that I had knowledge and maybe people judged me by looking at me and thinking 'okay she's a young female, how can she have experience and knowledge of the game when she hasn't played it.' "That was probably more at the start and I think that now I've maybe changed people's opinions I don't tend to get that much trolling or negative comments. "You still get the odd one because like I said that's kind of natural on social media, that happens unfortunately. But I don't know whether that's also to do with the way I've handled it. "I've never bit back at anyone that's sent anything negative to me, I would never reply to them or highlight them. I always just go off the tactic of ignoring them. "I think most of these people who write negative things on social media that are unjustified - so when you are just criticising someone for being female and working in football - I think most of them just do it for attention, to get you to respond and be annoyed and agitated. "Either way I've seen a decrease and I'd like to think that's because there's more women in sport and football now and so people's attitudes are changing. I'd like to think it's because of that," she added. To watch the full #SheCan launch video online, please click here.