Ysgol Dyffryn Taf, a secondary school in the Carmarthenshire town of Whitland, has been criticised after images of school dinners served to pupils circulated on social media. Photos reveal a range of unappetising dishes including meat that appears to be undercooked and spaghetti bolognese swimming in water. The meals have been labelled “shocking” and “bloody awful”, with one social media user saying that the school “should be ashamed of themselves serving that to children”, Wales Online reported. The initial social media post has been shared hundreds of times and has prompted many concerned parents to post pictures their children had taken of similar meals - which they had bought and paid for at the school. One parent said: “My kids said they were bad but I didn’t think it was this bad.” Another said their son had refused to eat the school meals for the past two weeks because they were inedible. Another claimed: “That’s why my son’s coming home starving. He did mention the food was awful but I never imagined it was this bad! “Absolutely vile - he’s actually been sick a couple of times in school where I’ve had to pick him up. I’m seriously questioning now whether the food made him ill.” Shelley Webb, another parent from Pembrokeshire, posted a number of photos of food her daughter had been served online. She said: “The school changed their food in the past couple of months and since then not only has the selection got smaller, but the portion sizes have too. “Both the quantity and the quality of the food the children get is ridiculous. It’s £2.60 for what they call a ‘nutritious main meal’ - it’s basically one sausage, one scoop of mash, some carrots and cranberry sauce. I think it’s 95p for one fish finger!” Parents claim the quality of food on offer has declined in recent months, with the issue a growing concern among parents and children. The pictures have prompted many more to complain about the standard of food. Ms Webb said: “My daughter has complained about the quality of the food and the size of the portions before but I just thought she was moaning about school dinners in general like a lot of kids do. READ MORE: Russian astronauts light up the ISS by wearing Ukraine colours "But she showed me some of the pictures and then I believed her! The portion sizes aren’t big enough to feed a four-year-old, never mind teenagers. And my daughter will sometimes just have a snack in school or something like a cookie for lunch; I didn’t know why, but now I do now.” The mother said some parents had resorted to giving their children sandwiches due to the substandard quality of food. Ms Webb is one of a number of parents calling on the local authority to take action to improve the school dinners at Ysgol Dyffryn Taf. She said: “There needs to be a bit of value for money. “£2.60 for what my daughter gets is not enough to eat, even if the food was nice - which it isn’t, it’s inedible, I believe. “We as parents wouldn’t mind spending money on school dinners if they were nice and provided a good meal. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Joy for UK drivers as controversial EU law to be axed [LIVE]Putin's health unintentionally becomes focus of rally 'Frail' [BREAKING]Planning regs red tape ‘main reason’ for UK housing crisis – expert [LATEST] “I believe the quality of food is awful and the kids are either not eating or just eating a little bit and then coming home hungry. It’s horrendous and it's something that needs to be addressed.” Carmarthenshire Council, the authority responsible for education and school dinners at Ysgol Dyffryn Taf, told Wales Online it is looking into the matter urgently. Gareth Morgans, the council’s director of education and children’s services, said: “We are investigating these concerns as a matter of urgency now that it has been brought to our attention and would like to reassure parents that arrangements are in place to address this situation.” He urged parents and guardians or pupils to get in touch with any concerns about the standard of food in Carmarthenshire schools.