James Murray confirmed fans will get to see his portrayal of Prince Andrew in the upcoming series of The Crown. The Netflix drama has a tradition of updating its cast every two series as they jump forward in time and series five is set to be released later this year and will cover iconic royal moments from the 1990s. On Tuesday’s episode of This Morning, James spoke about his part in the upcoming series as he takes on the character of Prince Andrew.  Speaking to hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, James teased what fans of the Netflix show can expect. “I can confirm that I am playing a character called Andrew Windsor in The Crown for Netflix,” the actor announced. Keen to know more about what the series will cover, Phillip said: “These are the Major years we’re up to now, the John Major years.” Together they chatted about what parts of royal life fans will see portrayed in The Crown now that it’s set in the 90s. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? James confirmed the royal drama will depict the events surrounding the divorce of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson as well as Princess Diana’s divorce from Prince Charles. Considering recent controversies surrounding the Duke of York, Phillip went on to question how the actor feels about playing him in the series. In recent years Prince Andrew has made headlines due to sexual assault allegations against him. Last month, he agreed to settle out of court to avoid a trial and is believed to have paid around £12 million to his accuser Virginia Giuffre.   However, the Duke of York has not accepted any guilt and continues to strenuously deny the allegations made against him. Despite being aware of the controversy surrounding the royal, James insisted he didn’t think too much about that for his role in The Crown. The actor said: “How do I feel? Well, if I’m being professional it’s not really my job to feel too much or judge the character. “Remember we’re in the 90s before all the things that we know now. DON'T MISS...Fern Britton admits to missing 'chaos' of This Morning [MUST SEE]Don Warrington shares update on return to Death in Paradise [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly savages Matt Hancock 'Pound shop milk tray man' [WATCH] “I think I just have to read what’s on the page, do my research, and play that quasi-fictional character because otherwise it’s just going to get in the way,” he explained. James replaces Tom Byrne, who played a younger version of the Prince in earlier seasons of The Crown. As per the show’s tradition, the whole cast is new for the upcoming series of The Crown. Imelda Staunton will be leading the cast as Queen Elizabeth II, a role previously played by Olivia Coleman and Claire Foy.  Meanwhile, Dominic West and Elizabeth Debicki will be playing Prince Charles and Princess Diana. Jonathan Pryce, Lesley Manville, and Jonny Lee Miller are also confirmed to be appearing in the series. The fifth season is expected to be released onto Netflix in November this year. The Crown seasons 1 to 4 are available to stream on Netflix now. 