Richard Madeley, 63, has spoken up about how his wife Judy has been reluctant to appear on TV over the years. He explained that while he was happy and comfortable being on TV, his wife Judy Finnigan was not, even during the duo's heyday of their presenting partnership. Richard added that his wife was the most reluctant, but best, TV presenter he had ever met. In their joint ventures, he said that Judy writes books and manages the Richard and Judy book club alongside himself. The two also run a newspaper column together in The Express. Richard told The Sunday Times yesterday: “Judy would happily never go into a television studio again, she's just not interested," he said. READ MORE: BBC’s Clive Myrie flees Ukraine after gruelling journey “I like being on telly, Judy didn't. She was the most reluctant and best television presenter I've ever known. “So she writes books and we run the [Richard & Judy] Book Club together. “We do a newspaper column in the Express. “She's busy, she just doesn't want to be on telly.” The star added that being Richard “without Judy” was strange at first, referring to their Channel 4 show, Richard and Judy. The two were a favourite among daytime TV audiences in the UK. Richard explained it was “weird” being without her on TV at first. He said that the two first met in 1982, when he had already accomplished four years as a journalist at Border and Yorkshire and Granada. READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS] "A bit weird at first," Richard said, responding to the question about being on TV without Judy. "Although we both started many years before we got together, I didn't meet Judy until 1982. “I’d done four years by then, at Border and Yorkshire and Granada. “And she'd been at the BBC and then Anglia.” Richard recalled Judy was the first female reporter on Anglia News and that the two got together “doing regional news sitting behind a desk” alongside Tony Wilson. Richard is one of the three main presenters on ITV Breakfast show, Good Morning Britain. Prior to 2017, he was the main relief presenter on Channel 5’s The Wright Stuff from 2012. The star met Judy Finnigan in 1982 while they worked on separate TV shows for Granada Television.