Carla (played by Alison King) will soon start to see through Lydia's (Rebecca Ryan) corrupt schemes in upcoming scenes on Coronation Street. Lydia has been wreaking havoc on cobbles couple Adam (Sam Robertson) and Sarah Platt's (Tina O'Brien) everyday life. Will Carla put her own life at risk if she tells Sarah her husband has been telling the truth along about Lydia?  Since arriving in Weatherfield, Carla has experienced her fair share of conflict among residents. In scenes yet to air, she starts to become suspicious of Lydia who recently claimed she had an affair with married man Adam. While Adam has continued to deny her salacious claims, his wife Sarah has found it impossible to believe him. In upcoming scenes, Adam knocks back drinks and flirts with a woman, telling her his wife died in a car accident. READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera Having received a text message from Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan), Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) arrives and explains Adam's wife is still very much alive. Under Daniel’s instruction, Adam soon calls to see Sarah, but clocking his hungover state, she sends him packing. Drunk and upset, Adam spots Lydia and storms over to warn her he will prove how much of a liar she really is. However, Carla has been witnessing Lydia's actions in recent weeks and is not convinced she has been telling the truth.  Carla later decides to advise her personal assistant Sarah to think wisely before breaking it off with Adam on whether Lydia can be trusted. Will the businesswoman be the person to save Adam's reputation and relationship by proving the lawyer's innocence? Lydia has been convincing Weatherfield residents for weeks she and Adam have been having a steamy affair behind Sarah's back. She has even had him arrested for allegedly breaking into her home and trashing the place, which he didn't do as he was standing on the other side of the door in the hallway. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street rocked as resident given heartbreaking diagnosis? [LATEST]Coronation Street couple exit after explosive family feud? [LATEST]'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [MUST SEE]  Adam's career has also been impacted by the rumours Lydia has been fuelling around the town. Or will Carla be in grave danger if Lydia discovers she has been defending Adam and trying to save his marriage to Sarah? Lydia has made it clear to viewers she is capable of spinning twisted lies, but is she capable of killing Carla?   Lydia actress Rebecca recently spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about her character exiting the ITV soap. She explained: "She is potentially trying to save someone else from going through what she went through. "She does feel terrible that she’s done this to Sarah and that she’s so upset about it, but in a weird way, it’s her trying to help her. "She’s doing this not because she’s a bad person and wants to ruin lives for the sake of it, but she is doing it because she has genuinely been broken." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV. 