Alex Iwobi's dramatic late winner for Everton against Newcastle may have come at a cost after Frank Lampard admitted after the game - "I've broken my hand". The Toffees have been dragged into a relegation battle in recent weeks after four consecutive defeats.  They were coming up against an in-form Newcastle side who, prior to the defeat to Chelsea, had won six of their last seven league matches. Watford's win over Southampton at the weekend had put Everton on the edge of the relegation zone and it looked likely to be another frustrating night at Goodison Park for the hosts. Everton lacked any real threat going forward throughout the contest while Newcastle failed to test Jordan Pickford on too many occasions. The game appeared to be heading for a drab 0-0 draw, which wouldn't help Everton's fight against relegation. And things went from bad to worse when Allan was shown a red card for a strong challenge on Allan Saint-Maximin. At that point, hanging on for a draw appeared to be the best possible outcome for the hosts. But, in the ninth minute of added time, Dominic Calvert-Lewin led a counter-attack before finding Iwobi who finished neatly into the bottom corner. Wild celebrations followed with Lampard overjoyed on the touchline with Everton holding on to take all three points. And the former Chelsea boss may have come away with his own battle wounds after showing off his "broken hand" on Amazon Prime. "I’ve broken my hand by the way celebrating!" Lampard told Amazon Prime. "I’ll take it for three points. I didn’t realise at the time, but as the game carried on my hand started to get a bit more shaky. I don’t care though! "It was an amazing night, it’s important to put perspective on it because we need those nights and there’s a long way to go. But, we must enjoy it and realise what got us this result because it was spirit, it was togetherness. "Some players stood up tonight. Seamus Coleman, the captain, the way we defended our box. It was a tough game against a very strong team in Newcastle, and it was about spirit. "It wasn’t a night for quality or calm, we needed one where we had to fight for it. It means so much to everyone in this stadium and you heard that tonight."