Meghan Markle, 40, appeared at the NAACP Awards on February 27 along with her husband Prince Harry, 37. The Duchess of Sussex wore a custom-made gown by Christopher John Rogers worth an estimated £2,000. The stunning blue creation featured an asymmetric neckline, slim fit and thigh-high slit.  Meghan also sported Princess Diana's yellow gold omega chain cuff bracelet. The bracelet with blue cabochon stones was reportedly a gift from Prince Harry to Meghan to mark her first pregnancy. Royal fans began to recirculate images of the late Princess of Wales on social media wearing a very similar dress to Meghan. Diana visited Thailand on a royal tour in 1988 where she wore a fuchsia and violet silk sari on February 4. READ MORE: Key way Meghan Markle sets herself apart from Kate Middleton The Princess was having dinner with the King of Thailand in Bangkok when she wore the outfit reminiscent of Meghan’s gown. The red and purple chiffon evening dress was designed by Catherine Walker and Diana wore silk flowers in her hair. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk comparing the two royal ladies and if Meghan took inspiration from Diana. Judi said: “Their styles of beauty might be different, with Diana’s height and super-slim frame looking straight off a Milan catwalk, while Meghan is very much the Hollywood TV star. “But there is a moment here, during Meghan’s most recent appearance, where their charisma collided. “This was when Meghan’s dress and her posture seemed to directly channel the goddess-style elegance that Diana exuded on a tour of Thailand in 1988. “The colours are different but the cut is achingly familiar, with the statuesque shape and the contrasting sash crossing the upper chest diagonally before falling away in a dramatic train that reached the ground,” the expert noted. What were the royal women trying to demonstrate with their style?  Judi continued: “It’s a message of A-list, movie-star, retro glamour and both women carried the look off with the utmost elegance, creating an image of show-stopping elegance and charisma. “There is no room for displays of shyness or low self-esteem in a dress like this and both women wore them posing as supremely confident, solo performers. “Diana showed none of her signature traits of self-effacing diffidence here and, despite appearing with her husband Harry at her side, Meghan gazes out at the audience with a sense of stand-alone, regal assertiveness.” Why did the royal ladies choose dresses with a train?  Judi added: “A train on a dress or outfit was historically supposed to signify glory and splendour. “It is the ultimate sign of wealth and status. “Once banned because of health reasons (they picked up filth on dirty streets and floors) they now signal a sense of superiority from someone who only walks in clean conditions or who will have staff to lift the train behind them as they walk, as royals and brides do. “They extend the space of the wearer and make them appear unapproachable and unattainable, hence the sense of being worn by a ‘goddess’ when it comes to women’s evening wear.” 