Around 2am local time, residents heard the air split with the sound of air raid sirens, urging residents in different parts of the city to make for their nearest shelter. Buildings in the city were then illuminated by a huge blast. In footage captured by news crews, CBS News International Correspondent Charlie D’Agata ducks reflexively as explosions are set off behind him. This followed earlier Russian strikes that landed near the station, Ukraine's state-run railway company said on Wednesday night. The company, Ukrzaliznytsya, added the building was affected by the attack, and the number of casualties was not yet confirmed. They added: “Russian terrorists launched an air strike on the South Railway Station in Kyiv, where thousands of Ukrainian women and children are being evacuated.” Anton Herashchenko, Ukraine’s interior ministry adviser, said the missile strike may have damaged the supply of central heating to the city, which is gripped by glacial temperatures. He added the blast was down to wreckage from a cruise missile that had been shot from the sky by Ukrainian air defence forces, not a direct hit aimed by a Russian rocket. The shattered pieces of the missile then struck a heating pipe, which exploded. Mr Herashchenko added that the damage was less severe than if the missile had not been downed by defence forces. READ MORE: Lavrov issues chilling warning to West over nuclear war Trains continued to whisk women and children from Kyiv. In the aftermath of the multiple blasts across Kyiv, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky sent a message to his people, spurring on renewed efforts against Russian forces. He said in a video: "Every occupier should know they will receive a fierce rebuff from the Ukrainians. "We are a nation that broke the enemy's plans in a week but we stopped them.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: 'Scared children' Russian morale crumbling [LIVE] China joins the world in turning its back on Russia [REPORT] Tell us who the Russian enemies in our midst are, Boris- PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT] He claimed nearly 9,000 Russian soldiers have been killed since the start of the invasion, whilst Moscow claims this number is as low as 498. He then reiterated his call for the invading troops to “go home”. He said: "Wherever they go, they will be destroyed. "They will not have calm here, they will not have food, they will not have one quiet moment. "The occupiers will receive only one thing from Ukrainians: resistance. Fierce resistance. Such resistance that they will forever remember that we don't give up what is ours, that they will remember what a patriotic war is." On Thursday morning, the UN Refugee Agency reported that over one million people had fled Ukraine as refugees since the Russian invasion a week ago. Filippo Grandi, head of the agency, tweeted: "In just seven days we have witnessed the exodus of one million refugees from Ukraine to neighbouring countries. “For many millions more, inside Ukraine, it’s time for guns to fall silent, so that life-saving humanitarian assistance can be provided.” Ukraine’s state emergencies services have said more than 2,000 civilians have died, but this number remains hard to verify. This comes after days of heavy bombardment of Ukraine’s second city, Kharkiv. On Wednesday, regional governor for Kharkiv Oleg Synegubo said at least 21 people were killed and 112 were wounded in shelling in Kharkiv in the last 24 hours. Russian troops also claimed control of the southern Ukrainian city of Kherson, which the city mayor had previously rebuked. But reports now suggest Russian troops have breached the centre of the port city, in what has been interpreted by some as Russia’s first significant gain of the war.