Baba Vanga died in the mid-90s, but in her lifetime gave many prophecies, some of which have been matched up to real-life events. Now, as the Russian President continues his invasion of Ukraine and has threatened nuclear war, the mystic’s insights have come to light once more. According to BirminghamLive, in a meeting with writer Valentin Sidorov, Baba Vanga said: “All will thaw, as if ice, only one remain untouched – Vladimir’s glory, the glory of Russia. “Too much it is brought in a victim. Nobody can stop Russia. “All will be removed by him from the way and not only will he be kept but also become the lord of the world.” According to the Daily Post, Baba Vanga predicted a glorious future for Russia on a different occasion during her life. READ MORE: Baba Vanga 2021: Did the blind mystic predict coronavirus? The Bulgarian clairvoyant predicted that Russia would be the world’s only superpower. She also made a chilling prophecy about the use of nuclear weapons and World War 3. Pundits on Russian state media have already forewarned of “universal” nuclear war that could spiral out of the conflict in Ukraine. On Wednesday, Russia’s deputy ambassador to the UN, Dmitry Polyanskiy, issued a disturbing threat to Western nations. He stated that if Russia were “attacked” or “provoked” by NATO, “we are a nuclear power, why not?” Asked at the UN in New York whether he thought that was a legitimate claim, he added: “I don't think it's the right thing to be saying. “But it's not the right thing to threaten Russia, and to try to interfere. So when you're dealing with a nuclear power, of course, you have to calculate all the possible outcomes of your behaviour.” The previous day, Putin’s spokesperson said that the Russian President could use nuclear weapons to see off an “existential threat”. DON'T MISS Major emergency after massive tower block fire emits thick smoke plume [REPORT] Horror as family-of-five leap from high rise building – four dead [INSIGHT] Putin's Achilles' heel exposed as Russian despot facing REVOLT [ANALYSIS] Born Vangelia Gushterova, Baba Vanga was blinded as a child in a freak tornado accident. However, she went on to believe that she had been gifted the power of foresight and made hundreds of predictions. She rose to prominence as a clairvoyant after predicting the sinking of the Kursk submarine over a decade before it did. In 1980, she predicted that in August 1999 the “Kursk will be covered with water and the whole world will weep over it”. In fact, the Kursk sank a year later, in August 2000, killing all on board. In 1989, the Bulgarian mystic said: “The American brethren will fall after being attacked by the steel birds. “The wolves will be howling in a bush, and innocent blood will be gushing.” This has connected to the World Trade Center attack on September 11 2001 when passenger planes were flown into the buildings.