Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, otherwise known as Mrs Hinchliffe, rose to fame after sharing clever cleaning tips and product recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning influencer now has an astounding 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Inspired by the cleaning guru, fans of hers now regularly take to Facebook pages dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and hacks with one another. One of these hacks includes a 29p method of achieving the “softest” towels. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to bring her towels “back to life”. Bev Reynolds wrote: “Anyone have any tips on how to bring towels back to life please?” Eventually even the best towels can become stiff, scratchy and not very absorbent. Towels can become hard after washing them if they build up soapy residue and are over-dried. READ MORE: Amanda Owen: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm star’s home According to most Mrs Hinch fans, white vinegar is the best way to achieve “soft” towels. Allyson Childs-Murphy said: “Wash them with a splash of white vinegar.” Trace G Thorp commented: “Cap full of white vinegar, dry on the line and then put in the tumble dryer for 10 minutes.” Joyce Soar explained: “I always use white vinegar when washing my towels. It makes them super soft. Honestly, I swear by it.” DON'T MISS:How to sell your house: The 6 ways to make your home more appealing [TIPS]Energy bills: 'Simple' radiator trick to help save money on bills [INSIGHT]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT] Abbie Walley wrote: “My mum swears by white vinegar and she has the softest, fluffiest towels.” Rachel Wiley said: “Mine are normally stiff but I’ve been putting white vinegar in the wash with them recently and they have come out fluffy and the softest they have ever been.” Lisa David suggested: “Use white vinegar in the wash, line dry and tumble dry at the end to fluff them up.” Hazel Bate replied: “Ive used white vinegar for the first time and was surprised that they are not as stiff as normal. “Plus, there’s no white vinegar smell left behind.” Tina Clegg added: “If you want the softest towels you need to use white vinegar. I swear by this stuff.” White vinegar doesn’t just make towels fluffy, more absorbent, and better smelling, it can also clean stained towels. It can be picked up from local supermarkets like Asda for as little as 29p.  Many Mrs Hinch fans warned against using fabric softener to wash bath towels. Sue Kennedy said: “Fabric softener stops them from being as absorbent as they should be because the conditioner coats the fibres.” Lisa Kinder agreed: “The reason for no fabric softeners is your towel is supposed to exfoliate your skin whilst drying.” Amanda Smith explained: “Don’t use fabric softener when washing towels as the enzymes in the softener rips out the softness.”