The royal couple spent a week crisscrossing the Caribbean islands at a pivotal time in their history. Republican sentiment has become increasingly mainstream in recent years, with several nations on the verge of prizing themselves from the British monarchy. Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas have all expressed their intention to leave, and the future King and Queen have addressed that in a recent Twitter thread. In a post this afternoon, the royal couple said the people of the nations they visited deserved to choose their own futures. They wrote: "Foreign tours are an opportunity to reflect. You learn so much. What is on the minds of Prime Ministers. "The hopes and ambitions of school children. The day-to-day challenges faced by families and communities. "I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future." READ MORE: Camilla heartbreak as Duchess shares touching Mother's Day message "In Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. "But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries understanding more about the issues that matter most to them. "Catherine and I are committed to service. For us, that's not telling people what to do. "It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have." "It is why tours such as this reaffirm our desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to communities around the world. "Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. "What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can." The statement comes after a "perfect storm" of a tour deemed "misjudged". While likely designed to foster a closer connection with those looking for separation from the Royal Family in the Caribbean, it may have had the opposite effect. BBC royal correspondent Jonny Dymond called their trip to Trench Town a "PR disaster". Writing on the publication's website, he said the couple's appearance in the Kingston suburb appeared as "some sort of white-saviour parody". He, and many others, drew attention to an image in which the couple greeted young children who had stretched their hands through the spaces in a wire fence. The controversial moment followed a cancelled trip to Belize, which was derailed by protesters. Fragmented demonstrations trailed them elsewhere, with elected officials speaking candidly about their plans. Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness told the Duke and Duchess his government would pursue a republic, a move long assented by the country's citizens. Ultimately, the couple's first engagement abroad in two years defined an entirely new relationship for the UK and Caribbean, one they have pledged to support.