Dame Joan Collins, 88, has revealed she was pelted with a bread roll when she celebrated a close friend’s birthday at the Chelsea Arts private members club in London. The Dynasty star was left “upset” by the incident and left the club soon after to compose herself. Joan recalled the confrontation, which happened earlier this year, and explained that the bread-thrower was a fan who wanted to sit at her table. After she was refused and told to return to her own table, she became angry and took her frustrations out on the iconic actress. The mother-of-three told MailOnline: “A drunken diner who inappropriately wanted to sit with us got upset and threw a hard bread roll at me. READ MORE:'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase "She didn't even have the decency to follow it up with the butter!" Joan and her husband Percy Gibson, 57, were attending a private dinner for a close friend's birthday, her former publicist Stella Wilson. Following the attack, Joan and Percy left the venue so she could compose herself. Stella added to the aforementioned publication: “Joan understandably was upset. “Nobody likes to have something thrown at them. “I was disappointed she had to miss the rest of my birthday, but I completely understood why she left. I would have walked out too. “Thank goodness it was only a bread roll. That was the frightening part of it.” Stella added that the woman was visibly drunk, “swaying around and not making any sense”. DON'T MISSAlex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White[LATEST]Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat[INSIGHT]'It's sad' Karren Brady on Oprah Winfrey being hailed as a role model[NEWS] She also told Joan that she has “always admired” her work. The perpetrator is now banned from the club for life and her friend, who is reportedly a lord, had his membership terminated. It comes after Dame Joan was praised by fellow actress Catherine Zeta-Jones for a cheeky dig at the Kardashians. The Golden Globe winner shared a photo of herself applying lipstick to her 270,000 Instagram followers. The caption under the picture read: “In a world full of Kardashians, dare to be a Joan Collins.” Catherine swiftly commented on the post with her own remark. The Chicago star penned: “I dare you!!!” Rod Stewart’s ex-wife Alana also commented saying: “A true natural beauty!” And RuPaul’s Drag Race contestant, Miss Fame, exclaimed: “Yessss.”