By 10 pm they're exhausted. They've been dancing since early in the morning, with only short breaks for lunch and snacks, and Madonna is still not satisfied. The Queen of Pop is putting a clutch of weary dancers through the choreography for some of her greatest hits, from Like A Prayer to Vogue. But she's not trying out a team of backup dancers for a new tour. This is a punishing audition for the most important role in Madonna's career - herself. The 63-year-old singer is auditioning actresses to play her younger self in a hotly awaited feature film about the life of the Material Girl. And many of today's leading young actresses are vying for the juiciest role up for grabs in Hollywood. "It's Madonna boot camp," says an insider. "It's been going on for months and it's gruelling." British stars including Florence Pugh and Emma Laird are competing for the role against American Madonna-wannabes including Julia Garner and Euphoria stars Sydney Sweeney and Alexa Demie. Singing stars Bebe Rexha and Sky Ferreira are also in contention. The ultimate winner will have to sing, dance and act to portray Madonna's rise from obscurity in suburban Michigan to her global Blond Ambition tour in 1990. "You have to be able to do everything," says a source close to the auditions. Actresses competing for the coveted role are working with Madonna's choreographer in sessions that last up to 11 hours a day, and if they survive that they face dance training with Madonna herself. She is also supervising the actors as they read for the role, and critically scrutinises their singing auditions. And when Madonna finally makes her choice, the winning actress will face months more training in singing, dance and movement to capture the brash, sexualised hauteur of the pop superstar in her heyday. The singer explains that the film will be "about my struggle as an artist trying to survive in a man's world as a woman, and really just the journey." It's been a long, wild trip she describes as "happy, sad, mad, crazy, good, bad and ugly." You'd never know from her choice of clothes - or her toyboys - but at 63, Madonna has been superseded and eclipsed by several younger generations of singing stars and her passion for the movie is seen by some as a way of recapturing her lost youth. To ensure a sympathetic telling, she is controlling every aspect of the movie, which she has co-written and plans to direct. She admits to aggressively rebuffing Hollywood studios that previously sought her blessing for biopics. "The reason I'm doing it is because a bunch of people have tried to write movies about me but they're always men," says Madonna. Recalling a script once offered by Universal Pictures - the studio now making her new movie - she says: "It was the most hideous, superficial c**p I've ever read." That film was to be directed by a man she brands "a total misogynist... why would these people make a movie about my life? There is nothing true in the script... the guy who is making it has no understanding of women, no appreciation for women, no respect for women." So Madonna fought to halt the production. "I had to call people up, call up the heads of studios, call up my agents, threaten them and say that I will stand in front of the building and protest and make everybody's life a misery if they go through with it - and they still did not take me seriously." "So finally I just threw down the gauntlet." Madonna, who has sold more than 335 million albums, calls her new project a "visual autobiography" and explains: "It's not a musical but there's a lot of music and there's a lot of the actress who will play me singing my songs, but in places where she's supposed to be singing." She admits it has been "a pretty crazy experience so far". The singer co-wrote the script with Oscar-winning Juno screenwriter Diablo Cody, but Madonna continues to tweak the pages. "I'm just in the writing process and just deciding which stories to tell, how much detail to go into, which characters to develop," she says. "It's really been a long and arduous process but it's been really therapeutic as well." The film will follow Madonna's rise from dingy New York nightclubs to sold-out stadium concerts and her troubled experience bringing Andrew Lloyd Webber's stage musical Evita to the big screen in 1996. "I think I had a few nervous breakdowns worrying that I was going to be fired every day," she confesses. "He was not nice to me. I'm not sure he even wanted me in the movie." Madonna's film will feature '80s art world glitterati including the late Andy Warhol, Keith Haring and Jean-Michel Basquiat, but it is unclear if Madonna will delve into her disastrous four-year marriage to actor Sean Penn, which ended in 1989. "Honestly, one of the best times of my life and one of the worst times," she says. "I hope I can portray or express what a thrilling time that was for me in every way." Madonna will also recreate her classic videos for songs including Like A Virgin and "a great scene of me writing Like A Prayer with Pat Leonard... all the way to the devastating and who tell than experience with Pepsi". The soda company cut ties with her after the song's controversial video was accused of blasphemy by the Vatican. The star has also promised that her movie will feature members of New York's Harlem ballroom demimonde who inspired her 1990 hit Vogue, which brought the blend of dance and model-like posing into the mainstream. There's little doubt that Madonna would dearly love to be playing herself in the movie, if she could. She first tasted Hollywood success with 1985's Desperately Seeking Susan, starred in 1990's Dick Tracy and A League Of Their Own in 1992, but critics found her ambition greater than her acting skills. The singer is at her best when playing herself - a calculatedly provocative commercialised construct of the pop music-industrial complex - in such documentaries as 1991's In Bed With Madonna, and last year's Madame X film to accompany her album of the same name. But the mother of six, perhaps aware that movie make-up and Vaseline filters cannot turn back time, recognises the need to cast a younger actress for the role. Florence Pugh, 26, star of horror movie Midsommar, Little Women and superhero adventure Black Widow, is the singer's leading contender. "We haven't decided yet," says Madonna, "but she's definitely up there on the list." Emma Laird, 23, considered a rising star in Hollywood after featuring in thriller series Mayor Of Kingstown, is also a front-runner. Joining them is Julia Garner, 28, who stars in crime series Ozark, and recently played a NewYork conwoman in mini-series Inventing Anna. Julia Fox, 32, who won acclaim for her role opposite Adam Sandler in Uncut Gems, and until recently was dating Kanye West, has also met Madonna to discuss playing her close friend, actress Debi Mazar. Madonna's involvement goes far beyond that of most celebrities who help steer their movie biographies. Elton John served as executive producer on Rocketman, while Serena and Venus Williams executive produced King Richard, about their father. But Madonna wants total control "There are so many untold and inspiring stories," she says, "and who better to tell them than me?"