Hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas were quick to move on when a outfit error by the singer left viewers with an eyeful. Answering a question that a fan tweeted Camila busted a move and her top as her shift flapped open to "flash" viewers. Guest Alan Carr threw his hands up to cover the shocked expression on his face after witnessing the wardrobe malfunction live before the watershed. At the end of the Show, Alex apologised to The One Show viewers. She said: "Sorry again for Camilla's wardrobe malfunction, bless her it happens to the best of us." Read More: Holly Willoughby breaks down in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing  Zooming in from her home, the star divulged that she had a belated birthday party at the weekend, which she was still recovering from. The release of her new single Bam Bam also marked her 25th birthday. Before talking more about music, she also sent her love to Alan. She said: "I love you, and I think you are so funny, and I can't wait to watch Interior Design Masters."  Alan was on the show to promote the next season of his BBC design competition. Ironically just before she busted out of her top, she described how her new song was about life and how it can be troublesome. She continued: "The song is really about the cycles of life and how things are awesome and then get really hard, 'That's life.'" The request that led to the unfortunate event was when host Jermaine posed a question from a fan. DON’T MISS…Countryfile viewers 'switch off' over 'preachy' episode: 'Want to escape politics!' [LATEST]NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war: 'Who cares!' [LATEST]Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' as she joins with Donnie Wahlberg for new project [LATEST]   He asked: "Camilla, the fans can't wait for your new music. We've got a question here from Mya on Twitter asking, 'What is your favourite Bam Bam dance move?'" Jumping up to show her favourite step, she let out a disclaimer: "I actually just undid my pants as I had a family thing, and I have to make it easy for myself." Implying that she had a big meal and wanted to feel comfortable, she went to flick her hair aside but, in doing so, flapped her top open to expose her chest momentarily. Shutting her top, like the true star she is, she simply kept dancing and apologised when she finished adding that she hoped she didn't "flash" them all.   Despite only lasting a split second, fans tweeted their shock with @Stormschaser commented: "While watching @BBCTheOneShow I think we all saw more of @Camila_Cabello than we bargained for. Alan Carr’s face was a picture #bbctheoneshow #TheOneShow #bbc #oops #reveal." @VIC_Bright_eyes thought she couldn't love the star anymore: "I just fell in love with @Camila_Cabello that little bit more (I said bit, not tit!) What a lovely lady, natural beauty with a lovely personality- refreshing to see !! So what if she flashed a nipple! #TheOneShow." (sic) Fan @LouiseAlebree chimed in with: "How gorgeously down to earth was Camila. Wouldn't it be wonderful if people chose not to share pictures of her wardrobe malfunction out of respect? #TheOneShow." The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One at 7pm. 