David Harper knows a thing or two about antiques after landing his first television role back in 2005 as a presenter of Channel 4's Natural Born Dealer. Despite his illustrious career in the limelight, the Middlesbrough man likes to keep his personal life under wraps. However, the Bargain Hunt star has candidly spoken about the time he was "furious" at his defiant daughter, who is the lead vocalist of a punk rock band. David welcomed his only daughter, Henrietta, with his wife Wendy Harper, whom he married in 1997, according to Hello Magazine. Henrietta a.k.a. Hetti, 25, lives in London and is the lead singer in a rock band called Tiffany Twisted. With a life on the road, the musician is a self-confessed tattoo and piercing fanatic with more than 30 tattoos and seven piercings. After her very first tattoo, it is safe to say the TV expert didn’t take the news lightly, after claiming he “went ballistic”. READ MORE:Sue Nicholls health: TV viewer spotted star's 'red flag' cancer sign He recalled: “I was genuinely furious and told her she was going to have to live with it forever, but that didn't stop her having more. “As she's now an adult, living independently in London, there wasn't much more I could say,” he told The Daily Mail. Having been a regular face on Bargain Hunt, David made the announcement he was stepping down from the BBC hit daytime show in 2020, after 15 years of service. The antiques expert took to Twitter to reveal that he was saying goodbye to the show which was met with plenty of disappointed messages from fans. He wrote: "Bargain Hunt Announcement: After 15 happy years on @BBCBargainHunt I've decided, now is the time to move on and hang up my golden gavels (I do have a few, I promise!)." The 55-year-old gushed: “Thanks for the fun and memories. “Cheers and keep watching! David." Celebrity Gogglebox star Gyles Brandreth was one of the first to reply to the statement, saying: "Oh no! You'll be sorely missed!” he asked: “What next?" David grew up with a love of antiques which fuelled his career on both Bargain Hunt and Antiques Road Trip during his time on the shows. Showing an interest from a young age, David had collected coins and stamps from the age of five. Making his first purchase at the age of nine, the TV star bought a Victorian silver plated basket for his mum's birthday. Although he’s a man from the north, the art specialist was brought up in Zimbabwe as a child after his dad took up a job in Africa. DONT MISS... Speaking about his childhood, David recalled: "It was a very strict school over there, that’s for sure. “We got punished for trivial things like not having your socks rolled correctly at the top,” he told The Daily Mail While he hasn't appeared on Bargain Hunt since his announcement, David is still making some television appearances. Bargain Hunt is available to watch on weekdays on BBC One.