Better Call Saul is the AMC spin-off of Netflix's critically acclaimed crime series Breaking Bad. As it has been almost two years since the season five finale, viewers were excited to see a full-length trailer which featured a familiar face.  With the release of the trailer of the sixth and final season of Better Call Saul, fans will, at last, see the final phase of Saul Goodman’s (Bob Odenkirk) transformation. Throughout the series, fans have watched him go from the legit and eager young lawyer to a full on con man, but not without trouble. In the trailer, it showed Goodman reach his final transformation and with newfound confidence, it was embraced to the fullest. The action-packed teaser also featured a familiar face which fans were quick to notice and tweet about, causing a frenzy on social media. READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled?  At the 48 second mark, observant viewers noticed Spooge (David Ury), who had made his first appearance in the franchise on Breaking Bad. He made his first appearance in season two and was best remembered to fans as the dangerous drug addict who stole Meth from Skinny Pete (Charles Baker). Spooge had done so at knifepoint in an attempt to help his wife who was also an addict. The heist took place during the episode titled ‘Breakage’ which saw the couple take off with an ounce of meth.  Fan-favourite Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) had accompanied Skinny Pete at Spooge’s house with a gun to retrieve the drugs and steal some cash. In an effort to pay the guys back, Spooge was trying to break into an ATM he had previously stolen from a convenience store. While he was drilling into it from the bottom, Spooge began verbally insulting his wife. As a result, she got fed up and tipped the ATM over which ended up falling onto his head, it crushed his skull and killed him instantly.  DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul's Gus Fring star lands huge new role ahead of finale [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul’s Bob Odenkirk opens up on set collapse [INSIGHT] Although he died in Breaking Bad, Spooge’s appearance in the Better Call Saul trailer was possible as the series is a prequel. After Brain Davids posted a comparison pic of the two moments in Spooge’s life, fans were over the moon when they remembered where they had recognised the character from. @KristenDriscoll commented: “Spooge cleans up so nicely that I didn’t recognize him. Great catch!” Meanwhile, @Jmanz327 recalled: “That Breaking Bad episode was great.”  Another Twitter user, @DShepeck, added: “I knew it was Spooge!!” @nakedenglishman tweeted: “Oh s**t! Great spot.” Twitter user @thejeonandonly added: “What??? no way?!?! God, I can't believe I'm remembering that death scene again at 10 in the morning ughhh.” @ACMilandrew stated: “I knew I recognised that voice.” Better Call Saul season 6 premieres on AMC in the USA on April 18 and the next day on Netflix in the UK. 