Christian Eriksen scored with his first touch on his return to the Denmark team against Holland. The Brentford midfielder had not featured for his country since suffering a cardiac arrest at Euro 2020. Eriksen took time away from football after collapsing against Finland in an incident that rocked the football world last summer. The playmaker quit his Italian club Inter Milan before signing for Premier League new-boys Brentford earlier this year. The 30-year-old has had a heart-starting device (ICD) fitted in case he suffers another heart attack but he is not letting the setback get him down and has made a flying return to international football. Denmark were trailing 3-1 in a friendly match against Holland when Eriksen was introduced at half-time and he received a standing ovation from both sets of supporters. He wasted no time in making his mark on the game and found the top corner from 12-yards out with his first touch following a cut-back from the right flank.   Holland took the lead when Tottenham ace Steven Bergwijn found the net inside 16 minutes. Southampton man Jannik Vestergaard equalised four minutes later but Nathan Ake restored the hosts' advantage. Barcelona forward Memphis Depay converted a spot-kick before the break to put Holland 3-1 up. Ahead of the friendly clash, Eriksen explained why he was ready to make an emotional return: “As I’ve said before, it’s a strange experience to have had, because I have no side-effects, except the ICD. “People outside have a lot of emotions; you’ve got emotions and my family have got emotions. It’s been three months where we’ve just been together as a family and getting that up and running again.”  He added: “Sabrina, the kids, my parents, and parents-in-law had to get used to the fact that I’m here. The thought of me not being here needs to go. “I’m here, I’m staying here. That thought needs to get into them. That took some time. “So, I think it was healthy for us to have that time together, for these thoughts to fall into the right place and start trusting each other. I started trusting my heart and the ICD and so did Sabrina.”