The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are mid-way through their Caribbean trip, travelling to Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas in honour of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. But the jovial images of William, 39, and wife Kate, 40, have come in contrast with a number of protests in Belize and Jamaica as the royal couple continue their visit to the Commonwealth islands. In posts published on the Duke and Duchess’s official Twitter page, quips and messages were written in the first or fourth person - unusual for the Kensington Palace account. In one post, the Duke and Duchess announced: “We’ve arrived in Jamaica”, later following up with a message to local residents of “thank you Trench Town”. Even before the couple touched down in Kingston, the tone of the tweets was infused with a more direct, personal tinge that seemed to come directly from the future king. In one tweet marking the start of the visit, the account posted: “Catherine and I are delighted to be here in Belize at the beginning of our first official visit to the Caribbean.” The couple has shared jubilant images of the royals getting stuck into new skills in the Belizian jungle, and glittering at a special reception after visiting ancient Mayan ruins near the border with Guatemala. However, the royal entourage was met with vocal protests in Belize from local residents, and similar opposition from campaign groups in Jamaica ahead of their arrival. The Duke and Duchess cancelled a visit to a village in Belize after local residents protested against their arrival as the first stop on the Platinum Jubilee tour. The royal couple was set to visit the Akte’il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek, but a dispute between Flora and Fauna International - of which Prince William is a patron - and residents of the Toledo district led to the trip being axed. READ MORE: Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed The Duke and Duchess’s helicopter was supposed to land on a nearby football field. Sebastian Shol, chair of Indian Creek village, told the Daily Mail: “We don’t want them to land on our land, that’s the message that we want to send. “They could land anywhere, but not on our land.” A Kensington Palace spokesperson said: “We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location.” DON'T MISS: Royal LIVE: Royals warned ‘Jamaicans angry about treatment of Meghan' [LIVE] Prince William 'riddled with anxiety gestures' during royal tour [INSIGHT]Stunning Kate Middleton is more 'First Lady' than 'royal wife' [ANALYSIS] Then, just before the couple jetted from Belize City to the Jamaican capital of Kingston, protesters in Jamaica called for an apology from the future rulers and for reparations for the British role in slavery. Opal Adisa, who helped put together the protest outside the British High Commission building, joined the chorus calling for the monarchy to acknowledge and make amends for the slave trade. Ms Adisa called William and Kate “beneficiaries”, adding: “They are, in fact, complicit because they are positioned to benefit specifically from our ancestors, and we're not benefiting from our ancestors.” She said: "The luxury and the lifestyle that they have had and that they continue to have, traipsing all over the world for free with no expense, that is a result of my great, great grandmother and grandfather, their blood and tears and sweat." On Wednesday, Prince William and Kate met with Jamaican Prime Minister, Andrew Holness, and his wife, who said the country was “very happy” to host the Duke and Duchess on their royal tour. However, Mr Holness added their trip was an “opportunity for issues to be addressed” with the backdrop of vocal protests in the country’s capital ahead of the couple’s arrival. He told the couple: "You will have seen the spectrum of expression yesterday". Mr Holness said: "Jamaica is a very free and liberal country. "The people are very expressive and I'm certain that you will have seen the spectrum of expression yesterday, which as you would know is unresolved. "Your presence gives an opportunity for those issues to be placed in context, put front and centre, and to be addressed as best as we can." Referencing Barbados, he added Jamaica was looking to "fulfil our true ambition and destiny as an independent, developed and prosperous country". Barbados voted to remove the Queen as head of state in December 2021, replacing the monarch with an elected president in a ceremony attended by Prince Charles.