Eve Scragg, 36, and her partner wanted the stability of owning their own home but, though their own marketing company takes in £80,000, they found issues in trying to secure a mortgage. Lenders were concerned about how Eve's self-employment was affecting her credit score, even though it was far from bad. "All the major banks said I didn't have good credit," Eve told Mirror.co.uk. "It turned out not having borrowed money previously, which I thought was a good thing, turned out to be bad in that respect. "The problem was credit score and that I'm self-employed. "Lots of my friends are in the same boat and think it's not even possible for them to buy properties. Especially in Bristol, where prices are extremely high. Being self-employed is something lenders frown on." Eve and her partner started Fan the Flames, a marketing and content creation firm, in Bristol last year.  More than four million Brits are self-employed but mortgage lenders typically need to see two to three years' worth of income before giving a contract. And due to Eve's complications, two mortgage lenders pulled out after making offers. The business owner continued: "I thought we might not get a mortgage, there was a lot of tears and stress and calls to my mum, who used to do conveyancing so has a lot of knowledge. "It was an incredibly difficult and stressful process." Eve eventually turned to Bluestone Mortgages, which specialises in customers who are rejected by mainstream lenders. She and her partner now proudly own a three-bedroomed terrace house in Bristol. Eve added: "They were really quick and helpful, and now we own a house with a garden and on a lovely quiet street. "Bluestone were one of the only people left who would consider us." Consumers were warned last month the criteria will soon become tighter with the cost of living continuing to rise. Matt Coulson, director and principal at Heron Financial, said the entire situation "is bad news for first time buyers and families looking to move to a bigger property."