Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has continued his attempts to get under Mercedes boss Toto Wolff's skin in the build-up to Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix. Horner hopes to end the Silver Arrows' eight-year reign of dominance in the constructors' standings this season, following Max Verstappen's solo success in 2021. General fans of F1, but viewers of the popular Netflix series Drive To Survive in particular, will be familiar with Horner's tendency to attempt to rile up his rivals. And the 48-year-old is turning it up a notch, with just five days to go until the 2022 season gets underway in the Middle East. Horner has cited Red Bull's sole focus on racing has supported their monumental uprise to move alongside Mercedes on the grid. JUST IN: Max Verstappen prediction will be music to the ears of Lewis Hamilton He told MailSport: "The fundamental differences are that Mercedes is a team that has evolved over the years and grown to such a scale that it is a very well-oiled machine across all of its functions on-track, off-track, politically and media-wise. "Whereas we have retained the essence of a race team. When you turn up at our factory in Milton Keynes, your sole purpose is to work for the race team to improve the car and achieve the best results we can. "You have to be prepared to move quickly, and you've got to be able to react quickly, not be afraid to speak up, not be afraid to speak your mind." READ MORE: Red Bull make Vettel prediction about Max Verstappen in Hamilton fight The Red Bull chief has claimed the tension between Hamilton and Verstappen has stemmed from Mercedes finally facing a threat they can't influence through various aspects. He continued: "We are a bit more of a maverick than any other team, and that is why Mercedes have not been able to control us. "Either through engine supply or drivers, Mercedes have done that with pretty much every other team over past years. There has been an element of influence. "There isn't that influence with Red Bull, and that makes us a very dangerous competitor. That inability to control us is at the heart of the tension between us." Horner also aimed a dig at Wolff personally, suggesting Mercedes are 'controlling', and he believes the fact Red Bull are challenging with such established motorsport names is ruffling feathers. "They are a very controlling group. That is Toto's mantra. Suddenly, we are playing in their back yard with the engine too," Horner concluded. "How can an energy drinks company build a chassis that takes on and beats Mercedes, Ferrari, Renault, McLaren? It sits very uncomfortably. "Now that we are taking on the power unit and attracting some of the best talent in the business, that is even worse. How can Red Bull produce a competitive engine? That's our target."