Gary (played by Mikey North) is going to be a huge character on Coronation Street over the coming weeks as his time of being the cobbles supervillain comes back to haunt him. Having murdered Rick Neelan (Greg Wood), the ITV soap stalwart must do anything he can to protect his secrets and ensure his life with wife Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) isn't destroyed. It seems the end could be nigh for the dodgy dealer and the actor who plays him, Mikey, has spoken to Express.co.uk and other media about whether this could be time for his alter-ego. The soap star said: "This is where his world comes crashing down, essentially. He always thought he could manage to get his way around it. "But that body is the one thing that could signal trouble and this is the worst-case scenario," he added as he discussed his character's potential downfall. Mikey continued: "It's all a bit of a ticking time bomb at the minute and I guess the next few months are going to be crucial for Gary's life. "It's going to be exciting times and hopefully some good stuff for the viewers to watch. These scripts have been some of the best stuff I have read while I've been here. "So hopefully, it's all good," he continued, before talking about the idea of his character ending up in jail, which would mean a subsequent exit from the show. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Mikey said about Gary ending up in jail: "I've been in there enough. I think I've done two or three stints in there now. "I'm not looking forward to returning if that's where he going to go. I've done so much time," he continued, so are writers planning on an exit for the troubled character? The actor spoke about whether his alter-ego's actions have been justified over the past three years, from killing Rick to being behind the deaths of three other people. "I think it totally depends on the manner of how that happens," Mikey remarked. "Just thinking back on the time I've been here, maybe someone like a Phelan [Connor McIntyre] who in the end kidnapping people and doing it for the sake of doing it." "I guess it does make things a little bit harder but if there is that redeeming factor, a character can show they are changing themselves or there was a reason for why they did it in the first place," he added. "I guess it does become more forgivable, it just depends on the circumstances." The actor was also asked where he would like to see his character go in the future if he were to stay on the cobbles. Mikey admitted: "I think it's my 14th or 15th year now, in these sort of interviews I said, 'I just want to be the bad guy.' "'I just love playing the bad guy and getting into fights and doing all of that,'" he continued but it seems the supervillain plot has given him a new perspective on the future. DON'T MISS...'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [COMMENT]Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure [ANALYSIS]Corrie star Susie Blake explains why she hasn’t dated since 2000 [COMMENT] The soap star explained: "Maybe it's me getting a little bit older, it's all good doing that but playing the sort of nicer, happy Jack the Lad, a bit of comedy in there, I've definitely started to enjoy that more as I've got older. "So I like the best of both worlds and been able to do bits of both," he continued. If Gary, therefore, does avoid going to jail for his crimes, he could start to repent for his sins as he tries to get the community back on his side. Over the past two years, in particular, viewers have watched as the residents of Weatherfield have turned on Gary after discovering he was a loan shark. He only took on this role after killing Rick but in the past year, he has been trying to get back on the straight and narrow. In recent weeks, his guilty conscience over killing Rick has shone through, with the former villain pleading with his wife Maria to take in Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) when she was left homeless. It wasn't too long before the dodgy dealer discovered the youngster was caring for her mother, Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) all by herself. The troublesome character returned to the cobbles earlier this year to tell her daughter she had stomach cancer which was incurable. This would mean Kelly would be left without any parents and so Gary has invited Laura to come and stay with them so she can spend the rest of her days with her daughter. However, he will be blown away in upcoming scenes when Laura asks him and Maria to be her daughter's guardian when she dies. Mikey explained: "Obviously, you can't get more irony than that. "I think he's sort of taken on that role anyway, him and Maria, but to be actually asked by Laura when she's a dying woman, I guess he can't really say no. "But it's certainly a shock to be asked," he added but the storyline will take another big twist when he discovers the place he buried Rick is going to be the location of a new development. As Gary's world starts to crumble around him and his guilt rises to the surface, will he be bidding a fond farewell to the cobbles? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.