The last time Meghan Markle and Prince Harry publicly interacted with the Royal Family was in 2020 when they attended the Service of Celebration for Commonwealth Day. However, as the service was broadcast to the nation, there were notable interactions caught on camera between some members of the Royal Family - including Sophie Wessex’s glance towards Meghan. Express.co.uk spoke to Inbaal Honigman, celebrity psychic and body language expert about this moment between the two ladies and she expressed her opinion. The royals arrived in order of succession to the service; Prince Edward and Sophie were first, followed by Meghan and Harry. These four sat on the second row and waited patiently for the other royals to arrive. Prince William and Kate Middleton were seated next on the front row, and they were shortly joined by Prince Charles and Camilla Parker Bowles, before the Queen took the final seat. As each couple arrived, they greeted the others and made small talk while waiting. Prince Edward turned to Meghan and Harry and made light conversation - at times they even engaged in laughter together. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s ‘loyalty’ and ‘integrity’ shown with signature jewel Sophie, on the other hand, made no effort to lean in and interact with the Sussexes. Instead, she sat looking in the opposite direction until Kate and William sat down. Prince Edward then lent forward to speak to his nephew, before the Countess of Wessex then interacted for the first time to talk to Kate. The Earl of Wessex then returned to speaking to Meghan while Sophie and Kate smiled and laughed together. The six then settled into their seats and waited, but one interesting moment caught on camera was between Sophie and Megh DON'T MISS...Rare penny valued at £200k sold to the public [NEWS]Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis [VIDEO]Lewis Hamilton's strict diet and exercise regime to keep in shape [INTERVIEW] 1578649 Meghan turned her head to look in the same direction Sophie was. Sophie then turned her head in Meghan’s direction and Meghan quickly averted her gaze down before turning to Harry on her right hand side. The Countess then looked down and started fiddling with the back of her hair and hat. Inbaal watched this moment and presented her opinion: “The interactions, or lack thereof, between Meghan Markle and Sophie Wessex at the Commonwealth Day Service 2020 are eye catching, in their absolute failure of subtlety.” Inbaal claims: “Over the past few years, Meghan has been subject to considerable scrutiny, whether justly or unjustly, for taking her time trying to fit in with royal protocol, and not accepting every direction that she is given, and having her own mind. “This is, at times, a delicate conversation, because no one can tell what's in her mind. “In this case, however, the signs of animosity are not hidden. “While the chaps chit chat merrily, being used to formal affairs since birth, they feel comfortable with each other and with the grand occasion. They lean towards each other and their conversation is animated. This shows us how at ease they feel.” She added: “At the same time, Catherine and Meghan are doing their best. Not born to royalty, they are adjusting. “They are sitting in a very elegant way, in their allocated seats, behaving properly. Their postures are a little stiff, but not overly so. They are comfortable enough, their smiles reach their eyes, but they're aware that the eyes of the world are on them. “And then we have Sophie's body language,” Inbaal remarked. “Lips pressed, back stiff, this is a lady who would rather be anywhere else. She is clearly uncomfortable. “And when, for a brief moment, we see her face - because it is turned towards the camera and away from her companions - her eyes are absently looking left and down.” Inbaal thinks “this is an indication that she's feeling sad. After a heartbeat of sadness, when her face is neutral and unengaged, she flicks her eyes upwards and to the right - she's trying to cheer herself up and finding something to be pleased about - only to turn her face back to the rest of her sitting party... and meet Meghan's eyes”. “Meghan has been looking at her intently for a few seconds by then, but when their eyes meet, they both look away so swiftly, that it can't be by chance. In the expert’s opinion: “They are unhappy to be at each other's company, and the automatic jerking of their faces away from each other, shows that they don't even care if people realise that something is up.”