The stations along Russia's M-11 motorway between Moscow and Saint Petersburg were deactivated as a result of the hack. Russian energy company, Rosseti, claimed in a Facebook post that the Ukrainian company which provided some of the parts had hacked the charging points to which it still had access.  Messages also read "Glory to Ukraine", "Glory to the heroes" and "Death to the enemy". A person who posted a video of one of the charging points captioned the clip, "Glory to Ukraine". The phrase "Putin is a d***head" was reportedly started in Ukraine in 2014 as a football chant first voiced by FC Metalist Kharkiv ultras and Shaktar Donetsk ultras when Russia annexed Crimea. Rosseti said in its post that charging stations installed on the M-11 route were purchased in 2020 according to the results of an open purchase procedure.  It continued: "The provider was given by the LLC 'Gzhelprom' (Russia). It was later discovered that the main components (incl. A. the controller) are actually produced by the company Autoenterprise (Ukraine), and the Russian supplier produced a open assembly. "The manufacturer left a 'marketing' in the controller, which gave him the opportunity to have hidden internet access. "According to our information, data controllers are widely used on power charging stations exported by Ukraine to Europe." The company said it was working to isolate the hack and the charging points would soon be re-activated.  READ MORE ABOUT FURY AS HOMES TO BE BUILT ON GREEN BELT LANE News of the hack comes after a Ukrainian cyber guerrilla warfare group announced plans to mount cyber attacks against critical Russian infrastructure, including railways and the electricity grid to strike back at Moscow over its invasion. There is no suggestion this is linked to the electric vehicle charging points hack. Officials from Ukraine's defence ministry approached Ukrainian businessman and cybersecurity expert Yegor Aushev to help organise a unit of hackers to defend against Russia. Mr Aushev said the planned hacking attacks would disrupt any infrastructure that helps bring Russian troops and weapons to his country. He said: "Everything that might stop war. The goal is to make it impossible to bring these weapons to our country."  DON'T MISS: UK's best and worst schools RANKED as pupils face fierce competition [REVEALED] Prince Harry's discomfort evident opposite 'in her element' Meghan [REPORT] Kate caves as Duchess puts on display of support [REVEALED] After word spread of the formation of Mr Aushev's team, the Belarusian Cyber Partisans - a Belarus-focused team of hackers - volunteered to attack Belarusian Railways which they said was used to transport Russian soldiers. Bloomberg News has reported that the Cyber Partisans disabled the railway's traffic systems and brought down its ticketing website.  A Nato official said on Monday that a cyberattack on a member of the military alliance could trigger Article 5, its collective defence clause. They said: "Allies also recognise that the impact of significant malicious cumulative cyber activities might, in certain circumstances, be considered as an armed attack. "We will not speculate on how serious a cyberattack would have to be in order to trigger a collective response. Any response could include diplomatic and economic sanctions, cyber measures, or even conventional forces, depending on the nature of the attack." Britain and the US have warned of potential digital attacks on Ukraine which could have international consequences should malicious software designed to target networks in Ukraine start spreading elsewhere.  US Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Mark Warner said there were no clear guidelines on how Nato should respond in the event of such an attack. He said: "These are things that have been in hypothetical discussion for a decade, but because we've not come to any universal conclusion on what those standards should be, what level of attribution is needed, we're kind of in a very grey area." Facebook's parent company, Meta, said on Monday that in the past 48 hours it had removed a network of about 40 fake accounts, groups and pages across Facebook and Instagram operating from Russia and Ukraine and targeting people in Ukraine. A Twitter spokesperson said the company has suspended more than a dozen accounts and blocked the sharing of several links for violating its rules against platform manipulation and spam. It said its ongoing investigation indicated the accounts originated in Russia and sought to disrupt the public conversation around the conflict in Ukraine. A spokesperson for Alphabet Inc's YouTube said it had terminated several YouTube channels, which had fewer than 90 subscribers in total, as part of its investigation into coordinated influence operations linked to Russia. 