As a result of Russia’s continued invasion and attack on Ukraine, Monaco has joined its neighbours and announced it will be freezing the assets of Russians and imposing further sanctions upon them. The Palace announced: “Prince Albert of Monaco supported all efforts aimed at halting the fighting in Ukraine and encouraging the withdrawal of Russian armed forces from Ukrainian territory.  “The Principality has adopted and implemented, without delay, procedures for freezing funds and economic sanctions identical to those taken by most European States.” The sanctions are a further blow to Russia’s oligarchs and super-elite who are particularly drawn to Monaco due to its status as a tax haven and its exclusivity to international celebrities and billionaires. Monaco-Russia relations have a long history and in 2008 The Times reported a close friendship between Prince Albert and President Putin as “Russian officials sent a team of builders to Monaco to erect a three-bedroom ‘dacha’ in Prince Albert’s garden.” The report stated that the moves from Russian officials “reflected growing bonds with Moscow that have helped turn Monaco, a glamorous tax haven, into the favourite playground of Russians.”  Monaco becomes a mecca for the super-elite and rich and famous especially in the summer months where the Principality hosts grand affairs and star-studded events such as the Formula One Grand Prix. The Formula One Russian Grand Prix has been cancelled after fears of a mass boycott by drivers and teams. As the Monaco GP is one of the hottest dates in the Formula One calendar for both the people of Monaco and fans of the sport, it is possible the decision by Prince Albert considered multiple issues. The Palace did not announce specifically who would be sanctioned but UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced that her sanction “hit list” has been drawn up to target “oligarchs’ private jets, we’ll be targeting their properties, we’ll be targeting other possession that they have and there will be nowhere to hide.” READ MORE:Putin crumbling as troops reject war and oligarchs seek 'revenge' Monaco has some of the highest levels of billionaires and its marina is home to countless super-yachts. France’s finance minister announced on Tuesday that he was working to seize the yachts and similar assets of oligarchs instead of simply freezing them as part of the West’s “all-out economic and financial war on Russia.” The Foreign Secretary’s announced that “there are over 100 billionaires in Russia” and the UK Government would sanction new oligarchs on the hit list “every few weeks” with a “rolling programme of sanctions.” DON'T MISS:Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump (REACTION)Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics (PICTURES)What can a nuclear bomb do? The catastrophic effects of nuclear war (INSIGHT)  Prince Albert’s statement issued by the Palace declared his condemnation of Russia’s attack on Ukraine and expresses his solidarity with the people of Ukraine. The announcement that aims to distance the Prince from the Russian President added that he supports the calls for an immediate ceasefire. 