Manchester United have been handed a glimmer of hope in the race for Erling Haaland, with Real Madrid reportedly concerned by his injury record. Borussia Dortmund star Haaland is the most in-demand player in Europe ahead of the summer transfer window, but United have not yet given up on getting his signature.    Haaland is widely expected to leave Dortmund in the upcoming transfer window, with his £63million (€75m) release clause attracting attention from most of Europe’s top clubs. Manchester City, Manchester United, Barcelona, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid are all jockeying for position in the queue for his services. The 21-year-old striker has netted 80 goals in as many appearances for Dortmund and is the closest thing to a guarantee of goals on the market. Haaland’s agent, Mino Raiola, has already shopped him around Europe, with Man City and Real Madrid understood to be leading the race for him. However, that picture is not settled and reports from Spain suggest that Real are far from convinced yet. According to El Chiringuito, Real are busy doing their due diligence, asking for reports on Haaland and his injury record has emerged as a particular ‘concern’. JUST IN: Liverpool, Man Utd and Chelsea in three-way battle for Barcelona ace  Although his transfer fee is reduced by a release clause, Haaland is set for a bumper wage package wherever he ends up. The Daily Mail reports that Man City are prepared to make him the Premier League’s highest-paid player by handing him in excess of £500,000 per week. Haaland is yet to make up his mind, but could signal his intent in a month’s time. Another consideration for buying clubs are the payments due to Raiola and Haaland’s father Alf-Inge, which would push the entire outlay closer to £100m. DONT MISS Man Utd fans 'should be banned' for bottles thrown at Simeone Gary Neville gives brutally honest verdict on Man Utd defeat and aims 'He won't be at the club' - Harry Maguire's Man Utd future looks bleak  That could be too steep for Manchester United, but they showed last summer that they are willing to pay high fees for players they want. Jadon Sancho arrived from Dortmund at the start of the season for £73m and the two clubs are understood to be on good terms. United are on the lookout for a new striker, with Edinson Cavani set to depart the club on a free transfer when his contract expires in July. With Anthony Martial likely to seek pastures new following a loan spell at Sevilla and doubts around the future of Marcus Rashford, there is a real need for a new striker. Cristiano Ronaldo remains on-song, with 18 goals in 32 appearances this season, but he is now 37 years old and approaching the final year of his current contract. United’s exit from the Champions League at the hands of Atletico Madrid on Tuesday, and their current position of fifth in the Premier League, could hamper their efforts to attract a player of Haaland’s ability and ambition. 