I am afraid I cannot come back into politics at this stage. I left Westminster in 2010 and was an MEP for seven brief months between 2019 and 2020. One cannot just “come back”: one has to be elected! The next General Election is not until 2024 and there is no one person who can simply sort out the terrible state of Westminster. However, I am flattered by the question! We in the Brexit Party did yell hard about the NI protocol but we were promised that it would all be sorted out during the course of the trade agreement. I suspect that is why they were ratified by a Parliament that, like all the rest of us, just wanted to get Brexit done. I am not convinced that Boris is a true Conservative but I do think that he has libertarian instincts and I certainly don’t think he wanted the job just to push the Green agenda. He has wanted the job ever since I have known him!  Regrettably this is a constitutional impossibility. You need to be a Member of Parliament to be a contender for the job. I gave up on the Tory Party when it was trying to frustrate the will of the people, as clearly expressed in the 2016 Referendum and I have seen nothing to encourage me back since. I spent a lot of my time in Government fighting EU regulations, some of which threatened to do vastly more harm than anybody may realise.  I ask myself the same question. The only way Brexit affects social security pay is that we are now free to determine our own levels. I don’t think you have been lied to but it is a question of priority.  I do not believe we should become involved any further in the European Defence Union but if any NATO country is attacked then we must go to its aid regardless of whether it belongs to the EU or not. However, I do think we should repudiate the Northern Ireland protocol. You and I ask the same question and have exactly the same impression!  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Since you put this question in, the world has become even more unstable and dangerous. There is no single cause but ordinary citizens can speak out regardless of what is now known as the Cancel Culture. 