Piers Morgan's son Spencer Morgan reacted to a news report where they discussed the possibility of Russia being the host at the Euros. The former Good Morning Britain presenter's son joked that his dad was more likely to be hosting Meghan Markle's birthday party. The Football Union of Russia posted on its website on Wednesday that it "supports the decision to declare interest in hosting the European Championship 2028 or 2032 in Russia. Russian clubs and their national team have been banned by both FIFA and UEFA following Moscow's decision to go to war with Ukraine last month. Also, St Petersburg was stripped of its right to host the men's Champions League Final after the war broke out. However, Russia has since appealed this decision at the Court of Arbitration for Sport. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced Taking to Twitter yesterday, Spencer shared a video of the report as it was announced. Sky Sports News presenter Mike Wedderburn said: "Russia is planning on launching a bid to host the European Championship in 2028 and 2032." In view of his 67,000 followers, Spencer penned: "More chance of dad hosting Meghan Markle's birthday party." He was swiftly inundated with comments, as Mike Smith commented: "Brilliant Spencer! Read this and haven’t stopped laughing since." Dazrob quipped: "I'd pay money to see that!" His remarks come after Piers hit out at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in a furious tweet on Wednesday. The journalist addressed Prince William and his wife Kate's royal visit to the Caribbean amid protests aimed towards the monarchy. Piers slammed Prince Harry and Meghan on social media, claiming the couple are attempting to “smear the royal family”. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams Finding Freedom co-author for Wills and Kate swipe[LATEST]Pamela Anderson, 54, puts on leggy display in rare appearance[PICTURES]Eamonn Holmes pulled over by police on his way to GB News[TWITTER] The ex-GMB host went on to deny that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had received backlash from their Caribbean tour, insisting that they had instead been met with “great warmth and joy”. The presenter told his 7.9 million followers: “Actually, despite the best efforts of your beloved Sussexes to smear the Royal Family as a bunch of nasty racists, they’ve been received with great warmth and joy.” He also shared a link to the People article, which was captioned: “Prince William and Kate Middleton Under Pressure as They Face Backlash on Their First Caribbean Tour.” The cover of the magazine attached read: “Royal tour controversy: Facing protests, the couple must navigate a changing world.” Prince William and his wife Kate arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday for their eight-day tour of the Caribbean. Amid impassioned protests on Tuesday in the capital Kingston, just hours before William and Kate touched down on the Caribbean island, the Duke chose to address calls for the royal family to address their role in the transatlantic slave trade. During a speech at a black-tie dinner at the official residence of the Governor-General of Jamaica, Prince William said: “Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened. “While the pain runs deep, Jamaica continues to forge its future with determination, courage and fortitude. “The strength and shared sense of purpose of the Jamaican people, represented in your flag and motto, celebrate an invincible spirit.”