Former Loose Women panellist Andrea McLean has revealed that she has "no regrets" after deciding to leave the ITV show after 13 years on the programme, while speaking about suffering a breakdown. The TV personality, 52, who left the show at the end of 2020, admitted that it was "something she needed to do" as she discussed her new book You Just Need to Believe It, as well as her exit from Loose Women, with Lorraine Kelly. Andrea revealed that she was hailed as "brave" for making the decision to leave the show after over a decade on the panel. She told Lorraine: "This is my first time being back on TV and back in the room that we share with Loose. "It was a [brave decision] and the reason the whole book came about was because at the time so many people said to me you're so brave to do that thing, to pivot," she added. However, the star admitted that she felt "scared" following the move. READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma Andrea went on: "And all I kept thinking was I don't feel brave, I feel really scared but it was just something I really needed to do." The star went on to tell how she used her experience to help her write her fourth book. She continued: "And then I thought, right, how can I bottle everything I've used to do a brave thing when I've felt scared and I put together a 10 day challenge for my lovely community and then saw the results and it made me brave enough. "I had a breakdown a few years ago Lorraine, because I was going and going and going and I didn't want to look at, really, what was happening. "I was just trying to keep busy and not think. "Learn from my mistakes and just stop for a minute," she insisted to the ITV presenter. Andrea left the chat show at the end of 2020 and, in a previous interview, told how she agonised over the decision. She admitted to OK! Magazine: "It was such a slow burner. DON'T MISS... Christopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair' [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan's 'lucrative' GMB exit explained by co-star Rob Rinder [ANALYSIS]Ralf Little takes swipe at David Cameron for 'creating austerity' [UPDATE] "By the time it came around, it felt like absolutely the right thing to do. "It was a weird decision - it did feel scary!" Andrea admitted. The star explained how she and her partner Nick Feeney spoke about her decision to leave and had planned for it. Andrea said: "It took months of thinking about it. "We were preparing for the worst and hoping for the best. "Nick and I sat down and wrote what we needed to prepare for," she added. Andrea left the programme to work on her website This Girl Is On Fire, which she now works on full time with Nick and his daughter. Loose Women is on today at 12.30pm on ITV.