The fitness guru, 36, is back on our screens today as he appears on ‘James Martin's Saturday Morning’. The chef welcomes the fitness coach and presenter to his kitchen for his weekly ITV cookery show. Joining Joe are fellow special guests, The Shires, the country music duo made up of Ben Earle and Crissie Rhodes. Celebrity chefs Jose Pizarro and Ronnie Murray also delight the studio as they rustle up some of their favourite dishes. Six months after he became a dad for the first time, the fitness star gave the Duke and Duchess of Sussex some tips during an interview on Heart radio in January 2019. He said: “My biggest bit of advice that I got told is don't take advice from anybody, your babies are so unique when they come into the world.” At the time of the interview, Meghan was pregnant with her and Harry’s first child, Archie Harrison, who was born in London in May 2019. In June 2021, the Duchess gave birth to the couple’s second child Lilibet Diana in California, where the family are currently based. Opening up about his own experiences, Joe also reminded the Sussexes to be patient with their new arrival. He said: “One thing I learned though is to be patient and know that that baby is just learning about the world and they may be crying. “They don't know what's going on, just cuddle them and, you know, just be patient. “Let them find out where they are and what's going on, they’ve been in the cuddly womb for so long, haven't they?” During the interview Joe also revealed his emotions after the birth of his daughter, nicknamed ‘Indie’, who entered the world in July 2018. He said: “It’s been amazing, she’s our third wheel, we take her for nice meals, she comes bowling with us. We take her everywhere.” DON'T MISS: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Christopher Biggins’ brutal take on woke Shakespeare move: ‘They are ruining theatre’ [INSIGHT]Women’s role in real Peaky Blinders: ‘Fighting side by side with men’ [ANALYSIS] He also confirmed that he was still working out while raising his and Rosie’s firstborn, although his disrupted sleeping pattern had taken its toll somewhat. He said: “In terms of exercise, it is harder. When you have a rough night's sleep, if it's broken, even if you've had like seven hours of sleep but broken, you do wake up a little sluggish. “I'll do a workout but it's probably like 70 percent of what I'm normally doing. “So, it's a case of fitting it in, maybe when she has a nap, I'll do a little 20-minute HITT (high-intensity interval training).” Last weekend, Joe revealed on Instagram that he and Rosie were expecting their third child together. He wrote: “We can’t wait to welcome them into the world in September. Love you Rosie. Thank you for making me the happiest dad in the world.” ‘James Martin's Saturday Morning’ airs on ITV today from 9:30am-11:40am.