Nestled in the heart of Surrey is St George's Hill Estate, a leafy oasis tucked away from the outside world behind a set of security gates. The gated community has been home to celebrities such as Elton John and John Lennon. According to residents, however, Vladimir Putin has a strong link to the opulent estate.  Local residents told Surrey Live that they believe "Putin's daughter has a house" there. Furthermore, according to The Guardian, Russians and those from former Soviet states own more than a quarter of the 430 homes in the estate. Already heavily guarded, in recent days security measures are said to have ramped up at "Britain's Beverly Hills". As well as manned security at the main entrance gates, the estate also offers CCTV, vehicle recognition and card access at several of its other entrances. READ MORE: Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it A security guard manning the gates told national media there are more Russians living in the estate now than at any time in the six years he has been working on the gates. St George's Hill is home to more Russians than Belgravia's Eaton Square, where Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich once lived. According to estate agent Savills, the value of homes on the estate rose by over a fifth last year alone. The total value of properties on the estate is said to supersede £3 billion. DON'T MISSHow to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps [EXPLAINER]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [REVEALED]How to clean your patio without a pressure washer [INSIGHT] Of those who do live there, it is thought a vast majority of Russian residents may have moved during the 2000s as part of the "golden visa" scheme. The scheme saw wealthy people permitted to live in the UK if they invested at least £2 million. Earlier this month, the Government put a stop to the scheme, with Priti Patel saying the decision is part of a crackdown on "corrupt elites who threaten our national security". According to The Mirror, the gated estate is "increasingly under the microscope" as the Government looks to ramp up sanctions in the wake of the Ukraine invasion. However, local councillors have been unable to confirm how many Russian property owners reside in the estate, and whether any have direct links with Vladimir Putin. Speaking to Surrey Live, councillor Tom Catton said: "If you are an oligarch and you are connected to Putin, that is for the government and their people to investigate, and if any of them are in the [Surrey] Hills." Contrastingly, Lesia Scholey, a community activist heading up a peace rally in Weybridge said the rumours that Putin's daughter has a house there are "long-standing". The internationally renowned private estate is increasingly difficult to gain access to, with many of the properties sold entirely off-market. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The estate, the brainchild of master builder Walter George Tarrant, covers a total of 964 acres. Though dwellers own their own properties and land, the surrounding roads and areas are owned and maintained by the St George's Hill Residents Association. The estate also boasts its own golf club and tennis club. High-end schools, polo clubs and Michelin-starred dining are also all well within reach of the estate.