St Patrick’s Day celebrations are back with a bang in 2022 after many cities around the world were forced to axe parades and parties last year due to coronavirus restrictions. Regardless of whether you plan on having a quiet day, or are going all out, you can spread a little bit of extra Irish cheer on the day by sharing some traditional greetings, poems and quotes with your family and friends. Patrick's Day is the feast day of St. Patrick, a patron saint of Ireland. Originally celebrated with religious feasts and services, St. Patrick's Day has since become a secular celebration of Irish culture all around the world. On Sunday, March 13, the Parade will begin at Hyde Park Corner, before travelling through Piccadilly, St James’s Street, Pall Mall, Cockspur Street and Whitehall. In the English capital, London dwellers and tourists will be welcoming back green-tinted festivities with the return of the famed St Patrick's Day parade. READ MORE: John Lydon: Star on his health 'deteriorating at alarming pace' To top things off, 2022's edition will see the return of the popular Giant St Patrick and the Garda band from Dublin. Over in Belfast, festivities are set to explode, with Belfast City Council promising one of the biggest St Patrick’s Day festivals ever to make up for lost time during the pandemic. The St Patrick’s Day Parade will begin at Belfast City Hall on Thursday at 1pm. Leeds, Manchester, and Birmingham are just a few more cities in England that will all also host their own themed celebrations. DON'T MISSHouseplants: 3 reasons your soil has turned mouldy [EXPLAINER]London St Patrick's Day parade route mapped [INSIGHT]Horoscopes & love: Gemini to ‘deepen bond’ with loved one  [COMMENT] If you’re looking to greet fellow revellers or share a seasonal greeting with friends, here are some St Patrick’s Day themed greetings, poems and quotes. There are a number of ways you can wish someone a “Happy St Patrick’s Day” in Irish, depending on who you are talking to. To greet one person with Happy St Patrick's Day, you should say “Lá fhéile Pádraig sona dhuit!” Phonetically it is pronounced: “lah leh PAH-drig SUN-uh gwitch.” If you are speaking in a group, you can say “Lá fhéile Pádraig sona dhaoibh!” To pronounce it phonetically: “lah luh PAH-drig SUN-uh YEE-uv.” To wish someone “St Patrick's Day blessings to you”, you should say “Beannachtaí na Féile Pádraig dhuit!” This is pronounced: “BAN-ukh-tee nuh FAY-leh PAH-drig gwitch.” To give blessings for St Patrick’s Day to a group of people you can say “Neannachtaí na Féile Pádraig oraibh!” This is pronounced: “BAN-ukh-tee nuh FAY-leh PAH-drig ur-iv.” There are countless St Patric’s Day poems to choose from, but one well-loved one is “The Love of St Patrick” which reads as follows: May the love of St. Patrick, find a place in your heart, A love of a country, a land set apart, A love of a people, so proud and so true, and lastly the love, that I feel now for you. Another one, named “An Irish Blessing” reads: May these rich blessings be your due— A wealth of friendships, old and new, Some service rendered, some solace given, And gentle peace with God and Heaven. Much like poems, there are countless quotes associated with St Patrick’s which can be shared with friends and loved ones. These include: “There are good ships and there are wood ships, the ships that sail the sea. But the best ships are friendships, and may they ever be.” - An Irish Toast “Having you for a friend means that I’ve been granted the luck O’ the Irish.” - Unknown “May the Irish hills caress you. May her lakes and rivers bless you. May the luck of the Irish enfold you. May the blessings of St. Patrick behold you.” - An Irish Blessing