Meghan and Prince Harry have yet to bring their children to the UK since they stepped down as senior royals in the spring of 2020. And, as Lilibet 'Lili' Diana was born in June last year at a Santa Barbara hospital, the Queen has yet to meet the tot in person. One commentator, brand and reputation management expert Eric Schiffer, believes this encounter will eventually happen. Mr Schiffer also claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex know their children could play a key role in bringing the House of Windsor together again. The California-based expert told Express.co.uk: "Yes, the Queen will meet Lilibet and Archie. "That will happen. It will occur. "Harry and Meghan know that their children are their secret weapon ultimately make things happen to bring their family back together." Mr Schiffer referred to the reported strained relationship between the Duke of Sussex and some members of the Firm. Prince Harry himself has spoken about his bond with Prince William and Prince Charles in previous months. In an interview with Tom Bradby done during the Sussexes' tour of South Africa in 2019, Harry said he loved his brother dearly but they were on "different paths at the moment". READ MORE: Pippa Middleton 'uninvited' Meghan to her wedding for one reason He repeated this during his interview with Oprah Winfrey alongside Meghan, first aired in March 2021. Asked about his relationship with Prince William, Harry said: "You know, as I’ve said before, I love William to bits. "He’s my brother. We’ve been through hell together. I mean, we have a shared experience."But we, you known, we're on different paths." During this interview, Harry also spoke of a trying relationship with his father.   Asked about Prince Charles, he said: "There’s a lot to work through there, you know? "I feel really let down, because he’s been through something similar. "He knows what pain feels like, and this is... and Archie’s his grandson. “But, at the same time, you know, I, of course I will always love him, but there’s a lot of hurt that’s happened." The Duke also added he would make it a priority to mend the relationship. More recent reports claimed the ice between father and son has been thawed and the pair have been holding good-natured phone calls over the past months. A source also claimed the Prince of Wales invited the Duke and Duchess to stay over at one of his residence when they eventually travel back to the UK. While there have been widespread reports of tensions between Harry, his father and brother in past months, both the Queen and the Sussexes made clear over the past two years they are in good rapport. Prince Harry told both Ms Winfrey and James Corden, who interviewed the Duke in February 2021, he video calls the sovereign so that he can show her his son Archie Harrison. And the monarch stressed in all her statements regarding the Sussexes' decision to step down they will always remain much-loved members of her family. Prince Harry said he wants his children to visit his homeland and get to know it in a statement shared by his representatives in January. However, he claimed he can't do so as he doesn't feel safe in the UK as his personal security can't provide the same level of protection in Britain. As a result, he is seeking a judicial review of the Home Office's decision not to let him pay for police protection whenever he travels back to the UK.