Aaron Ramsdale will miss Arsenal's match at Aston Villa today. Ramsdale has failed to recover from a hip injury he suffered during the first half of Wednesday's 2-0 loss at home to Liverpool. The 23-year-old had started the previous 24 Premier League matches. But Bernd Leno comes into the side for the game at Villa Park on Saturday lunchtime. Ramsdale was pictured travelling with the Gunners squad but was deemed not fit enough to play despite hoping to do so. Leno started the first three league games of the season before dropping out to be replaced by Ramsdale. Mikel Arteta confirmed before kick-off that Ramsdale would have a period on the sidelines, telling BT Sport: "He's got an injury. He had a muscle injury in his oblique muscle and he will be out for a few weeks." Gabriel Martinelli is the other player to drop out of Mikel Arteta's starting XI due to illness. READ MORE: UEFA deny claims Chelsea will get Real Madrid boost after Champions League draw  Ramsdale was named in the England squad for the upcoming friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast. However, his participation in those matches is now in doubt. Arteta was asked about Ramsdale's form at his pre-match press conference on Friday. When asked if he is one of the best English goalkeepers, Arteta said: "He is there now and he’s going to be fighting for a place and knowing Aaron he’s going to be pushing very hard because it’s one his dreams, and then it will be down to the coaching staff and the manager to decide if he will be number one." Ramsdale was guilty of a big error for Diogo Jota's opening goal on Wednesday. Arteta said the former Sheffield United star took it badly and says he must learn to deal with mistakes better. DON'T MISSBarcelona may offer two players to Tottenham for Sergio Reguilon with 'swap most likely' [REPORT]Man Utd already have their own hybrid of 'Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo' [REPORT]Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's four options to replace injured Trent Alexander-Arnold [COMMENT]  Arteta added: "He was gutted after the match. It’s normal because he’s such a competitive boy, but he needs to realise that this is going to happen in your career. "At this stage, and if you play for the national team, probably you are going to have a moment when you do something, and then instead of some part of the country, it will be the whole country (on your back). If you want to be at the top for 10, 15 or 20 years you have to be prepared for that. It’s about how you react in those moments." England boss Gareth Southgate was full of praise for Ramsdale in midweek amid claims he should be the Three Lions' No 1. Southgate said: "We were impressed with what he did in the summer and he started very well with Arsenal.  "That at this stage of the season is still quite a small sample of games but we're really pleased with what he's doing and the way he's playing and his distribution with his feet is a particular bonus of the way that they play at Arsenal and the skill set that he's got. So I think there's a there's a fight on. "We've got competition for places and we need competition places in every position. Aaron and Sam [Johnstone] are definitely providing that to Jordan [Pickford]."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here