On Monday night, ITV viewers tuned in to watch the broadcaster's latest drama, Holding. The four-part series, which will run every Monday for four weeks, centres around police officer Sergeant PJ Collins (played by Conleth Hill). It is based on Graham Norton's novel of the same name and was produced by Kathy Burke. The first episode of Holding saw Sergeant PJ Collins solving his first-ever murder case after human remains were found in the Irish village of Cork. As PJ was about to tuck into his breakfast, workmen on the building site explained they'd dug up some human bones. It was later confirmed it was a man's remains, which left the entire village on edge. What could they be hiding, and who could be responsible for the man's death? READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview The detectives were led to believe the remains belonged to a man called Tommy Burke. However, some viewers were left disappointed by the adaptation, with many claiming to "switch off" after 10 minutes. Taking to social media to share their thoughts, Joe Wagg raged: "@ITV Have put up with ten minutes of ‘Holding’, possibly the worst thing I’ve seen in years. "Switched over to @Channel4. ITV is definitely going down the pan lately #holding #grahamnorton #itv." (sic) Ali Green tweeted: "Gave #Holding on ITV 10 minutes but what a load of rubbish! Thank god for Netflix…carrying on watching #PiecesOfHerNetflix instead." (sic) While user @bestchester276 fumed: "Watched 10 minutes and given up #Holding." "Sorry Graham, I'm sure your book is great, but 12 minutes of the series is enough for me #Holding," Jacob said. Linda went on to comment: "20 minutes in & I can't watch any more #Holding." DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [INSIGHT]Linda Robson brands Loose Women co-star 'miserable cow' [VIDEO]Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary? [SPOILERS] However, some viewers were loving the ITV drama, with Sharon tweeting: "Anyone else enjoying #Holding so far? Loving the one-liners!" While Sal praised: "This is right up my street. What a cast!" Joining Conleth in the cast line-up is Derry Girls actress Siobhan McSweeney, Helen Behan, Normal People's Clinton Liberty and Bloodlands' Charlene McKenna. Father Ted actress Pauline McLynn also features in the drama as nosy neighbour Eileen O'Driscoll. Speaking about his novel being turned into a drama, comedian Graham said: "I am beyond excited to see the story and characters I created being brought to the screen. "I love how the brilliant creative team have transformed my novel into something so rich and dramatic. West Cork is ready for its close-up." "2021 is my 40th year working in the industry and I can’t think of a better way to celebrate than directing Holding," Kathy added. "It’s a beautiful piece of writing with a great story and fantastic, full-bodied characters. All this with glorious West Cork as its setting proved irresistible." Holding airs on Monday at 9pm on ITV.