Frank Lampard showed his true class with a touching text message to Boreham Wood boss Luke Garrard after the Non-League side stunned Bournemouth to set up a fifth-round tie at Goodison Park. The two coaches meet on Merseyside tonight as the National League minnows look to defy the odds once again to book their place in the quarter-finals, where Crystal Palace would await them. While Lampard is desperate to ensure the Toffees avoid a potential upset, he was willing to pay tribute to the efforts of Garrard after his team stunned the Cherries in the previous round. Garrard has now revealed what Lampard said to him when he received a text from the Everton boss out of the blue. "Hi Luke, Frank Lampard here. Just wanted to congratulate you on the result yesterday," the Chelsea legend's message read. "Purely on a coach-to-coach level, I could see what it meant to you and that's why we do the job! "Some achievements from you and the lads. Don't normally touch base like this before games but just wanted to say that I, and we as a club will make you all feel very welcome when you come to Goodison. "Hopefully not too welcome when the game starts. Looking forward to seeing you. Frank." READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell The ITV cameras were only able to capture a small segment of Garrard's reply, which read: "Evening Frank, really appreciate the message, can't thank you enough. "It most definitely meant a lot to myself and the Club these moments are few and far between at our level." Ahead of the match, Garrard paid tribute to Lampard for going out of his way to send the message that now means so much to him. “Lampard text me on Monday evening, the night after the Bournemouth game. Forget football, forget his career, as a person that’s class," he said.  DON'T MISSAston Villa open to Franck Kessie and Luis Suarez transfers as Atletico probe for CashConor McGregor declares interest in buying Chelsea from Russian owner Roman AbramovichEverton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball “It would be like me messaging a Sunday league manager. That number now won’t be going anywhere, not even my wife.” Before later adding: “I will be walking out at Goodison Park in front of 39,000 next to Frank Lampard.” Garrard has been in charge of the Hertfordshire club, who have not conceded a goal in this season's FA Cup, since 2015. But he nearly called time on football before a life-changing phone call with the chairman. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “I was going to quit. I was at my niece’s christening when the chairman asked me if I was ready to take over back in 2015," Garrard said. “I was a flash 30-year-old. I thought I knew everything but I knew nothing like I know nothing now. “We were in a relegation battle. I had a newborn. I was caring for my terminally ill mother. It was getting on top of me. I didn’t deserve the job and I was close to quitting. “If we had been relegated, that would have been my managerial career over. Thankfully, that didn’t happen.”