Katharine, Duchess of Kent and Prince Edward, Duke of Kent became engaged in March 1961. The royal couple were photographed with her parents and his mother and sister at the time to celebrate the occasion. Katharine’s diamond and sapphire engagement ring sparkled in the sun.  Katharine and the Duke of Kent became engaged on March 8, 1961. Edward gave Katharine an engagement ring consisting of an oval sapphire with round diamonds on either side and mounted in platinum. Katharine is the current Duchess of Kent, whose mother-in-law was Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s slow progress in Royal Family: ‘Took her a while’ Similarly to Marina, Katharine wears an oval sapphire ring with diamonds surrounding the gem. The ring had a subtle nod to her mother-in-law who started the sapphire trend in the Kent Royal Family. The present Duchess has an oval sapphire with a round diamond on either side. Princess Marina married Prince George, Duke of Kent (Queen Elizabeth’s uncle) in 1932.  She wore a “square seven carat Kashmir sapphire with a baguette diamond on either side set in platinum,” said the jewellery historian Leslie Fields. On Katharine’s wedding day on June 8, 1961, she arrived at York Minster wearing an ultra-chic 1960s wedding gown. The dress was made by John Cavanagh, an Irish fashion designer who counted Princess Marina as one of his clients. Working with three young assistants, Cavanagh made the dress out of more than 200 yards of silk gauze.  It featured a standaway collar, a tight waist, and a full skirt, as well as a 15-foot train. Katharine’s tulle veil was secured with a tiara that came from the collection of the groom’s late grandmother, Queen Mary. The sleek diamond bandeau coordinated beautifully with the cut of the neckline of the bride’s gown. It added plenty of diamond sparkle without detracting from the overall look.  She also wore diamond earrings and a single strand of pearls. Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, met Katharine Worsley while the Duke was based at Catterick Garrison, located near the bride's family's ancestral home, Hovingham Hall. Edward was the eldest son of Prince George, Duke of Kent, and Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark. Katharine was the only daughter of Sir William Worsley, 4th Baronet, and Joyce Brunner. 