Bob Saget's widow Kelly Rizzo has taken to Instagram in a tearful video nearly two months on from the death of her comedian husband, who tragically died in January aged 62. The blogger, 42, thanked her fans for their kind words towards her late husband as she explained that "he had no idea" about the difference he made on people's lives. The video comes as the final report on the Full House star's death is expected to be released soon. In view of her 451,000 followers, Bob's widow thanked her husband's fans for their support in the wake of his tragic death. She said: "And I really just want to take a second to say to everybody that it has not gone unnoticed, I have been incredibly grateful and appreciative of all of you for the love and support. "I have had people who were strangers that now have become friends on Instagram. "So many people have shared their stories with me, of the loss that you've been through and you poured out your heart and it's just really kind that you've tried to help me by sharing your stories," she added. READ MORE:Motsi Mabuse admits she fears Russia-Ukraine conflict is escalating Addressing the loss of her husband, Kelly went on: "This whole grief thing is something that I've learned recently that a lot of people don't really understand, they don't like to talk about it, it's not a very fun topic. "But it's something that at one point or another we all go through and although I'm still very new to this world, I feel like I've had a crash course in it. "Especially doing it very publicly, it adds a whole other level that takes it to this different place that you understand things in a certain way," she said. Kelly continued: "And I've been doing my best to even try to engage with people and respond to comments and just try to tell everyone how thankful and grateful and appreciative I am of everything that you've all done to try and help me through this incredibly difficult time. "But I can assure you that the kindness you all have shown has been a little bright spot and has made this a bit easier," she gushed. The star told how she was shocked after being inundated with messages about her late husband. Kelly went on: "And the thing that has really helped is seeing how much you all loved Bob. "Because this outpouring is something like I don't think anybody has ever seen. DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker's ex-wife shares how star got her through family tragedy [INSIGHT]Kirk Baily dies aged 59 following 'six month' battle with lung cancer [BREAKING]Debbie McGee describes tragic last days with husband Paul Daniels [UPDATE] "And seeing how much of an impact he had on all of your lives is life-changing and just immeasurable how much it means to all of us. "Especially I know how much it would mean to Bob." She explained: "I thought he was pretty well-liked, I don't think he had any idea it was to this extent how much of a difference he truly made. "And that is what I'm so grateful for, so thank you all for showing me that," she added before ending the clip. Last month, Kelly and three of Bob's daughters from a previous marriage filed a lawsuit to prevent the release of records related to his death investigation, according to CNN. The suit asked that graphic details of the investigation are not publicly disclosed, including "photographs, video recordings, audio recordings and autopsy information". The comedian's family maintain that the publication of certain details would cause them to “suffer irreparable harm in the form of extreme mental pain, anguish, and emotional distress". It comes as the comedian's death was confirmed as the result of a head trauma following a fall in a hotel room in Orlando in January this year.