There were 4,430 cases of the Victorian era disease in England in 2021, according to provisional data released on Thursday. Cases of Tuberculosis rose by more than seven percent in 2021, after initially falling in 2021, acceding to the UK Health Security Agency. What’s more, cases of TB were in decline up until 2019, when they began to rise again with an initial increase of 2.4 percent. In 2011, cases of tuberculosis, which is often very treatable in the modern age, peaked at 8,280. In 2020, there were more cases of drug-resistant TB than any year since records began. The UKHSA found that 11.6 percent of cases reported were resistant to any drug and 2.4 percent multi-drug resistant. The latter was up from 1.8 percent in 2019.  READ MORE: Coronavirus: How long it takes for symptoms to show  Incomplete or inadequate treatment can lead to the development of drug resistance - meaning the bug can no longer be killed effectively by one or more medicines. Dr Jenny Harries, chief executive of the UKHSA, said: "TB is curable and preventable and now is the time to get our elimination efforts back on track. "Despite significant progress towards elimination in recent years, tuberculosis remains a serious public health issue in the UK. "With treatment, most people will make a full recovery, but delayed diagnosis and treatment, particularly during the pandemic, will have increased the number of undetected TB cases in the country. "It is important to remember that not every persistent cough, along with a fever, is COVID-19. “A cough that usually has mucus and lasts longer than three weeks can be caused by a range of other issues, including TB. "Tuberculosis develops slowly, and it may take several weeks, months or even years after you were infected before you notice you're unwell. "Contact your GP if you think you could be at risk so you can get tested and treated."  DON'T MISSProfessor Whitty warns of potential new variant 'worse' than Omicron [INSIGHT]The current top five symptoms of Covid in the UK as cases rocket [EXPLAINER]High blood pressure warning: The vegetable to ‘cut down’ on [ANALYSIS] According to the NHS, the main symptoms of TB are: • a persistent cough that lasts more than 3 weeks and usually brings up phlegm, which may be bloody • weight loss • night sweats • high temperature • tiredness and fatigue • loss of appetite • swellings in the neck