Over the years, Coronation Street actress Jennie McAlpine has lost a significant amount of weight since she joined the Weatherfield clan back in 2001. And it's clear as day that she has remained dedicated to her slimmer figure. The TV star, who plays Fiz Brown in the ITV soap, has lost two stone since embarking on her weight loss journey, dropping three dress sizes. And her methods are quite simple. According to Jennie, she makes sure her diet is healthy but she doesn’t restrict herself. She explained that her secret behind her successful weight loss journey was all down to "common sense". READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop  She said back in 2009: "I don’t go in for all the diet plans and worrying yourself silly over how much you weigh. "Ice cream is bad, salad is good. It’s not rocket science!" Jennie added: "If you eat more of the good stuff and take more exercise, then you’ll lose weight." The actress revealed she tries not to stress about what she eats and has said she is happy with her overall image. DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] Jennie added: “A balanced diet and regular exercise are essential to maintain a healthy lifestyle and start your weight loss journey.” While exercise doesn’t always result in weight loss directly, it can help to create a larger calorie deficit. A calorie deficit is when the body is burning more calories than it is consuming. More recently, Jennie revealed she doesn’t like discussing her body image. Appearing on Loose Women, she discussed how she was left "distressed" when her transformation was talked about in a magazine. She shared in 2017: "On the front of the magazine was ‘Jennie McAlpine admits to us ‘I wish I had a gastric band.’ "I was so distressed," she said, "I refuse to talk about [weight] because I don’t want to be responsible for a young boy or young girl reading that.” Jennie also told OK! that she has been a victim of trolling in the past because of her appearance. "Things like ‘you’re fat’ and ‘you can’t act'," she recalled. "It’s really easy to say ‘ignore it’. But there are times in our lives when we’ve lost people or or we’ve just become mums and we’re more vulnerable." She added: "I go on social media but I don’t love it and I hope it becomes extinct by the time my children have grown up."