Adam Barlow’s (played by Sam Robertson) life has been turned upside down ever since his former flame Lydia Chambers (Rebecca Ryan) arrived in Coronation Street. The scorned lover has convinced Sarah Platt (Tina O’Brien) the two rekindled their affair but when the mum-of-two refuses to support her husband as he recovers from potentially life-changing injuries, will he find comfort elsewhere? In recent scenes, ITV soap fans watched as Adam drowned his sorrows by flirting with a girl. Adam has been ostracised from his wife who chose to believe Lydia when she ‘confessed’ to having an affair with the lawyer. The playboy has tried to prove his innocence but Sarah refused to listen to his explanations. Sick of being treated like a bad guy, last week Adam enjoyed a few drinks and flirted with a girl. He spun her a cruel lie claiming his wife had died in a car crash. Read more: Coronation Street icon Daisy Midgeley's killer plan exposed? However, after receiving a text from Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan), Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) turned up. He explained Adam’s wife is very much alive causing the lawyer to storm off into town. Official soap spoilers confirm Adam will fall off a balcony and be rushed to hospital after being being attacked by Lydia. Despite concerns he may lose his sight, Sarah will remain wary of supporting her husband. When Adam realises his wife hasn’t been by his side when he needs her the most, will he agree his marriage is over and look elsewhere? A new love interest for the lawyer could come in the form of a newcomer who has appeared in rival soap EastEnders. Danniella Westbrook, who is best known as Sam Mitchell in the BBC soap, has spoken out on her wishes to join another soap. Speaking to GB News’ Mark Dolan, she said: “I’m looking to the future. EastEnders was great, I grew up in front of the nation but it’s in the past. I am so RIP Sam Mitchell. DON'T MISSCoronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Lydia pregnant – but who's the father? [THEORY]Coronation Street's Gary Windass star addresses possible exit [INTERVIEW] “I would love to do Emmerdale or Corrie. I would also to get back into stage acting where it all started for me. “I will be 50 next year and I’d love to one day play Momma in Chicago.” The actress originally played the role from 1990 to 2000 before being axed because of her battles with a drug problem. Kim Medcalf was recast in the role in 2002 and played the part until 2005. Danniella resumed the role in 2009 and made appearances in 2010 and 2016. However, in January 2022 it was announced Kim would again be taking the role from Danniella. The actress caused a stir on multiple occasions during her various stints as iconic Sam Mitchell. If she was to join Coronation Street it would be fitting for her to follow in Sam’s footsteps and cause trouble on the cobbles. Adam may feel his marriage is beyond saving and his determination to convince Sarah of his innocence could turn to frustration. Will he lash out and move on with a newcomer in a dangerous plan to get revenge on his wife? Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday, Friday at 8pm.