James Martin may be a familiar face to ITV viewers for his weekend cooking show Saturday Morning, but the chef's passion for cooking started when he was just a 13-year-old. The 49-year-old's flair for great food and wine began on a holiday to France with his dad. Since then, he has worked with some huge names including Antony Worrall Thompson and Marco Pierre White. However, James went on to admit one person he is thankful for was his college mentor Ken Allanson. The TV chef explained despite hating school and failing his cooking class, Ken was the person who inspired him to do better. "I didn't enjoy school, to be honest with you," James began. "I didn't like it, I wasn't very good at it, I failed all my exams at school including cooking. "I got a C in art, that was all I got, all I came out with. But I came out with a passion for food really." READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? He continued: "I was quite fortunate, I met an amazing guy called Ken Allanson, he was in Pickering. "He was my lecturer at catering college, and he was the one I suppose... there were several moments in your life where they push you in the right direction. "Not necessarily push you in the right direction but they point you in the right direction. "He was the lecturer at catering college that certainly pointed me the way that I went." Paying a tribute to his mentor in the Talkshire, Welcome to Yorkshire podcast, James added: "For that, I thank him every single day. "I wake up and go to work, it's just... that's where I was until I was 16 really. "We were never going to be farmers," he explained as he spoke about his family. "We were sort of pig farmers but we weren't very good at it. "We were surrounded by food, my grandmother lived in York, my auntie lived by Rowtrees so you could smell the chocolate so, I've been surrounded by food all my life." DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly red-faced as Mr Motivator demands apology [VIDEO]Tipping Point fans distracted by player's 'odd' name for machine [REACTION]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT] The chef explained his mum is a great cook and so they only ever ate out at restaurants occasionally as a treat. He said every Sunday, his entire family would gather around the table to eat together. Following his stint at catering college, James moved to London in 1991 where he landed his first job at Alastair Little in Soho. Two years later he started working as a junior pastry chef at the Chewton Glen before getting his first job as a head chef at Hotel Du Vin. It was then in 1996, the presenter landed his first-ever role in TV. He began his TV career on Sky One before moving on to Ready, Steady Cook and The Big Breakfast. The chef admitted that 2006 was a "big year" for him as he reached the semi-finals of Strictly Come Dancing and was announced as the host of BBC One's Saturday Kitchen. However, in 2016, James was replaced by Matt Tebbutt and a year later he moved over to host his ITV show, Saturday Morning.