In a poll that ran from 9am on Tuesday, March 8, to 8am on Thursday, March 10, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will have more children?” A total of 1,056 people cast their votes, and hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article in a lively debate. The majority of voters – 65 percent (273 voters) – said “no” they do not think Meghan and Harry will have more children while a further 26 percent (273 voters) said “yes” and nine percent (101 voters) said they did not know. In the comments, it was clear that many did not care or feel affected by the issue. Username Waysie wrote: “Don't know if this pair will have more children and I suspect like the majority of people I don't care!” In 2019, Meghan and Harry revealed that they only plan to have two children in an attempt to lessen their environmental impact. Prince Harry made the revelation during an interview with world-renowned environmentalist Dr Jane Goodall during an interview for Vogue, adding: “We should be able to leave something better behind for the next generation." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were granted an award for their commitment to keeping their family small to mark the UN’s World Population Day. A spokesman for UK charity Population Matters – who presented the Sussexes with the award – said: "In choosing and publicly declaring their intention to limit their family to two, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are helping to ensure a better future for their children and providing a role model for other families. "Having a smaller family reduces our impact on the Earth, and provides a better chance for all our children, their children and future generations to flourish on a healthy planet. “We commend the Duke and Duchess for taking this enlightened decision, and for affirming that a smaller family is also a happy family." DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Furious Meghan Markle fans slam William after 'ignorant remark' [LIVE BLOG]Should Prince William apologise for 'deeply offensive' comments on Ukraine war? [POLL]'I just can’t bear it' Charles breaks down in tears after heartbreaking refugee meeting [LATEST] And username Kamala wrote: “If they do have more children, they'll have to hand back the award for promising only to have a maximum of two children. “Both have said publicly on record that they would not have more than two children. Since stepping back from royal duties Meghan and Harry have been raising their two children, Archie, now two, and Lilibet, nine months, in California. Username Witchgirl said: “It would be hypocritical of them to have another baby when they said they would only have two.” And username Kamala wrote: “If they do have more children, they'll have to hand back the award for promising only to have a maximum of two children. “Both have said publicly on record that they would not have more than two children. Since stepping back from royal duties Meghan and Harry have been raising their two children, Archie, now two, and Lilibet, nine months, in California.