The Daily Mirror's Royal Editor said Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge herself revealed to have discovered a previously unknown connection to a family of famous goat breeders. Lorraine Kelly was in stitches as Mr Myers discussed the news and noted the royal is "just like us" because of her connection to humble traders. The royal expert said: "This is extraordinary. "Well, I kid you not...talking about puns. However, Kate revealed last week she is a descendant of some very famous goat breeder. "I don't know how you become a famous goat breeder. "She's traced back her ancestors and in the latest round of reports we've had at the weekend, some sleuths from the Sunday newspapers have found out that she was indeed descended from very famous goat breeders who had a very nice Georgian mansion. "So, she's just like us." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR ROYAL LIVE BLOG The Duchess of Cambridge shared the new insight into her family's background during a visit to Wales last week. Speaking during a visit to Pant Farm, Llanvetherine, Kate said: "I was looking into my ancestry and there was someone there who was a rare-breed goat farmer. “I'll have to find out which one it was. It was just after the First World War.” Research into the claims returned a connection between the Duchess of Cambridge and the former Mayoress of Leeds, Dr Elinor Lupton, and her sister Elizabeth. READ MORE: Prince William is already 'coaching' son Prince George to be future King The unmarried sisters ran a herd of rare-breed goats at Beechwood in Roundhay, Leeds. The Lupton sisters were first cousins to the Duchess's paternal great-grandmother, Olive Lupton. Dr Lupton was a close friend to Princess Mary, aunt to Queen Elizabeth II, who lived in nearby Harewood with her husband Henry Lascelles. Kate's grandfather Peter Middleton was a frequent visitor at Beechwood during his childhood. DON'T MISS:Prince George shows playful rivalry with Kate in rare engagement [INSIGHT]The bizarre reason Prince Charles was almost not a Prince [ANALYSIS]Royal fans go wild over Prince George's resemblance to Diana [PICTURES] Writing about his stays at the Leeds Estate, Mr Middleton said in his memoir: "We were somewhat in awe of our cousins Elinor and Bessie [Elizabeth]. “Visits to them at Beechwood were always rather special occasions before which my mother held careful inspections for dirt behind the ears, clean hankies etc. “An even greater ordeal was the annual Beechwood Party, for which I still remember the horrors of trying to tie a black bow tie for my first dinner jacket. Nor will I forget my terror of Elinor and Bessie's aunt, Lady Bryce.” Historian Michael Reed said: "Kate is absolutely related to goat breeders. Farming and the land are in her blood. “Her great-grandmother Olive Middleton's first cousins won awards from the Royal Agricultural Society for their expertise in rare goat breeding in the years between the world wars.” The Duchess of Cambridge shared the new insight into her family's background during a visit to Wales last week. Speaking during a visit to Pant Farm, Llanvetherine, Kate said: "I was looking into my ancestry and there was someone there who was a rare-breed goat farmer. “I'll have to find out which one it was. It was just after the First World War.” Research into the claims returned a connection between the Duchess of Cambridge and the former Mayoress of Leeds, Dr Elinor Lupton, and her sister Elizabeth. The unmarried sisters ran a herd of rare-breed goats at Beechwood in Roundhay, Leeds. 