Losing weight doesn’t mean you have to cut out all the foods you enjoy. Michael Mosley and the team at Fast 800 have devised several recipes which are not only delicious but also healthy. Their chocolate beetroot brownies are only 128 calories per serving and contain a “secret ingredient” to increase their nutritional value. Michael said: “We’ve been getting creative in the kitchen with our indulgent, oozy and surprisingly healthy chocolate beetroot brownie. “The secret to these squares of goodness is one ingredient your taste testers will never guess. “Beetroot has an abundance of health benefits; they have been scientifically proven to contribute to reducing inflammation, improving digestive health and have also been recognised to suppress appetite. “Their natural sweetness, and low amount of calories, make beetroot brownies the perfect occasional treat.” READ MORE: Nutritionist shares 'important' supermarket tips for weight loss The recipe serves 20 and takes 20 minutes to prepare and 20 minutes to cook. There are just 128 calories per serving. 100g coconut oil, plus extra for greasing 275g cooked beetroot, drained and cut into small chunks Three large eggs 60g cocoa powder 100g soft pitted dates 100g wholemeal self-raising flour One tsp ground cinnamon One tsp bicarbonate of soda 75g plain dark chocolate (around 85 percent cocoa solids), roughly chopped DON'T MISS...Rare coin set to fetch £1.5million at auction [NEWS]How to save money on your energy bills - 10 tips [EXPERT]Prince Harry's body language displays signs of ‘joy’ with new life [VIDEO] 1. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees C (fan 180, gas mark six). Grease and line the base and sides of a 20cm loose-based square cake tin with non-stick baking paper. 2. Place the beetroot, eggs, cocoa powder, dates and coconut oil in a food processor and blend until thoroughly combined. You can also blend the ingredients in a bowl using a stick blender. 3. Add the flour, cinnamon, a pinch of sea salt and the bicarbonate of soda and blend until well combined. Add an extra tablespoon of water to loosen the mixture, if needed. Stir in the chocolate, then spoon into the prepared tin, spreading to the sides. Bake for about 20 minutes, or until risen and just firm to the touch. 4. Cool in the tin for 10 minutes, then turn out and cut into squares to serve. Michael’s wife, Dr Clare Bailey shared the brownies she had made on Instagram and gave followers her top tips. She explained how those following a Keto diet can eat them. “Try these luxurious super healthy chocolate brownies which are made with beetroot,” she commented. “Swipe the images to see the gorgeous purple-red batter! Indulgent but unlikely to spike blood sugar or stop ketosis (if you stick to one) which is easy as they don’t tend to create sugar cravings. “So easy to blitz together in one bowl. You can even use cooked beetroot from a packet. “No added sugar, sweetened with soft dates, contains lots of healthy nutrients, plenty of fibre and beetroot is known to reduce blood pressure. “Tastes great accompanied by a dollop of full-fat live yoghurt and a handful of berries.” The recipe is also available on page 237 in the Fast 800 Recipe book. Many people have made the brownies and shared their results. User ecokindly wrote: “Favourite is this one page 237 all way lol, best healthy recipe ever. I have adapted using chickpeas water instead of eggs & it’s so moist. I call it a guilty-free cake and my daughter loves it, so we avoid all unnecessary refined sugar & besides it tastes amazing! Thank you so much for bringing healthy recipes to our home.” [SIC] Someone with the username jl_sue.m commented: “Taste even better the day after if there’s any left.” Barrattjoanie added: “These are a staple for us - I often have a small piece warmed up and served with berries and yoghurt for my breakfast.”