The former Peaky Blinders actor will star in ITV's The Ipcress File, which debuts on Sunday, rivalling his former BBC show. The 33-year-old is well-known for portraying John Shelby in the hit period crime drama before his character was killed off in 2017. His brother Finn Cole remains on the show, but Joe has sported an entirely different look as spy Harry Palmer in the upcoming ITV series. In a recent interview, he explained how he took on the character's traits. When asked about getting the look right with Harry's iconic glasses, Joe replied: "They had two different types of glasses. "Both are clear. But one of them has curved lenses, so they reflect light in different ways. "Occasionally I’d have to wear flat glasses just for the camera. "But most of the time it was the curved lenses that look like real glasses because they're the same shape." READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series He continued: "The glasses were massive in getting into the character of Harry Palmer. "I remember going into Cutler and Gross in Knightsbridge. "I tried on every pair in the shop and there was only one pair that worked. "As soon as I put them on, I said, 'these are the ones'. "Then our costume designer Keith Madden turned up and he said, ‘yeah, they’re the ones'. "It was great because glasses are tricky to get right - they have to really suit your face. "I think we got it right. They really suit this character and my face. "Originally we were looking at the same ones that Michael Caine wore back in the day. And they just did not work. DON'T MISS... Tipping Point fans fume as they spot pattern in show [REACTION]Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [LATEST]Peaky Blinders' Joe Cole on thing BBC role left him unable to do [INTERVIEW] "The ones we used still have the very hard black, strong frames and they just worked. "For me, as soon as I put them on it was job done." The upcoming spy thriller is based on the globally renowned Len Deighton novel of the same name. Polly Hill, ITV's Head of Drama said in a statement: "I'm thrilled to be bringing John Hodge’s brilliant adaptation of such an iconic novel to ITV. "Harry Palmer is an incredible part and this would have been impossible without the right actor, so we are all delighted that Joe Cole will take on the role. "The talent on and off-screen means this will be a treat for audiences when it comes to ITV." With both shows airing at the same time, Joe will be competing with his actor brother Finn, who is still starring in Peaky Blinders as Michael Gray. The Ipcress File debuts on ITV on Sunday at 9pm, while Peaky Blinders airs on BBC at 9pm.