Sue Ashcombe-Hurt slammed Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak for the price hikes and claimed he was not a Tory but a Labour Chancellor. The disgruntled worker's comments came as Mr Sunak prepared to unveil his Spring Statement in the Commons, in which he failed to step back from his planned National Insurance rise. He did however increase the threshold of payment to £3,000. Many in the UK cannot afford the rising cost of living in the UK, and increases in National Insurance contributions have left many fearing they will be reduced to poverty. Ms Ashcombe-Hurt told GB News: "I want Rishi to be an actual Tory and not a Labour Chancellor. "Because that is what he's been doing, and I think you know they ought to do more about the fraud that goes on. "And I spend my money very carefully and I spend it a lot better than he does if he let me keep more of it." Host Eamonn Holmes said: "Could you tell me... You said you got your heating bills down to 65 quid in a month, that's some going. "Could you outline.., Could you tell us the story of how you actually do that?" JUST IN: Petrol prices soar: RAC warns penny pinching Brits hit by record-high prices at the pump Ms Ashcombe-Hurt said: "Well as I say I switch the heating on perhaps once a week to keep my house warm for three hours. "And that heats my water up as well, I spend most of my time in the house with two cardigans on usually, and I've got my fleece to watch the TV on. "And as I said before I only have one hot meal a day, the rest of the time I drink warm drinks and sandwiches basically. "And you know I just don't use hot water as much and stuff like that, just anything that uses energy.  READ MORE: Rishi Sunak and his wife's huge fortune including spectacular Yorkshire mansion    Ms Ashcombe-Hurt added: "I do my washing once a week or once a fortnight if I can. "Anything that uses heat for electricity, I don't use if I can help it." Zoisa North-Bond, the CEO of Octopus Energy Business & Generation, spoke with Express.co.uk about the new scheme. Ms North-Bond explained the firm's green scheme, and how they plan to scale it up by introducing new wind turbines in certain parts of the UK. DON’T MISS: Prince Harry suffers 'embarrassment and distress' after 'feeding frenzy of hostilityKhan 'blindsided' by Putin: Pakistan left in cold after botched bid to 'outflank' IndiaKirstie Allsopp fires back over 'ignorant' reaction to Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe “Our Fan Club tariff has backed up our idea of why we believe we can deploy so many renewable projects and quickly. “These are two turbines, one in East Yorkshire, just outside Market Weighton and the other in Caerphilly, South Wales. “We know that when energy is in abundance and the grid is overloaded with capacity, electrons are much cheaper to use.  “What is great is that with these turbines, which are 5-7 miles away from these villages, when these blades are turning, we can actually pass on significant discounts to the consumer for using energy during this period.”