Like previous generations of royal women, the Duchess is known to send messages with her outfits. One such occasion was when Kate subtly paid homage to Princess Diana with her birthday portraits this year. The trio of stunning images are displayed publicly for the first time in four venues across the country today as part of the National Portrait Gallery’s ‘Coming Home’ project, where pictures of famous figures are loaned to places they have strong ties with. The pictures can be viewed at the Middletons’ family church in Pangbourne; St Andrews University where William and Kate met; the Oriel Mon museum in Anglesey where the couple lived before their wedding; and Reading Museum, which is near the Royal Berkshire Hospital where the Duchess was born in 1982. Taken by renowned photographer Paolo Roversi to mark Kate’s 40th, the photos contain hidden tributes to Diana. During the shoot, Kate – who is a keen photographer herself – wore earrings that once belonged to her late mother-in-law, who died in 1997. In a black and white long shot, the Duchess pairs the diamond and pearl items with Diana’s former sapphire engagement ring. Royal fans will have noticed Kate’s nods to Diana at the time the photos were released on January 9. JUST IN: 'Not self-conscious' Prince William makes rare reference about Prince Harry on Belize trip However, the three photographs also feature another homage to Diana. Comparisons have been drawn between Kate’s black and white shot and an image taken of Diana in 1988. The portrait of the Princess of Wales was taken by famous fashion photographer David Bailey. The sitting was commissioned by the National Portrait Gallery and the image features Diana side-on in a Catherine Walker dress. The image is part of the ‘Life Through a Royal Lens’ exhibition, which opened at Kensington Palace earlier this month, and which also features a previously unseen portrait of the Queen and Prince Philip from 2017, pictures of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and Prince Andrew as a boy. The exhibition's curator, Claudia Acott Williams, acknowledged that the reasoning behind the images of Kate and Diana may be similar, in terms of looking back to the past, but stressed that Kate was unlikely to be taking direct inspiration from Diana’s portrait. She told Marie Claire: “I think that they are both referencing things earlier again. “I don't think the Duchess of Cambridge is referencing a Diana portrait. “I mean, also, this one wasn't in the public, so I don't know if she would have seen this until now. “But I think what they are both doing is they're referencing, I think, Victorian and early Edwardian styles of royal portrait – which are these profile shots.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family: Meghan's subtle gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' in relationship [LATEST]Prince Charles was given marriage 'ultimatum' by father Prince Philip [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex’s ‘disaster’ after marrying into Royal Family [ANALYSIS] The expert said that Kate was also referencing other figures from history in the three photos taken for her birthday. She said: “I think the Duchess of Cambridge's – in some respects, it references a kind of late Nineteenth Century portrait in the style of [Franz Xaver] Winterhalter. “Which then is kind of referencing Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, or early Queen by [Cecil] Beaton. “He was also referencing Winterhalter which was Nineteenth Century. So I think they're both referencing something much earlier.” Kate, 40, and William, 39, attended their first evening event of their Caribbean tour on Monday. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were in Belize for the third day of their trip, where they were hosted by the Governor-General of the i Central American nation. During the reception at the Maya ruins at Cahal Pech, near San Ignacio, William issued a message of “solidarity” with Ukraine. Kate wore a metallic pink dress, which she paired with a traditional Maya handbag and earrings.