The Emmerdale star appeared on Monday's instalment of This Morning to discuss his character's upcoming heartbreaking storyline. The 53-year-old actor revealed he asked the crew to cover up the dressing room mirrors so his genuine reaction to when his character saw his face for the first time following a massive stroke would be captured on screen. Mark explained the reaction ITV viewers will see is "real".   Mark, who has played Emmerdale's chef Marlon for almost 26 years, does not normally embrace "method" acting but he has decided to change his approach in heartwrenching scenes yet to air. Speaking about wearing prosthetics on set following his character's stroke, the actor told The Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Josie Gibson: "I’m not a method actor at all, but I asked them to cover all the mirrors up in makeup when they put it on. "I wanted, when we shot it, what the viewers will see tonight is when I see it, the first time I’d seen it. "It had an impact on me. The reaction viewers will see tonight is real, you know?" READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star   ITV soap viewers will soon see Marlon fall drastically ill after he and Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) propose to each other as their moment of bliss turns into heartbreak. His face is one of the first tell-tale signs he has suffered a stroke and the storyline will run for months as Marlon and his new fiancée come to terms with his condition. To ensure the scenes are as true as real stroke survivors’ experiences, Mark has worked closely with the Stroke Association. He also had the help of a real-life stroke survivor, called Nick Hounsfield, as he navigated the scenes.   Mark continued: "Overnight, it’s not just with stroke victims, it’s the people around them who become carers. "Suddenly, their roles in life change utterly. There’s a real communal response to it." While viewers can expect some hard-hitting episodes in the coming weeks, Mark admitted there will be some moments of "light". "It’s not like people lose their sense of humour. It’s a very humane story, there’s a lot of love and light in it," he added. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [LATEST]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'covered in bruises and shame’ after fall [UPDATE]Mark Charnock wife: Who is Marlon Dingle star married to? [INSIGHT] "The light is where the hope is for the future and the recovery." Marlon's daughter April Windsor's (Amelia Flanagan) quick-thinking actions ultimately help save his life. The character has to be given an emergency thrombectomy, one of two options available to those who have a stroke. Mark added: "Time is important and the crucial thing is the acronym FAST - which is so important if someone is having a stroke.  "It refers to face drooping, arm weakness, speech difficulties and time to ring 999. "It makes an enormous difference patient is treated within four and a half hours." Emmerdale fans will have to wait and see how Marlon and his loved ones cope over the next few months. Emmerdale airs on weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV. 