Spain has experienced extreme weather in the last couple of weeks. From heavy rain to dust storms, tourists should take care to follow the advice of local authorities. According to the Spanish weather agency, AEMET, an orange weather warning is in place in the southern city of Cadiz. The warning has been issued due to strong winds and powerful waves and will last until 6pm. The popular tourist provinces of Malaga, Granada and Almeria are all under a yellow weather warning. Granada and Almeria are expected to face Force 7 winds and conditions are likely to be hazardous for certain activities. READ MORE: Spain holidays: 5 'hidden costs' to be aware of British tourists should avoid boating, swimming, surfing and rock fishing while the weather warning is in place. Cadiz is likely to face winds of up to 80km while nearby areas including Tarifa will face Force 8 gails. The weather is expected to be cloudy for much of the week in the Costa del Sol with the average temperature expected to be around 15 degrees. The Canary Islands have also experienced wet and windy weather over the weekend with strong gusts up to 70km. Andalucia could also see the return of muddy rain on March 28 and 29, according to the weather agency AEMET. It is possible another calima will bring orange haze back to Andalucia with muddy rain a possibility. A calima is the Spanish word for a storm which colours the skies orange with dust carried from the Sahara. Calimas can cause muddy rain and cover cars and houses in a thick layer of dust. Tourists should also take care to avoid strenuous exercise as calimas can affect air quality. British tourists should follow local advice in their holiday destination in the event of a calima or extreme weather. Spain is one of the UK’s most popular tourist destinations and easyJet data shows more than 30 percent of Britons plan to travel there this year. Top hotspots include the Costa Blanca and the Costa del Sol, particularly the resort areas of Benidorm, Alicante, Marbella and Estepona. Many tourists also choose to travel to the stunning island destinations in the Canaries or the Balearics. British tourists visiting Spain will need to be fully vaccinated unless they have a recent Covid recovery certificate. British teenagers aged between 12-17 can travel to Spain without being vaccinated if they have a negative PCR test within the last 72 hours. Britons are not allowed to use NHS tests for travel purposes and must pay for a private test if needed. Tourists will not need to fill out a passenger locator form or take any tests after arriving in UK as they were scrapped earlier this month.