The Repair Shop has been replaced on the BBC One schedule with Question Time filling its usual slot on Wednesday. The Jay Blades series airs at either 8pm or 8.30pm depending on whether a full or shortened episode is being shown but this week a special edition of Question Time is being aired instead. Fiona Bruce presents a special episode of the BBC politics show focussing on events in Ukraine. Panellists include Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi and Shadow Foreign Secretary David Lammy. Ambassador of Ukraine to the UK Vadym Prystaiko and former Prime Minister of Denmark Helle Thorning-Schmidt also join. Lawrence Freedman, Emeritus Professor of War Studies at King's College London completes the panel. Read more: The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea addresses 'pressure' behind scenes The Repair Shop fans can get their next fix of the Jay Blades series on Friday at 8am on BBC Two. The series eight episode shows the team repairing a 1960s armchair, an electrostatic generator and an extraordinary bicycle. This is followed by a shortened version of series four, episode 21 at 2.30pm. In this instalment, the team restore a ventriloquist’s dummy, a 1920s typewriter and an athletics trophy. New episodes of the hit restoration series premiere on Monday at 3.45pm. Series nine kicks off with the team repairing a leather handbag, a wooden Noah’s Ark and a wartime doll. This episode is repeated on Tuesday at 7.15am on BBC Two. The new series continues later on Tuesday with episodes airing daily on weekdays at 3.45pm. DON'T MISSThe Repair Shop: French and Saunders join Jay Blades for special show [INSIGHT]Amanda Middleditch leaves Repair Shop duo in tears 'How!' [VIDEO]The Repair Shop expert Dominic Chinea details 'testing' restoration  [INTERVIEW] Meanwhile, Jay will welcome Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders to the shed for a special charity episode. The comedians will play their characters from The Extras as they try to blag a free fix from the team. Presenter Jay and experts Julie Tatchell and Amanda Middleditch will be on hand to try to limit the chaos. Speaking about the project, Dawn said: “I don't think we've ever said no to Comic Relief because it just is too important, and because it's from our community. “I know that the money is spent correctly and I know that there are projects that are ongoing that need us to be ongoing.” “I wouldn't ever want to let anyone down,” Dawn added. Host Jay added: “You must watch it to see how funny it was. For fans of the show, it’s a real treat!" The Repair Shop series 9 begins on BBC One on Monday at 3.45pm.