As the cost of living increases daily for average motorists, the majority have called for taxation on electric vehicles. Recently EV grants have been extended and this week a huge £1billion of investment into charging infrastructure was announced by the Government. But ordinary motorists driving petrol and diesel vehicles are still subsidising EV owners who currently pay no road tax (VED). And many now feel the time has come for EV drivers to start paying into the treasury. Express.co.uk readers have flocked to the site over the past month to have their say on reported Government plans to introduce toll roads. Those toll roads would see EVs charged per mile as a way to claw back some of the taxation lost after petrol and diesel cars are banned in the UK after 2030. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak considers network of new toll roads The Department for Transport also committed to a two year extension of the Plug-In Van and Truck Grants in a bid to support the purchasing of EVs by businesses. That’s in addition to the new EV funding announced last week that means there will eventually be five times more electric chargepoints in Britain than petrol pumps. Around £500million will be invested to bring high quality, competitively priced public charge points to communities across the UK. The raft of measures to support current and future electric car owners has left everyday drivers behind, and many are angry, saying that EVs are often owned by the well-off, who can afford to pay their way. One reader, ‘Stockportlad’ underlined their belief that taxation is the way forward, writing: “Just tax electric vehicles. "Let’s be truthful here, all these electric cars create just as much damage to the environment with the mining of special metals for the batteries, more generation of Electricity to charge them.” While ‘Malph’ claimed: “Anyone who bought an EV thinking they would remain free of taxation were seriously naive.....it was never going to happen!” ‘Ronflynn’ summed up the mood of many writing: “If you can afford to pay £30,000 and more for an electric car, then you can certainly afford to pay road tax as I and all other motorists do. Find something else to cry over.”  Another commenter, ‘Athedly’ pointed at the unknown effects of switching to EVs and said: “When electric cars are now proven to create more pollutants than diesel cars because of the carbon footprint of the battery and also its weight causing tyre debris to be spread more quickly of course they should be taxed more. Hydrogen is the way.” While ‘Nosirrah’ suggested: “Flat rate road tax for all cars, separate tax rates for commercials by weight ……. Oh and a modest rate for all cycles and add a compulsory third party insurance requirement!” “Electric cars cause serious damage to the environment," another agreed. “They use around seven times as much energy to manufacture as compared to a standard car and their batteries cannot be recycled easily. Tax them!” Meanwhile the news of the Government's extension on EV grants was also met with anger from motorists. One reader, ‘Johnpaul’ wrote: “The Government's overall plan is to get the poorer off the roads. The increase in fuel costs are not a coincidence but their way of forcing people into electric vehicles. “Who will want a used vehicle where the cost of a replacement battery is £25000. I spoke to a guy that fits and repairs them and he absolutely warned me not to buy one.” While ‘Robertpaul1’ added: “How stupid are people to believe this? The government taxes us to the hilt then gives some of it back and calls it a grant? They give us nothing, it was ours in the first place.”