After Britain's exit from the European Union (EU) was confirmed, the two parties have been attempting to renegotiate terms for a special Brexit deal relating to Northern Ireland. Coined the Northern Ireland protocol it’s been a point of contention that’s led to threats from each side of triggering a mechanism called Article 16. But what is it? The UK and EU agreed to the creation of the Northern Ireland protocol, in October 2019. By allowing goods to flow freely between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland the deal removed the threat of a hard border. But the arrangement has also resulted in what’s been labelled as an 'Irish Sea border'. READ MORE: ‘Totally undeniable’ MPs colluded with Remainers to try stop Brexit  Goods that now arrive into Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK are subjected to more stringent checks and controls. In the scenario that either the UK or EU feel that the protocol is leading to significant issues or hampering their capacity to trade, then they have the option of activating Article 16. The component sets out the process for taking unilateral "safeguard" measures, which in reality would amount to suspending parts of the deal. Specifically, Article 16 says safeguard measures can be taken if the protocol is leading to serious "economic, societal or environmental difficulties" that are liable to persist.  During the past month, the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine has left politicians preoccupied with international affairs. Professor Anand Menon, director of the think-tank UK in a Changing Europe, told Express.co.uk that he “wouldn’t have thought” now would be a good time to trigger Article 16 and that both sides are “being a bit cautious because of the broader international situation at the moment”. In fact, Joël Reland, a researcher from the same think tank, agreed that today would be “an especially delicate time” to trigger the mechanism. DON'T MISS: Boris denies being 'most anti-Russian leader' after gold sanctions [EXPLAINED]Thousands of Britons plunged into 'total darkness' [NEWS]Putin has legs cut from beneath him as Russian morale 'shockingly low' [INSIGHT]  He said: “Triggering Article 16 now would severely disrupt the unity of the UK and EU response to the war in Ukraine. “It is thus perhaps not surprising that key US figures chose this week to restate that any uncertainty around the stability of the Good Friday Agreement would hinder a future UK-US trade deal.” In recent months talks between Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and her EU counterpart Maros Sefcovic have stalled, leading to calls from Brexiteers for the UK to act. However, Professor Menon cautioned that triggering Article 16 won’t “rid” Britain of the protocol.  He added: “I think the British Government if it triggers Article 16 will do something relatively small and contained. “And then there’s not a massive bust-up. You don’t end up getting rid of the protocol. You end up with months if not years of negotiations, mediation and arbitration. “So, it’s a way of doing something but it’s not a way of solving anything. In a sense you’re still stuck with the protocol and you’re still negotiating about the future of the protocol.” In essence, were Article 16 to be triggered it wouldn't have a huge impact on the ground. Many of the checks on goods flowing from Britain to Northern Ireland have already been unilaterally suspended. Triggering the mechanism itself would only start a formal dispute process that requires both sides to go into talks to resolve. 