Heads of the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) are planning to shut around 42 offices across the UK, with 13 to be shut with "no other strategic site nearby" for their 1,300 workers to move to. The Public and Commercial Services (PCS) union has fired back at the plans, warning thousands of other members of staff are at risk of redundancy when other sites are transferred to new premises by June 2023. PCS general secretary Mark Serwotka said: "The Government was quick to clap civil servants at the start of the pandemic - they're even quicker to scrap them now they've declared the pandemic over. "Our members have worked tirelessly behind the scenes, keeping the country running, paying out benefits to almost two-and-a-half million families, helping them to put food on their table and keep a roof over their head. "These are the workers rightly praised in 2020 by Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Therese Coffey as 'exceptional' and in November last year by Prime Minister Boris Johnson as 'miracle workers'. "But now, as food and fuel prices rise faster than ever, they're being abandoned by the Government and left to fend for themselves." DWP minister David Rutley told MPs that meetings were being held with affected staff on Thursday. Ministers are planning to contact MPs in affected constituencies at 1pm on Thursday and make a written statement on Friday. MPs were told some 3,000 jobs within the DWP could be at risk from the plans to close offices. The 13 offices to be closed could see around 1,300 staffers lose their jobs or be shunted to another government department. Roughly another 29 offices will shut with their 12,000 workers having to move to another site nearby. SNP work and employment spokesman Chris Stephens asked Mr Rutley: "Can the minister confirm that the announcement could mean 3,000 job at risk of redundancy in the Department of Work and Pensions? And what measures is he going to ensure that this does not happen?" He also claimed the DWP is "looking to close offices in high economic deprivation areas" which is "counter-intuitive to the so-called levelling-up agenda". Mr Rutley replied: "There are going to be around 12,000 colleagues who will be moving from one site to another in close proximity - around 28 sites involved there. "In terms of colleagues that will be affected where there is no other strategic site nearby, there are around 1,300 colleagues that could be involved." Mr Rutley added the Government will "see what opportunities there are within DWP”. He also said other departments for affected staff and added that the change "does not impact job centres and the customer-facing interactions". Later on Thursday, Mr Rutley said: "This won't impact on services because the services we are talking about are primarily telephony and digital." A number of MPs asked about how the issue could affect their constituencies but the minister did not provide details, saying they were engaging with staff “as we speak". While the DWP has been in talks to close some offices for a number of years, MPs hit out as many of the closures are in key parts of northern England, from Blackburn and Bradford to Washington and Stockton-on-Tees. Shadow DWP minister Justin Madders said: "It looks as though the DWP doesn't believe in levelling up, it doesn't believe in its own rhetoric on jobs, and it doesn't believe in keeping people in work. "Many of the closures are in areas of economic deprivation that can hardly afford to lose good quality, public sector jobs." It comes after 12,000 Universal Credit advisors who were hired to create Britain’s “biggest ever Jobs Army” have been told to reapply for their own jobs as their temporary contracts run out. MORE TO FOLLOW