Paediatric dietician Sarah Bushell helped parents address their children’s food problems for a living, but struggled in her own home to keep mealtimes stress-free. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Sarah revealed how she changed her children’s attitude to both family and food – buffet-style. Sarah began: “I had one kid who was really picky and really strong willed, refusing foods all the time. “And a couple of years later, my daughter actually had a food aversion because she was unwell as a baby. She learnt that food hurt her, so she became totally disinterested in eating.” Sarah found that, despite making a living advising other parents how to combat these issues, these methods “didn’t actually work” in her own home. This led her to America, where she studied the psychology of eating, in the hopes of applying these findings to her own family. READ MORE: Horoscopes: Gemini has 'useful' trait in love but must 'stop worrying' What she learnt “absolutely revolutionised” her family meal times. She took this new method of feeding for families back to the UK when her children were just four and two years old. Now, at ages 13 and 15, they still use this strategy “every single day”. Sarah managed to reverse her children’s fussiness, broaden their culinary horizons, and bring her family closer together, just by providing dinners buffet-style. Cooking something like spaghetti bolognese, Sarah would serve a multitude of dishes: pasta in one, sauce in the second, salad in another and garlic bread in the fourth. On the same table, there may be some chopped up mango, raspberries, and a couple of yoghurts for dessert. Rather than serving starters, main courses and desserts separately, Sarah allows her children to pick and choose in whichever order they like. “They’ll have a couple of raspberries in the middle of eating fajitas, that kind of thing.” One of Sarah’s main worries was that she didn’t want her children “growing up learning to eat kiddie food as opposed to food that I wanted them to eat”. She was also concerned that by plating up her children’s meals, she could unintentionally be over or under feeding them: “The whole point of it is that you're trusting your child to listen to their internal body signal of being hungry or being full. We're putting them in charge of the food that goes into their own bodies.” However, parents can still set a healthy example for their children whilst still giving the autonomy to make the final call: “By building your own plate to have some vegetables, some chicken, some pasta, whatever it is, they can see from looking across the table what it takes to build a healthy meal.” Asked if this method has a potential risk to child weight gain, Sarah assured: “It’s actually the opposite. If a child is allowed to eat intuitively, they won't gain too much weight. But if a child is being told to eat something, we know that in the long run we know that those kids go on to gain extra weight as adults.” As for the impact buffet-style eating has had on Sarah’s family, the effects have been exponential: “I couldn’t believe the difference.” “Essentially what it does is it protects a bit of family time. Even if it’s only half an hour, we still gather round the table every evening, chatting, eating and socialising – it’s made us closer.” Beyond the dinner table, Sarah suggested that making mealtimes sacred for spending time with family “absolutely” shapes who children are as people. “Research shows that children who grow up having family meals - not necessarily buffet-style - but that eat with their families, are less likely to get into trouble, less likely to be smoking, taking drugs, drinking alcohol. I think they've even linked it to less likely to have sex underage.” Sarah admitted that there is one downside to this parents’ mealtime hack: “More washing up.”