Bertha Russell (played by Carrie Coon) came out on top after a lavish ball in the finale for the first season of Downton Abbey creator Julian Fellowes’ new series, The Gilded Age. However, as the latest episode rolled out on Sky and HBO on Monday, all eyes were on Peggy Scott (Denée Benton), who made a startling discovery about her stillborn son. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Gilded Age. Peggy learned her newborn son had actually survived the birth in Monday’s season finale of The Gilded Age, Let the Tournament Begin. In the penultimate episode of the first season of the hit new drama, Peggy confessed to the Rhijn-Brook family her son had been stillborn and her marriage had been forcibly annulled. To make the revelation worse, Peggy’s father Arthur (John Douglas Thompson) knew and put her son up for adoption without her knowledge. Many fans of the series were furious with the latest developments and took to Twitter to express their emotional reactions to Peggy’s discovery. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? Madam CJ DuckWalker wrote: “Yeah. Send Peggy's father to hell in a gasoline-soaked suit. I am disgusted and so sad for Peggy. WOW.” @nyc_earthling said: “Next season I want a storyline to be Peggy finds her baby. I teared up.” @RichardWritesOn fumed: “And Peggy! Whew… I’d seriously be like f*** my daddy! That’s some crazy, cold-hearted s**t!” While Noelle exclaimed: “I seriously hate Mr. Scott. But I'm happy that Peggy has her mother by her side!” (sic) Peggy’s father forced the annulment when he felt her husband wasn’t of good enough standing to support her in the marriage and lied about her son’s death to avoid her becoming a single mother. However, fans all agreed the young secretary should be able to dictate her own life and blasted Arthur for his cruel and audacious actions. Thankfully, her mother Dorothy (Audra McDonald) stood up for Peggy and assured her she’ll stop at nothing to recover her grandchild. Much of season two, which has since been confirmed to be in the works for HBO, will undoubtedly focus on Peggy and Dorothy’s search for the missing child. DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Lauren Lyle thanks fans for support after Fergus scenes [COMMENT]NCIS LA season 13: Callen’s undercover mission ‘blown’ [VIDEO]Bridgerton season 2: Simone Ashley recalls co-star ‘passed out’ [INSIGHT] Considering Arthur was determined to keep Peggy away from her son, it’s unlikely he’ll be any help in their upcoming investigation. While most fans were left distraught by Peggy’s revelations, others were glad she’s at least one step closer to reuniting with her son. @Purring_Rachel said: “Awww I'm SO happy for Peggy! I hope in season 2 they find her child. She deserves to see him. “But damn her dad is a jack a**. I really hope we see more of Peggy and her family in season two. Their storyline is so interesting.” And Montserrat Mendez said: “I loved the character of Peggy and I hope they go deeper into the Gilded Age of African-American Brooklyn, which was extraordinary.” The first season of The Gilded Age may not be the blockbuster hit Downton Abbey was, but there are certainly plenty of viewers who are eagerly anticipating the show’s return. Will Peggy reunite with her son in season two? Or will Arthur have more tricks up his sleeve to keep his daughter under control? The Gilded Age is available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and Sky Go and NOW in the UK.