Tottenham boss Antonio Conte faces critical decisions on four players after his side fell to a shock defeat at Middlesbrough on Tuesday evening. Josh Coburn's extra-time winner sent Spurs packing, removing any feint hopes of silverware this season. With the Italian outspoken about his concerns, Express Sport analyses four players who could be on the brink: The Irishman began with Wolves in the Premier League, stuck with them as they tumbled down to League One, and rode the wave as they came all the way back up again. A perfect fit in their system, Doherty shone under Nuno Espirito Santo, prompting Spurs to pull the trigger in 2020. The 30-year-old bagged his first Tottenham goal against Leeds at the weekend, and while he can fill in on either flank, his lacklustre performances have left fans underwhelmed on the whole. Doherty was hauled off after starting Tuesday's FA Cup tie, and if Conte is serious about facilitating an exit as was rumoured in January, the club may need to lower their demands. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE  A fellow troubled wing-back, the decision to axe Sessegnon comes with added complications due to his young age. Still only 21-years-old, the Fulham youth product burst onto the Championship scene while still a teenager, breaking numerous records in his debut season at the age of 16. The temptation to hold onto Sessegnon in case he comes good may therefore figure in Tottenham minds, but he has barely got out of first gear since switching to north London in 2019. The youngster was also substituted against Boro, and has failed to score in all 14 of his appearances this season. DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours Having signed as recently as summer deadline day, putting Royal in the shop window would be an embarrassing admission of defeat for Spurs. They shelled out £26million to bring him in from Barcelona, and just one season later, they are likely to take a significant financial hit if they opt to cash in. Royal's lack of sharpness has fallen short of what Conte demands from wing-backs, and his spot in the side may have been put under greater pressure if the squad boasted healthier competition. With the Italian's three-back formation placing plenty of emphasis on wing-backs to fly forward and back, the 23-year-old could encounter the same problem as Sessegnon and Doherty, in that only the best is good enough. A left-back by trade, Davies has been deployed on the left side of a back three since Conte's appointment in November. While his transition has not been a total disaster, not many see the 5ft 11in Welshman as Spurs' long-term defensive solution. Having returned from injury, Cristian Romero seems to have set the standard at the back for the Lilywhites, and Conte is likely to seek out talent that can forge worthy partnerships with the Argentine. It remains to be seen whether new centre-back recruits are sounded out in the summer, and whether Davies' time at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium will end as a result.