Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall earlier this year was announced as the future Queen Consort as the Queen praised her daughter-in-law for the support she had given her and Prince Charles since joining the family. Express.co.uk columnist Carole Malone noted the announcement was the result of a cleverly designed PR strategy designed to win over the public and change the Duchess' image as a "homewrecker." Camilla was reviled for years due to her relationship with Prince Charles, with many accusing her of having caused the breakdown of his marriage with Princess Diana. Speaking to Jeremy Vine on Five, Ms Malone said: "When I was reporting on the royals, Camilla was literally the most hated woman in Britain. "She really was, she was the devil incarnate never mind a national treasure. She was hated, she was seen as a homewrecker and even when Diana died, she kind of got blamed for that. People were thinking that if it hadn't been for her, Diana wouldn't have been in that car, she wouldn't have been with Dodi al-Fayed. "She had to bear a lot of you know what before. But I think the Palace's PR machine has been very clever with Camilla." The broadcaster continued: "What they did is the first few years she was rarely seen at official events. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG "Her coming out, if you like, was in 1999 at the Ritz where the two of them were together at Camilla's sister's birthday party. "This was a big thing and people would've forgotten it but it was a big thing for them to be together. "Over the years, the Palace has just gone slowly, slowly, slowly. They didn't shove her down our throats. "Back in 1999, something like 5 percent of people thought she could be Queen. In 2012, that went up to 53 percent and now, if you did a poll now, I think the majority would say it's fine. I think she's turned her position now." READ MORE: Prince Harry book: Kate could be 'disrespected' by Duke as concerns raised over content The Duchess of Cornwall has continued to split opinions, however, with some still struggling to accept Camilla despite her having married Prince Charles nearly 17 years ago. In an attempt to appease the public, Clarence House announced at the time of their wedding that Camilla would become known as Princess Consort when the Prince of Wales ascended the throne. She also adopted the title of Duchess of Cornwall despite the Princess of Wales automatically passing on to her when they tied the knot as the role remains strongly associated with Princess Diana. In a statement released to mark her Platinum Jubilee, the Queen said: "When, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes king, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan sparking 'disenchantment' in Americans [INTERVIEW]Prince Andrew set to 'bank-rolled' by Queen for the 'rest of his life' [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry still haven't backed up Oprah claims after one year [INSIGHT] "And it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service," she said in a message marking her Platinum Jubilee." And in YouGov's latest survey following the Queen's announcement of Camilla's new role, the Duchess appeared to have won over a large part of the respondents. Of the 2,228 British adults polled, 42 percent were in support of her becoming Queen Consort sometime in the future. Only 10 percent said they would prefer her to take on the title of Princess Consort, while 15 percent said they wanted her to have neither title. 