Goalkeeper: Alisson Liverpool's title credentials have been boosted thoroughly this season by having Alisson in their ranks throughout the entire season. The Brazilian star has missed just two games in the league this season, only conceding 18 goals in 26 league matches. With Caiomhin Kelleher behind him in the ranks, the Irishman does pose a good threat to Alisson if poor form was to creep in. But having been arguably the best keeper in the Premier League this season, the former Roma keeper is a long way from being replaced just yet. JUST IN: Man Utd ‘join transfer race’ for Raphinha with Chelsea on standby  Defence: Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Robertson The Reds' defence has been imperious recently; not only conceding a minimal amount of goals, but helping the team out in the attacking department, too. With just four goals conceded in the league since the turn of the year, any team who comes up against Klopp's men will be well-pressed Alexander-Arnold and Robertson have a combined 29 assists in just 67 games this season, amounting to 26 per cent of Liverpool's goals in all competitions. And with Matip and Van Dijk forming a formidable partnership, the Reds are well equipped. DON'T MISS Barcelona 'could sign Mohamed Salah for just £50m' Arsenal urged to sign 'ideal' Lacazette replacement in summer window Liverpool's Diaz masterstroke could tilt title in Klopp's favour  Midfield: Fabinho, Thiago, Elliott Thiago's excellence comes out more with every passing game following a slow start to his first season in England. He would likely be partnered by Fabinho, with the Brazilian really hitting his prime with six goals from defensive midfield in just 33 games. Jordan Henderson would potentially be omitted only for his age, allowing other younger talents to come in and impress. And based on form this season, Harvey Elliott would edge ahead of Curtis Jones - with the Liverpool-born star and Naby Keita very respectable options off the bench. Attack: Pino, Jota, Diaz Salah's departure would be a disaster for Liverpool fans, with the Egyptian staking a real claim for the best player in the world on current form. The silver lining however is that a new star would get a chance to take over his crown at Anfield. Luis Diaz, Sadio Mane and Diogo Jota would all compete for the left-wing and striker berths. And given the Reds' links to £67million-rated Villarreal star Yeremi Pino, the Spaniard could be the latest attacking talent to light up faces on the Kop.