The world number one, who won her first grand slam at the French Open in 2019 and the Australian Open, has retained the top spot since then. Ms Barty won Wimbledon last year and in January became the first home player to win a Men's or Women's Australian Open in 44 years. However in a social media video on Wednesday, Ms Barty said she was retiring to "chase other dreams". She said: "I wasn't sure how to share this news with you so I asked my good friend [retired Australian tennis player Casey Dellacqua] to help me. "I am so thankful for everything this sport has given me and leave feeling proud and fulfilled. "Thank you to everyone who has supported me along the way, I'll always be grateful for the lifelong memories we created together." Ms Barty added she was "absolutely spent" and "physically I have nothing more to give". Women's Tennis Association head Steve Simon said in a statement Ms Barty would be missed. He said: "Ashleigh Barty with her signature slice backhand, complemented by being the ultimate competitor, has always led by example through the unwavering professionalism and sportsmanship she brought to every match." Fellow Australian Grand Slam winners also paid tribute. Sam Stosur praised Barty's "incredible career", while Dylan Alcott described her as a "champion in every sense of the word". READ MORE: Ash Barty: Australian Open champ on facing struggles with partner  Romanian former world number one Simona Halep asked Ms Barty a question about her future. She said: "What's next for you? Grand Slam champion in golf?!" Ms Barty matched Serena Williams by winning major titles on clay, grass and hard courts. Her Australian Open victory cemented her reputation as a national hero. DON'T MISS:  What Barty was spotted doing moments before Collins win [REVEAL] Ash Barty WINS Australian Open final with history made against Collins [INSIGHT] Barty insists she is ready to end Aus Open hoodoo in historic final [SPOTLIGHT] In a poignant moment she was presented with her trophy by fellow Aboriginal Australian tennis champion and mentor, Evonne Goolagong Cawley