Health Secretary Sajid Javid has ordered a jet to bring the sick children to the UK. Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine has seen hospitals across the country forced to cease treatments. Mr Javid lashed out at Putin’s war in Ukraine on Tuesday, railing against Russia’s attacks on health facilities. He said: “Already at least 16 health facilities have been verifiably attacked by Russian forces. “I don’t believe most Russian people would support these war crimes against their Ukrainian neighbours - no wonder Putin tries to hide behind propaganda.” Now, reports suggest the Health Secretary has approved plans to charter a jet to provide cancer treatments to sick children. Speaking to The Sun, a source close to the Health Secretary said ministers are working with their counterparts in Kyiv to fast-track visas for the children. A health source told the outlet: “We are urgently making plans to evacuate a number of children and their families to the UK where they will be looked after and receive NHS treatment for their conditions.” In a speech at the Royal College of Physicians in London on Tuesday, Mr Javid claimed the UK has sent more medical supplies and equipment to Ukraine than any other country. He said: “This morning at 7am, our sixth flight left and I think, from what we’re told, we have done more in terms of medical supplies, medical equipment than any other country at this point and of course we will continue to do whatever we can and help in that way. “In terms of those who might need emergency healthcare, we are looking what we can do with our partners in the bordering countries, providing medical support in maybe Poland or Moldova on the ground because often that is what is going to make the biggest difference rather than trying to fly someone thousands of miles. “But where there is a need for acute life-saving care, I don’t want to say too much at this point, but we are looking at options, working again with our European partners and our partners working with the Foreign Office on this and looking at what we can do. “And we will absolutely be playing our part in that, especially when it comes to the children.” READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin on alert as UK and NATO poised to deploy 5k-strong On Wednesday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said a maternity and children's hospital in the city of Mariupol had been hit by a Russian air strike. He said people were trapped under the wreckage, and called on Western leaders to impose a no-fly zone. The Ukrainian leader also posted footage apparently from inside the hospital, which appeared badly damaged. A regional official told Ukrainian media that at least 17 people were injured, including staff and patients. Pavlo Kyrylenko, head of the Donetsk regional administration which includes the port city of Mariupol, said no deaths had been confirmed, and there were no confirmed injuries amongst children. He said the attack happened during an agreed ceasefire with the Russian side, according to Interfax Ukraine. The Mariupol city council said the strike had caused "colossal damage", and published footage showing burned out buildings, destroyed cars and a huge crater outside the hospital. Mariupol Deputy Mayor Serhiy Orlov told the BBC: "We don't understand how it's possible in modern life to bomb a children's hospital. People cannot believe that it's true.” Boris Johnson tweeted "there are few things more depraved than targeting the vulnerable and defenceless" following the attack on Mariupol’s hospital. He then said: “The UK is exploring more support for Ukraine to defend against airstrikes and we will hold Putin to account for his terrible crimes.” The UN says it has verified 516 civilian deaths across Ukraine, but it believes the real figures are "considerably higher". Russia insists that it does not target civilian infrastructure in Ukraine.