The Queen has eight beloved grandchildren through her four children with Prince Philip, but not all of her grandchildren are titled as Prince or Princess. The Queen's second son Prince Andrew has two daughters with Sarah Ferguson, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, and both have held Princess and HRH titles since birth. But the Queen's youngest child Prince Edward has two children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn, who break the royal mould with their lack of Prince and Princess titles.  The allocation of Prince and Princess titles in the Royal Family stems from the convention set by King George V in 1917. Under the Letters Patent, grandchildren of the monarch born to the monarch's sons are usually eligible for Prince or Princess titles. And as the grandchildren of the monarch through the male line, both Beatrice and Eugenie were entitled to Princess and HRH status.  READ MORE: Patrick Stewart weighed in on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry exit Beatrice and Eugenie's royal titles are unique, however, as usually non-working royals don't use their HRH titles publicly. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle no longer publicly use their HRH titles, nor does Beatrice and Eugenie's father Prince Andrew. Despite their HRH titles, Beatrice and Eugenie do not receive any public funding from the Sovereign Grant. The princesses also do not complete royal duties on behalf of the Queen, but they do appear at royal events like Trooping the Colour.   As the granddaughter of the monarch through the male line, Louise was eligible for a Princess title when she was born in 2003. As the daughter of Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Louise would have been titled as Her Royal Highness Princess Louise of Wessex. However, it was agreed by the Wessexes and the Queen that their children would not have Prince or Princess titles.  DON'T MISS:Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home [PICTURES]Kate caves as Duchess puts on display of support [ANALYSIS]Princesses Beatrice & Eugenie have 'strong bonds' with the Queen [INSIGHT] Instead, Louise and James are styled as the children of an Earl rather than a Prince, so Louise is known as Lady Louise. James uses one of Edward's subsidiary titles and is known as Viscount Severn, but he could inherit his father's Earl of Wessex title one day. Louise and James are unlikely to be working members of the Royal Family in the future, as they are not directly in line to the throne. Sophie once said during a Sunday Times interview that she and Edward were raising their children with the “understanding that they are very likely to have to work for a living”. 