Leicester City Council’s public consultation ends today, which asks residents for their opinion on the scheme which would charge businesses £550 per year per parking space. The money raised from the scheme will be put towards investing into public transport in the city, as well as cycling and walking networks. A Workplace Parking Levy rules that businesses with 10 or more parking spaces would need to pay a yearly rate to have those parking spaces. The option is there for workplaces to pass the cost onto their employees, which could have a huge impact on workers at a time when the cost of living is already at a record level. One Twitter user, Sir HalilMrT, called on the Leicester City Council to “reconsider” the parking levy on the scheme. They claimed: “This means that my school will have to pay in excess of £25,000 a year on the number of car parking spaces we have. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ “Money that will be taken from the school budget. Away from the children! “We can't morally pass this fee onto the staff as they have rising bills they have to pay, fuel prices which show no signs of reducing, ever increasing food costs. “We can't ask parents to shoulder the burden...for all of the same reasons!” Another user, Nicola Eldridge responded, saying: “I'm in Nottingham and we have to pay a workplace parking levy. DON'T MISSHow motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water [INSIGHT]National speed limits to be slashed to just 20mph - 'necessary' [WARNING]Drivers demand VAT cut as petrol and diesel prices smash records [SHOCKING] “They've just increased it by seven percent. “Annoyingly, staff in schools have to pay a percentage of salary depending on your pay scale. “All other businesses pay a flat rate of £475.” Nottingham is currently the only city in England to have adopted the model so far, with the council collecting more than £64million since the scheme was introduced in 2012. More than half of the costs were passed on to staff, including care workers, teachers and community workers. The RAC had previously slammed the WPL scheme as a “tax on going to work” and pointed out that employees are likely to be the ones who end up paying for them. Nicholas Lyes, RAC roads policy chief, warned of the effects of a WPL and how it could harm the working classes more than most. He added: “The cost will almost certainly be passed down to workers, so in effect it becomes a tax on a person going to work. “This especially affects lower-paid workers who may not have any other way of getting to work.” A report from the Greater Cambridge Partnership estimates that a levy of £1,000 per space would bring in £13million a year for the city. Meanwhile, the London Borough of Hounslow has set out three options: £500, £750 or £1,000 per space. It is estimated that it could generate between £44 million and £95 million over 25 years. In Leicester, the city council reckons it could raise £95 million over 10 years for long-term transport investment. Bristol are also looking at potentially introducing a WPL, which would charge businesses £400 per levy.