Princess Diana was the Peoples’ Princess for good reason. Regarded as one of the people, the British public adored her for her normalcy and relatability as a mother first and royal second. Leading child psychologist Dr Alison McClymont spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Prince William and Prince Harry’s revolutionary parenting. Dr Alison stated: “I think Diana led a revolution parenting style that championed emotional connection over ‘duty and deference to authority’." While it was “typical” for parents to be “more formal” towards their children, regardless of socioeconomic class, ‘due to the belief that children should be seen and not heard”, Princess Diana was keen to get her sons actively involved. Breaking with “tradition”, Dr Alison suggested that Diana’s decision to bring baby William and Harry along with her for formal visits was unusual. However, she was ahead of her time, “more akin to what we now know as parenting that is informed by attachment theory - where the primary caregiver devotes the early years of a child’s life to forming a bond through physical comfort, and close attention to the baby’s needs”. READ MORE: Weight loss: Woman loses 10st and maintains by cutting out 1 food Much loved by the public, the Princess knew her role as a mother was celebrated by the people, once remarking that during Prince William’s birth, she felt that “the whole country was in labour with me”. From the offset, Diana was extremely involved, amusingly rejecting Prince Charles’ suggestion of the names Arthur and Albert as “too old, no thank you”. Dr Alison continued: “She also chose not to educate the boys at home but by encouraging social and emotional development through school-day routine and interaction. “She prioritised fun and playing and would often schedule secret impromptu trips with the boys.” They took a trip to Thorpe Park in August 1993 where the trio were pictured soaking wet and laughing on a ride. A few months later, in October 1993, she boarded a British Rail Inter-city train at Paddington and headed to Cardiff with the boys during their half term holidays. Dr Alison explained that Diana took a rather radical approach in comparison to many other British families: “Amongst the the upper classes in Britain, it was very common to see children who attended boarding school from age six to seven, were raised by nannies and governesses, and only saw their parents for small parts of the day. "The focus was on raising the child to understand tradition and duty rather than raising a 'family environment'." While Prince William is known to be extremely complimentary of his father, he revealed that Prince Charles was often, as would be expected, a little busy. In the BBC’s documentary Prince, Son and Heir: Charles at 70, William shared: “He has amazing personal discipline. “So, he has – and it's frustrated me in the past a lot – he has a routine. “The man never stops. I mean when we were kids there was bags and bags and bags of work that the office just sent to him. “We could barely even get to his desk to say goodnight to him." Despite being busy with royal duties and many humanitarian causes, Princess Diana was a regular on the school run and even competed in Prince Harry’s sports day in 1991. Dr Alison continued: “Her style of parenting is more familiar to what we would see today: high interaction, high priority placed on attachment and emotional needs being met. “I think Diana, due to her fame, showed the world that this ‘human’ style of parenting was ‘successful’ and that it was a good thing to be open with emotion.” Leading a “general shift in the way humans in the public eye attempt to connect with others”, she paved the way for closer relationships between parents and children in both royal and non-royal families. The expert concluded: “She championed the idea that those in the public eye actually are better received the more vulnerability and humanity they show - this was unheard of before Diana.” Dr Alison McClymont is a leading child psychologist.