Her Majesty's decision to have the Duke of York accompany her to the Service of Thanksgiving has been widely regarded as a gesture of support for her son, for whom the memorial of Prince Philip was the first public appearance since he was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages and paid a multimillion-pound sum with no admission of liability to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser, Virginia Giuffre, to a close. The Duke and the Queen, 95, travelled together from Windsor Castle to the 40-minute ceremony in London in the Monarch's state limousine. Onlookers were surprised to see Andrew controversially playing such a central role — his mother held on to his elbow with her left hand and had a walking stick in her right as they walked through the Poets' Corner towards her seat in the abbey. Then, after separating from the Queen at the end of the aisle, Andrew took a front-row seat inside the abbey, beside his brother Prince Edward, and escorted the Queen from his seat when the event ended. Prince Philip memorial LIVE: 'Sour' BBC blasted for Duke of Edinburgh coverage The Telegraph's Camilla Tominey said of the Firm's shift from wanting to distance itself from the Duke to granting him a key position at the much-expected event: "The consensus among courtiers appears to be that the Duke should never appear at another royal occasion, yet when it comes to The Firm, blood has always been thicker than water." The memorial, attended by some 1,800 people, was a difficult event for the Royal Family as various members were visibly moved by the tribute to Prince Philip. The Duke of York, too, sported a sombre expression. The 62-year-old's prominent role at the service came less than a month after his settlement with Mr Giuffre, in which the royal paid a sum understood to range between "£10 and £12million". Ms Giuffre, 38, said she was coerced into sexual encounters with Andrew in 2001 by convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and his longtime girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell at three different locations – in London, in New York and at Epstein's private island in the US. DON'T MISSDr Shola rages in defence of Harry missing Philip memorial [INSIGHT]Meaning behind flowers at Prince Philip's memorial [ANALYSIS]Andrew sparks conflict with Queen – Charles and William not happy [REVEAL] Although the parties settled the case, the agreement is not an admission of guilt from the Duke and he has always strenuously denied the allegations against him. As part of the settlement, which freed Andrew from a civil trial and from giving evidence under oath or in front of a jury, he vowed to "demonstrate his regret for his association" with Epstein by supporting the "fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims". The pair's settlement letter also stated Prince Andrew "never intended to malign Ms Giuffre's character". The fragility — and public anger — surrounding Andrew could barely be guessed looking at him at a front-row seat at the service, next to the Earl of Wessex and across the aisle from his other siblings. As Ms Tominey put it, this may well have been "a display of a mother's love for her second son" and a chance for the Duke "to restore his reputation in the guise of helpful plus one".