A recent survey by money.co.uk named Dubai's Burj Al Arab Jumeriah "the most beautiful hotel in the world". Sitting off the coastline of the city, though the hotel is officially rated a five-star escape, it is widely referred to as a "seven-star" hotel due to its array of opulent amenities. Images snapped of the architectural marvel have been shared on Instagram 2,428,501 times, thanks to its striking appearance against the Persian Gulf. The hotel soars 660ft (200m) above the water and its shape pays homage to the sail of an Arabian dhow. Burj Al Arab, translating to ‘The Tower of Arabs’, is home to 199 rooms, every single one classed as a "suite" making it the "tallest all-suite hotel in the world". In 2008, the hotel also broke the record for the most expensive cocktail, valued at AED 27,321 (approximately £5,663). READ MORE: Benidorm feeling ‘confident’ despite ‘increase in costs’ Once inside, luxury practically oozes from the walls - with materials including 1,790sqm of 24-carat gold leaf, 28,000 light fixtures, 24,000sqm of Statuario marble from Italy, as well as custom-made carpets and rugs from South Africa and India, bespoke wooden doors from Dubai, and glistening chandeliers from the UK and Europe. The hotel is home to three aquariums, housing over 50 species of fish, as well as a unique cascading indoor waterfall complete with fibre optics. Every single suite boasts floor-to-ceiling windows, offering guests their own, untouched vistas of the Arabian Gulf. DON'T MISSSpain: Bad weather damages Costa del Sol beaches [INSIGHT]Spain’s strict rules on unvaccinated Britons set to continue[EXPLAINER]Boost as Spain ditches more Covid rules to get back to normal life [REPORT] In-suite electronic systems allow guests to fine-tune their environment, and every room also features a rain shower and Jacuzzi, an extensive selection of complimentary Hermès amenities and a pillow menu with nine options, including options for children. Whether looking to drink or dine, guests don't even need to leave the hotel to have all of their needs met. There are eight venues on offer, including the new contemporary cocktail bar Gilt which offers a menu of drinks and small bites, and stunning views from the 27th floor. Other dining venues include premium seafood restaurant Al Mahara, French Italian fusion cuisine in Al Muntaha and afternoon tea hotspot Sahn Eddar. A private dining menu is also served 24 hours a day for all guests staying in the hotel’s luxury suites. Burj Al Arab also places a huge focus on wellness and leisure, home to five swimming pools, a spa and a gym. Talisa Spa is perhaps one of the most unique in the world, perched 150m above the Arabian Gulf. Set across two levels, the spa offers 16 luxurious treatment and therapy rooms, separate male and female indoor infinity pools, a jacuzzi, saunas, steam rooms and plunge pools. Of the five swimming pools, while two are in the spa, there is additionally an open-air swimming pool and two on the hotel's terrace. The terrace also features its own 1,120sqm private beach area - for which 1,000 tonnes of white sand were imported. If all of that isn't enough, guests of Burj Al Arab Jumeirah also have complimentary access to Wild Wadi Waterpark and Summersalt Beach Club at nearby hotel Jumeirah Al Naseem.