In a dig at NATO over its response to the Russian invasion of Kyiv, Mr Zelensky said that NATO lacked “bravery” in its response to Vladimir Putin adding that he doesn’t see a “common consensus” for Ukraine to be accepted into NATO. During his latest speech, Mr Zelenksy also gave a hint about having peace talks with Russia in the future. He said that the peace talks could take place in Jerusalem.  He said: “Our diplomats are discussing details with Russia, and I hope that we will have a real peace process to end the war, but first there should be a ceasefire. “This will allow us to open humanitarian processes, evacuation of people, and the delivery of water, food and medicines. “We’re waiting for this process, we’re discussing processes to end this war. “I’m happy in principle that we have received a signal from Russia.   “They hoped to occupy our country in three to four days, but unless they bring millions of Russians here to die, you cannot occupy Ukraine. “You can lay siege to our cities, you can pepper Ukraine with the bodies of Russian soldiers, but you cannot occupy the minds of our people.” However, in a strong-worded statement, the Ukrainian leader said Russia can only take Kyiv if it “razes it to the ground”. Reports claimed that Russia was feared to be making final preparations to lay siege to Kyiv after gaining ground in its outskirts, with troops said to be less than 15 miles away. READ MORE: Sturgeon's dream in tatters as new poll shows indyref2 support plummet  Sharing details about the negotiations, Mr Zelenskyy said Russian and Ukrainian teams have begun to talk about concrete topics rather than exchanging ultimatums during peace talks, adding that the West has so far not been involved enough in the negotiations. Mr Zelensky said that around 1,300 Ukrainian troops have been killed since the beginning of the attack, and that on Friday, up to 600 Russian soldiers surrendered. In a tweet later in the day he posted that he had spoken to Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett and “talked about Russian aggression and the prospects for peace talks”. He said: “We must stop repressions against civilians”. DON'T MISS:US consulate in Erbil targeted by 12 long range missilesRoyal Family LIVE: Harry's heartbreak over UK visit as 'mentor' unwellDeutsche Bank warns Swift ban on Russia will ‘complicate trade' Israel has been engaged in diplomatic efforts to try to end the war in Ukraine. Mr Bennett has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin and spoken by phone with the Ukrainian president. Referring to peace efforts led by Israel, Mr Zelensky said: “We have a positive stance on the mediation efforts… we believe that he can play an important role, because Israel is a special country with a lot of history and a lot of parallels, and Israel also underwent a large wave of migration of Jews from Ukraine, Russia, Belarus, and all of Europe.” 