Manchester United chiefs apparently think Marcus Rashford and Luke Shaw are just as important as Bruno Fernandes and are keen to tie the duo down to new deals. Fernandes has reportedly verbally agreed a new five-year contract at Old Trafford, with an announcement expected after the international break. United started the campaign in fine form as they won four of their first five Premier League matches and signed Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo. But the team’s performances went downhill over the autumn and former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given his marching orders. Ralf Rangnick was brought in to steady the ship in November but has struggled to get the best out of his players. And he is set to step aside in the summer and take-up a behind-the-scenes consultancy role at the club. United will then appoint a permanent boss, who will be tasked with building a squad that can put an end to United’s barren years and compete for honours once again. And club bosses think Rashford and Shaw should be part of that. According to ESPN, the pair are seen as important members of the squad - like Fernandes is - and the decision to offer them new contracts will come without the consent of the next manager. JUST IN: Van Gaal gives brutal verdict on Man Utd as he urges Ten Hag to snub    Rashford has suffered a disappointing season this time around after missing a penalty for England during the Three Lions’ shootout loss to Italy in the final of last summer’s Euro 2020. The 24-year-old was forced to miss the first two months of the campaign after undergoing a shoulder operation in the summer. And his stock has fallen under Rangnick over the last few months. He is no longer guaranteed a place in the frontline under the German and has started just three Premier League games since the start of the year. Rashford has one more year on his current deal but has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford in recent months. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit     Shaw, meanwhile, has continued as United’s first-choice left-back this season, despite Brazil international Alex Telles filling in at times. But the Red Devils have looked shaky at the back for large spells of the season - and Leicester City are the only team in the Premier League top 10 who have conceded more goals than them. Shaw’s contract also comes to an end in the summer of 2023. So United chiefs will be hoping both England internationals will sign on the dotted line as soon as possible. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 