Many have commented that Vladimir Putin’s horrifying invasion of Ukraine is giving off a striking resemblance to Adolf Hitler’s takeover of Czechoslovakia in 1939. The German leader had promised world leaders at the Munich Agreement in September 1938 that he would not make any more “territorial claims” in Europe. Within six months, he took the rest of Czechoslovakia and attacked Poland, starting World War 2. Putin’s Hitler-esque land grab is striking fear across the world, with eyes on his every move as Russian troops close in on the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv. Even before war broke out in September 1939, Hitler had started construction on a subterranean bunker complex. The Führerbunker was an air raid shelter located near the Reich Chancellery in Berlin, constructed in two phases in 1936 and 1944. Hitler took up residence here on January 16, 1945, and it became the centrepoint of the Nazi regime until the last week of World War 2 in Europe. READ MORE: UK's list of 'probable nuclear targets' unearthed It was in this bunker that Hitler spent his final hours — he married Eva Braun there less than 40 hours before he took his final breath. The Führer’s final hours were detailed in the Smithsonian Channel’s 2013 documentary ‘World War II: Final Days’. Sergeant Rochus Misch served as both Hitler’s bodyguard and the bunker’s telephone switchboard operator. He recalled a tense and bleak atmosphere, with people living in a continual twilight zone, unable to sleep. Hitler, he said, was determined not to suffer the same humiliation as Benito Mussolini — the former Italian Prime Minister and his mistress were captured and shot by communist partisans as they attempted to flee the country. Sgt Misch told the documentary: “Everybody was already half dead, it was very close to the end. “I don’t know if you can imagine what those days were like ‒ the lack of sleep, the feelings of things coming to an end.” Late in the morning of April 30, 1945, Hitler had a meeting with General Helmuth Weidling, commander of the Berlin Defence Area. DON'T MISS:Dunkirk: How one captain’s quick-thinking saved British lives [INSIGHT]How Great British brand Rolls-Royce helped beat Nazis in World War 2 [REVEALED]Queen pelted with eggs in WW2-bombed German city [EXCLUSIVE] With the Soviets less than 500 metres from the Führerbunker, Gen Weidling told him Berlin would fall within 24 hours. At around 3pm, Hitler and his wife retired to their personal study. Sgt Misch recalled: “We knew he would shoot himself. Everybody was waiting to see whether they could hear the shot. “And then somebody called out, ‘I think the time has come’.” Hitler’s valet, Heinz Linge, had entered the antechamber and discovered the door was closed and a lingering smell of gunpowder. Sgt Misch recalled: “I can’t remember who opened the door. But when the door was opened, I wanted to see. “I went over a few paces to the right, and there I could see how Hitler had fallen and Eva Braun was next to him on the sofa.” Hitler had shot himself in the head as he bit down on a cyanide capsule, and was found sunken over with blood dripping out of his right temple and a gun at his feet. Eva’s body had no visible wounds, and had died of cyanide poisoning. Sgt Misch continued: “I can’t remember whether it was Hitler or Eva Braun who was carried out first. “Then, I ran away. I went to the commander of our unit in the new Reich Chancellery and made my report: ‘The Führer is dead’. “Nothing mattered anymore, nothing mattered.” News of the Führer’s death was not announced until the following day when radio station Reichssender Hamburg interrupted their normal program to confirm he had died. Joseph Goebbels became the new Head of Government and Chancellor of Germany, but committed suicide himself the same day. 