Talk around the Duke of York has quietened down since his legal settlement in principle with accuser in US civil case Virginia Giuffre. He has repeatedly denied all claims against him. Nick Goldstone, head of dispute resolution at law firm Ince, told Express.co.uk this is likely to have cost the prince “multiple millions”. Now, royal commentators have suggested the settlement in principle does not necessarily mark the end of the road for the Queen’s grandson. Kerene Barefield, Executive Producer for True Royalty TV, said Prince Andrew is holding onto the hope he “still has a future” within the Royal Family. She told Fox News: “Royal experts shared, by speaking to friends of the Duke of York, that he still believes he has a future as a royal. “The language that he used in his statement, like the fact he will be helping sex trafficking victims, could be seen as him trying to reposition himself and reinvent himself in the eyes of the public.” Here, Ms Barefield referred to the statement sent to US judge Lewis Kaplan earlier this month confirming the settlement in principle. It said: “Prince Andrew intends to make a substantial donation to Ms Giuffre's charity in support of victims' rights… “Prince Andrew regrets his association with Epstein, and commends the bravery of Ms Giuffre and other survivors in standing up for themselves and others. "He pledges to demonstrate his regret for his association with Epstein by supporting the fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims." Ms Barefield’s comments echo those of Mr Goldstone, who recently told Express.co.uk Prince Andrew may attempt to “rehabilitate himself”. READ MORE: Harry faces angry backlash for launching book in Queen's special year Despite these attempts, Mr Goldstone claimed the prince would remain firmly “off stage”. The Duke of York’s former association with Jeffrey Epstein could, he suggested, be too difficult an image to remove from the public’s mind. Royal historian Marlene Koenig made a similar prediction before the settlement in principle was announced, suggesting Prince Andrew will remain in “his corner”. DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Mrs Koenig told Express.co.uk it was expected Prince Andrew will attend certain events, but he will not appear centre-stage. He is unlikely, she suggested, to be present at full, public royal engagements. But Ms Barefield stressed he would attempt to return to a more public role despite opposition. She said: “It’s my understanding that [his daughter] Princess Eugenie also has a charity that helps sex trafficking victims. And it might be that he’s trying to get on board with that. "All he has is his family right now to support him.” Ms Barefield added: “It’s my understanding that Prince Andrew still believes he has a lot to contribute to public life."