Manchester United's travel arrangements for their Premier League clash with Tottenham were thrown into doubt a matter of hours before kick-off. Coronavirus concerns saw the Red Devils scrap plans to use their team coach, with players subsequently arriving at Old Trafford by car. United welcome Spurs to the Theatre of Dreams for a 5:30pm kick-off on Saturday as they look to bounce back after last weekend's humiliating 4-1 humbling at the hands of fierce rivals Manchester City. However, preparations for the clash have been far from ideal. United have confirmed David De Gea will start in goal despite ongoing confusion after he reportedly tested positive for Covid-19. Second-choice goalkeeper Dean Henderson was expected to deputise, however, it has been widely reported that the Spanish stopper's result was in fact a false positive. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumours  Ralf Rangnick confirmed that defensive duo Luke Shaw and Raphael Varane were both forced to miss last weekend's Manchester derby due to the virus, but it appears the club's Covid concerns are far from over. According to the Daily Mail, United abandoned plans to travel to Old Trafford by coach on Saturday due to their ongoing concerns over the virus. Instead, the club's squad were expected to make their own way to the ground, traveling by car instead. Bruno Fernandes will miss the Tottenham clash through illness, while fellow midfielder Scott McTominay is absentee due to a calf problem. DON'T MISS  One player who has returned to United's starting XI, however, is Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portuguese superstar missed last Sunday's Etihad mauling, amid reports United's No.7 jetted off to Portugal. Rangnick stated prior to the match that the 37-year-old was missing due to a hip flexor issue, though the legitimacy of such claims were swiftly called into question. United's interim manager confirmed on Friday that Ronaldo returned to training on Thursday and would be available for Saturday's visit of Spurs.  “He resumes training yesterday, did the whole training session and he trained well like the rest of the group," Rangnick revealed. “I expect him to train today. I would've thought he was available tomorrow.” When probed about Ronaldo's trip back to his homeland, Rangnick remarked: “It doesn't make sense to look back on what happened the last six or seven days. “What is important is what happens tomorrow. Not to go through all this. He and Edinson Cavani are both available for tomorrow." 