Manchester United have reportedly identified their top target to replace Paul Pogba in the summer and there is the potential for a cut-price deal. Pogba's second spell at Old Trafford is coming to an end with no progress seemingly made on new contract talks. Speaking back in December, Ralf Rangnick admitted that he was not going to try and persuade Pogba to stay. He said: "Players have to want to play for a big club like Manchester United. If a player does not want to play Manchester United in the medium or long term, I don’t think it makes sense to convince him to change his mind." The Frenchman has since returned from a hamstring injury and has been a regular feature in the starting line-up. He provided the assist for Jadon Sancho's goal against Manchester City, but United still went on to lose 4-1. JUST IN: Man Utd clueless about Ronaldo as star 'defies Ralf Rangnick demands'  Solving their midfield crisis is an ongoing issue for United and it appears as though Pogba has no future part to play in that. Scott McTominay and Fred both came under fire for their performance against United's arch-rivals while Bruno Fernandes was pushed further forward as a false nine. There is still some frustration among United fans that they've not been able to see a consistent Pogba playing at his best. But with Pogba set to leave, United will almost certainly sign at least one midfielder this summer to replace him. DON'T MISS  And it appears as though United could finally make a move for Lazio's Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. The 27-year-old has long been linked with a move to Old Trafford, but United have always been put off by Lazio's asking price. Calciomercato claims that Lazio had previously been asking for a fee in the region of £85million. But now Milinkovic-Savic could be available for as little as £58m this summer, although United aren't alone in showing an interest. Paris Saint-Germain are also said to be considering an offer in the summer with sporting director Leonardo pushing for a deal. PSG and United may well be linked in more ways than one this summer though with Mauricio Pochettino currently the frontrunner for the Old Trafford job. The Argentine head coach could face a mammoth task at United though with a host of players facing uncertain futures. Jesse Lingard, Edinson Cavani and Juan Mata are set to join Pogba in leaving as free agents while Cristiano Ronaldo's next move remains a mystery.