The Club M account was recently named as a “top pick” by Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis. Even better, Virgin Money has just upped its interest rate from 2.02 to 5.02 percent on the first £1,000 saved. Banks have been increasing their savings rates over recent weeks but they have been slow to follow the Bank of England interest rate rise. Anyone with a savings rate of 0.7 percent or lower should consider switching savings accounts, says financial journalist Martin Lewis. The Virgin M Plus Account offered an attractive rate of 2.02 AER, until recently when they increased it to 5.02 percent on the first £1,000 saved. Britons can open both a sole account and a joint account to take advantage of this rate. READ MORE: 'Extremely callous’ Universal Credit claimants to lose £170 a month In addition to this, customers will also receive a £100 Virgin Experience Days voucher for switching. The voucher can be used to pay for more than one experience and is valid for a full year. Frequent travellers might prefer the Club M Account which comes with additional benefits but costs £14.50 a month. One of those benefits is worldwide family multi-trip travel insurance which includes cover for winter sports and weddings. DON'T MISS:DWP update: All the changes coming in April for Universal Credit [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak’s National Insurance increase may impact state pension [ALERT]State pension fury as older people get £2,251 LESS income a year [WARNING] This account also comes with breakdown cover and insurance cover for home gadgets. If all additional benefits are needed, it could be a money saver especially for families, To apply for a new account, people can go onto the official Virgin Money website. They will have to answer a few questions.and use the Current Account Switching Service (CASS) to move their existing account over if they want to reap the £100 gift voucher. Hugh Chater, chief commercial officer at Virgin Money, said the bank took the decision to raise rates to help savers during the cost of living crisis. He said: “Following the Bank of England base rate increase, we want to reward our customers for saving with us and give UK consumers more reasons to bank with Virgin Money. “We recognise the importance of supporting our customers in these challenging financial times, and by boosting our linked savings rates we can give customers better value for their savings.” Current account customers will also receive 2.02 percent interest on balances up to £1,000. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Virgin Money increased the interest rates across many of its savings account products at the beginning of March. Interest rates rose from 0.35 percent to one percent for all new and existing Virgin Money customers. This affects the Virgin Money M Plus Account, the Virgin Money Club M Account and the Virgin Money M Account. Each current account comes with a savings account which allows customers to easily manage their money.