Nottingham War Rooms, which is in the Beechdale area of the city, was strong enough to withstand a nuclear strike and radioactive fallout, and boosted the UK for decades through the Cold War from 1948. It supported 45 staff on two levels, with the main control room spanning both floors. Initially built on a tightly-packed Government estate, the facility got the nickname "the UK's Kremlin" and remained ready to help defend the nation up until the early 1990s. The building was since decontaminated and is now ready to be redeveloped by Homes England, a non-departmental public body that helps fund affordable housing. Chartered surveyors Thomas Lister, which is marketing the sale on behalf of Homes England, managed the recent sale of the building and its 2.1 hectares of developable land. "The formal tender process for the sale of the building has completed and we are currently in negotiation with a purchaser," Rachel Lister, of the firm, said today. The Grade II Listed building was put on the market last year, Nottinghamshire Live understands. But it comes as fears grow the Russian rhetoric "mimics that of the Cold War". Kira Rudik, Ukrainian Party leader of Voice, said: "Russia are basically prepared to invade any country if they need to, and it is dangerous to have this neighbour on the European continent."  Each region had a command hub, like the War Rooms, to help defend its population during the Cold War. Regional Commissioners held absolute power and governed the surviving citizens from the relative safety of the concrete fortresses. And Nottingham War Rooms was one of the largest fortresses with BBC studio engineers and associated broadcast equipment even housed on the top floor during the conflict. The building also possesses a Lamson 'Tube Exchange' mechanism - an exchange system where posted documents are ferried about the complex. Speaking ahead of the sale, a spokesperson for Thomas Lister said: "The soft market testing that we have carried out has demonstrated that the extensive accommodation could provide for a number of commercial uses including space for TV, music and film, for which there is a reported shortfall in space in the UK and growing demand for facilities outside of London. “Initial interest has already been shown by creative industries and education and research facilities which, in collaboration with employers, could also be potential occupiers within this flexible and secure space. "Vertical farming is also increasing in demand and popularity and could also work within a space like the War Rooms, given the ability to facilitate a controlled environment from a lighting and climate perspective. "Ideas incorporating renewable energy creation for net zero carbon development are also sectors with a potential interest in the asset, as are immersive leisure uses such as escape room or virtual reality experiences. "Whilst repurposing a Grade II listing building brings with it some challenges, our soft market testing undertaken has also demonstrated that there will be many uses that this historic building could potentially lend itself to."  