Former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara has admitted to playing mind games over his Premier League top four predictions. Arsenal currently sit fourth in the table, three points ahead of Spurs with a game in hand. Tottenham's 3-1 win over West Ham on Sunday took Antonio Conte's side above the Hammers and Manchester United into fifth. Spurs still have to host Arsenal in a match that is yet to be rearranged by the Premier League after it was postponed in January. Speaking on talkSPORT on Monday morning, O'Hara explained what could prevent Tottenham getting a top four spot. He said: "Spurs have been so inconsistent, I still don't think he knows what team is going to go out there and get a result for him. You never know. "You can put in a great performance against West Ham and then next week we can be poor. That is the problem with Spurs at the minute but I think if we can keep clinging on and keep having a chance of being amongst it, we've still got to play Arsenal which is a massive game. READ MORE: Man Utd looking set for Erik ten Hag appointment after new developments  "It's still all there to play for. I'd love to see us get in the top four, I really would." When asked if he thinks Spurs will get Champions League qualification, O'Hara admitted to playing mind games in order not to jinx his old side. He replied: "No. I'm going to say that because I want to pile in the pressure on Arsenal. "Ever since I've said Arsenal for top four, we've crawled it back a little bit. I think Arsenal are a more sort of balanced team in terms of they all know what they're doing. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES]Arsenal's £184m transfer mission on three signings will provide true test for Mikel Arteta [OPINION]  "I think Spurs are still a little bit inconsistent. Secretly I think [Spurs will], I don't want to say it and jinx it. Because I think we're there but we are inconsistent." Arsenal legend Martin Keown has adopted a similar approach. He claims Spurs are the favourites to take fourth spot. Keown said on BT Sport: “There are a lot of games ahead. I think Spurs look favourites to actually make it into the top four. "Arsenal, I know, they’re in the boss seat now, but you look at the fixtures. There are games away at Chelsea, Spurs. It’s in Arsenal’s hands – they can do it but there is a long way to go.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here