This includes a property worth over £1million, a home with renovation potential and the average cost of a home in the area. Packed with attractions, visitors flock to Portsmouth all-year round. With its Gunwharf Quays shopping centre and the 170-metre landmark observation tower, the Spinnaker Tower, there are many reasons why people choose to live in Portsmouth. Portsmouth is a vibrant city with plenty to do, from shopping to sightseeing. Being a coastal city, there are gorgeous walks along the seafront by Southsea as well as plenty of bars and restaurants. HMS Victory, best known for her role as Lord Nelson’s flagship at the Battle of Trafalgar, is also a huge attraction, located on Portsmouths Historic Dockyard, close to the Mary Rose Museum. It also has great transport links out of the city, with regular ferries to the Isle of Wight. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Portsmouth over the last 12 months stands at £404,000, according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found different homes for sale in the region. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which has huge renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in Portsmouth. Property: Six bedroom detached house Location: Whiteley, Hampshire Price: £2million Marketed by: Walker & Waterer Independent Estate Agents, Whiteley, via OnTheMarket DON'T MISS:‘Simple’ cleaning jobs with items from the ‘back of the cupboards’ [EXPERT]‘Garden fails’ that can ‘decrease’ the value of your home [COMMENT]The ideal mowing height to avoid yellow lawn - ‘simple advice’ [EXPLAINER] This stunning property is situated in one of Hampshire’s finest gated developed, situated on one acre of land. With six bedrooms and four bathrooms, this is a perfect family home. Five of the bedrooms benefit from built in wardrobes, while two have en-suite shower rooms. The home also has a gorgeous family bathroom upstairs and a downstairs cloakroom. There is also a utility room on the ground floor along with an impressive fitted office. Potential homeowners could make use of the heated indoor swimming pool too, with enough space for pool loungers. The home also has a jacuzzi and changing rooms too. The garden is home to a tennis court as well as a gorgeous terrace perfect for dining in the summer. Excellent transport links surround the property, including motorways to Southampton and Portsmouth. Property: Two bedroom apartment Location: Aldwick, West Sussex Price: £225,000 Marketed by: May’s, Bognor Regis, via OnTheMarket This property, on the market for £225,000 has two bedrooms and one bathroom. In need of some updating, the apartment is surrounded by communal gardens as well as other homes and bungalows. Potential homeowners can also make use of its allocated car port as well as visitors parking. Located 1.1 miles away from Bognor Regis’ train station, this apartment is great for those wanting to live near the coast. Property: Three bedroom detached house Location: Fareham, Hampshire Price: £415,000 Marketed by: Pearsons, Fareham, via OnTheMarket This stunning property has three bedrooms and one bathroom, with all rooms throughout the home neutral in colour. With a large front driveway and garage, this £415,000 property is located in a cul-de-sac, perfect for those looking for a quiet area. It comprises of an entrance hall, modern fitted cloakroom, lounge/diner as well as a modern kitchen. The kitchen benefits from fitted appliances and an integrated fridge/freezer and slimline dishwasher. Situated close to Fareham’s town centre, potential homeowners can make use of what the market town has to offer including a huge array of restaurants and bars.