Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch gained popularity after she started sharing her handy cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning star has now managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Inspired by the cleaning sensation, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. One of these tips includes how to remove stains from toasters. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to successfully remove burn marks from her toaster. Charlie Edwards wrote: “Any idea how to clean burn marks on toasters?” Over time burnt stains can build up on toasters, making them look very unpleasant. To make the cleaning job easier, it is best to wipe down toasters after every use. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass Fortunately, Mrs Hinch fans have come to the rescue with their top cleaning tips. Aside from the many conventional cleaning methods commented, many fans suggested using ketchup tip tin foil to rid toasters of burnt stains. Amanda Hall said: “Ketchup and tin foil. Did my toaster yesterday and came up a treat.” Charlie Edwards agreed: “Yes, that’s what I did and it came up like new and then give it a wipe with damp kitchen roll.” DON'T MISS:White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [COMMENT]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [TIPS]Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio [INSIGHT] Heather Lonsdale wrote: “Tomato sauce and tin foil worked brilliantly on min.” Susan Shaw commented: “Used tin foil and ketchup on mine and it brought it up like new.” Charlie was sceptical at first as she was worried that the tin foil may scratch the toaster. She said: “Doesn’t it scratch it?”  Susan quickly assured her that it didn’t scratch her toaster “at all”, rather it made it look “like new”. Amanda Connell explained: “Tin foil with tomato sauce worked a treat on mine yesterday.” Jo Heath wrote: “Read the comments five minutes ago so gave the ketchup trick a try. No effort whatsoever.” Daisy Lyman added: “Ketchup and tin foil is the way to go, always works for me.” Sainsbury’s Hubbard’s ketchup is available to buy for only 44p, while Stockwell & Co Tomato Ketchup from Tesco costs 51p. The next popular suggestion from Mrs Hinch fans was to use Pink stuff paste. Anne Patton said: “I was amazed by Pink Stuff, my toaster is back to new condition.” Joanna Chidlow added: “Use Pink Stuff paste, it brings it up like new! “My mum even thought my seven year old toaster was new.”