Will Smith dominated the headlines on Monday morning in the wake of the star slapping Oscars host Chris Rock after the comedian made a joke about the award-winning actor's wife Jada Pinkett-Smith’s shaven head. Following the attack, Will tearfully accepted the award for Best Actor, but he defended his actions in his acceptance speech by saying he felt compelled to stand up for his family. Phillip Schofield shared his concerns about the outburst on Monday's instalment of This Morning. During the episode, Phillip and Holly Willoughby were discussing the shocking moment alongside former MP Gyles Brandreth and entertainment reporter Sam Rubin. Trying to look forward, Gyles said: "One hopes after today we can move on." However, an unconvinced Phillip interjected: "I don't know if we can move on because there is all the fallout." The This Morning presenter added: "What happens next?" READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn Phillip pointed his question to American correspondent Sam who replied: "Well one Academy Award member is essentially calling for Will Smith to have the Oscar revoked. I think that topic will be revisited." Will won the Best Actor award for his portrayal of Venus and Serena Williams' father Richard in the film King Richard. Sam added: "The Academy sent out the most ridiculous statement ever saying, 'We don't condone violence, meanwhile, 'We are delighted so many Oscars were handed out'. "The Academy has a history of kind of tripping over themselves massively so we shall see what they will do."   Phillip later added: "It is so shocking and unusual that people don't know what to do about it." The unprecedented Oscars moment occurred when host Chris said in an apparent reference to Jada's shaved head: "Jada, can't wait for GI Jane 2." The mother-of-two has been grappling with alopecia since 2018 and the joke deeply affected Will. After the actor slapped Chris on stage, the stunned comic remarked: “Will Smith just smacked the s**tout of me."  DON'T MISS...Oscars 2022 Red Carpet: Best dressed stars [IN PICTURES]Kevin Costner in near miss wardrobe malfunction at Oscars with wife [LATEST]Tory MP's fiery response to Chris Rock's Oscar joke [UPDATE] When Will returned to his seat he repeatedly shouted: “Take my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth." Following the attack, which caused the audience to fall into silence, Will accepted his Oscar while tears were streaming down his face. During his acceptance speech, he said: "I know to do what we do you’ve got to be able to take abuse and have people talk crazy about you and have people disrespecting you, and you’ve got to smile and pretend it’s OK." "Art imitates life," he said. "I look like the crazy father, just like they said about Richard Williams.  "But love will make you do crazy things." Later on, Will attended the Vanity Fair Oscar party with his children and wife where they could be seen smiling for photographers with his award. The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which organises the Oscars, has issued a statement saying it "does not condone violence of any form". This Morning continues on weekdays at 10am on ITV. 