Cleaning guru Mrs Hinch, whose real name is Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame after she began sharing her clever cleaning tips and recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning sensation has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. One of these tips includes how to clean kitchen bins. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on the “best way” to keep kitchen bins smelling fresh. Jessica Embleton wrote: “What’s the best way to keep your kitchen bin smelling fresh?” From food waste to discarded packaging, a kitchen bin can become a breeding ground for unwanted smells in the home. This typically comes as a result of a build-up of bacteria in the bin liner. READ MORE: Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms Yet, even once the full rubbish bag is moved outside, the stench can linger in the home no matter how much water you swill the bin with. Luckily, there is one product that can work wonders at removing unwanted smells. According to Mrs Hinch fans, using “Zoflora” is the “trick” to achieving a clean bin. Nicola Clare said: “I put some Zoflora on a bit of kitchen roll and put it in the bottom of the bin and then put the liner in. Keeps it clean and smelling fresh.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares 88p method to clean dusty skirting boards [TIPS]Octopus Energy first to offer deal BELOW energy price cap rise [INSIGHT]Lawn care: The ‘essential’ trick for healthy grass blades after mowing [EXPERT] Maureen Parker commented: “Kitchen towel with Zoflora in the bottom of the bin under the bag. Smells lovely.” Joanna Keily advised: “Out some Zoflora in the bin bag. It’ll smell amazing.” Hannah Flynn said: “I’ve found that the trick to keeping a fresh kitchen bin is to use Zoflora in the bin bag every time it is replaced. “It’s essential if you want to prevent foul odours.” Lorraine Hickman suggested: “Spray Zoflora in the bin bag. I do this and my bin smells great.” Zoflora kills 99.9 percent of bacteria and viruses and eliminates odours, filling spaces with beautiful fragrance. This makes it perfect to use for removing “foul odours” from kitchen bins. Zoflora can be picked up from The Range for £1, as well as local supermarkets such as Sainsbury’s for £1.40. Other Mrs Hinch fans opted for using a more natural cleaning method to keep kitchen bins smelling fresh. The cleaning enthusiasts explained that the answer lies in a container of baking soda that could be luring at the back of your kitchen cupboards. Helen Murray said: “I clean mine everyday with a spoonful of baking soda and hot water.” Kay Baldwin added: “Use baking soda, it helps soak up nasty bin juices and odours.”