Tim Prime, from Hull, received the heart-breaking news on March 7, when he said a doctor advised him his mum Sheila, 70, would not receive further hospital treatment and they would stop feeding her. He explained that the doctor told him to gather the family together to say their last goodbye. Mr Prime said the call from Hull Royal Infirmary had left him "completely in bits". He added that when family members made their way to the hospital to find out more, a senior nurse told them the information they had been given was incorrect and Sheila was not dying. Mr Prime said: "When I got the phone call I was absolutely devastated. My mum is my queen and I can't see my life without her. "Whatever I've done, good or bad, she was always there for me. Anyone that has met her loves her and she is such a popular lady. "I have had a rough few months with my mental health, and this news was almost enough to tip me over the edge. I decided to stay strong for my siblings, and thank god that I did." A spokeswoman for Hull University Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, which oversees Hull Royal Infirmary, confirmed they are aware of the complaint. Sheila was admitted to hospital with a chest infection on Christmas Eve before being diagnosed with pneumonia. She was fed through a tube and then by mouth, but her meals had to be minced and moist.  READ MORE ABOUT THE HOMES FOR UKRAINE SCHEME According to Mr Prime, someone identifying themselves as a doctor at Hull Royal Infirmary told the family Sheila did not have long left to live and her treatment would end. Two days later at Hull Royal Infirmary the family was greeted by a senior nurse who informed them of the mistake, adding they were given incorrect information about the status of their mum's health. The family claim they were told the doctor who had called them had not seen their mum's medical records. Mr Prime said they were "beyond angry" at the emotional turmoil and have lodged a formal complaint.  DON'T MISS: Nigel Farage is set to pocket £16m in Dutch climate investment [REVEALED] Prince Andrew was meant to 'sit with daughters' at memorial [REPORT] How Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being a 'Lady' [LATEST] A spokeswoman for Hull University Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust told HullLive in response to the allegations: "We can confirm receipt of a complaint from Mr Prime relating to a member of staff’s conduct and communication, and we will respond directly to Mr Prime in due course." After the complaint was made, Sheila moved wards and was then deemed fit for discharge. Mr Prime said the hospital then sent her back to her care home, despite staff there saying they could not cater to her needs. She reportedly spent 12 hours at the home before she was taken back to the hospital where she remains. However, Mr Prime remains concerned for his mother's welfare.  He said: "When visiting mum in the hospital, and having a meeting with her social worker, a staff member gave my mum lunch - an omelette with peas. "Due to mum having a level five diet, she needs all of her food mincing and mashing, and she has a red tray which means that she needs assistance with eating. "I took a picture of the food she was given, which is clearly not cut up at all, and nobody stuck around to help her. "As my mum can't speak due to her swallowing condition, I am very concerned about whether staff are avoiding her and not giving her the care she needs because we have put in a complaint."  In a video recording taken by Mr Prime of his meeting with a social worker, she can be heard admitting "mistakes have been made on all sides". She also noted concerns about Sheila's feeding situation, telling Mr Prime that social services has filed its own complaint. A spokeswoman from the NHS Trust said: "We are concerned to hear of further issues relating to his mother’s feeding and discharge arrangements, and would welcome a further conversation with Mr Prime in order that these additional concerns can be better understood and investigated." The Trust said the only complaint it has received so far relates to misinformation and communication.