Nick Knowles has been vocal on social media in recent months about the controversy surrounding Formula One after Max Verstappen took the victory after Lewis Hamilton dominated the final of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix back in December. The DIY SOS host has since thrown a brutal dig at the Red Bull driver and the team principal Christian Horner. It comes after the reigning world champion, Verstappen, who had been on for second place, failed to score, as did his Red Bull teammate Sergio Pérez, in the final stages of the Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday. Verstappen was left unimpressed while their retirements allowed Hamilton to capitalise with third place for Mercedes. Ferrari claimed a one-two victory with Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz at Formula One’s season-opening race. Taking to Twitter today, Nick, 59, claimed he had not watched the F1 race but shared his thoughts on Verstappen's loss in a cheeky takedown. READ MORE: 'He abandoned us' Strictly's Karen Hauer breaks silence on separation In view of his 169,000 followers, the BBC host claimed that the F1 driver's behaviour was like a "badly behaved child". He tweeted: "Well this morning I’ve caught up on a few @F1 clips - I wonder if Christian has had to ground Max. "Properly spat the dummy during the race didn’t he. Very tantrummy. "Reminds me of parents of really badly behaved children who try to explain it away with 'he’s very gifted.'"  Twitter user, Ian commented: "His post race interview was quite telling. He seems quite happy to throw his team under the bus." Tony K remarked: "Someone’s feeling the stress of being a champion and they don’t have the fastest car this year either so they’re going to be struggling." While Memecastle added: "Almost like every driver complains when they run into issues in real-time. And it's almost like the TV coverage focuses on the current champion a lot, making it appear to the viewer that they whinge more than everyone else does." Addressing the coverage yesterday, Nick took a sarcastic dig at Red Bull. DON'T MISS... Dan Walker questioned over former BBC Breakfast co-star snub[LATEST]Chris Evans details 'bump in the road' as he shares family rule[ADMISSION]Amanda Holden slams Priti Patel over plight of Ukrainian refugees[UPDATES] He wrote: "I didn’t watch today's race on @SkySportsF1 or Ch4 but u can’t be on SM & not pick up on what happened. "I’m heartbroken for RB [Red Bull], CH [Christian Horner]& Max obvs to have something taken away in the last few laps seems so unfair don’t you think? "Delighted for Ferrari as predicted (see previous tweets)."(sic) Twitter user, Chris Docherty commented: "Can’t work out if there’s sarcasm in your comment or not Nick. Doesn’t always come across clear on Twitter." Nick replied with a laughing face emoji.  Red Bull had entered qualifying on Saturday as favourites at the weekend. Verstappen's retirement capped a frustrating afternoon, during which he also disputed orders from his team over the radio and suffered from steering issues. He attacked Red Bull’s strategy as he struggled to pass Leclerc in the Bahrain Grand Prix. The Dutchman felt that after each of the first two rounds of pit stops, each of which saw him pit a lap earlier than Leclerc, if he had been allowed to push harder on his out lap he could have overtaken the Ferrari. “This is now two times that I've taken it easy on the out laps when I could have easily taken the lead," Verstappen said on team radio. "I'm never ever doing it again." Martin Brundle said Verstappen was “angry in that car” after his heated outburst. “You can always say that problems can happen and you might have to retire. But at this level, after already having so much information with engines and stuff, it shouldn’t happen," Verstappen explained, following the race.  He went on: “It is just disappointing, you always say to yourself and to the team: ‘We have to score points, it doesn’t matter if it’s first or second in the first race.' “To lose so many points for the team is also very disappointing, because for the championship where sometimes it can be really tight until the end these are very important points.” Following the race, Horner said: “I can’t remember the last time that happened to us but obviously it’s your worst nightmare. “It’s hugely disappointing, not only to lose a podium with Max, but then also to lose a podium with Checo [Pérez’s nickname] as well. We need to get on top of the issue and come back next weekend.” The Formula 1 season continues on Friday on Sky Sports F1 with the Saudi Arabian GP Sunday's race starts at 6pm. 