In a Cambridge Union debate on conservatism last night (Thursday), the Shadow Attorney General admitted that “there are occasions where conservatism may be the ideal answer”. However, she said the current Government was “so ready to abandon traditional conservative principles when it suits them”.  In the same debate, former Tory leader Lord Michael Howard said that Labour Governments were “well intentioned” but often “fail in the execution”. During her speech in opposition, Ms Thornberry said she agreed with the conservative view that there should be limits on the power of the state – citing that she and Lord Howard had voted against Tony Blair’s law that would have allowed for 90 days detention for suspected terrorists. However, she claimed that many high-ranking Tory ministers currently in Government had departed from this ideal. Ms Thornberry mentioned attempts by the Home Secretary Priti Patel to reform laws surrounding protesting – which were rejected by the House of Lords in January over fears the new law would effectively ban some non-violent protests.  READ MORE: Labour civil war explodes as Thornberry backs Corbyn over Starmer She attacked Michael Gove, who is currently attempting to bring in new voter identification measures which Dame Angela Eagle has suggested could disenfranchise as many as 3.5million people in the UK. The long-standing Labour MP also accused Foreign Secretary Liz Truss of “selling out our farmers” and Justice Secretary Dominic Raab of “attacking the judges”. Ms Thornberry commented: “We should not believe that modern conservatism, as is supported in Parliament by that large majority and by the backbenchers’ desire for red meat, is any longer concerned with governing for the public good.” She added: “There is power for power’s sake being exercised here.”  However, the shadow minister applauded “good and decent conservatives” like Lord Howard, focusing her attention on the current Tory Government. She said: “I will admit that conservatism is not all bad. It can sometimes be a good thing. “And depending on what the question is, there are occasions where conservatism may be the ideal answer. “Indeed, I think there may even be times when I have agreed with a conservative viewpoint.”  DON'T MISS RAF Emergency: High alert as plane sounds 7700 ‘Squawk’ code [INSIGHT] Russia EXODUS as flurry of private jets leave Moscow for Dubai [REPORT] ‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear' [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, in his speech, Lord Howard said that “the hallmark of conservatism is its realism and its pragmatism”, suggesting that the current Government exemplified this. He said: “No one could possibly argue that the current Conservative Government was a small government Government, or that it is a low tax Government. “On the contrary, the current Government is a relatively high tax Government, and it’s a relatively big state Government. And that is because it recognises that the challenges that face our country today are different from the challenges that faced Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s.” Lord Howard implored the audience to consider a test of historical governments, namely whether they had reduced unemployment.  He said: “It is a demonstrable, unarguable fact that with one minor exception, every Labour Government we’ve had has left office with unemployment higher than when it came into office.” That “minor exception”, he went on to explain, was the first Labour Government under Ramsay MacDonald, which lasted nine months. Lord Howard commented: “Of course, Labour Governments are very well intentioned; Labour Governments want to do the best for the people of our country. They want to achieve a different world.  “Alas, the evidence shows all too often they fail. They fail not because they lack good intentions, they fail because time after time they fail in the execution.” He also paid tribute to the people of Ukraine, stating: “There are people on our continent displaying equal courage today with their blood and their lives, for the freedom to debate the things we are debating in this chamber this evening. “So we must never forget the preciousness of the freedoms we have inherited, which, alas, we all too often take for granted.” 