Fabian Ruiz will leave Napoli this summer but does not want to join Arsenal, according to reports. Spain international Fabian has emerged as a midfield target for the Gunners. But it appears he is holding out for bigger offers from elsewhere. Fabian joined Napoli from Real Betis in the summer of 2018. He has been a regular for the Italian side ever since, making over 150 appearances in all competitions. However, his contract at Napoli expires at the end of next season. Napoli understandably wouldn't want to let Fabian to leave for nothing in 18 months' time so a summer exit looks to be on the cards. TOP STORY: Man Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood  Arsenal could be in the market for a midfielder if Granit Xhaka leaves the club. Xhaka was a top target for Roma last summer but the Gunners did not receive a fee they deemed satisfactory for the Swiss star. Roma are again interested in signing Xhaka and Fabian has been identified as a potential replacement. But Italian football journalist Raffaele Auriemma says the 25-year-old doesn't want to link up with fellow Spaniard Mikel Arteta at Arsenal. DON'T MISSBarcelona boss Xavi's game-changing XI next season with three free transfers [OPINION]Four signings Man Utd, Arsenal and Liverpool missed out on because of Roman Abramovich [TRANSFERS]Man Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]  Auriemma claims Fabian will depart Napoli but would prefer to join either Real Madrid or Paris Saint-Germain instead. “I believe that Fabian Ruiz will leave Napoli at the end of the season," Auriemma told Italian TV station TeleClubItalia, as relayed by arenanapoli.it. "There’s been a proposal from Arsenal, but I understand that the player doesn’t want to join the Gunners. "The midfielder is waiting for other offers, be they from Paris Saint-Germain or Real Madrid.”  Fabian, who has won 15 caps so far for Spain, recently said he was happy with life at Napoli. But he admitted a return to his home country is on the agenda later in his career. “Things are going well in Naples, on a personal and team level,” Fabian said. “I am improving every day under Luciano Spalletti. He is a special coach, obsessed with football. He thinks about it 24/7 and has a close bond with every footballer.  "I like to talk and joke with him. He knows how to deal with the group and we are all happy, you can see that on the pitch. “It’s flattering to hear about these clubs’ interest in me, that’s for sure. "Right now, I only think of Napoli, I am very comfortable here and we have big challenges ahead. The idea of returning to Spain in the future is always: it is my home.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 