EU exporters can now resume traffic on the Saimaa Canal connecting Finland to Russia, despite EU's sanctions against trade with Vladimir Putin's regime following its attack on Ukraine. The EU's sanctions do not apply to traffic on the canal, according to the Saimaa Canal Delegate Minna Kivimaki. The 43 kilometres canal is almost equally split between the Finnish and the Russian sides. It is of great importance to Finnish exporters, especially for forest and wood processing firms. On land, EU sanctions have prevented freight rail shipments from Russia to Finland to continue on Saturday, Russia Railways announced. Finland's national railway operator VR Group said it would no longer accept freight trains from Russia. The Russian rail company added in a statement on messaging app Telegram that it was in talks with China about sending additional freight trains there. Finland, an EU but non-NATO country, is expecting Russia to mount a campaign of disinformation in coming months to influence the Nordic nation's debate over joining NATO, the Finnish security service said on Tuesday. Opinion polls show Finnish willingness to join the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation has soared following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, indicating for the first time a majority in favour of becoming a member of the western defence pact. READ MORE: Putin misery as Russian turncoat trades in tank for cash  A task force led by Finnish Foreign Minister Pekka Haavisto is currently reviewing ways for Finland to strengthen its national security, including possible NATO membership. Supo, the intelligence service, said in an updated assessment that "broad influencing and unlawful intelligence operations" by Russia were among the main threats to Finland's national security. "Finnish society as a whole should be prepared for various measures from Russia seeking to influence policymaking in Finland on the NATO issue," Supo Director Antti Pelttari said in a statement. DON'T MISS:Putin boasts ace weapon up his sleeve that could devastate NATO [INSIGHT]Putin health: President's sinister 'gunslinger's gait' could be an ear [ANALYSIS]Brexit POLL:Do YOU agree that Boris Johnson should trigger Article 16? [POLL] "Public authorities must secure the conditions for a full and frank debate without intimidation, and ensure that outsiders are unable to influence security policy decisions made by Finland." Supo has however seen no significant change in Russian operations targeting Finland, the agency added. Both Haavisto and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto have argued Finland should not hold a referendum over NATO membership, as it could easily become a target of outside influence. Russia calls its actions in Ukraine a "special military operation" to disarm and "denazify" its neighbour. Kyiv and the West consider this a pretext for an unprovoked invasion.