  Robbie Williams has spoken out about the death of his friend Shane Warne, admitting that the shock event had changed his perspective. Cricket legend Shane died on Friday at the age of 52 while on holiday in Thailand.      Robbie, 48, has admitted that the sudden loss of his friend Shane has made him “terrified” of death. The singer has since been forced to contemplate his own mortality, as he and Shane were a similar age. The musician explained: “His passing has inspired me to think about life in a different way – and the fragility of life is terrifying." The star went on to add that he had always admired the cricket legend. READ MORE: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star     “If you don't love Shane Warne, you're an a***hole,” he continued in his interview with Herald Sun. Robbie is set to be filming for his biopic Better Man in Melbourne and will perform a one-off show at Rod Laver Arena in April. The star has been married to actress and model Ayda Field, 42, since 2010. The pair share four children together: Theodora, nine, Charlton, seven, Colette, three, and Beau, two.     Cricketer Shane died on Friday, leaving behind daughters Brooke, 24, and Summer, 20, as well as son Jackson, 22. The star shared his three children with ex-spouse Simone Callahan, to whom he was married between 1995 and 2005. There has been an outpouring of tributes to Shane following the news of his death and various flowers and cars have been left outside Melbourne Cricket Ground in his memory. On Sunday, Shane’s ex-fiancée Liz Hurley posted pictures of herself with the late sportsman to Instagram, writing in view of her 2.3 million followers: “I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever.” READ MORE... ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [INSIGHT] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [UPDATE] Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT]      Shane was said to have been enjoying a 'lads' holiday' in Koh Samui when friends found him unconscious in a villa at the resort on Friday. The former Australian leg-spinner died from "natural causes", his autopsy has confirmed, and the world has been coming to terms with the loss of one of sport’s greatest figures. Shane took 708 test wickets, the second-highest ever, in 145 matches across an illustrious 15-year international career. He also claimed 293 wickets in one-day internationals and played a part in helping Australia win the World Cup in 1999.       Shane’s youngest child Summer took to Instagram on Monday to share some photos with her late dad. Next to the collection of photographs and videos, Summer wrote: “There [are] no words. “It feels like I'm dreaming, waiting for someone to wake me up and tell me that you’re okay. “This can’t be real life. There’s no way that life is this cruel to the most beautiful people on this earth. “There’s no way that I will never hear your soft voice again telling me that ‘everything is going to be okay’ or how ‘proud’ you are of me, or simply saying ‘goodnight’ or ‘good morning SJ I’ll see you in the morning, I love you…’”  