The Scottish journalist and broadcaster told radio host Nick Ferrari that Mr Sunaks financial plan was all over the place. Due to the increase of 1.25 percent on National Insurance, along with the increase in the cost of living in the UK, many Brits have hit out at the Government as they now face poverty, due to the rise of outgoing monthly payments but their income wage staying the same. Andrew Neil then went on to discuss how the National Insurance increase was put in place so that the taxed funds can all go to the NHS and Social Care sector.  Mr  Ferrari said: "What do you make of the Chancellor's view of your view?" Mr Neil said: "Well I think he's all over the place, I mean let's get this right! "So National Insurance was to rise by 1.25 percent for workers and employees to raise 12b to go to the NHS and Social Care. "But yesterday, he said he's raising the threshold on National Insurance, so you don't start paying it until you also start paying it, in income tax. JUST IN: 'Spot the ludicrous mistake!' Angela Rayner ridiculed over Russia nuclear weapons claim Mr Neil added: "That cost 6b so this supposedly hypothecated, to use a fancy term or dedicated 12b for the NHS. "Is now cut by 6b since he raised the threshold in which to pay for it. "Then he's going to cut income tax, that will cost another 4b to 5b as well. "So what was meant to be a pot dedicated to the NHS, is suddenly evaporated before our very eyes. Mr Neil added: "The Chancellor likes to think of himself as a Thatcherite, as someone who knew Mrs Thatcher, I can tell you what she hated above all is Government giving with one hand and taking with another. "He's taking away 1.25 percent of insurance, giving it back with a 1% cut down the road, sometime in the near future, with income tax it's all over the place." Mr Sunk increased the National Insurance threshold in his Spring Statement, many Brits are upset about this as they feel Mr Sunak has not done enough to keep those already facing poverty, from falling further into it. SNP MP Alison Thewliss hit out at Mr Sunak for failing to support Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI) as she believes that he is not doing enough to help elderly pensioners.  DON’T MISS: Lord Frost loses it with Ireland as he explodes at Simon Coveney in Brexit outrageRussian unit 'torn apart' by Ukrainian troops as devastated survivor details horror attackOil price surge: Rishi Sunak's 5p fuel duty cut 'cancelled out' by pump rise - 'Let down! Ms Thewliss said: "The measures put in place only help people who are in work. "Benefits just don't go far enough as they don't keep pace with inflation and a welfare cap that punishes people for their circumstances. "An end to the triple lock and nothing for the WASPI women outside, campaigning yet today. 