More than 24 million people who rely on state benefits like Universal Credit, Personal Independence Payments (PIP) or Pension Credit will be affected by rising inflation. Campaigners are calling on the Government to do something urgently before more families are forced into poverty. Millions of families and pensioners rely on Child Tax Credit, Housing Benefit, Income Support, Income-based Jobseeker's Allowance, Income-related Employment and Support Allowance, Working Tax Credit and Pension Credit to top up their income. These payments are made by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) and HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) to help those on a low income make ends meet. However, although state benefits are due to rise 3.1 percent in April, charities have warned that people will still be £700 a year worse off if inflation hits seven percent this year as some economists have predicted. The Foundation, an organisation that promotes social change through research, policy and practice, said: "For families on low incomes, a reduction in the value of benefit levels that are already inadequate could not come at a worse time.” READ MORE: Barclays is offering cash prizes of up to £20,000 The spokesperson continued: “Already, too many families are going without the essentials. "The price of food and other basic items is rising, and the energy price cap could push the average bill towards around £2,000 from April, leaving many families deeply concerned about how they will manage to stay afloat." A working couple on benefits who have kids will experience a £720 drop in income which works out at £60 a month, the Foundation said. Pensioners who claim as part of a couple will lose £540 over the course of a year - something that many can’t afford to manage without. DON'T MISS Pensioners will be 'robbed every year from now on’ without triple lock [WARNING]How to 'further chances to win' NS&I Premium Bonds draw [INSIGHT]State pension payments to increase in April [UPDATE]   An individual on benefits with children will be £550 a year worse off. A working couple with children will see their income drop £720. Pensioner couples will be £540 out of pocket. A single pensioner will lose £390. The Joseph Rowntree Foundation is also concerned that come April people will really struggle to put food on the table especially amid rising energy bills. It’s urging the Government to immediately increase benefits in line with the Bank of England’s February 2022 Monetary Policy Report forecast of seven percent inflation. A spokesperson for the Department for Work and Pensions said: “We know this has been a challenging time for many people, which is why we’re providing support worth around £12billion this financial year and next, to help households with the cost of living. “This includes putting an average of £1,000 more per year into the pockets of working families via changes to Universal Credit and boosting the minimum wage by more than £1000 a year for full-time workers.” The latest Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) figures show there are more than 24 million people receiving state pension, Universal Credit, housing benefit, Employment Support Allowance, Pension Credit, Income Support and Jobseeker's Allowance.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year, according to poverty charity Turn2Us. Its research shows that millions of people are missing out on thousands of pounds every year. A spokesperson said now is not the time to suffer in silence. To check eligibility to state benefits, people can use the benefits calculator on the Turn2Us website. Turn2us also has a Search for Grants tool, which people can use to check if they're able to apply for charitable grants - which do not have to be paid back. To find out what might be available to them, people simply need to answer some questions such as their age and postcode.