Russian journalist Andrei Soldatov believes that the Russian security services are "unhappy" with the way in which the war in Ukraine is going. He has argued that Putin began the war in Ukraine by attacking his own within the Kremlin by purging Russia's top-ranking security chiefs. Mr Soldatov told DW News: "Vladimir Putin started his war by attacking his own people and we see him attacking his foreign intelligence agency than he placed on the house arrest to FSB generals domestic agency but with foreign intelligence branch in charge of the situation in Ukraine. "Then it was a turn for the National Guard and a deputy head of the National Guard was forced to retire and he was just 45 years old. "So it doesn't look really good and it sounds really, really different from the previous wars Vladimir Putin had. "That caused a lot of confusion inside of the security services and people inside are not really happy with the war is going and they blame just one guy, Vladimir Putin for that." A US official said on Wednesday, citing declassified intelligence. that Putin was misled by advisers who were too scared to tell him how poorly the war in Ukraine is going and how damaging Western sanctions have been. Russia's February 24 invasion of its southern neighbour has been halted on most fronts by stiff resistance from Ukrainian forces who have recaptured territory even as civilians are trapped in besieged cities. "We have information that Putin felt misled by the Russian military," leading him to mistrust the military leadership, the U.S. official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. "Putin didn't even know his military was using and losing conscripts in Ukraine, showing a clear breakdown in the flow of accurate information to the Russian president," the official said.  The Kremlin made no immediate comment after the end of the working day in Moscow, and the Russian embassy in Washington did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Military analysts say Russia has reframed its war goals in Ukraine in a way that may make it easier for Putin to claim a face-saving victory despite a woeful campaign in which his army has suffered humiliating setbacks. Russian forces bombarded the capital Kyiv and northern Chernihiv on Wednesday, a day after Russia promised to scale down military operations in both cities. "We believe that Putin is being misinformed by his advisers about how badly the Russian military is performing and how the Russian economy is being crippled by sanctions because his senior advisers are too afraid to tell him the truth," the official said. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] Russia says it is carrying out a "special operation" to disarm and "denazify" its neighbour. Western countries say Moscow launched an unprovoked invasion. Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday its forces were regrouping near Ukraine's capital Kyiv and the northern city of Chernihiv in order to focus on other key areas and complete the "liberation" of the breakaway Donbas region, Russian news agencies reported. The ministry's statement came a day after Russia said it would scale back operations near Kyiv and Chernihiv to support progress in peace talks. But Russian attacks in both locations continued on Wednesday, according to reports from near Kyiv and the mayor of Chernihiv.