The three cosmonauts, Denis Matveyev, Oleg Artemyev and Sergey Korsakov were the first arrivals to the ISS since the war first began. They docked at the ISS after flying on a rocket for three-hour, having blasted off from a Russian spaceport in Kazakhstan. The new additions joined two other Russians, four Americans and a German on the space station. Video footage live-streamed by NASA and Russian space agency Roscosmos shows the cosmonauts entering the ISS sporting bright yellow jumpsuits with blue patches. But Russia rejects that this has any connection to the Ukrainian flag, despite those being the colours that it consists of. Roscosmos said that "sometimes, yellow is just yellow". The usual Russian space outfit is marked by a plain blue. Mr Artemyev was asked about the choice of colour in a live-streamed press conference, who appeared to downplay the dress choice as a matter of convenience rather than a political statement. He responded: "It became our turn to pick a colour. "We had accumulated a lot of yellow material so we needed to use it. "That's why we had to wear yellow." Since Putin first launch the invasion, the Ukrainian flag and its colours have become synonymous with a sign of solidarity with the country. Some Russians are now starting to openly discredit Putin's war. READ MORE: UK to launch first power station in SPACE Marina Ovsyannikova, an editor at Channel One television, stormed onto the set of the Vremya evening news last Monday, shouting: "Stop the war. No to war. “Don’t believe the propaganda. They’re lying to you here.” This also comes after Russia's partnership with the West in space has come under the microscope as tensions soared down below. Earlier this month, Roscosmos head Dmitry Rogozin said the 500-tone ISS could "fall" or "land" as a result of Western sanctions. He claimed that the sanctions could disrupt the operation of Russian vessels servicing the ISS, which could cause the Russian segment of the orbiting station to "fall down into the sea or onto land". DON'T MISS Putin blinks first: Bumper gas supplies sent to EU [REPORT] Putin sent horror warning over next Ukraine move: 'WW3!' [INSIGHT] Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears [REVEAL] And tensions also skyrocketed when Russia blocked the launch of 36 British satellites, owned by company OneWeb, again in response to Western sanctions. Mr Rogozin impounded the satellites and told Britain it would not launch them unless the sanctions were lifted. He tweeted a video, with the caption which appeared to show Russian workers covering up the flags of a number of countries that were displayed on the rocket. Mr Rogozin wrote in the tweet: “The launchers at Baikonur decided that without the flags of some countries, our rocket would look more beautiful.” But now, OneWeb has banned all future Russian launches and has instead teamed up with Elon Musk's SpaceX, which will complete the first OneWeb launch in 2022.