Daniel regularly stars alongside his partner Stephen Webb on Googlebox with fans used to seeing him with facial hair and curly locks. However, on Friday night, Daniel looked different as he’d cut his hair and no longer sported facial hair. Channel 4 viewers were quick to take to Twitter to share their shock at Daniel’s dramatic transformation. Posting on the social media site, Shelly Bell wrote: “#Gogglebox Daniel looks like Julius Caesar with his new hair.” Erin Symons asked: “Why did Daniel cut his curls?? #Gogglebox,” alongside crying emojis. “Gutted that Daniel has had his beautiful curly hair cut #Gogglebox,” Tracy Tolly tweeted. User @eimzcaomhanach added: “Wtf happened to Daniel? He looks like a different person #Gogglebox.” READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? Jackie added: “Daniel looks like a schoolboy now with his new haircut,missing the curls #Gogglebox #sackyourhairdresser.” Daniel Berry posted: “@c4 Daniel looks so different since his had his haircut and not wearing his glasses #Gogglebox.” While many viewers were distracted by Daniel’s appearance, Stephen spoke about his own transformation. He told Daniel he had started out at 14 stone and seven pounds but had dropping almost a stone over the past month. While all attention was on Stephen and Daniel, Ellie Warner was noticeably absent from the Channel 4 series. Ellie is said to have been by the side of her boyfriend Nat Eddleston, who was in a car accident in Leeds the week before. Bosses are reported to have told Ellie to take all the time she needs as Nat remains in intensive care. An insider told The Sun: “Ellie has been told to take all the time she needs. DON'T MISS...Gogglebox fans send 'get well wishes' to Ellie and Izzie over absence [LATEST]Gogglebox's Jenny Newby tearful over organ donation chat [VIDEO]Rob Rinder addresses if Celebrity Gogglebox is 'authentic' after stint [INTERVIEW] “Everyone on the show is hoping and praying Nat will be ok." Nat was struck by a car in Leeds while on his way home from a night out with his friends. Someone close to the family added to the publication: “Nat is in intensive care with a broken neck, broken back, two collapsed lungs and possible brain damage. “He is on a life support machine and all the family and Ellie are obviously very worried for him.” Fans of Ellie and Izzie shared well wishes to the pair as one fan @Rozzi_98 wrote: “No Ellie and Izzie this week due to Nat's accident. Hopefully he makes a full recovery. #Gogglebox.” @Abigail_Evanss gushed: “Missing Ellie and Izzie tonight. Sending love to them all and get well wishes to Ellie’s boyfriend Nat. #Gogglebox.” @MissSarahWelf added: “Sending all my love to Ellie & her boyfriend Nat (and of course Izzi) and this very difficult time.” Gogglebox airs Friday on Channel 4 at 9pm.