In response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the West has imposed a wide range of sanctions against Moscow and its wealthiest residents. The majority of these individuals are from the country’s oligarchy and represent vast sums of money and influence in Russia. An oligarchy refers to a type of societal power structure where the ruling power lies within a small number of people, who are then known as oligarchs. Today the term is mostly associated with Russia although it can refer to anywhere in the world. The UK, US and a number of their allies have ramped up sanctions during the past fortnight against Moscow’s oligarchs in an attempt to end the Russian invasion. It’s hoped the financial pressure applied to the oligarchs, most of whom have close connections to Russian President Vladimir Putin, will dilute support for the war to continue.  READ MORE: Ukrainian residents cheer as armed force take down Russian fighter jet Data from the Bloomberg Billionaire Index has revealed the staggering losses that many of these individuals have already suffered - correct as of March 3. Mr Abramovich remains the current owner of Premier League side Chelsea despite putting the club up for sale last week. Even though many of his fellow oligarchs have had sanctions imposed directly by the UK, the 55-year-old has yet to personally face them.  According to the firm, Mr Abramovich has lost $1.9 billion (£1.4 billion) since February 23 - the day before Russia invaded its ex-Soviet neighbour. Slightly up on losses to his fortune, Mr Fridman has said goodbye to $2.3 billion (£1.7 billion) in less than two weeks. The co-founder of Alfa-Group, a multinational Russian conglomerate, Mr Fridman’s net worth has dropped by 18.4 percent.  DON'T MISS: British Army vets go through gates of hell to get supplies to Ukraine [INSIGHT]Britain will help EU and West away from Russian gas - New energy plan [EXPLAINED]Sunak considers reversing armed forces cut after invasion of Ukraine [NEWS] Bloomberg’s tracker indicates Mr Potanin is the second wealthiest man in Moscow as one of the benefactors from the controversial Russian loans-for-shares program in the early to mid-1990s. However, like many of his fellow oligarchs, he has suffered considerably since Mr Putin declared war. The 61-year-old has ceded $4.5 billion (£3.4 billion) of his personal fortune which adds up to 15.2 percent.  Mr Timchenko founded and owns the private investment company, Volga Group and is regarded as one of President Putin’s closest allies. Consequently, he was one of the first oligarchs to be hit with sanctions, which have so far cost him $4.6 billion (£3.5 billion) of his $23.5 billion (£17.9 billion) net worth. He is one of many oligarchs who have had their British assets frozen and are barred from travelling to UK shores. As the main shareholder and chairman of Severstal, Russia's largest steel and mining company, Mr Mordashov is one of Moscow’s most powerful oligarchs. Bloomberg has revealed his wealth to have decreased by $5.6 billion (£4.3 billion) following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Mr Alekperov has suffered some of the worst financial losses after an eye-watering $10.5 billion (£8 billion) was chalked off his finances. He is the president of the leading Russian oil company LUKOIL and had previously worked as the first deputy minister of the Oil and Gas Industry in the Soviet Union. 