Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has confirmed that the process of connecting Ukraine to Europe's energy grid is now complete. This suggests that Ukraine is ready to decouple its current electricity transmission system from Russia and Belarus. Danil Bochkov, an expert from the Russian International Affairs Council, previously told Express.co.uk: “This initiative is aimed at redirecting Ukrainian electricity supplies from the former USSR grid which interconnects Russia, Belarus and Ukraine. “So, it could contribute to more geopolitical freedom for Kyiv which would become less dependent on energy supplies from Russia." Ukraine had announced that it would connect to Europe’s Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity (ENTSO-E) in 2023. But now it appears that the country is moving to decouple from Russia right now amid its brutal invasion of Ukraine. Prime Minister Denis Shmygal said: "Technically, we are almost 100 percent ready for Ukraine to join the European energy network in 2023. “World Bank experts have estimated the benefits of synchronisation with ENTSO-E at $1.5billion (£1.1billion) annually for our country.”   Between February 24 to 26, Ukraine successfully disconnected from the system connecting to Russia and Belarus to test a new isolated system before joining up with Europe’s network. But Mr Bokchov argued that the move to join up with Europe won't provide Ukraine with any extra electricity. He told Express.co.uk: "It just means that Ukraine substitutes Russian electricity supplies with the EU ones getting the same amount of energy. So, the equation doesn’t change - only its parts are swapped.” Although with with tension with Russia soaring over the chaos that Mr Putin has unleashed on Ukraine, it may be likely that Kyiv will feel much safer in the hands of European partners. READ MORE: Putin unleashes fury at Germany and HALTS gas flow from Russia But a chief executive of a Ukrainian energy giant told Reuters last week that Ukraine could get as much as 15 percent of its power from the EU if its generating capacity was hit by Russia’s invasion. Mr Zelensky said on Twitter: “Now (Ukrainian) electricity flows in (the EU) and vice versa." It comes after Britain announced it would donate 500 mobile generators to give to key buildings and would set up a new Ukraine electricity network support task force amid power outages that had been caused by the Russian invasion. Leading power companies are set to provide the generators from their stocks,  and deliver them to key buildings like hospitals, shelters and water treatment plants. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "We will now be sending generators to ease the difficulties caused by the current power outages and help keep vital services running so the people of Ukraine can continue to defend their country.” DON'T MISS India hands Russia lifeline: Modi and Putin poised for huge deal [REPORT] Putin blinks first: Bumper gas supplies sent to EU [REVEAL] ISS horror: Putin sparks panic for 2 NASA astronauts as they spacewalk [INSIGHT]  It also comes after Russia threatened the vital connections between Ukraine’s nuclear power plants and the electric grid. The Chernobyl nuclear plant was put on red alert after Russian shelling shut out the power at the site. Russian troops have been in control of the plant since early on in the Russian invasion, but have still forced staff to continue working. Power had to be kept on by diesel generators, which did just enough to keep the spent fuel in a safe condition. 