When Jurgen Klopp brought in Luis Diaz earlier than expected in January, there were question marks over how he'd fit in, and how it would affect those around him. However, the move has been a masterstroke and Klopp has got the perfect reaction. It's fair to say that Liverpool's January signing of Luis Diaz from Porto is already proving to be a successful one. The Colombian has dazzled fans with his quick feet and determination, and Diaz looks to have already settled into life at Liverpool in no time at all. Diaz has already been hailed for his 'fantastic' impact, as he's given Liverpool a lift in multiple areas since arriving at Anfield. But Diaz has also made an improvement to those around him, and one of Liverpool's stars appears to be back to his best now that the Colombian has hit the ground running.  TOP STORY: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel hits out at fans for Roman Abramovich chants in Burnley win Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson was full of praise for Diaz after the Reds edged a 1-0 victory against West Ham on Saturday, as he said: "He’s hit the ground running. He’s been fantastic. "He was immense in the [Carabao Cup] final and again today brilliant. He’s fit straight in, pressing and winning the ball high up the pitch." But it was Sadio Mane that scored the all important goal to keep chase at the top of the Premier League with Manchester City, and the Senegal international has been sensational since Diaz arrived at the club. Liverpool already had one of the best attacks in the world, with Mane, Diogo Jota, Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah leading the line.  DON'T MISSLiverpool have £50m transfer problem as Jurgen Klopp begins summer planning [TRANSFERS]Arsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges [REPORT] But whereas Salah has reached new heights and Jota continues to get better by the game, Mane had a slightly underwhelming start to the season, and his numbers in the last campaign dipped too. Question marks were being raised over his longevity, but Mane has responded in the perfect way with five goals in his last five appearances, already beating last seasons Premier League tally. Of course, Mane returned to Liverpool as a Africa Cup of Nations champion in February, but the arrival of Diaz has certainly lifted his performances, making it a masterstroke by Klopp. Not only has he got his winger back, he's also added the incredibly talented Colombian to his ranks, and Liverpool are boasting a new depth in attack that they didn't previously have.  In the absence of Mane and Salah who were away for AFCON, Liverpool remained unbeaten and they're now just three points away from City at the top of the Premier League. After already winning the first domestic trophy of the season, Liverpool could be on course to do the first ever quadruple, although there is a long way to go yet. For now, they just have to focus on winning each game, but that task has been made even easier thanks to the arrival of Diaz, and the revival of Mane. Liverpool's win against West Ham was their 12th consecutive victory in all competitions, and they'll need to keep that run going if they are to knock City off their perch.  The arrival of Diaz has been a gentle reminder to Mane that his position is never safe, but it's worked wonders with both stars thriving side-by-side in attack. Mane has already been a crucial part of Liverpool's Premier League and Champions League success under Klopp, and with him back to his best, there's no reason why they can't aim high again. 