Turkish footballer Aykut Demir has defended his decision to snub wearing a 'No To War' t-shirt ahead of a match on Sunday. The football world has united in support of Ukraine during Russia's invasion over the last week, but Demir explained why he opted against the pre-match gesture. The 33-year-old defender wore the captain's armband for BB Erzurumspor in their 1-0 defeat at home to Turkish Second Division leaders Ankaragucu. His standing in the team made the decision to refuse a 'No To War' t-shirt before kick-off all the more eye-catching. Demir unsurprisingly was the target of mass criticism and abuse online, and there were many calls for the club to suspend him for his actions. But he has given an explanation for the decision amid ongoing conflict in other parts of the world. JUST IN: Roman Abramovich 'in a panic' and 'wants to sell Chelsea quickly' He said: "Thousands of people die every day in the Middle East. I feel sad too. I share the pain of innocent people. "Those who ignore the persecution there are doing these things when it comes to Europe. I did not like to wear the T-shirt because it was not made for those countries." The football world has united - from governing bodies to clubs to players to fans - to stand behind Ukraine in their time of need. And in response to increasing pressure, FIFA and UEFA have banned Russia's club and national teams from all competitions until further notice. READ MORE: Klopp's approach analysed as pressure piled on Liverpool 'role model' "Following the initial decisions adopted by the FIFA Council and the UEFA Executive Committee, which envisaged the adoption of additional measures, FIFA and UEFA have today decided together that all Russian teams, whether national representative teams or club teams, shall be suspended from participation in both FIFA and UEFA competitions until further notice," read a joint statement. "These decisions were adopted today by the Bureau of the FIFA Council and the Executive Committee of UEFA, respectively, the highest decision-making bodies of both institutions on such urgent matters. "Football is fully united here and in full solidarity with all the people affected in Ukraine. Both Presidents hope that the situation in Ukraine will improve significantly and rapidly so that football can again be a vector for unity and peace amongst people." If the ban isn't lifted - an unlikely possibility unless the country's attack on Ukraine stops - Russia will be eliminated from their 2022 World Cup qualifying play-off semi-final against Poland. Spartak Moscow have also been kicked out of the Europa League last-16, handing RB Leipzig a bye into the quarter-finals. And Russia Women won't be competing in this summer's European Championships, as it stands. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here