The Chancellor told Conservative party members he is sticking with next month’s rise in national insurance as it is the responsible thing to do. But he insisted rolling back taxes is his mission for the next two years in government and the tough choices were now “done”. However, Brexit minister Jacob Rees-Mogg distanced himself from the NI hike as Cabinet tensions ­continued over April’s 1.25 percent rise. Mr Sunak told the Conservative Party spring conference in Blackpool he has to fix the ­problems caused by the pandemic, with the increase expected to raise £12billion to pay for NHS Covid backlogs. During a question and answer session, he said debt was forecast to “just keep growing and ­growing” and it was not “morally right” or economically responsible to let that happen. Mr Sunak said he had to “tackle the deficit first” before starting the work of cutting taxes. He added: “So that’s what I’ve had to do, and it was not easy, but I do believe it was the right thing to do. But that is done – we’ve made the difficult decisions that we have to make. “My priority going forward is to cut taxes. I made that very clear. “My plan over the course of this Parliament is to keep cutting taxes, get the tax burden down. “That’s what we believe. We want people to keep more of their own money. We want to help grow the economy. “I want to do that in a responsible and sustainable way. “But I now believe we are on a path to do that. And I’m confident that we will get there and I’ll better deliver for all of you.” Mr Sunak told the party that Margaret Thatcher and Nigel Lawson “had to do some similar things” in the early years of their government. He added: “I did not get into politics to have to put up people’s taxes. I am a Conservative Chancellor. It’s the last thing I wanted to do. But I also take really seriously my responsibility to you, our kids and to the nation’s finances, and making sure that we fix the problems. “With ­coronavirus, our borrowing went up to the levels that we haven’t seen since World War Two. “And our debt was forecast to just keep growing and growing into the future. I didn’t think that was ­morally right. I didn’t think it was economically responsible.” The Chancellor left the door open to helping those hardest hit by the cost-of-living crisis in his spring statement on Wednesday but it is not expected there will be any major support package. Mr Sunak insisted he has ­“enormous ­sympathy” for what people are going through at the moment and the Government will “always be there to help make a difference where we can”. But he admitted he “can’t solve every problem” – particularly at a time of global inflation. The ­financial statement will be “an update on the situation and a little bit of a look forward to where we are heading”, said Mr Sunak. The national insurance increase will come into force next month as inflation soars and energy bills increase. Mr Rees-Mogg is understood to be against the move and was ­lukewarm when asked about it ­yesterday. He said: “Taxes are at an abnormally high level after the last two years. “We need supply-side reform and government efficiency to ensure growth and pay for tax cuts. But the national insurance rise is a matter for the Chancellor.” Tory party co-chairman Oliver Dowden said that the Conservatives have reached their “high water mark” over increasing taxes. But he said the reason the ­Government is doing it is to make sure Daily Express readers have access to the health services they want. Mr Dowden added: “As we no longer have to do things like lateral flow tests and all those other things that are costing huge amounts of money, we need to make sure that that is the ­absolute peak of ­government spending. “I want taxes cut as soon as they possibly can be.” But Mark Littlewood, director ­general at free market think-tank the Institute of Economic Affairs, said: “The Chancellor claims that he wants to lower taxes, yet is set to add ­further to the 70-year-high tax burden. “This will not only worsen the current cost-of-living crisis but will hamper economic growth. “An increase in national ­insurance contributions is ­effectively a tax on jobs. “And with the ­economy facing the headwinds of increased energy prices and higher inflation, we should avoid inflicting ­additional costs on ­businesses and individuals.”