Manchester United are continuing to explore their managerial options when it comes to replacing Ralf Rangnick. And Thomas Tuchel is the latest to be linked with the post amid the chaos currently engulfing Chelsea. Though the German has insisted he’s willing to stay at Stamford Bridge, however, the chance to reawaken a sleeping giant at the biggest club in the country may work in the Red Devils’ favour. Manchester United are, for the time being, focusing on different managers to Tuchel. Mauricio Pochettino is one name in the frame, especially with the Paris Saint-Germain boss likely to leave the Parc des Princes come the end of the summer. And Erik ten Hag is another, too, having done well at Ajax during his five years in Amsterdam so far. With Chelsea in crisis, however, Tuchel has emerged as a potential option. While the German has indicated he wants to remain in charge at Stamford Bridge until the end of the season, though, there’s less certainty over his long-term future. Speaking after his side’s 1-0 win over Newcastle on Sunday, Tuchel said: “There’s no doubt I’ll stay until the end of the season, absolutely. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We just have to wait and we still have to go day by day because everything can change. “But as you know the situation is clear, the club’s for sale, and hopefully it will go through to sort things out and give us a perspective. “It’s a massive club, massive club with huge tradition. “And there are hundreds of people who I’m pretty sure worry more than our players and staff, me included.” United, however, are a different beast. And if the situation at Chelsea continues to worsen, the chance to take on the biggest challenge in world football could be too tough to turn down. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message The thing about United is that their history still counts for so much. They’re still regarded as a giant, despite their issues this term. And the chance to reawaken a sleeping beast may be something that lures Tuchel away from Stamford Bridge and to Old Trafford. Plenty of managers have done well at Chelsea over the years. They range from Jose Mourinho, who won three Premier League titles across his two stints, to Carlo Ancelotti before even factoring in Roberto Di Matteo - who claimed two trophies, including the Champions League, when he was interim boss. But bringing United back up to the heights of old is a challenge that has proved tricky. David Moyes lasted just 10 months upon replacing Sir Alex Ferguson in 2013, despite being given a six-year contract. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Louis van Gaal steered the Red Devils to FA Cup glory in 2016 yet was sacked having failed to qualify for the Champions League. Under Mourinho, United won the EFL Cup and Europa League. However, he was dismissed having lost the support of both the dressing room and the board - with his fractured relationship with Paul Pogba not helping matters. Then came Ole Gunnar Solskjaer who, throughout his reign, lifted spirits. Yet with results worsening in November, he was relieved of his duties having failed to secure a trophy. United are the biggest club in the country. They have the resources to re-emerge as a force, though they must be used right. And the chance to take charge of them is something that doesn’t come along often. Tuchel, for now, is loyal to Chelsea. He’s happy at Stamford Bridge and rightfully so given the fine work he’s done so far. Sticking, rather than twisting, would be the safest option when it comes to his reputation in the long term. Yet if Tuchel wants to be ambitious, and show just how good he really is, then United is the perfect job for him. What ultimately happens, however, remains to be seen.