The Gogglebox star's comments came after it was reported the Queen plans to make adjustments at Craigowan Lodge on the Balmoral estate as the monarch prepares to spend more time there. It was also claimed the royal has installed a £20,000 "wheelchair-friendly" lift at her beloved home because she has been struggling with her mobility in recent months. During Monday's This Morning, Gyles and royal editor Camilla Tominey discussed the latest news headlines with Phillip Schofield and Josie Gibson. However, Gyles' comments sparked criticism from viewers after he claimed the Queen being in a wheelchair would be "undignified". "The Queen is 96 that is the thing to remember," Gyles began. "She is a 96-year-old lady. "Amazingly fit by the standard of most 96-year-olds. It is extraordinary and she is a little less mobile than she used to be, it is as simple as that." READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star He continued: "Also she doesn't like the idea of being seen in public in a wheelchair. "Her sister, Princess Margaret was often towards the end of her life photographed in a wheelchair and it felt a little bit undignified. "The Duke of Edinburgh was very proud of his excellent posture, he exercised every day right until the very end and the Queen likes that idea. "So, she doesn't want to be photographed in a wheelchair." "She's got this service planned next week to remember Prince Philip, her husband of more than 70 years," Gyles added. "Of course, would have loved to be there, and the hope is she can be slipped into Westminster Abbey by a side door out of the view of photographers, be in position and can be photographed and seen there. "But we don't want to see her as it were, having difficulty getting to and from her car." Camilla went on to point out there will be an arrangement between the Palace and the newspapers about how the Queen will be photographed at the event. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Abi Franklin flees with Imran Habeeb? [SPOILERS]Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis attacks teen who went to Ukraine to join army [VIDEO] Following the segment, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts, with many slamming Gyles for his remark. Mr Greg fumed: "Being in a wheelchair is undignified. Gotcha I'll tell my Mrs." (sic) AJ penned: "Gyles proving that he has no consideration for those with disabilities." Sara wrote: "Aww the poor Queen has had to stop walking the dogs at 96. Meanwhile in the real world pensioners are choosing between heating and eating. #ThisMorning." She later tweeted: "It p***es me off that anyone thinks being seen in a wheelchair is undignified. It’s ableist. "Some of us don’t have a b****y choice. The Queen needs to get a grip. #ThisMorning User @TashAmaka went on to rage: "Gyles there’s nothing undignified about being a wheelchair if you need one. That’s quite insulting!#thismorning." (sic) Laura Booth said: "I was absolutely disgusted at this discussion." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.