George Russell has admitted he expects competition from Ferrari in the upcoming Formula One season after stating the Italian outfit look 'extremely solid'. Russell will be hoping his move to Mercedes will bring him success following his switch from Williams to the reigning Constructors' Championship champions. Russell began his F1 career in 2019 for Williams as a 21-year-old, although he only recorded a top-10 finish once in his first two seasons, which came with Mercedes when he filled in for Lewis Hamilton. He had a brilliant third season however, registering four top-10 finishes as he staked his claim as one of the best up-and-coming drivers on the grid. Mercedes acted upon his potential by axing Valtteri Bottas, who has since moved to Alfa Romeo, for Russell who signed a long-term contract with the Silver Arrows. Having fared well at pre-season testing in Barcelona last month, Mercedes are expected to battle for their ninth-consecutive Constructors' Championship and also contend for a Drivers' Championship after Red Bull's Max Verstappen pipped Hamilton to the crown in 2021. But Russell conceded that Ferrari could pose problems to Mercedes and Red Bull in the title race after their strong showings in pre-season. JUST IN: First pictures of radical W13 design as Lewis Hamilton shows off new "Ferrari look extremely solid. They are fast in all conditions. They have taken a completely different approach than all the other teams," Russell told a press conference. "The [Mercedes] car looks interesting. I'm proud of this team, how strongly they push innovative solutions. "But in the end it's not about how good the car looks, it's about whether it's fast." Mercedes have massively altered their car for the upcoming season. READ MORE: F1 threatened with legal action as Russian GP chief makes statement  They unveiled their upgraded W13 in Bahrain ahead of the new season, with sidepods so small they are barely visible. Mercedes' car looks massively different to their rivals and has caused questions up and down the paddock as to whether it is legal or not. And Russell and Hamilton's team principal Toto Wolff said: "I think we are really proud of what we have achieved in terms of concept. "But now we need to make it go fast. I think it's a development direction that we like, and it's about tuning the car and so we are experimenting a lot, as we've done during the day, and approaching it with curiosity. "But as I said, it doesn't matter what it looks like; we need to see if it's fast on track." The new season gets underway in Bahrain, on the same circuit the teams are testing at currently, on March 18-20. Russell's new team-mate Hamilton will aim to claim back the Drivers' Championship he lost in controversial circumstances to Verstappen last year, with the younger Briton hoping also to be involved.