Formula 1 drivers will demand to meet with the powers that be to discuss the future of the controversial Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Driver safety has been a real concern in Jeddah this week, after missile attacks on the city landed close to the circuit, before Mick Schumacher was involved in a ‘very very dangerous’ crash in Saturday’s qualification. The air strikes on Friday evening saw a nearby oil plant attacked just a few miles from the Jeddah track. This led to a long delay with practice, before drivers and team chiefs were called in a four-hour meeting to discuss the safety of the race which finally ended at 2:30am local time. In spite of the scare, it was confirmed by Formula 1 that the race would go ahead however a number of drivers were still reported to be worried for their safety. More drama unfolded one day later on the Jeddah track, as Schumacher was involved in a shocking high-speed crash during qualifying. After colliding into the side of the track at 170mph, the German was airlifted to hospital, before fortunately receiving the all clear shortly after. Following the crash world champion Max Verstappen slammed the design of the Jeddah track, describing it as ‘very, very dangerous’. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton given food for thought at Saudi Arabian GP after Daniel Ricciardo penalty The chaos that has unfolded in recent days has led many to believe the Saudi race should be scrapped from the schedule. Addressing the situation Ferrari man Carlos Sainz believes discussions need to take place surrounding its future. He said: “I think there will need to be discussions after this race, because clearly what has happened in the last 24 hours is… it’s definitely a point of discussion and consideration that we need to take going into the future.” Perez’s comments were then echoed by Red Bull’s Sergio Perez, and his Ferrari teammate Charles Leclerc. Perez said: “I think there's definitely some considerations that we will have to do as a group and see what's best for the sport going forwards.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen hits out at 'very, very dangerous' Saudi track after Mick Schumacher crashLewis Hamilton visits Haas HQ after Mick Schumacher flown to hospital in Saudi ArabiaMick Schumacher breaks silence after horror crash in Saudi Arabia Leclerc also added: “Yeah, I agree. I don't want to go too much into details on this subject now, but it's definitely a discussion that we should have after this race, once everything calms down and we'll look back at it, and then we'll see.” Formula 1 CEO Stefano Domenicali had previously revealed that the race calendar is potentially ‘oversubscribed’. As well as this the Italian has warned that some races are likely to be wiped from the calendar with the newly proposed Qatar and Las Vegas Grand Prix’s set to come in.