In a poll that ran from 2pm on Tuesday, March 29, to 3pm on Wednesday, March 30, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the UK rejoin the single market from outside the EU?” A staggering 24,699 voters responded to the poll with thousands of comments left below the accompanying article. The majority of voters – 79 percent (19,600 people) – answered “no”, the UK should not rejoin the EU single market. A further 20 percent (4,982 people) said “yes” and just one percent (117 people) said they did not know. In the comments, it was clear that readers felt strongly that the UK should never rejoin the EU single market, with most agreeing that such a move would go against the fundamental purpose of Brexit. Username WGC wrote: “No, we voted to leave the EU in its entirety – this includes the single market.” And username Dogglebird said: “We had our vote on this in 2016. The vote to leave the EU meant leaving the single market. That was explicit.” While username Sunrise19 said: “Definitely NOT. We have come a long way since voting to leave. We now need to really leave and cut the money strings the EU is still clutching.” Username Patrick Turveydrop added: “Definitely not. I value this country’s independence.” While username Gezzer wrote: “No, we should not join the single market. The UK needs to move as far away from the EU as possible and sever all and any ties.” However, some shared the view that joining the single market for free trade from outside the EU could be beneficial. Username drobdcr said: “Why don’t we want to be part of a union that prioritises the common citizens, builds services that work and is pivotal in setting all of the standards that keep us safe?” And username troutmaskreplica wrote: “This is not about re-joining the EU. It is about renegotiating the deal. “The referendum was a vote on staying in or leaving the EU, not what kind of Brexit there should be. A customs union Brexit was always a possibility as was a no deal Brexit.” DON'T MISS:War is raging! Fury erupts as Labour ‘whinge’ over partygate scandal 'pathetic nonsense' [LATEST]New Ofcom chair blasts 'regressive' BBC licence fee - hits out at pleas for more money [UPDATE]FMQs LIVE: Sturgeon braces for bitter showdown after EXTENDING Covid restrictions again [LIVE BLOG] The Liberal Democrats proposed the UK rejoining the EU single market at their spring conference this month. The motion was passed, and the policy paper, backed by party leadership, states: “The best option, bringing most benefits to the UK economy and society, is to seek to join the single market.” Liberal Democrats MP Layla Moran, spokesperson for Foreign Affairs, said on Politics Live earlier this week that the UK "haven't got a trading relationship that is giving us best value for money”. She noted that trade has been disrupted as a result of a “hard” Brexit and attributed this to "the fact that we haven't got a trading relationship that is giving us best value for money in this country”. Ms Moran said: “For too long, our ties with Europe have been defined by petty squabbling and the Government’s overly ideological approach. “British people and small businesses who are tangled in red tape are paying the price, and they deserve better. “The reality is that we need a way forward which works for Britain – one where we stand with our allies, reduce costs for businesses, and make people better off as a result. “Our comprehensive roadmap will start a new trading relationship with Europe – with British businesses and families benefiting as a result.” Last week, the Office for Budget Responsibility – the UK’s fiscal watchdog – released its latest fiscal output report, which forecasts that Britain’s independence from the EU will continue to lead to a 15 percent fall in trade. Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak said it was “too early” to be definitive on the exact cause for falling trade. However, he said it was “inevitable” that changing the relationship with the EU would impact trade flows.