An estimated 1.1 million people in the UK experience coronavirus symptoms more than four weeks after their first suspected infection - that’s one in five people who tested positive for the disease. Long Covid (formerly known as a post-Covid syndrome) can cause groups of symptoms such as post-viral fatigue, fluctuating multi-system symptoms, lasting organ damage and post-intensive care symptoms, but what exactly does that look like? Express.co.uk reveals the top 14 symptoms of long covid. Covid is bad enough for one to two weeks of infection and recovery, but more severe cases can hang in for months in the form of long Covid. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) defines long Covid as lasting more than 12 weeks but other experts say it can last around eight weeks. Even if you’ve been given the all-clear to finish isolation and you’re testing negative, you may still feel extremely unwell. Professor Tim Spector, of King’s College London has said: “These people may be going back to work and not performing at the top of their game “There is a whole other side to the virus which has not had attention because of the idea that ‘if you are not dead you are fine.’” Thanks to research like the ZOE Covid Symptom Study app, which is collecting information about the symptoms of people with Covid or long Covid every single day to find trends, we know a little more about the disease and its long term effects now. READ MORE- Visceral fat: The diet that could slash abdominal cravings by 60% There are lots of symptoms you can have after a COVID-19 infection. While most people tend to recover from mild Covid within two weeks and more serious Covid in three weeks, some people suffer for much longer. The team at the ZOE app add: “The virus may cause damage to internal organs, resulting in long-term or potentially permanent health problems “There currently is little information and support available for people with long-term COVID-19.“We need to gather ongoing data about the nation’s health to understand the long-term effects of this disease.” According to the NHS, common long COVID symptoms include: DON'T MISS...Paracetamol side effects: The warning toilet signs [INFORMER]Dementia: The smelly sign that may 'precede' memory loss by 10 years [INSIGHT]Supplements: The ‘popular supplement’ linked to ‘serious liver damage’ [EXPLAINER] Of these 14 symptoms, there are four particularly common ones. The Office of National Statistics reports that 51 percent of people with long Covid typically experience fatigue, while 37 percent experience loss of smell. Following closely behind that we have shortness of breath (36 percent) and difficulty concentrating (28 percent). Long Covid is often characterised by gradual improvement of symptoms and then feeling worse again in a cycle. This is true for even the mildest of cases, not just those who were sick enough to go to the hospital.