Karren Brady, 52, is currently offering mentoring sessions to help fellow entrepreneurs in business in aid of International Women's Day. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Karren revealed why she believes Meghan Markle receives such heavy criticism and whether this has anything to do with her challenging gender and bias in her role as a royal. Karren has served as Lord Alan Sugar's assistant on The Apprentice since the show’s sixth series in 2009, having replaced Margaret Mountford. She is also famous for her role as vice-chairman of West Ham United, alongside David Gold and David Sullivan, while she is also a regular writer for the Woman & Home magazine and The Sun. Meanwhile, the Duchess of Sussex is heavily involved in charity work focused primarily on women's issues and social justice. She retired from acting when she married Prince Harry in 2018 and became known as the Duchess of Sussex. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update In 2020, the pair stepped back as senior members of the royal family and later settled in Meghan's native California. Since their departure from the Royal Family, the couple have received heavy criticism due to their "contradictory" claims against the firm. Express.co.uk asked Karren Brady if she believed Meghan was criticised due to her challenging of gender roles. Karren said: "I think it’s probably because there’s a lot of contradictory things in what she says and what she does. "I think lots of people don’t like her to say one thing and do something else. "I think that’s probably the main issue." Recently, the ex-royal couple have faced criticism for breaching royal protocol as they spoke out about Russia's attacks in Ukraine. In a statement on their organisation Archewell’s website, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex called for the "global community and its leaders" to join them in condemning Russia, adding that President Vladimir Putin's actions were a breach of "international and humanitarian law". In response, social media users took to Twitter to discuss what they thought was expected of a royal. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen [OPINION] Eddie Boxshall pens emotional post to ex-fiancee Denise Van Outen [INSTAGRAM] Louise Minchin called out on BBC Breakfast exit by Chris Evans [COMMENT] Kelwell16 asked: "Isn't this against the Royal protocol as they have to be seen as neutral after all he is still a Prince." Agilio_rosa added: "If they choose to comment on political issues, they should return his title given to him by the British Queen. "By making a statement as the Duke (and she by affiliation" they represent themselves as an extension of the British Expeditionary Force. That is irresponsible and dangerous." Karren is currently working with Simply Business during their Empowering Women in Business Initiative, offering mentoring sessions to help females fight gender and bias in the workplace. About her partnership, she said: "I’m working with Simply Business and they are a real champion and voice for small business owners, freelancers and self employed. "They conducted research to coincide with International Women's Day which is really a day to celebrate achievements of women in the past to create awareness for women in the future. "A staggering 91% of female entrepreneurs say gender bias and equality is prevalent in business. "So working together for mentoring and doing webinars to bring women together to talk about issues helps flush them out and work out ways in which we can erase some of the issues women in business are facing." Baroness Karren Brady CBE is an ambassador for Simply Business' Empowering Women In Business initiative, offering one female entrepreneur an exclusive one-on-one mentoring session to improve their skills and confidence in business. Click here for more information.