Britain is in the process of slapping harsh sanctions to cripple Russia’s energy empire, pledging to phase out oil imports by the end of the year. It is also eyeing up sanctions on Russian gas, which make up around five percent of the UK’s total supplies. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is poised to announce a new energy strategy in the coming weeks as Britain seeks to ramp up security after parting ways with Russia. According to Ali Seddiki, Head of Development at AMDIE, part of the Moroccan Government’s Investment and Development Agency, his country could have a big role to play in ensuring a safe split from Putin. It comes as Morocco is poised to strike a “win-win kind of deal” with the UK as the country looks to strengthen trading ties with Britain after Brexit. A giant in renewable energy, Mr Seddiki told Express.co.uk there is “huge potential” for Morocco to supply its renewable resources to the UK. He added: “Morocco has abundant resources available and we are working on it because we are using those renewables to currently power our economy and our industry. “Morocco is among the top five most cost-efficient renewable energy producers. “The quality of wind and solar combined is among the best in the world..that is a huge opportunity for all countries that are willing to implement a carbon neutral strategy. “37 percent of our energy mix comes from renewable energy and our target is to reach 52 percent by 2030. “We will keep on investing so that will definitely translate to opportunities for players in the UK who are interested.” And Mr Johnson has hinted that renewable technologies could play a crucial part in his new energy strategy which he is poised to announce in the coming weeks. The Prime Minister tweeted: "It's time we weaned ourselves off Putin's hydrocarbons. READ MORE: Katya Adler outlines why VDL's energy plan will be CRUSHED "We can do it. It is going to be tough but it's going to be worth it. "We need to work together with partners around the world to help stabilise global energy markets, massively invest in renewable technologies and protect UK consumers. "That’s how we can stand up to Putin’s blackmail." Morocco and the UK have already been building on a relationship in that domain, but Mr Seddiki said the two countries are looking at developing this further. He said: “The partnership with UK on renewable resources started years ago. We worked on common programmes to prepare for COP26 and we were seeing how British companies could invest. DON'T MISS Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears [REVEAL] Rolls-Royce steps up to save Britain and cripple Putin's energy grip [REPORT] nergy crisis lifeline: How to slash YOUR bill by up to £550 [INSIGHT] “Morocco had pretty aggressive targets in developing renewable resources and the UK had the technology that matched the needs. There is huge potential and UK companies are well-positioned because they have the technology, they have the know-how.” “Now we are working on green hydrogen, this is an area where we could be supplying…the UK to help you meet the carbon neutrality targets of your Government.” And there are already some renewable energy projects in the pipeline. The Xlinks Morocco-UK Power Project will see a new electricity generation facility that will be powered entirely by solar and wind energy combined with a battery storage facility. It will be based in the Moroccan region of Guelmim Oued Noun and will cover around 1,500km2 of land to be connected exclusively to the UK via 3,800km sub-sea cables.