The Paris Grevin Museum on Tuesday removed the wax figure of Russian President Vladimir Putin in protest against his invasion of Ukraine and after it was damaged by visitors over the weekend. The statue had already had to be restored in 2014, when a Femen activist had damaged it with a wooden stake The Grévin Museum in Paris chose on Tuesday 1 March to remove the wax statue of Russian President Vladimir Putin, France Bleu Paris learned that same day from the management. This is the first time the museum has taken such a decision for "historical" or political reasons, explained its director general, Yves Delhommeau. The statue also "suffered a few assaults from our visitors" during the weekend, said Yves Delhommeau, general manager of the Musée Grévin. "This Vladimir Putin was a little attacked. And given what happened, our staff and we ourselves didn't feel like walking past it every morning, re-doing its hair, giving it a makeover," he said. He added: "Today is it no longer possible to present a character like him...for the first time in the museum's history we are withdrawing a statue because of historical events currently under way." The statue of Vladimir Putin was created in 2000. In 2014, the statue had to be restored because a Femen activist had damaged it with a wooden stake. The statue of the Russian president is currently kept in the museum's shed, north of Paris, for an indefinite period. "History would have to turn around quickly for him to come back," Delhommeau added. He continued: "Perhaps President Zelensky, who is reacting heroically, will take his place. "He became such a hero for having resisted, for not having fled his country. READ MORE: Russian losses: The REAL stats as Ukraine figures show heavy damage "So he could perfectly well have his place in the Musée Grévin among the great men of history and the great men of today." For the time being, there are no other statues filling the gap between the statues of US President Joe Biden and Chinese leader Xi Jinping. In the UK, the Defence Secretary said that the prospect of a normal diplomatic relationship with the Russian government is "almost impossible" after Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Ben Wallace said it is not too late for the war to be stopped as he warned the Russian president will be "isolated for decades to come" as a war crimes investigation was launched. Mr Wallace said a "line has clearly been crossed" by Moscow by deploying thermobaric "vacuum bombs" which could indiscriminately kill civilians if used in Ukrainian cities. Security minister Damian Hinds suggested the UK could follow European allies in seizing luxury yachts and other assets from Russian oligarchs, as Foreign Secretary Liz Truss stressed the need to "keep our foot on the gas" with economic measures against Russia. DON'T MISS:Xi offers energy lifeline for Putin as ‘nuclear option’ bites [INSIGHT]Angela Merkel left red faced as her 16 year legacy goes 'up in smoke' [REACTION]POLL: Do you think Brexit contributed to  invasion of Ukraine? [POLL] Pressure is increasing on Britain to do more to alleviate the humanitarian crisis unfurling in Europe as the United Nations said more than one million people have now fled Ukraine to seek sanctuary from the Russian invasion. Speaking at a press conference in Estonia, Mr Wallace said: "This hasn't finished here. The consequences of what we are seeing in Ukraine will ripple through Europe and Nato for not just weeks but months and years to come." He said it will "be very hard for the international community to engage" with Mr Putin "in the long term" following his invasion of a "sovereign country at huge scale, inflicting huge damage and violence". Mr Wallace said the idea of a "normal relationship with the Russian government" is "almost impossible as a result of what we have seen in Ukraine unless President Putin chooses to cease what he is doing now". He added: "How far he will go, what weapons he will authorise to achieve his ultimate aim is unknown, but we have seen the use of massive amounts of artillery, we've seen the deployment of thermobaric artillery weapon systems, and we worry how broad those could go." Additional reporting by Maria Ortega