There is evidence that the coronavirus vaccine has weakened the hold of the virus, raising hopes the end of the pandemic could be near. But while studies have consistently confirmed the Pfizer vaccine is safe and effective, mapping the vaccine's side effects has been an ongoing task. In recent developments, one document has listed a total of 158,893 adverse events connected to the mRNA vaccine. Three of the after-effects documented are concentrated in the tongue. Clinical trials have shown that the most common side effects for all the jabs typically occur at a rate of one per 10 doses. And according to NHS Inform, these have generally included pain at the site of injection, headache, muscle ache, chills and joint pain. But people who receive a dose of the Pfizer vaccine continue to be asked to stick around for 15 minutes, in rare side effects, or an allergic reaction occurs. A new report, titled Cumulative Analysis of Post-authorisation Adverse Event Reports, has suggested three lesser-known side effects of the Pfizer vaccine may include tongue amyloidosis, tongue biting and tongue oedema. READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine: Four 'adverse' events that affect the face outlined in new report A swollen tongueLip or tongue swelling have traditionally served as indications that an individual is having an allergic reaction to the vaccine. In fact, many cases of tongue oedema have been treated as anaphylaxis, and have subsequently been determined not to have been. According to the health platform UpToDate: “Many such patients have had early-onset symptoms of itching or tingling, the sestina of throat or tongue swelling or shortness of breath." Other signs of an allergic reaction could include hives, a rash or swelling in the throat. “These reactions are consistent with anxiety-related reactions,” adds UpToDate. Although cases of tongue biting have been reported post-vaccination, the side effect remains extremely rare and shows up soon after the jab. According to eHealthMe: “Tongue biting is found among people who get Pfizer BioNTech Covid Vaccine, especially for people who are male, 60+ old, and on the same day of getting the vaccine.” Involuntary tongue biting is considered a nervous system disorder that can cause forceful contractions of the muscles of the jaw and tongue. According to the platform’s database, by February 6, 2022, a total of 286,220 people had reported having a side effect after receiving a dose of the Pfizer BioNTech Covid Vaccine. Among these people, 39 reported to have tongue biting, confirming the side effect's rarity. Tongue amyloidosis An enlarged tongue is a typical sign of amyloidosis, but the tongue may also appear “ripped along its edge,” according to the Mayo Clinic. The health body continues: “You may not experience signs and symptoms of amyloidosis until the condition is advanced. “When signs and symptoms are evident, they depend on which of your organs are affected.” While some side effects are bound to be more prevalent than others, all three aforementioned tongue conditions have remained uncommon.