In a furious tirade, Mr Wootton lambasted the BBC for joining the claims that the Prime Minister was isolated at the Brussels summit, claiming they are “the biggest proponents of fake news in this country”. He said: “The cretins are back. Forgetting that global security remains at risk thanks to a European war and Britain is being plunged into the biggest cost of living crisis in a generation, but opposition parties have started obsessing over ‘partygate’ once again.  “By opposition, I don’t just mean Labour, the SNP and the Lib Dems, I mean the mainstream media too. “The BBC, The Guardian, The Daily Mirror, ITV News, Sky News, Channel 4 News and many others in the msm are conspiring to convince you that whether small-time Government officials, most of whom are no longer in post, broke ludicrous lockdown rules in 2020 is again the world’s biggest story. “It was wrong for Number 10 officials to break the ludicrous rules they introduced. “But the politicising of this story is being led by the grasping, pathetic and frankly embarrassing Angela Rayner.   “Who is now actually using blatant lies about Boris Johnson’s international standing to call on the Prime Minister to quit.” Mr Wootton continued arguing that the Labour Deputy Leader was using “left wing media smears” to bring down the Prime Minister. He said: “I’m just imagining Angela Rayner being in a position of power and feeling dispair and hilarity at such an absurd prospect. “But this is Labour’s Deputy Leader using blatant left wing media lies to simply try to bring down the Prime Minister. READ MORE: Met police confirm 20 fines over Covid rule-breaking lockdown parties  “Boris Johnson has been the Western leader most trusted throughout the Ukraine crisis. Far more than Biden, Scholtz or Macron. “Rayner in that interview with ITV News is referring to footage from last week’s NATO summit, which has been widely used by the left wing media including shamefully the BBC, showing the PM appearing to look isolated in a meeting with fellow leaders. “It’s not just a distortion, it's a downright lie because Boris had been warmly greeted first by the US President and all other major leaders. “It was just another smear campaign by the biggest proponents of fake news in this country.” DON'T MISS:  Have your say: Is the EU taking Brexit revenge with new court battle?  [REVEAL] Boris Johnson: Burley swiped at Rayner's calls for PM to resign  [INSIGHT] Brexit LIVE: £35m investment to spark new free trade bonanza [SPOTLIGHT]