The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are currently on a royal tour, having visited Belize and Jamaica. Today, March 24, is the pair’s last day in Jamaica before heading to the Bahamas. Kate's look appeared to give a nod to the Queen, who previously wore a very similar ensemble. Kate Middleton looked dazzling today as she stepped out in the Jamaican sun with her husband. The couple attended a military passing out parade in the nation’s capital, Kingston. The Duchess of Cambridge had opted for a white Alexander McQueen dress for the event. The garment featured short sleeves, a square-shaped neckline, and a mid-length skirt. READ MORE: ‘I learnt the hard way’: Monty Don shares warning over tulip bulbs It was covered in lace and cinched in at the waist. Kate paired this with white stiletto heels and a white Philip Treacy hat. One Twitter user pointed out the similarities to a look worn by the Queen in 1954. They wrote: "Okay, I cannot be the only person who saw Catherine’s new Alexander McQueen lace dress and also thought of Her Majesty’s iconic white lace dress she wore at a garden party in Australia in 1954? #RoyalTourCaribbean #QueenElizabethII #DuchessOfCambridge" DON'T MISS: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [ANALYSIS] Both Alexander McQueen and Philip Treacy are royal favourites, with Kate having worn another McQueen dress last night. The Duchess, as well as other members of the Royal Family, also own other Philip Treacy hats.  Philip Treacy was the designer behind Princess Beatrice’s iconic “toilet hat”, which made headlines after the royal wore it to Kate and William’s wedding back in 2011. Today, Kate completed her all-white look with a pair of pearl earrings. The earrings featured diamond studs and tiny dangling pearls. She also carried a silver purse-like clutch bag. The Duchess’ hair was swept back in a low bun and her make-up was natural-looking. Her thick eyebrows were coloured in, and she wore black lashings of mascara. Her lips were a pinkish nude. Meanwhile, Prince William wore the tropical Number One uniform of the Blues and Royals for the first time. This is a white shirt decorated with military adornment and a black and red pair of trousers. His hat was also black and red. After stepping out of the car in Kingston, the Duke of Cambridge then took the royal salute and took his place as the reviewing officer for the parade. The parade was the inaugural parade for service personnel from across the Caribbean who have recently completed the Caribbean Military Academy’s Officer Training Programme.