It’s time to take control, learn how to spot a scam and what to do about it, and Express.co.uk's Scam Watch experts will be showing Britons how. This week the experts are explaining the energy bill scam. This one is topical and timely and focuses on concerns about the rising costs of energy. The scam uses immediacy claiming, "you need to do something now or you will miss out". Remember, if it sounds too good to be true it often is. In this scam, you receive a phone call, and the scammers say they are from a familiar price comparison website that you might have used in the past. READ MORE: Mum spends £10 a week on food at Aldi and has some left to spare - easy 7-day meal plan This is about shooting fish in a barrel - if they make enough phone calls eventually, they will get someone who has bought energy from the website they say they are calling from. You are then offered a special offer, one day only, often only available for a limited number of customers so you must do it now. They will pressurise you to make a quick decision and won’t give you time to think. There are a number of signs this is a scam. Firstly, it is unlikely for a price comparison website to call. Secondly, it is unlikely that there will be offers just available for the first few people who sign up - they do offers for everyone and not for the few. DON'T MISSBudget recipes: Cook 3 delicious meals with just £12 [EXPERT] How to get £40 a month off in Tesco for free [DEALS] Money saving expert hack bagged mum £200 worth of free food [TIP] Never give any of your details over the phone to the caller. If the offer sounds special, then search for the company on the internet and go to the website and see if there are any special offers. If you’ve used the website before, log into your account and see if there are any offers for previous customers. Take five, take a deep breath, have a cup of tea. Legitimate businesses won’t mind if you think about their offer and think before you say yes to anything. Answering your scams concerns Q: My mum doesn’t live near me, and I worry she may receive this sort of call, how can I protect her? Scambusters say: “Consider getting a call blocker or asking for the phone provider to put certain bars on the landline. "Do the Friends Against Scams training and cascade those messages to your mum. "If you think they have been targeted by a scam, it's key to report it so that we can drive up the intelligence in the fraud space.” Scam tip of the week ● If someone wants you to buy something and you are not sure then don’t buy it. Where possible always buy through a debit or credit card as you have stronger rights to claim your money back. ● Never, ever do a bank transfer to a cold caller, these are known as Auto Push Payments (APP). Once money is transferred into someone else’s bank account it is very very hard to get the money back. When you need to make a bank transfer, make sure you check the bank details by contacting the buyer using details you know - never trust a phone number the caller has given you. STOP others being a cybercrime victim by reporting scams and suspicious emails. Forward the scam email to report@phishing.gov.uk. Use Rightly to stop fraudsters sharing your data exposing you to scams.