You cannot overdose on vitamin D through exposure to sunlight, though you can from supplements. If you choose to take vitamin D supplements, 10 micrograms a day will be enough for most people, according to the NHS. You should not take more than 100 micrograms of vitamin D a day as it could be harmful.  The National Institutes of Health (NIH) explained vitamin D is "produced endogenously when ultraviolet (UV) rays from sunlight strike the skin and trigger vitamin D synthesis". Vitamin D helps to promote calcium absorption in the gut, enabling normal bone mineralisation, preventing cramps and spasms. Furthermore, vitamin D is needed for bone strength, helping to prevent osteomalacia in adults (i.e. the softening of the bones that lead to fractures). Although it is very important, and deficiencies can cause an array of issues, those who take supplements must avoid taking too much of the so-called "sunshine vitamin". READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: The changes to your personality signalling 'the liver is struggling'  In the summer months, the majority of the population will get enough vitamin D through exposure to sunlight and a healthy, balanced diet. Around 20 percent of adults may have low vitamin D status, and there are several main risk factors for vitamin D deficiency. If you or someone you care for is in a higher risk group they may need to take vitamin D supplements.  The Cleveland Clinic says: “Symptoms of vitamin D deficiency can include muscle weakness, pain, fatigue and depression.” The NHS says there are also some other symptoms of a vitamin D deficiency. The health body says that these can include muscle aches and weakness, a waddling gait, chronic widespread pain, or bone pain in the lower back, pelvis and foot. The body creates vitamin D from direct sunlight on the skin when outdoors, so the winter may be a time when vitamin D deficiency is more common.  The Cleveland Clinic says: “Do not take higher-than-recommended doses of vitamin D without first discussing it with your doctor. “However, your doctor might recommend higher doses of vitamin D if he or she is checking your blood levels and adjusting your dose accordingly.” The NHS says taking too many vitamin D supplements over a long period of time can cause too much calcium to build up in the body which can weaken the bones and damage the kidneys and the heart. If you exceed the upper limit it can lead to feelings of nausea. Other signs you have taken too much include vomiting, muscle weakness, and loss of appetite.  The Mayo Clinic says: “Vitamin D toxicity, also called hypervitaminosis D, is a rare but potentially serious condition that occurs when you have excessive amounts of vitamin D in your body. “Vitamin D toxicity is usually caused by large doses of vitamin D supplements — not by diet or sun exposure. That's because your body regulates the amount of vitamin D produced by sun exposure, and even fortified foods don't contain large amounts of vitamin D.” “There is currently not enough evidence to support taking vitamin D solely to prevent or treat COVID-19,” the NHS says. In April 2020, the NHS issued a statement, based on recommendations from Public Health England (PHE), that we should all consider taking 10 mcg/day vitamin D as a supplement, to keep our bones and muscles healthy. 