While Manchester United currently intend to pursue Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag when it comes to their next manager, Thomas Tuchel has emerged as another potential option. With Chelsea currently engulfed in chaos amid uncertainty over their future, it’s possible the German will leave Stamford Bridge at the end of the campaign. And Old Trafford may be his next destination. Manchester United are, at the current moment in time, eyeing Pochettino and Ten Hag. Pochettino has been on their radar for years and, in the wake of Paris Saint-Germain’s Champions League exit to Real Madrid, is expected to leave the Parc des Princes come the end of the campaign. Ten Hag, meanwhile, has done well at Ajax and now earned the chance to move on - with the Eredivisie outfit unlikely to stand in his way. However, with Chelsea currently embroiled in turmoil over in the capital, Tuchel could be another option. It was recently reported that United were ‘monitoring’ the situation of the German over at Stamford Bridge. So Express Sport will now take a look at how the Red Devils would line up under the former PSG and Borussia Dortmund boss, using his favoured 3-4-3 system. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz David De Gea is back. Many expected the Spain international to become deputy to Dean Henderson at the start of the season, especially after his poor performance in the Europa League final defeat to Villarreal in May. However, De Gea has responded by getting back to his brilliant best. Without the 31-year-old, it’s possible United’s season could have gone even worse than it already has. So whether it’s Tuchel, Pochettino or Ten Hag it’s likely De Gea will retain the No 1 jersey for the foreseeable future. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message If United were to use a back three under Tuchel, it’s likely Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof would all play together. That’s something Ole Gunnar Solskjaer trialled towards the end of his own Old Trafford reign and it’s possible Tuchel would do the same. Maguire has struggled for consistency but, as club captain, almost gets into the team by default. Varane has been a good addition since joining from Real Madrid and, if he can stay free of injury, will play a major role. And Lindelof is enjoying another good season in English football having got better and better since his arrival from Benfica back in 2017. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Using a 3-4-3 system, Tuchel may have to be creative when it comes to Bruno Fernandes. The Portugal international is capable of playing in a midfield two, as well as further forwards in the No 10 position. So with Paul Pogba primed to leave, Fernandes and Fred may be partners in crime under the current Chelsea boss. On the right of their midfield, in a wing-back position, Diogo Dalot seems to be a better option than Aaron Wan-Bissaka. Likewise Alex Telles over Luke Shaw, even if both players remain infuriatingly inconsistent. Marcus Rashford has struggled for United this season. However, on his day, the England international remains one of the best players in world football. Therefore, Tuchel may try and make him a focal point of his team if he ends up swapping Stamford Bridge for Old Trafford. On the right, Jadon Sancho could slot in with the England international now operating at the peak of his powers once again. And, up top, Cristiano Ronaldo. Who else?