Appearing on Fox News, the former Good Morning Britain host spoke about his new talk show Piers Morgan Uncensored, which premieres on April 25, on TalkTV in the UK and Fox Nation in the USA. During the chat, Piers brought up the Duchess of Sussex as he ranted about freedom of speech and cancel culture. Piers' comment about Meghan came after he raged about free speech and being able to say whatever you want without any repercussions. "I want to get back to what it used to be like where you could have a tear-up argument with a good friend about some issue in the news and afterwards go and have a beer together," Piers explained. "Like Meghan Markle?" news presenter Jesse Watters sarcastically weighed in. Taking a swipe at the royal, Piers replied: "There are some exceptions to my cancel culture rule and I can only thank the American people for taking Ms Markle back." READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security "We couldn't be more grateful," the former Good Morning Britain host laughed. Piers has been vocal about Meghan and Prince Harry in the past and in March 2021, he quit Good Morning Britain following his argument with Alex Beresford about the royals. As the duo discussed Meghan and Harry's tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey, Piers heavily criticised Meghan and her claims about feeling suicidal. At the time, Piers insisted that he simply didn't believe the royal, and he further criticised her for not revealing the identity of the senior royal that refused to give her help. The presenter's comments sparked more than 40,000 Ofcom complaints, and it was later revealed Piers had quit the ITV show. Elsewhere in Piers' interview with Fox News, he described himself as a "global irritant" as he explained his show would air every night in America, the UK and Australia. "I want to irritate all the right people," he told the hosts. "All the people we all find uniques irritating. "It's this permanently offended, snowflakey, cancel culture mob, who descend like a pack of hornets on anything they can get themselves into, trying to suppress everyone's right to an opinion." DON'T MISS...Below Deck Med's inundated with co-star messages as she marries beau [REACTION]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip's Izzie gasps as bench makes huge profit [VIDEO] "Trying to tell us all how to think, how to act, how to laugh, what to find funny, what statues to revere," Piers ranted. "I think we are just sick a tired of it. Whether you're in New York, whether you're in London, whether you're in Sydney, everyone is fed up with this. "We're fed up of this small, vocal permanently angry, humourless, horrible group of people. "This woke brigade and by woke I don't mean the original interpretation of ut which meant just to be more socially aware of social, racial injustice." "I mean this new creation of the woke cancel culture," he added. "Which is somebody who believes their opinion is not just the only one that can be tolerated but that anyone that deviates one iota from that opinion has to be destroyed. "Shamed, abused, and then cancelled. Have their job taken away from them, have their livelihood wrecked, simply for having a different opinion. "So, I think the world has become a small place in terms of debate, we're all having these same arguments around the world now. "I think the vast majority of people, whether it's in America, the UK, Australia or other countries, the vast majority agree with me." Piers Morgan Uncensored will premiere Monday, April 25 on Talk TV.