Last week, the Russian President launched a full-scale invasion of the former Soviet nation despite weeks of talks and threats of sanctions from the West. However, Putin's attempts to capture the country have been thwarted so far. Now, according to a US defence official, Russia has moved mobile missile launchers inside Ukraine for the majority of 480 missile strikes in the week-long conflict. The senior official added how Russia had been the most used launch site and around 70 air strikes had been launched from Moscow's closest ally, Belarus. A week after Russia's invasion, Ukraine still has a "majority" air and missile defences which are still "viable" despite 480 missile strikes, the official added. However, Jack Detsch, national security reporter for Foreign Policy, warned Russia still has the "vast majority" of overall military forces. Tweeting a response from the senior official, he said: "Russia still has 'vast majority' of overall military forces able to send to Ukraine, despite sending 90 percent of 150,000 troops arrayed on border into the conflict." On Wednesday, the Ukrainian city of Kherson became the first region to fall into the hands of the Russian military. The Mayor of Kherson, Igor Kolykhaev, said Russian troops were in the streets and had forced their way into the city council building. Ukraine's government had played down reports that Kherson had fallen into Russian hands, which would be the first sizeable city to do so since the invasion began last week. Mr Kolykhayev urged Russian soldiers not to shoot at civilians and publicly called on civilians to walk through the streets only in daylight and in ones and twos. READ MORE: Russia turmoil as Putin warned sanctions will 'hurt' He said: "We do not have the Armed Forces in the city, only civilians and people who want to LIVE here!" Since Putin launched his invasion, more than 836,000 people have fled Ukraine, with reports emerging Russian civilians are also fleeing their homeland. On Wednesday, the UN General Assembly voted in favour of condemning Russia's actions. According to CNN, more than 2,000 Ukrainian civilians have been killed during Russia's invasion. DON'T MISSRussian vodka boycott as UK supermarket takes it down of the shelves [INSIGHT] Vladimir Putin's new claims Russia's plan is working torn apart [COMMENT] Putin blasts Ukraine 'Nazis' in deranged rant but opens up on losses [REVEAL] Kyiv's State Emergency Service said: "More than 2,000 Ukrainians died, not counting our defenders." However, the United Nations' reported civilian death toll is far lower, although they cautioned the real toll is likely to be "much higher". In a statement on Tuesday, the UN office said: “Most of these casualties were caused by the use of explosive weapons with a wide impact area, including shelling from heavy artillery and multiple launch rocket systems, and air strikes. “These are only the casualties we were able to cross-check, and the real toll is likely to be much higher." This week, reports suggested Russian troops have begun deserting Putin's invasion and headed back to Moscow "on foot". On Monday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced any prisoners with combat experience will be released from jail and help defend Ukraine from Russia's invasion. He said: "Under martial law, Ukrainians with real combat experience will be released from custody and will be able to compensate for their guilt in the hottest spots of the conflict. "We have taken a decision which is not easy from the moral point of view, but which is useful from the point of view of our defences. "The key is now defence." Mr Zelensky also appealed to the EU, requesting the bloc allow Ukraine to join immediately in the face of Russian aggression. In his video address, he continued: "We appeal to the European Union for the immediate accession of Ukraine via a new special procedure. "Our goal is to be together with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be on an equal footing. "I'm sure it's fair. I'm sure it's possible."