After having huge success with hits like Losing My Religion and The One I Love, R.E.M became one of the world’s biggest selling music acts. With a selection of archive footage, a BBC programme, which airs tonight (Saturday, March 12) proves why. Yet in 1995, things were about to take a turn for the worst, with Berry collapsing on stage in Switzerland after having a brain aneurysm. Two years after the incident in 1997, Berry would make the decision to leave the band for good, leaving R.E.M as a trio. About 90 minutes into the set, Berry developed what he thought was a migraine, but on receiving medical attention whilst on the way back to their hotel, the cause of the collapse was found to be far more serious. “It felt like a bowling ball hit me in the head,” Berry recalled to the Los Angeles Times some time after the incident. “There wasn't any warning. I was just singing the falsetto part on ‘Tongue’ when it happened.” In fact, tests had revealed that Berry had two aneurysms, one that had ruptured and the other that luckily hadn’t, but a surgical procedure was quickly arranged to make sure this didn’t happen.  READ MORE: Diabetes: Do you experience polyuria? The warning sign that strikes 'especially at night'  “It’s tough having your head operated on. A lot of people just don’t come back, because it’s the end of the world to them. “After the operation, Bill could barely move, but he still said he’d be ready to play in two weeks. We knew there was no way of that happening.” In an interview with MTV, after his split from the band was announced, Berry revealed leaving the band had “first started to dawn on [him]” during his recovery. He said: “I wasn't specifically thinking about quitting the band, but maybe reassessing my priorities and things I want to do with the rest of my life.  “Maybe not as much travel, for one. Being away from home. I had a lot of time to lay around in a hospital bed and think about things. Maybe I started feeling sorry for myself.” The NHS explains that a brain aneurysm is a bulge in a blood vessel which is caused by a weakness in the blood vessel wall where it branches. When blood passes through the weakened wall the pressure causes a small area to bulge outwards. When an aneurysm ruptures (bursts) it can cause sudden and painful symptoms, in comparison to an unruptured aneurysm, which may not be discovered until it has expanded too far. Symptoms of a ruptured brain aneurysm, which can be extremely serious, includes:  In some cases, an unruptured aneurysm can still cause symptoms, although less severe. If experienced, they should be checked out by a medical professional. These symptoms include: Ruptured brain aneurysms can lead to a condition known as a subarachnoid haemorrhage, where bleeding caused by the ruptured aneurysm can cause extensive brain damage. This is why it is important to call 999 immediately if you think someone has had a brain haemorrhage. If an aneurysm has ruptured or not, treatment aims to prevent it from occurring. The two main methods of treatment for aneurysms include either filling the aneurysm with tiny metal coils or an open operation to seal it shut with a tiny metal clip. Two years on from his surgery and recovery, Berry told MTV: “Physically, I'm 100 percent. My brain is back to normal, for whatever good that is.” 