Smoking or even possessing the Class B drug is illegal in the UK despite repeated calls for it to be decriminalised. But the drug's unmistakable waft is highly pervavsive and, if your neighbours are having a toke, you'll probably be able to smell it. Police rely on tip-offs to help prosecute people for taking cannabis. But homeowners are often wary of reporting their own neighbours in fear of a reprisals. Speaking recently though, a spokeswoman for Avon and Somerset Police said there was no need to fear. She said: "We wouldn't say information has come from a neighbour as that narrows it down. We'd just say we received a call." She told Bristol Live police would "never give away a caller's identity". The force's website states: "If you suspect someone is using, dealing or growing drugs, such as cannabis, in your neighbourhood, report it to us." This can also be done through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.  Around one fifth of people caught with cannabis in the Avon and Somerset patch alone in 2020 were charged. According to Home Office figures, of 1,871 cannabis possession offences "closed" by Avon and Somerset Constabulary, 363 resulted in a charge or summons. It is a myth that people can smoke cannabis in their own home legally. During a recent crackdown, a spokesman for Derbyshire Police said: "The possession of cannabis is an offence and will be dealt with by police. "It is a widespread issue and we are focusing our resources to target those connected with the cultivation and dealing of the drug to help crack down on the issue. We would encourage anyone who suspects drug activity in their community to contact us."  Currently the law around Class B drugs means anyone caught in possession can face up to five years in prison, an unlimited fine, or both. Supply and production carries a longer sentence of potentially up to 14 years in prison, an unlimited fine. or both. Despite campaigns from pressure groups, Boris Johnson has said he isn't interested in making cannabis legal. He faces strong opposition, in particular from Bristol mayor Marvin Rees and Mayor of London Sadiq Khan. Every April in Castle Park, Bristol, and Hyde Park, London, hundreds of people gather to smoke to mark the so-called "420" culture, slang for the consumption of cannabis.