  Steph’s Packed Lunch presenter Steph McGovern has credited her move away from the BBC as her “best financial decision". The star claims she is “much better off” now that she has moved to Channel 4.      Steph, 39, opened up about her savvy attitude towards money in an interview released today. When the star was asked about her “best financial decision”, she revealed it was her move away from the BBC. She said: “Leaving the BBC and moving to Channel 4 to present Steph’s Packed Lunch. “I’m much better off now,” the star added. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts     Despite describing herself as “prudent with money” the Channel 4 star also admitted her “worst” ever purchase was a significant one. When asked the question, she revealed: “My first house. Everyone was telling me to get on the property ladder. “I was in my early 20s and living in London. I couldn’t afford to buy there so I bought a house in Middlesbrough. “I’ve still got it; my friend lives in it. But it’s gone down in value since I bought it 15 years ago. I was a victim of the credit crunch.     Steph was born and raised in Middlesbrough and still lives in the North East, but her various journalism gigs over the years have seen her regularly carry out work in London. The presenter started at the BBC as a researcher in the early 2000s, and went on to star on the Today programme, Watchdog and BBC Breakfast. Steph was BBC Breakfast’s main business presenter between 2010 and 2019, before finally parting ways with the broadcaster. She went on to launch her successful talk show Steph’s Packed Lunch for Channel 4 in September 2020, which she films from Leeds. READ MORE... Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [LATEST] Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions [NEWS]       The show offers a mixture of entertainment, food, news and an exciting variety of high-profile guests, most recently including the likes of John Whaite, Denise van Outen and Giovanni Pernice. During the interview, Steph went on to reveal her mother Anne was a major influence in her financial education. She described how Anne had taught her about “the power of earning your own money” and “spending wisely". Steph also shared in her interview with the Telegraph that her first ever job was as an “ear-piercing specialist” at an unnamed accessories shop in Middlesbrough.      Dan Walker remains on BBC Breakfast alongside Sally Nugent, while his co-presenter Louise Minchin has moved on after 20 years. Steph was most recently joined on Steph’s packed lunch by former Strictly Come Dancing professional Pasha Kovalev. Steph’s Packed Lunch returns tomorrow at 12:30pm on Channel 4. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.   