The Duchess of Cambridge wore a full-length green gown by Jenny Packham, accessorised with her Royal Family Order and the GCVO Star (Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order). Prince William also smartened up in black tie for the dinner at King’s House, the official residence of the Governor-General of Jamaica. Kate was made a Dame Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order in 2019, a title bestowed on her by the Queen. Several royal commentators shared video and pictures of the glamorous pair on Twitter. Daily Mail Royal Editor Rebecca English wrote: “The Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in diamonds lent to her by the Queen for a glittering state dinner tonight in Jamaica. “Kate wore a green dress by Jenny Packham and her Royal Family Order and the GCVO Star.  “Prince William was suave in black tie as they arrived at King’s House.” Referring to the princess’s gorgeous gown, she said “Definitely a Disney Princess kind of night!” Many Twitter users expressed their delight at the royal couple and their representation of the UK abroad. User @notamused666 wrote: “Her gowns are impeccable and the cut is superb.” Another user @jane_hurghada1 tweeted: “Catherine truly is a vision in green, heavenly dress, glamorous hairstyle, magnificent jewels just wow.” READ MORE: POLL: Is Commonwealth waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? User @JosAMina1 added: “Dazzling, both of them! Dignified representatives of HM The Queen.” The royal couple met Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness earlier in the day, where he shared his vision for a Jamaica free of the power of the British monarchy. The Cambridges have faced protests since their arrival on the Caribbean island, with crowds demanding reparations for for slavery. DON'T MISS:Queen health: Palace aides 'playing it day by day' [LATEST]Jamaica seeking to remove Queen as head of state [ANALYSIS]Dr Shola in incredible attack on Queen 'day of reckoning for royals' [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Holness said: “Jamaica is a very free and liberal country. “The people are very expressive and I’m certain that you will have seen the spectrum of expression yesterday, which as you would know is unresolved. “Your presence gives an opportunity for those issues to be placed in context, put front and centre, and to be addressed as best as we can.” He added that his country wishes to “fulfil our true ambition and destiny as an independent, developed and prosperous country”, reported Sky News.