Kayce Dutton (played by Luke Grimes) has had more than his fair share of brushes with death, whether it be the Yellowstone pilot episode’s cattle dispute with the reservation which ultimately led to brother Lee’s (Dave Annable) demise or the season three finale Dutton assassination attempts. Heading into season five of the Paramount Network drama, however, it appears Kayce has a new lease of life after throwing himself into an ancient Native American ritual in order to rid himself of his demons. However, Kayce’s breakthroughs towards the end of season four have left a number of open-ended questions heading into the fifth run. None least the state of his marriage to the newly-pregnant Monica (Kelsey Asbille) after Kayce admitted he saw the “end” of them during his visions. Their romance has overcome a number of obstacles during the four-season run so far but with the reintroduction of Avery (Tanaya Beatty) as well, perhaps the fifth run will mark the end of their journey. However, another way Kayce and Monica’s love story could end is if the Dutton finds himself on the wrong side of a deadly altercation. READ MORE: 1883's Sam Elliott sparks backlash as he blasts Yellowstone Despite staving off the threat of death for so long, a new career move from actor Grimes has left some fans fearing the worst for Kayce. Grimes announced earlier this year he was planning on launching and pursuing a career in country music. The star already has a background in music, telling Rolling Stone in January 2022: “It was around that time when the alt-country thing was really going on. I played the guitar too and helped write songs for the band, so I got to be more than just the drummer. “It was a cool experience,” he added before revealing he’d be working with the same management team that work alongside his Yellowstone co-star Ryan Bingham. As a result, some fans have taken to the web to theorise this new work project may throw a spanner in the works of his time on Yellowstone. Redditor Brows-gone-wild took to the web forum to suggest: “I feel like Kayce is going to get killed off bc I’m wondering how long Luke Grimes is going to stay in the acting game.” And they weren’t alone as Darkbaymare echoed: “This! When I heard he was planning to launch a music career I wondered if S4 was him being phased out of the show.” (sic) It appears their fears are shared among other fans too, with both suggestions receiving a number of “upvotes” on the message board. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone season 5: Summer's release from jail 'sealed' after clue?Yellowstone 1883 family tree: Who are James and Elsa Dutton to John?Y1883: ‘I was a mess’ Faith Hill opens up on co-star’s exit Could Grimes’ new career move seal his own exit from the series? Fans will have to wait until season five to find out for sure but for now, it looks like Grimes and Kayce are still very much part of Yellowstone’s future. After all, Bingham has been able to juggle a career in the country charts alongside his stint in the Paramount drama. And once Yellowstone was renewed for a fifth season, it was confirmed Grimes would be back as a series regular once again. But Yellowstone is no stranger to killing off some of its biggest players over the years and catching fans off-guard. In season four, for example, fans watched as Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) killed his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) in a desperate attempt to save his own skin. Add to the long list of Yellowstone casualties the likes of Lee Dutton, Sheriff Donnie Haskell (Hugh Dillon), Dan Jenkins (Danny Huston), the Beck brothers and Sarah Nguyen (Michaela Conlin), and it’s clear to see nobody’s safe in Montana. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Paramount Network in the USA now. Season 5 is expected to arrive in 2022.