Formula 1 driver Yuki Tsunoda admitted he was living a less than ideal lifestyle at the start of his career in the sport, ordering takeaways and gaming. The Japanese AlphaTauri racer is currently about to embark on his second season in F1 and revealed his team boss had inspired him to change. After initially making his name in Formula 2 the racer moved into the pinnacle of motorsport when he joined AlphaTauri for the 2021 season. Now he has a full campaign under his belt many are expecting the 21-year-old to push on and also to put added pressure on his team-mate Pierre Gasly. However, while the racer’s skills and attitude on the track have garnered much attention, his lifestyle off the track has certainly taken some time to adjust. Tsunoda admitted that seeing his boss Franz Tost regularly getting up early in the morning and pulling out a middle-distance run made him rethink his lifestyle. JUST IN: Toto Wolff's question to Martin Brundle raises concerns over Lewis Hamilton's car “Because you guys don’t know how fit Franz is,” Tsunoda told gathered reporters. “He’s running like 10km from 5.30am, which I’ve never done in my life. “Also last year, especially the beginning or the first half of the season, I was taking pretty much everyday Uber Eats breakfast, lunch, dinner, and one hand on the game control and one hand just food.” To be fair to the Formula 1 driver, an Uber Eats and gaming lifestyle would potentially appeal to a lot of people, but it’s hardly the best way to live as an elite athlete. DON'T MISS Christian Horner has private talks with FIA president amid Mercedes 'illegal' car row Lando Norris and Daniel Ricciardo's awkward McLaren meeting over Brit's public comments Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto backs Mercede over 'ilegal' new car as Toto Wolff speaks out  However, there is no denying his talent and his shake-up and revamp of his own lifestyle will no doubt help him out with the 2022 Formula 1 campaign just around the corner. At times during his rookie season he showed off his blistering pace but too many mistakes ultimately cost him throughout the campaign. The 2022 Formula 1 season gets up and running with the Bahrain Grand Prix Weekend, with qualifying on March 19 and the race taking place on March 20. Along with the rest of the grid, Tsunoda will hope to take his F1 career to the next level. Elsewhere, with Bahrain testing currently ongoing, there was a blow for McLaren driver Daniel Ricciardo who tested positive for Covid. The Australian driver had already missed testing due to being unwell but his positive Covid test will now see him miss the rest of pre-season testing. McLaren confirmed the news earlier today and said he is expected to be back on the grid for the first race of the season. Lando Norris will remain in the MCL36 for the final day of official pre-season testing tomorrow. Ricciardo took to social media after the news was announced, to assure fans that he wasn't too unwell and express his disappointment over being forced to miss testing. "Better this week than next..." he wrote. "Unfortunate to miss the test, but I’m starting to feel better. "I’ll stay isolated and just focus on next weekend. Big thanks to Lando and McLaren for the heavy lifting, I owe you some beers (milk for Lando). "Appreciate the well wishes from everyone."