The Last Kingdom season five is due to air on Netflix on March 9 and it is based on Bernard Cornwell's ninth and 10th Saxon Stories novels. The highly-anticipated TV season's arrival will be bittersweet for fans as it brings many of the characters' storylines to a close. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the new episodes will arrive. The final outing of the Anglo-Saxon drama is set at least 10 years ahead of the previous season. The 10-episode season will see Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) face immeasurable losses. Warriors of the Storm and The Flame Bearer were the novels that inspired the new instalments. A whole host of new characters will be introduced, many of whom will be new enemies for Uhtred. All 10 episodes will arrive at the same time so eager fans can binge their way through. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star discusses working with 'moody' co-star The series will drop at 8am for fans in the UK and will be available from midnight in the US. The exact release times are as follows: 12am PT in the US 3am ET in the US 8am GMT in the UK 9am CET in Europe 1.30pm IST in India 7pm AEDT in Sydney, Australia The episodes are all an hour long, so it will take some time for fans to work their way through. Actor Dreymon found himself behind the camera for some of the show's final episodes. Taking on a directorial role, he fully embraced providing some creative influence. The star spoke out about what it was like working from the other side. He said: "I spent as much time in front of the camera as I did behind the camera, so I was definitely thrown in at the deep end but I’m completely in love with it. "I’m just so grateful to have been able to do it. "There’s just no way of knowing the breadth of the director’s responsibilities and what it means to carry the weight of that unless you do it. "And I thought I knew, but I really had no idea. "It gave me even more honour and respect for that part of our world." DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5 cast: Who is joining the final season? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom's Finan star pays tribute to Alexander Dreymon [DISCUSSION] The show's executive producer, Nigel Marchant, opened up about why the series is ending with season five. The cast and crew were aware the fifth season seemed a natural point to finish the TV series. He explained, "there was a very definite beginning, middle and end". However, fans were pleased to hear the latest season will not be the end of the road for Uhtred. His story will continue in a feature-length film for Netflix, titled Seven Kings Must Die. As for what fans can expect from the show's finale, the fate of England continues to hang in the balance. Once again, Uhtred is forced to choose between his personal destiny and the securing of a new nation, fulfilling King Alfred's (David Dawson) dream. Uhtred's family is also under great threat as friend-turned-enemy Brida (Emily Cox) threatens to take out his bloodline. He also makes one last attempt to claim back his homeland of Bebbanburg.  The Last Kingdom is on Netflix from midnight on March 9, and 8am in the UK.