Lorraine Kelly welcomed Bob Odenkirk on her ITV talk show to discuss all things Breaking Bad, Better Call Saul and his new memoir, ‘Comedy, Comedy, Comedy, Drama’. With the sixth and final season of the AMC drama dropping next month, fans are on tenterhooks to see the final steps of Saul Goodman’s (played by Odenkirk) transition into the scheming lawyer Breaking Bad fans grew to love. However, having played the iconic lawyer for over a decade, Bob admitted it was “hard” to say farewell. Discussing the ending of Better Call Saul, Lorraine put to Bob: “it’s the end of Better Call Saul, I don’t know how I’m going to cope. “It’s the last one, isn’t it?” the ITV host went on to which Bob replied: “Yeah, we just finished the final season about one month ago.” Keen to hear what the emotions were like on the final day, Lorraine chipped back in: “Was it hard to say bye-bye to him?” “It was, it was very hard,” Bob admitted. “I mean those people… I’ve been playing the character for almost 12 years now. READ MORE: Better Call Saul fans ‘rumble’ identity of season 6 trailer's mystery man “And that show [Better Call Saul] was six years (of that), and the last season was almost a year of shooting. “(It’s) 13 episodes, it’s a longer season our final season and we all became good friends and it’s an amazing crew of pros.” Singling out his onscreen partner Rhea Seehorn, in particular, Bob praised: “Rhea Seehorn, my co-star and I, are very close friends.” He also paid tribute to Howard Hamlin star Patrick Fabian as he went on: “Patrick Fabian and some of the other people, we’re all very close.” And he couldn’t not mention Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul legend Jonathan Bank, best known for his no-nonsense portrayal of Mike Ehrmantraut. “Banks, of course, Jonathan Banks, who plays Mike Ehrmantraut-“ Bob went on before Lorraine let out an excitable gasp. “Oh, I love Mike!” Lorraine cut in before Bob continued: “If you saw this trailer you know it’s amazing. “It blew my mind,” he added before Lorraine echoed: “It’s fantastic, isn’t it?” DON'T MISS:Better Call Saul's Gus Fring star lands huge new role ahead of finaleBetter Call Saul season 6 trailer sparks frenzy as Breaking Bad star appearsBetter Call Saul season 6: Lalo’s survival sealed? Delving into filming the final season, Lorraine also quizzed: “Do you still look and go, ‘Oh, my God, I’m in that?’” “Yes,” Bob confessed. “We shoot so much story and pack so much into an hour that you forget what you did and what happened!” Season six hasn’t been without its drama off-camera either as Bob suffered a heart attack during filming last summer. And he credited co-star Rhea with saving his life as she was one of the first people on the scene to attract medical attention. He told Lorraine Rhea and those around him “screamed their heads off” when he fell ill. Delving further, he explained: “I had some plaque break off and block the artery, and they were right there. “(They) didn't know what to do, but screamed their heads off, and then the medic showed up and they started CPR. Very lucky, very lucky." Better Call Saul season 6 premieres on April 18 on AMC in the USA and the following day on Netflix in the UK.