The incident was caught on CCTV earlier this month. The life-size gorilla, which lived in a pond in the front garden of Chris Moss's home, was seen as a "proper landmark" in the local area. He said the ornament "didn't cost a huge amount" but has "huge sentimental value". Mr Moss, who works as an antique clock restorer, said the community was "devastated" by the theft. Police are now appealing for further information in an attempt to catch the perpetrator. Mr Moss said the CCTV footage showed the hooded thief struggling to steal the garden ornament. They then left the scene and returned shortly afterwards with "tools to finish the job off". It took "six or seven minutes" for the thief to successfully "prise" the gorilla off its stand. The life-size ape was bolted to the ground to protect the ornament from theft, as the gorilla itself was installed to replace a pink flamingo that was previously stolen from the pond. It was this incident that also caused Mr Moss to install the CCTV system. The gorilla was discovered missing on March 6, 2022. DON'T MISS: Panic erupts at 'creepy' orange sky - Saharan dust cloud covers London [REACTION] Ukraine horror: Putin recruits 40,000 'ISIS' fighters [REVEAL] Father angers wife after not telling her he went to fight in Ukraine [REPORT] Speaking to the BBC, Mr Moss said: "It's a proper landmark in Frome. "It a great big thing and sticks out of the water a good 2ft (0.6m). "It didn't cost a huge amount but it was of huge sentimental value both for me and everyone in the community." Although the thief was caught "red-handed" on CCTV, Mr Moss said that no one has seen "hide or tail" of the gorilla since. He added: "Since it's gone I've had people knocking on the door asking what has happened. "There's a school down the road and all the kids love the gorilla. "People use it to give people directions around Frome. "I can't believe that it's been stolen. "I felt devastated, really annoyed and upset when I found out." A spokesman for Avon and Somerset Constabulary told the BBC it had received a report relating to the theft of a large black plastic gorilla. The force urged anyone with information to come forward.