Actress Tamzin Outhwaite, 51, has responded to those who shot down her recent post praising her boyfriend, Tom Child, for stepping up to help with the house and kids and for consoling her nine-year-old daughter when she is missing her dad, Lucifer actor Tom Ellis. Tamzin and Tom Ellis were married from 2006 to 2013 and share two daughters, Marnie and Florence. In a gushing tribute to Tom Child, the New Tricks star penned in view of her 255,000 Twitter followers: “Gratitude tweet. My youngest is ill and my schedule has been manic. “My love has done school runs, vet visits, made dinner, packed lunches, cleaned, dog walks, taken the car to mechanics and generally lightened my load to the max, all with kindness and a smile #teamworkmakesthedreamwork.” Some users were less than generous with praise for Tom. READ MORE:Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert Els wrote: “Welcome, he is doing what millions of working women do every day.” @Scousemouse added: “Why do we all need to know? Just say thanks to him. Don't get why everyone needs to tell the world normal day to day stuff. It's called being in a relationship. And John said: “Oh just a normal day then like countless other people.” In a follow-up tweet, Tamzin retaliated with more examples of what makes Tom the “dream stepdad”. She said: “For those saying, ‘that’s a normal day’ or ‘what every man does’, he also moved to the spare room so I can sleep with my nine-year-old to check her temp and give her meds. (sic) “He holds her when she is sobbing because she misses her biological dad and then makes her laugh out loud #dreamstepdad.” The actress added that her daughters can give her boyfriend “a hard time as that’s what kids do to stepparents." She continued: “But deep down they know he is kind, he cares and loves them deeply, and I know how lucky I am. #appreciationpost #stepparentgratitud DON'T MISS'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown[LATEST]Phillip Schofield 'gutted' as host breaks silence on Holly's absence[INSIGHT]Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border[NEWS] Many of the EastEnders actress’ followers took to the comments to praise Tom Child. Emmerdale star Samantha Giles said: “It makes such a difference having a supportive partner.” Sarah wrote: “What a kind man/partner. If only all men were so considerate...hope your young one gets better soon.” And Jay echoed: “He’s definitely a keeper.” Tamzin and Miranda actor Tom Ellis announced their split in 2013, when her youngest daughter was just 12-months-old. A spokesperson for the couple said at the time: “Tamzin Outhwaite and Tom Ellis are sad to confirm they have separated. “They continue to support each other as parents and will remain friends. They ask for sensitivity at this difficult time." Tamzin met Tom Child, who is 20 years her junior, in 2017 when they attended the same yoga class. Tom Ellis has since remarried with American screenwriter Meaghen Oppenheimer.