Human Resources has just started airing on Netflix and the TV series follows a group of monsters that work hard to make people human. Fans have started to recognise some familiar voices as the show boasts a star-studded cast. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is behind the monsters. Maury is known for his sexual suggestions in the office and they do not always go down well with clients. His job is to assist clients during the process of navigating puberty. He always puts others first, even though his approach can sometimes come across as crass. Nick Kroll voices the character and he is best known for his roles in the Kroll Show and FX's The League. The comedy actor also co-created Big Mouth. READ MORE: Big Mouth season 6 release date: Will there be another series? Connie is known for her one-liners and she is all about glamour. But her sophistication does not stretch far beyond this, as she has no filter and says whatever she thinks. The sassy colleague is voiced by Maya Rudolph, known for her roles in Grown Ups and Bridesmaids. She has also starred in Big Mouth since 2017. Emmy is all about having fun and partying and celebrating her youth. She may be carefree but she also experiences a lot of self-doubt, which means she tends to hold back in her work. The character is played by Aidy Bryant, a 34-year-old actress and comedian known for her appearances on Saturday Night Live. She has also starred in Shrill and Danger & Eggs. Walter first appeared in Big Mouth and he is known for his multiple personalities. He is a hopeless romantic but his obsessive tendencies can turn people off very quickly. Brandon Kyle Goodman is known for being part of the Big Mouth writer's room. The star has also featured in Feel the Beat and Plus One. DON'T MISS... Rick and Morty season 6 release date: All we know so far [INSIGHT] Rick and Morty spoilers: Evil Morty’s plan foreshadowed in season one [DISCUSSION] Top Boy: Dushane star speaks out on series future if character dies [INTERVIEW] Pete is the monster who keeps everyone's thoughts logical and rational. He is able to calm the most emotional of clients down and is known for his caring nature. Pete is voiced by Randall Park, a 47-year-old American actor and comedian known for Fresh Off the Boat and WandaVision. He also appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe as Agent Jimmy Woo in Ant-Man and the Wasp. Lionel is responsible for making people feel shame after they have done something wrong. He loves to torment and often leaves people on the verge of tears. The character is voiced by David Thewlis, best known for playing Remus Lupin in the Harry Potter films. He has also starred in Wonder Woman, Dragonheart and I'm Thinking of Ending Things. Rochelle made an appearance in the original Big Mouth season and was first introduced in season five. She was known as Missy's Hate Worm but has transformed into a kind and ambitious Lovebug. She always strives to be the best and is a loyal friend. Rochelle is voiced by Keke Palmer, who in 2019 was included on Time magazine’s list of most influential people in the world. The award-winning actress has starred in True Jackson VP and Scream: Resurrection.  Human Resources is streaming on Netflix now.