But there’s one group of people who are particularly at risk – our pensioners. Older people, often isolated and sometimes with limited mobility, are truly on the front line of the cost-of-living surge­, particularly as the triple lock guarantee for pensions has been temporarily suspended.This is why charities like Age UK have beseeched Mr Sunak to put in special measures, raising pensioners’ benefits to protect our older population from soaring energy bills. One proposal has been to funnel support directly to low-income pensioners, giving £500 handouts to those eligible for the Cold Weather Payment. Council Tax rebates should also be more widely acted upon and the Resolution Foundation think tank recommended that Mr Sunak raise state pensions by an extra 5 per cent and exclude low-income earners from the National Insurance hike. Our poorer pensioners were already suffering from the isolating effects of the pandemic. Forcing them now to cut back on essentials such as heating and food is inhumane. They need a break. ------------------------------------------------ Battle Putin will not win Russian president Vladimir Putin plumbs new depths in his dreadful war on Ukraine. As the bombardment of the Ukrainian capital Kyiv began, reports emerged that in scenes redolent of the Second World War, Putin had begun kidnapping children from towns and taking them to camps in Russia. Some 2,500 are said to have been transported so far. It is unconscionable but sadly plausible. After all, the Russian leader’s strategy, already seen in Chechnya, Syria and Ukraine’s Donbass region, has been to pummel civilian populations until they leave or are moved, enabling Russia to proclaim victory over the scorched earth. Brave Ukrainians are standing up to his lies and the numeric might of the Russian army. Putin will not ultimately win, and the sooner he is brought to justice the better. ------------------------------------------------ Our eternal Sweetheart With Russia’s war on Ukraine raging, it was sobering to see our own wartime sweetheart Vera Lynn’s memorial service take place in Westminster Abbey. With famous friends including Alan Titchmarsh, Jonathan Dimbleby and Katherine Jenkins, the moving tributes to Dame Vera bought back her vital role as the morale-boosting wartime singer, and as Mr Dimbleby pointed out, each song she sang to our troops was a link to home. When Ms Jenkins closed the service with We’ll Meet Again it was a most moving epitaph to the Forces’ Sweetheart.