Kensington Palace confirmed the engagement of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on November 27, 2017, and they were wed on May 19, 2018. Harry proposed to Meghan with a stunning diamond ring, which honoured his mother, Princess Diana. Meghan Markle’s sparkler is worth an extravagant £120,000, according to diamond experts at Steven Stone. Design Bundles revealed earlier this year that her gorgeous engagement ring racks up over 20,000 Google searches every month. Meghan’s ring was followed by Kate Middleton’s, which pulls in around 8,200 searches a month. Kate's previously belonged to Princess Diana and has left a legacy that transcends time. READ MORE: Meghan Markle’s skincare secrets: Duchess shares her top tips In third place came film star turned royal Grace Kelly, who married Prince Rainier of Monaco. She boasted an engagement ring reportedly worth just over £3million. But why is the Duchess of Sussex’s ring so trendy? Design Bundles told Express.co.uk: “With few financial limits and a wealth of dazzlingly expensive precious gems passed down through the centuries, the Royal Family can enjoy what is definitively the finest, most enviable, and most unattainable collection of engagement rings in the world. “From The Queen’s glittering ring, with its 3ct diamond, plucked from the tiara of Princess Alice of Battenberg, to Princess Diana (and now Kate Middleton’s) iconic sapphire sparkler, each piece is more unique and extraordinary than the next. “However, the fact that Meghan Markle’s stunning trilogy engagement ring dominates over every other royal ring, even beating Princess Diana’s iconic Ceylon sapphire and diamond halo ring, which Prince William famously gave to Kate Middleton, is hugely revealing of the public’s fascination with her and every element of her style.” The ring is a glorious 6ct, cushion-cut diamond sourced from Botswana, where the royal couple had vacationed several times, including a safari trip for Meghan’s birthday. Prince Harry serves as a patron for Rhino Conservation Botswana and founded Sentebale, which supports the mental health and wellbeing of young people affected by HIV in Lesotho and Botswana. Harry always felt a special connection to the country having visited there after Diana’s passing. He said: “I came here in ’97, ’98 straight after my mum died.” The Prince called his visits “a sense of escapism” and “a real sense of purpose”. He continued: “It was a nice place to get away from it all but now I feel really connected to this place.” Sourcing the central diamond from Botswana connected his new wife to his mother. The central diamond is flanked by two smaller diamonds. In an added touch of sentimentality, the two smaller diamonds are from Princess Diana’s personal jewellery collection. When his mother passed away, Harry asked if he could keep Diana’s engagement ring, but in a gesture of brotherly love gave it to William before he proposed to Kate Middleton.