Millions of people on certain benefits could be making savings and put the money towards covering rising living costs and soaring energy bills.NHS prescription items are currently free for over 60s although a proposed policy change will increase the eligibility age to the state pension age, currently 66. This could be compounded by a potential 2.35 percent increase in price as the £9.35 per item bill may rise in April. As the cost of living crisis continues to put a squeeze on finances, people will be looking to save money where they can. While medication is essential for those who are ill or who have a long term condition, some groups of people could get free prescriptions for free. More than two million more people could be asked to pay for their medication if Government plans to bring the benefit in line with the state pension age get the green light. READ MORE: The ‘biggest ever’ Dragons’ Den deal - business sold for £12.5m in one year However, anyone who thinks they should be eligible can apply for the HC1 Low Income Scheme on the NHS website. Meanwhile, people who don’t qualify for help could still save money by purchasing a Prepayment Certificate (PPC). This would save someone £40 a year if they rely on one prescription per month. If they need two prescriptions per month, they could save £113.60 a year. There’s the option of purchasing a three month or 12 month certificate. A Department for Health and Social Care spokesperson said lots of people are exempt from paying for their prescriptions. They said: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age.” To check one’s eligibility for free prescriptions, people can use the NHS free prescription eligibility checker tool. Britons who rely on Pension Credit and Universal should get them for free. Millions of people who receive this Government help should receive a certificate through the post which shows they are exempt. If they haven’t, they can apply for an exemption certificate on the NHS website. It could save them hundreds of pounds over the course of 12 months - even more if they are also entitled to free dental care and glasses. As a rough guide, families whose income does not exceed £15,276 would usually qualify for this extra help.