Creating a statement in the home can be difficult, especially for those living in rental properties where there are sometimes restrictions on renovating and decorating. Making a statement or a feature can be even more tricky when you’re sticking to a tight budget. Interior designer and former professor at the Fashion Institute of Technology, Garry Cohn, has shared his simple yet effective hack for creating a “statement” in the home. Garry has over 30 years in the interior design industry where he has worked on luxury hotel, retail and residential projects. Originally from New York, Garry now resides in Dublin, Ireland and was a presenter on the hit TV series, Design Doctors. Garry said one of the keys to making a statement is using things that “look beautiful”. However, sometimes buying an “ugly” object can make a bigger statement. READ MORE: 'Now is the perfect time' to sow popular flower - 'really great'  The interior designer explained exclusively to Express.co.uk: “I’ve gone to so many boot sales and secondhand stores and just the simplest thing could make a space. “If you really want to make a statement - you can do this to your dining room table - go into a boot sale or shop and buy the ugliest vase you can find. “Put it on a table, put beautiful flowers in it. “That will become a conversation piece. People won’t know whether it’s ugly or if it’s fashionable. DON'T MISS‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fan shares 99p ‘game-changing’ tip to clean toilet brushes [ANALYSIS] “That’s what high-end designers do. You see it all the time.” The vase can be added to a dining room table, a side table, a coffee table or even a shelf. Garry said the reason this creates a statement is because people are not sure whether it’s a attractive or it’s just something they don’t like. The interior designer said he did an experiment with this concept and found that people ended up talking about the “ugly” vase. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He added: “You want people to talk about your things. “I got it at a secondhand store so when I’m done with it, I will donate it back.” Another way you can change up their spaces on a budget is by “looking at what you have”. Garry said it’s as simple as going around the house and taking note of what’s already there.  For those adding furniture to a room that already follows a colour palette, take the furniture from different parts of the house that matches and contrasts with the colour scheme and put them in the middle of the room. He said: “They came from different rooms so already you look like you went out and bought new things. “I’m sure you have all the things in your home to make a beautiful room, scattered in other rooms.” “It’s about looking at what you have and putting it together in a new way.”