Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's only daughter, Princess Charlotte, has impressed the public for years with her fun-loving attitude and signature attitude. And in December 2020, Kate and William were joined by Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis for a rare Cambridge family public outing, and Charlotte's bold personality was out in full force for the occasion. The Cambridge family attended a pantomime performance at the London Palladium hosted by the National Lottery, to thank key workers for their efforts during the pandemic. And according to a body language expert, Charlotte showed signs of being "bolder" than her two brothers during the outing Judi James said: "Back in 2020 the family at the panto showed a signature line-up for the Cambridges, with William holding George’s hand and Kate Louis’, while a slightly bolder Charlotte insisted on walking in front by herself. "George showed signs of mirroring his father’s grown-up body language but they did appear to be a very tight team of two here."  READ MORE: Prince Albert of Monaco announces sanctions on Russia Kate has previously alluded to her daughter's big personality, reportedly once telling a member of the public that Charlotte is "in charge" in the Cambridge household. Charlotte's outgoing nature has long been a source of joy for royal commentators, and the Princess has often made the press and public giggle with her adorable antics. Royal expert Katie Nicholl previously told the Mirror: "Charlotte is the most buoyant and outgoing of the three Cambridge children. "It’s that strength of character that will stand her in good stead when she’s older."  In comparison, Prince George has always appeared more reserved than his younger sister, but his close bond with dad William is clear for all to see. Express.co.uk also spoke to Ms James about Prince William and Prince George's body language at recent sporting fixtures too, including a Euro 2020 match last summer. In one snap from the England vs Germany match, William could be seen embracing his son as they celebrated a goal. Ms James said: "By the Euros of 2021, it was George rather confidently taking his place in between his parents and using gestures of enthusiasm, celebration and then disappointment as the scores changed.  DON'T MISS:'Sassy!' Princess Charlotte shows off strong personality' [ANALYSIS]William and Kate's fun pre-travel tradition with kids revealed [INSIGHT]Why Prince George might never be King [EXPLAINER] "William seemed proud of his son’s levels of public confidence, but there were still many shared moments between them, especially this loving hand placed on George’s chest as he applauded his team." George also recently joined William and Kate for a Six Nations England vs Wales match in February 2022, and it appeared the father and son's close bond was just as evident here. Ms James added: "At the Six Nations rugby this year, there are so many more signals of a friendship vibe as well as a father/son relationship, with William and George sharing moments and conversations more as equals. "It’s as though they’re enjoying each other’s company in a much more even way here, although the way William’s mouth muscles and facial features pucker in a suppressed smile define him as still every inch the proud dad too." 