Zara Tindall, 40, and Mike Tindall, 43, welcomed their third child Lucas at their family home inside the grounds of Gatcombe Park this time last year in March 2021. But before they moved into the property owned by Princess Anne, the couple resided at Hallery House in Cheltenham. According to one royal fan on Instagram, @alessiolaruffa, it was “pretty epic”.  The couple announced their engagement outside the house in December 2010, but the home itself remained private until it went up for sale years later. Zara and Mike sold the home for £1.2million in 2013, and by 2017 it was worth 1.69million. The property listing revealed photos of its jaw-dropping interiors, complete with a hot tub, cinema and gym.  READ MORE: Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it The townhouse is listed as a Grade II property, set over four floors with almost 5,000 square feet of space. Nick Chivers of Knight Frank who listed the property told the Daily Mail: "The Tindall's weren't here that long but they refurbished it to what it is now. “The current owners bought it from them and have gone on to improve it further by building a double garage which completes the package. “The house is detached, which is pretty rare for townhouses in Cheltenham, and there are lots of great amenities close by. “The basement could be used as a separate self-contained apartment, so it's a massively flexible property."  The stunning living room has triple floor to ceiling sash windows, intricate ceiling mouldings and a large wood burner in the centre of the room. Mike and Zara had also furnished the space with a unique coffee table made from pebbles and a glass top, sitting on top of a cowhide rug. Inside, the home has a spacious master bedroom, as well as six additional bedrooms.  The master suite has three enormous bay windows with sash shutters and is decorated with cream walls and wooden floors. Nick Chivers of Knight Frank added that Mike and Zara had designed the property to look exactly how it did at the time. "The Tindall’s did a great job of making it look very beautiful," he said. Another bedroom in the home follows the same muted colour scheme with a wooden bed frame and a cream chest of drawers painted with a floral design.  The master bathroom upstairs featured grey marble tiles, light grey walls, an enormous rainfall shower and a freestanding white bathtub. Mike and Zara also had their very own his and hers sinks. Mike and Zara's former property also boasted its very own home gym and a large jacuzzi. The Tindalls had their very own home cinema, with a large flatscreen projector screen, and a comfortable brown L-shaped sofa. Mike and Zara had a spiral staircase with a white wooden bannister, white stairs and a cream and brown stair runner. 