It is thought the decision was not due to any illness, but due to discussions about the comfort of getting the Queen to and from the service. Buckingham Palace announced that the Queen will not attend a Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey on Monday and will instead be represented by Prince Charles.  In a statement, the palace said she had made the decision after discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household. The Queen will, however, distribute her Commonwealth Day message as usual. The Palace announced in a statement: “After discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household, The Queen has asked The Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. “The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in person Audiences, in the week ahead.”  If attended, it would have been her first major engagement since contracting Covid-19 in February. The Prince of Wales was already scheduled to attend the service, along with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Alexandra. While the palace has not given a specific reason why the Queen will not be there, Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine told The Mirror that she believed the Queen would be “determined” to make the Thanksgiving service at Westminster Abbey dedicated to her late husband Prince Philip on March 29. Ms Seward said: “It would have been a huge wrench to miss the Commonwealth Day service but she is facing a dilemma these days where she must choose her engagements wisely.  READ MORE: Benefits cheat forced to sell home after claiming thousands from Spain “She will be very determined to make the Duke of Edinburgh’s Thanksgiving service later this month, which will be of incredible importance to her considering his funeral was so scaled back. “Her Majesty, I believe, is very like her mother, who was reluctant to use a wheelchair, so in her advancing years it’s about projecting herself as much as possible for the big occasions.” The Queen tested positive for Covid on February 20 and Buckingham Palace said at the time she was experiencing “mild cold-like symptoms”. She undertook light duties at Windsor, including sending a congratulatory message to the Team GB women's curling team after they won gold at the Beijing Winter Olympics and a weekly telephone audience with the prime minister.  DON'T MISS:Jacinda Arden’s party slips in polls amid spiralling Covid casesUkraine crisis has unveiled EU’s weak leadership Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin's war escalates - Belarus 'to join TONIGHT' She held her first in-person engagement with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at Windsor Castle on Monday after contracting the virus. During her meeting with Mr Trudeau, the Queen was not pictured with the walking stick she has been using of late and the pair shared a joke at the start of their meeting. Buckingham Palace has also revealed another member of the royal family contracted Covid after the Queen, Charles and Camilla all recently tested positive for the virus and later returned to royal duties. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester have also cancelled their attendance because the duke has tested positive for Covid-19. 