A short video was filmed by a passer-by showing at least 7 tanks on the back of HGV transporter trucks. One of the drivers can be heard saying: "We’re following the tanks into battle." Whilst another can be heard replying: “Literally, this is heading for the Russian border isn’t it?”  British troops and assets form a part of the NATO alliance. Royal Marines are currently part of a major operation in the Arctic Circle joining tens of thousands of NATO troops. With the invasion of Ukraine now into its second week, calls have been made by senior Conservative MPs to bolster British military support to Kyiv. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said last week western allies “will agree on a massive package of economic sanctions designed in time to hobble the Russian economy".  However, Conservative Party MP David Davis tweeted: “If we do not provide military support, more than 40 million Ukrainians will go from living in a democracy to living under a brutal dictatorship. “It is far too late to get boots on the ground, but it is not too late to provide air support to the Ukrainian army, which may neutralise Putin’s overwhelming armoured superiority.” The Ministry of Defence has announced various deployments of British troops around Eastern Europe. On the western border of Russia in Estonia, Britain has deployed both troops and Challenger tanks in support of NATO presence in the region. On standby in the North Sea is a flotilla from the Royal Navy. Ships include HMS Grimsby, HMS Northumberland and HMS Defender.  READ MORE:Russia 'thought it'd be greeted with flowers, not molotov cocktails’ The HMS Diamond, a Type 45 guided-missile destroyer, is also in the Mediterranean Sea along with HMS Echo. HMS Trent is also in the Mediterranean carrying a troop of Royal Marines. The Royal Navy’s two aircraft carriers, HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales are currently docked in Portsmouth. The latter is due to deploy later this month to join NATO exercises off the coast of Norway.  DON'T MISS:Russian rocket shrapnel lands in Zelensky's garden [REPORT]Putin taunts as Russian Aeroflot lands in Budapest [REVEAL]Truss jets to EU TODAY for urgent Putin talks [INSIGHT] The RAF has also maintained a high presence and remain on high alert. Typhoon jets based in Cyprus have seen four more units added to the current fleet of aircraft. British jets are also patrolling over Poland and Romania as part of a wider NATO operation. An RAF Poseidon based in Sicily is also on active patrol. Intelligence-gathering aircraft have been seen active near Ukraine. A Royal Air Force RC-135W Rivet Joint surveillance aircraft has flown several times since Russian forces invaded Ukraine.  The Army has been present in Estonia since 2017 as part of NATO’s Forward Presence operation. The UK has now deployed an additional 1,000 troops to Estonia, as well as further Challenger 2 tanks. In early February, an extra 350 troops were also sent to Poland, adding to the 100 troops already in the country. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said last week the UK’s deployments “constitute a credible deterrent to stop Russian aggression threatening the territorial sovereignty of member states.” 