Martin Lewis has offered to donate £50,000 of his own cash to a charity which offers financial advice. The Money Saving Expert admitted he was at breaking point after a “depressing” phone-in on This Morning amid the soaring cost of living. In view of his 1.3million followers, Martin tweeted on Thursday: “Bloody depressing @thismorning phone-in again. “So many people at crisis point regarding energy bills - including those with v high usage due to disabilities (home ventilators, oxygen concentrators, elec wheel chairs etc). “I am nearly OUT OF TOOLS to help,” he added. “Govt must intervene”.  (sic) Leeds-based financial advice charity Money Buddies replied: “We are in the same boat Martin. “We saw twice as many people than we expected to see in February, same again in March, and we have a huge waiting list of people desperate to see us who are vulnerable. “We are at breaking point... the state must intervene now…” Martin, whose net worth is a reported £123 million, wrote back: “If i were to donate £50,000 today would you be able to get things in place to relieve pressure at speed?” (sic) Money Buddies replied: “Yes we would Martin, we have trained advisers working part time who would quickly increase their hours....” Evidently having made his mind up, Martin responded: “Done. Money is ready to go. “I'm normally against impulse spending - but I'll let myself off this one  ;) “Only issue is we need to put your details on the system, if you can DM a contact number, I'll try and get you the money today.” DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [UPDATE]'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [LATEST]Will Smith fires back at Rebel Wilson's joke about his marriage [DEBATE] Showing their gratitude, the account for Money Buddies penned back: “Thank you so much Martin, this will certainly be very helpful indeed. “We keep meticulous records when we get donations like this. We (and our clients) are so so grateful.” Martin’s followers flocked to show their appreciation for the money expert’s kind gesture. Jean Davis wrote: “I like Martin’s response because he can see where a not insignificant sum of money can be immediately put to excellent use. “You have time to take a breath @LeedsMoneyBuddy and carry on your good work. “Many thanks to you and @MartinSLewis”. Michael Agboh-Davison added: “Great to see @MartinSLewis. “That money will make a HUGE difference in the most struggling communities in Leeds”. Debbie May penned: “Total respect for you Martin. So refreshing to see somebody who has all their priorities right”.