 Despite pressure from both business groups and many in his own party the Chancellor caused widespread disappointment last week when a delay in hikes to National Insurance and VAT were left out of the Spring Statement. From April 1, the reduced rate of VAT for the hospitality industry will end, seeing VAT rise from 12.5 percent to 20 percent, while from April 6 National Insurance will rise by 1.25 percentage points. Neil McKenzie, chief executive of pub chain Greene King, said: “The measures announced in the Spring Statement do not go far enough to support pubs. We’re disappointed that the Chancellor has failed to reverse the VAT rise for the hospitality sector, which is a bitter blow for UK pubs still struggling to recover following the pandemic.   “Coupled with rising prices across the supply chain, and disproportionately high business rates, the VAT hike is a missed opportunity for the industry and puts at risk the ability of UK pubs to fully recover from the pandemic, create jobs and support the wider economy.” With VAT increasing, hospitality businesses will be forced to choose between absorbing lower margins or passing the costs onto consumers. Meanwhile National Insurance stands to add further pressure to company wage bills. Raoul Perfitt, managing director of cosmetics manufacturer Herb UK, told Express.co.uk he is “disappointed” the Chancellor had not delayed the hike in National Insurance.   On top of the hike, he warned firms were also under pressure from the increase to the minimum wage also taking effect in April. He explained that, for many businesses, an increase to entry level wages would lead to pressure upwards with people at all levels expecting higher pay, adding to wage bills already inflated by higher national insurance. For businesses such as Herb UK these changes are coming at a time of soaring overheads with costs such as shipping and energy at record highs. With the combination of cost pressures now converging, concern has grown that thousands of small businesses and sole traders are at risk. Martin McTague, National Chair of the Federation of Small Businesses (FSB), warned: “There’s no use hiding from the facts though: this April flashpoint will push some firms to the brink.   “Spiralling energy costs are causing huge anxiety – small firms trying to navigate the market remain sandwiched between domestic consumers, who are protected by a price cap, and big corporates, which have leverage to secure the best deals.” Among measures offered by the Government so far has been a rise in the threshold of National Insurance, however questions have been raised as to how much this will outweigh the increase in rate. Jonathan Andrew, CEO of Bibby Financial services who work with small businesses, said: “While the Chancellor’s decision to cut National Insurance bills for employers by increasing the employment allowance will benefit some SMEs, without further immediate support, we risk genuinely undermining these crucial businesses and people and communities behind them. “The Government now needs to heed the concerns of SMEs across the country quickly and consider wider tax cuts and energy grants to help SMEs overcome challenges associated with rising inflationary pressures.” A key challenge remains the global nature of some pressures with energy prices continuing to be pushed higher by the conflict in Ukraine.  DON'T MISS: Households brace for ‘unprecedented energy shock’ tomorrow [LATEST] UK likely to avoid recession in 2022 [ANALYSIS] German inflation reaches 40 year high [SPOTLIGHT]   Mr Perfitt acknowledged many of the pressures were beyond the Chancellor’s control, with shipping costs having increased four fold and rental space having also “gone crazy”. He described the situation as one of “genuine concern” for small businesses. The FSB meanwhile pointed to figures from the ONS suggesting more than 250,000 firms currently fear imminent collapse. Further research by advisory firm Mazars has also revealed compulsory liquidations of struggling businesses increased from 139 to 245 between December and February. Michael Pallott, a partner at the firm, warned April would also see the end of Covid era insolvency protection measures which he described as coming at a “very bad time”. “Some (businesses) will reach the end of the road in the coming months” he warned, adding “With interest rates rising and inflation spiralling, a lot of businesses are looking at some very difficult months ahead.” 