The New Zealand free trade agreement, although welcomed by representatives of both nations, came with a warning on Monday. The National Farmers' Union (NFU) said the terms would encourage unfair competition in the sector, specifically in "beef and lamb, dairy and horticulture". Both the union and those within the industry had similar misgivings about the terms outlined in the UK's pact with Australia, arguing it did little to protect British standards. British and Australian ministers signed the new FTA on December 16, 2021, hailing it as a "world-class" document. The terms outlined the first joint trade deal made by British ministers following Brexit and came weeks before the first anniversary of leaving the EU. Government ministers hailed the partnership as an opportunity to set "new global standards" in work and travel for Britons and Aussies. At the time, they boasted it would ultimately unlock tens of billions of trade potential and save exporters on tariffs. READ MORE: Tory MP in furious warning at EU red tape holding back Brexit The deal's central promises included: A taxation bonfire - with tariffs removed for all UK exports Guaranteed access for UK firms to bid for £10 billion of Australian public sector contracts a year Free movement for young people to work and travel in Australia for up to three years Access for UK service suppliers to Australian visas without having to comply with the skilled occupation list The Government's impact assessment suggested the benefits would spread evenly across the UK, with added benefits for regions in its levelling up plans. Assessors said the terms would create the "greatest proportional gains" in the West Midlands and North East of England. Those two areas, the report adds, should receive between £195 million and £65 million each year. But the North West and South East receive much more, exposing a continued north-south divide with £190 million and £295 million benefits, respectively. The situation holds true with the New Zealand trade deal. The Government's impact assessment for the newest terms suggests the West Midlands and North East will benefit the most. The regions stand to receive gains "equivalent to around £47 million and £17 million each year" but on a "2019 basis". The North West will receive roughly £54 million, while the South East, once again, comes out on top with prospective gains of £85 million. London stands to receive the "largest absolute gains" of around £131 million. Other benefits touted by the new trading partners included: But in its own assessment, the Government said it expects the deal will cause harm to British farmers. Changes sparked by the new terms will spark a "reallocation of resources within the economy", ultimately knocking the agriculture and food-based sectors. They should take an approximate hit of £150 million, dwarfing total gains made in some regions. Most of the deal's significant benefits won't come into play until 2035 when it stands to add between 0.02 and 0.03 percent – £12 per person.