At least 136 people, including 13 children, have been killed during the Russian invasion and another 400 civilians have been injured, according to the United Nations. However, Western officials suggest Putin may order an escalation of violence in the war as he is becoming “increasingly frustrated”. According to reports, Putin has been “lash[ing] out in anger at underlings” over how his military campaign is going and the “worldwide condemnation of his actions”. Senator Mark Warner, the chairman of the Intelligence Committee, told MSNBC: “This is somebody that’s clearly been caught off guard by the size of the Ukrainian resistance. “He has isolated himself. He’s not been in the Kremlin very much.... You’ve got less and less inputs, and these inputs are from sycophants. “I do worry that he’s been backed into a corner. I do worry that there is no obvious exit ramp.” Meanwhile, former Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko said "we are not afraid of Putin" and "Putin is weak when we are together". Speaking to FRANCE 24 from the streets of Kyiv, he said he hoped Western support to Ukraine would stop "the attempt of Putin to ignite World War III". The former president went on to say that he wanted Ukraine to join NATO and the EU, calling for "immediate candidate status" of the latter bloc. Mr Poroshenko said Putin made "many mistakes and underestimated the Ukrainian army". He added that Putin did not expect such strong international solidarity with Ukraine. READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Desperate Putin arresting children Tom Nichols, writer at The Atlantic, suggested Putin was “holding a weak hand”, but is still threatening an “insanely dangerous game”. He said: “The missiles and bombers are pointed at us, not the people of Moscow. “Putin is playing an insanely dangerous game here. He’s holding a weak hand and yet threatening to go all in. “This is yet more evidence that years of isolation, in which his only contact is with sycophants and security guards, have taken their toll on his mental state.” Timothy Noah, author of The Great Divergence: America’s Growing Inequality Crisis and What We Can Do About It’, also wrote in The New Republic “there’s bound to be some disruption to the oil market” from sanctions and other measures. He said: “Russia has all the oil right now that it could possibly want, and as I write this, the price is close to $100 a barrel. “What Russia doesn’t have, and will have a hard time acquiring for the next while, is money. It never had much to begin with, and now the West has put a great deal of it out of reach. “That means that in the short term, and possibly in the longer one, Russia lost more from this war than it could ever have hoped to gain. “Putin dreams of restoring Imperial Russia, but you can’t run an empire without money.” It comes as Defence Secretary Ben Wallace rejected calls for a no-fly zone to be imposed by Nato forces over Ukraine. He said this would likely trigger a Europe-wide conflict with a nuclear-armed power, and told the BBC it would be a tactical benefit to the Russian invading forces. He said: “If you had a no-fly zone in Ukraine, the overwhelming scale of the Russian army would be able to drive around with impunity, which it can't at the moment.”