Defence Secretary Ben Wallace discussed Putin's arrogance and pointed out clear miscalculations on Russia's Presidents' military plan. Vladimir Putin has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine for the past 13 days. The Defence Secretary explained that Russian troops were already exhausted and that Putin's plan would cause Russian forces to turn in on themselves, which should grind the war to a halt. BBC Radio 4's Today host Mishal Husain said: "When and how do you believe this war will come to an end?" Mr Wallace said: "Either when the Russian forces are so stuck and depleted that the Russian armed forces effectively turn in on itself. "And the generals get blamed, and then it grinds to a halt. "Or Russia imposes its total will, which it has already tried to do by trying to break the people of Ukraine. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR LIVE RUSSIA-UKRAINE BLOG Mr Wallace added: "Putin won't break the people of Ukraine but as Lees saying he's doing everything to break their countries infrastructure and their supply lines for food. "I think that is how he's going to try, I think what we should recognise and as Lees said, there is no infrastructure left in many of these countries. "The cost for Putin is not just in the invasion, it's going to be in the decades of occupation which I don't think he'll be able to sustain. "I think we'll see him and his forces already, exhausted.  READ MORE: Vladimir Putin is 'running out of troops' as crucial Russian military misstep exposed Mr Wallace added: "And if you think it takes 150,000 as he thinks it does to invade a country where he was arrogantly thinking they would welcome him as a liberator, you try occupying a country the size of France and Germany put together with 44m. "This will be Putin's end, this country and so it should be. "Because if not only their spirit and their moral component that they have on their side, the Ukrainians but also because it will be an impossible task to occupy such a people and a country." President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky addressed the cases of Russian soldiers losing morale and putting down their weapons on the battlefield. DON’T MISS: Cornered Putin planning to 'break Ukrainian spirit' with vicious weapons, ex-defence bossPutin 'preparing nuclear facilities' for some areas to survive amid fears of WW3Putin warns: Russia to 'turn the lights out' for Ukraine after taking power plant Mr Zelensky said: "We will not forgive the destroyed houses. We will not forgive the missile that our air defence shot down over Okhmatdyt today. And more than five hundred other such missiles that hit our land. All over Ukraine .. hit our people and children. "We will not forgive the shooting of unarmed people. Destruction of our infrastructure. "We will not forgive hundreds and hundreds of victims. Thousands and thousands of sufferings. "And God will not forgive. Not today. Not tomorrow. Never. And instead of Forgiveness, there will be a Day of Judgment. I’m sure of it.”