The ever-increasing cost of petrol and diesel is leading electric vehicles to become more sought after, and EV owners are finding they are able to charge well over market value for their used battery-powered cars. Teslas are especially desirable to those who are fed up with the record cost of fossil fuels. It is believed that the average motorist would save around £1,000 per year in running costs by switching to an EV. That’s despite the cost of electricity also going up together with gas and oil as the cost of living spirals. The conflict in Ukraine has led to the cost of nickel - a metal used in manufacturing EVs, 20 percent of which is produced by just one Russian company - has shot up even more than oil. That’s driving the price of new EVs up just as many thought the cost would begin to come down to the petrol or diesel equivalent. READ MORE: 'About time' New speed camera catches red light jumpers The likes of Tesla now have seven-month waiting lists for their models in many countries, and so as with most cars, many buyers are turning to the used market instead of waiting. But canny EV owners who can afford to cash in on the petrol and diesel prices are not only selling their cars at higher prices, but also asking for money to transfer their existing orders for new EVs. The current waiting time in the US for a Tesla Model 3 is July, while those who ordered a Modely Y will be waiting until August. Times are slightly better in the UK with current orders advised on June delivery. DON'T MISSNew driving law has one major exemption with rule change weeks away [INSIGHT]What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [WARNING]New red diesel rule is a 'cash grab' with law change weeks away [SHOCKING] Sales of EVs in the UK have risen 75 percent in just the past year. Last month saw records broken as EV sales made up almost 20 percent of new car sales. Recent research showed the public are now more likely to buy an EV than they are to use public transport. And they are now 5 percent more likely to buy a new EV than a new petrol or diesel car. More EVs are now sold globally each month than were sold in the entirety of 2012. Jamie Hamilton, automotive director and head of electric vehicles at Deloitte, said record-high fuel prices will likely drive an increasing number of consumers towards Battery Electric Vehicles. He said: “There is no sign of EV sales slowing down and, with both petrol and diesel tipping past £1.50 per litre this week, some consumers will likely be considering the savings they could be making by switching to electric sooner rather than later.” Currently there are 22 charging stations in the UK for every EV registered. Mike Hawes, Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders chief executive, has called on additional infrastructure investment to ensure the charging network keeps pace with the number of plug-in cars on the road. He said: “Government must use its upcoming Spring Statement to enable this transition, continuing support for home and workplace charging, boosting public chargepoint rollout to tackle charging anxiety and, given the massive increase in energy prices, reducing VAT on public charging points.” “This will energise both consumer and business confidence and accelerate our switch to zero emission mobility.”