Petrol prices have reached a new high of more than 163p per litre, forcing millions of Brits to pay out even more while filling up their vehicle. While driving less frequently is one way to keep costs down, using alternative forms of transport isn’t possible for everyone. Luckily there are a number of economical ways to preserve your petrol supply while driving, but what are they? Express.co.uk reveals five key hacks to make your petrol go further. Latest figures from data firm Experian Catalist have shown yet another sharp rise in forecourt petrol prices over the weekend. The company revealed that petrol has reached a new high of 163.5p per litre as of Sunday, March 13. Diesel has also risen to an average of 173.4p per litre. In London, petrol peaked to more than £2 per litre as a result of sky-rocketing oil prices triggered by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: The best EVs you can buy for under £20,000 Decreasing your fuel consumption is the best way to save money on petrol, but there are also a number of clever ways to make your vehicle more fuel-efficient while making essential journeys. Tim Alcock from LeaseCar.uk and LeaseElectricCar.co.uk said: “Despite the dramatic increase there are still driving techniques and habits motorists can utilise to help make fuel last longer.” “Most modern vehicles will have a system that measures your mpg (miles per gallon) which is a good indication on how efficiently you’re driving. “Other behaviours such as acceleration and braking times are also good things to keep an eye on in order to conserve fuel.” If you haven’t checked your tyres in a while, now is a great time to give them a once over and pump them up if necessary. Be careful not to over-inflate your tyres either as this could cause significant damage to your vehicle. Halfords National Tyres stated that: “Over inflated tyres will cause rapid wear in the centre of the tyre, as reduced traction puts more pressure on the centre of the tyre. “The decrease in contact with the road causes the engine to work harder, increases fuel consumption and may affect braking performance, so doing simple checks will not only keep you safe, but also save you money.” Keep your tyres in optimum condition by checking them every couple of weeks to make sure they’re at the right pressure level for your vehicle. DON'T MISS:Drivers demand VAT cut as petrol and diesel prices smash records [INSIGHT]E10 biofuels could be worse for environment than thought [REVEAL]Drivers can cut petrol and diesel costs with fuel hack [ANALYSIS] Air conditioning is the easiest way to blast hot or cold air in your car, but it could be costing you more than you realise. While using this simple feature is necessary to clear windows on a cold morning, it should always be used sparingly if you’re looking to cut back on your fuel consumption. Make use of fresh air by opening your windows to cool down your car and layer up to avoid using the heated settings. The more energy you use, the quicker your fuel will disappear. Just as your tyres will feel the pressure when they’re under or over-inflated, your car will struggle to run efficiently when it is weighed down. Try to keep any unnecessary weight out of your car to reduce the amount of fuel used on your journey. While motor vehicles are ideal for running errands, making lots of small journeys could quickly stack up the cost of driving your own car. Combine your journeys where possible to make fewer trips, or park in a central area and walk to your destinations if you have a number of places in close proximity. Longer, fluid journeys are more fuel efficient as they require less energy to start up the engine compared to short “stop and start” trips. Smooth driving is not only safer for other road users, but it will also save you money on fuel in the long run. The team at NetVoucherCodes.co.uk said: “If you’re racing around in your car, chances are you are using a lot more fuel. “Try to drive smoothly and consistently, avoid sharp braking, drive at a consistent speed and avoid unnecessary overtaking.” Changing gear earlier will also make your car more fuel efficient, so keep your revs low on the speedometer. A lot of newer cars will indicate on the dashboard when you should move into higher or lower to help with this, so pay close attention while embarking on journeys with varying speed limits.