Lando Norris believes McLaren are set for ‘more pain’ after they endured a terrible start to the 2022 Formula 1 season - and new era of the sport. Norris qualified in P13 but finished 15th in the season-opening race, one spot behind teammate Daniel Ricciardo. The charismatic driver duo were running in 18th and dead last at one point in the race after starting on the medium tyre compound. Their gamble did not pay off. In a stark contrast to recent seasons, Mercedes appears to have taken a step back with its power unit. McLaren use the German manufacturer’s engine, and Norris believes it could be the start of a long process. “I’m expecting pain, and I think everyone needs to know there’s probably going to be a bit of pain,” Norris said. “As McLaren, and myself, we expect a lot more, but it’s not what we have at the minute, we have to get used to it, we’ve been in this position a few years ago but we have to remain optimistic the team and everyone back at MTC can figure things out and we can get back on track.” READ MORE: Brundle's Mercedes comment will be like music to Hamilton's ears With the new era of regulations upon us, teams could improve immensely as they get to grips with their machinery. McLaren will look to return to form in the season, although Norris admitted the team will have to ‘start fresh’ in order to turn it around. “I’m sure it looked as bad as it felt,” Norris commented. “This is where we are, quite simply, we just have to get a little bit used to it now. “Of course, over the last few seasons there’s been a lot of expectation from us within the team but also everyone else watching and we just haven’t got it right at the minute. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton given two reasons to be hopeful of better things F1 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix releases statement after missile attackF1 news: Wolff hints at Hamilton and Russell clashes on the horizon “We’re a long long way off, not a little bit, a long way. we’ve got to start fresh, figure things out, find solutions. Solutions don’t mean next week we’re going to be amazing but in months to come we need to understand what’s going on here and how to get better.” For 2022, all engines on the grid must run with E10 fuel which is believed to be one reason why Mercedes-powered teams struggled in Bahrain. However, Norris didn’t want to blame the engine manufacturer, adding: “We’re a long way down on downforce, the handling is very poor, it’s a tricky car and tricky tyres to optimise and when you just don’t have the downforce you can't get the tyres working well and get everything in a good window, you’re understeering, oversteering… we need less things going on, we need more rear, more front, just downforce really. Sounds simple but obviously complicated to figure it out.”