BBC podcast host Deborah James penned an emotional Instagram post as she revealed to her followers she “sobbed uncontrollably for an hour” today. The BBC podcast host, 40, is battling bowel cancer and after having a port in her chest removed, she had a a peripherally inserted central catheter line (PICC) line inserted into her arm. PICCs administer chemotherapy treatment and other medicines to patients. And getting it inserted was a tough ordeal for Deborah, who was recently rushed to hospital with an infection. Sharing a photo of the device in her arm, Deborah told her 395,000 followers: “Welcome to the family! “We’ll call her pickle the picc! “So picc lines are really standard lines to have with cancer treatment (think most patients will have on if not a port). “It’s supposed to be a simple 10 minute procedure,” she continued. “Obviously with me it wasn’t and yes I cried (sobbed uncontrollably in fact for an hour).” The former deputy head teacher added: “But it’s in, job done! “And the plan is now to use it to feed me up like a Christmas turkey!” Deborah was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in December 2016. She was warned she might not live beyond five years - but has already passed her prognosis. The star recently sparked concern when she explained she had been rushed to hospital earlier this week. Deborah shared a candid update from her hospital bed where she explained that she had suffered a high fever. DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [LATEST]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [UPDATE]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT]  As a result of the infection, the mum-of-two had been advised to have her port removed. Sharing a photo alongside her mum while in her hospital bed, Deborah began: "Been hanging with mum! @bowelgran. "Basically, to cut a long story short! The infection we've been trying to keep at bay with IV antibiotics - well it didn't work! "And on Tuesday I became septic with 40 degree fevers and really unwell. But the team at the @royalmarsden have been incredible and I was admitted on Tuesday." In a second photo, the cancer campaigner shared a photo of the port attached to her chest. She wrote: "Since then we have found out I have a few sources of infection. So yesterday I had my port out. Gutted! “Five years this baby has served me well - but right now I need it out to stop an infection - I was actually so sad! Can have another one soon!” Deborah added: "We also found out that my main source of infection in my liver which we've known about - due to the iV antibiotics created an abscess - so it's been drained for a few days to help it heal faster! “But almost immediately improved my infection."