Geopolitical tensions have only deepened the financial crises faced by millions, rocking an already vulnerable system. A knock-on effect of the conflict in Russia is a western movement away from services offered by the Eastern European nation, which primarily include gas and petrol. As they remove themselves from the extensive network and look for new sources, prices for each have unfortunately surged. On Sunday, petrol prices reached £1.63 per litre, a 3p increase on the previous week. Diesel reached a similarly devastating new high of £1.73 a litre, and experts are split about where these prices could go next. While there is a scope for a short-term decline in the days to come, the present trend could be the calm before the storm. READ MORE: Boris in bid to strike breakthrough deal with Saudis to pump more oil In the immediate future, experts from the AA believe they could briefly fall. Luke Bosdet, a spokesman for the agency, said prices have varied wildly across the UK. He said a wholesale cost slump of 10.6p per litre last week produced "bizarre" pricing anomalies that meant prices at one location in a single town varied by up to £1 between pumps. Mr Bosdet added that the AA would expect the prices to "stabilise" or "even fall back" as stations receive cheaper deliveries following the jump. But it likely won't last, as, in the next few weeks or months, prices could nearly double. Earlier today, MPs from the Treasury select committee heart testimony from economy and energy sector analysts on where the crisis will go next. They said petrol prices could conceivably increase thanks to global tensions. Nathan Piper, oil and gas research chief at Investec bank, told the committee that consumers should prepare for "continued rises". When asked what the potential price ceiling could be, he asked them to "pick a number", highlighting industry uncertainty. Nathan Piper, the head of oil and gas research at Investec bank said: “Consumers need to get ready for continued rises in fuel prices." Dr Amrita Sen, the chief oil analyst at Energy Aspects, said her firm assumed that oil could "easily" surge another 50 percent. Should that come to pass, it could leave people paying up to £2.40 for a single litre of petrol, Dr Sen added. And she confirmed that £2.50 or £3 would be "within the realms of possibility”. Remedying the situation, Dr Sen said, would likely require the UK Government to follow Germany. The country's leadership has implemented rationing measures designed to reduce industry wholesales. Mr Piper offered an alternative solution that again placed the industry at its centre, as he suggested releasing petrol and crude oil stockpiles.