The BBC reached a "settlement" with Patrick Jephson, who was the private secretary to the late Princess of Wales at the time. The public broadcaster apologised "unreservedly" to Commander Jephson following the publication of the Dyson Report. Lord Dyson's damning report into British journalist Martin Bashir's conduct in gaining an interview with Princess Diana was published in May 2021. A BBC statement said: "The BBC and Commander Patrick Jephson have reached a settlement following publication of the Dyson Report. "Commander Jephson was the Private Secretary to Diana, Princess of Wales. "The BBC accepts and acknowledges that serious harm was caused to Commander Jephson as a result of the circumstances in which the 1995 interview with Diana, Princess of Wales was obtained, which have become apparent as a result of the Dyson Report.  "The BBC apologises unreservedly to Commander Jephson for the harm caused to him and has paid his legal costs. "The BBC has also paid Commander Jephson a substantial sum in damages, which he intends to donate in full to British charities nominated by him." Retired judge Lord Dyson found the BBC had not met "high standards of integrity and transparency" over the interview, and that Bashir's "deceitful" conduct in falsifying documents had left to him obtaining the interview. In Lord Dyson's report, it was concluded that Bashir had deceived Diana's brother, Earl Spencer, by displaying false bank statements that incorrectly suggested a number of people close to the princess - including Mr Jephson - were monitoring Diana in exchange for payment. READ MORE: Prince Harry memoir: Duke 'fed up' William 'always has it better'   The report said the journalist then lied to BBC superiors, saying he had not shown any falsified documents to anyone. Earl Spencer told Lord Dyson that the fake bank account statements were used “to groom me, so that [Bashir] could then get to Diana for the interview he was always secretly after”. He added:  “It hooked me in. I was duped. "He very cleverly came to me on my number one bugbear: the bad behaviour of the press, which is of course ironic.” DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'What a d**k move' Harry and Meghan skewered [LIVE] Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Queen ‘came close to breakdown’ after plot against Prince Charles [REVEAL] Earl Spencer tweeted on Thursday: "The right result - appalling what Patrick Jephson had to go through as a result of grotesque “journalism”. "Also terrible that it was covered up for so long by senior people at the ⁦@BBCNews - there will be more to come out on all this, before long." The BBC has written to numerous members of the Royal Family, including Princess Diana's brother, Earl Spencer, to apologise. Bashir has said faking the documents was a "stupid thing to do", but denied they influenced Diana's decision to take part in the interview.   The interview drew the infamous line from Princess Diana as she discussed her marriage to Prince Charles: "There were three of us in this marriage." Commander Jephson said the interview, once it aired, "destroyed remaining links with Buckingham Palace".  Diana's former private secretary added that, because of the fallout from the interview, the late Princess of Wales lost "the royal support structure that had guided and safeguarded her for so many years". This "inevitably made her vulnerable to people who didn't have her best interests at heart, or were unable properly to look after her", he added. Lord Dyson's report added that an internal investigation by the BBC in 1996 was "woefully ineffective". 