Queen Elizabeth II, 95, celebrates her Platinum Jubilee this year marking her historic 70-year reign. Now Britain’s longest-serving monarch, she succeeded her father King George VI as Sovereign after his death on February 6, 1952. Throughout her life the Queen has witnessed major global events, from the break-up of the British Empire to the pandemic. She has also seen 14 different UK prime ministers elected and has met 13 US presidents. The royal historian, who knows Her Majesty personally, helped plan her last three jubilees and has helped promote the Platinum Jubilee. He told Express.co.uk: “I understand that she greatly enjoyed her meeting with Trump. “And when he went to tea with her at Windsor Castle, she kept him there for an extra ten or 15 minutes. “She may just have been amused by him, but he would have been terribly excited to see her. “But I do think that especially the second visit, the state visit, I understand from people who know her that she thought he behaved really very well and actually it was all a great success. “He couldn’t have been nicer about her in his speech.” Mr Vickers also discussed Trump’s alleged misstep as he appeared to stride ahead of her Majesty during her and Trump’s guard of honour at Windsor. He said: “Normally, when the guard of honour was done, it was usually Prince Philip, who would take the visiting head of state to inspect the guard of honour. “He wasn’t there, and the Queen was there. And in a sense, it looked as if Trump stepped in front of her and she was trying to move him around. “But she would have thoroughly enjoyed all that, I can assure you.” DON’T MISSHave Your Say: Should Queen allow Meghan and Harry to return part-time after US snub? [LATEST]Prince William’s friends had ‘a problem’ with Kate: ‘Social divide created tensions’  [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] Trump’s first official visit to the UK was not the full state visit afforded to other foreign leaders visiting the Queen. However, in 2019, the US leader was again hosted by the Queen during a much-delayed full state trip to the UK. In an interview with Fox News after his visit, Trump claimed he and the monarch shared an “automatic chemistry”. He told the broadcaster’s Laura Ingraham: “The meeting with the Queen was incredible. “I think I can say I really got to know her because I sat with her many times and we had automatic chemistry, you will understand that feeling. “It’s a good feeling. But she’s a spectacular woman.” He also denied he ‘fist-bumped’ the Queen after pictures showed him giving her an awkward handshake.