The SNP Minister while speaking on an interview on ITV said “the West has to keep its mind open to every way in which Ukraine can be helped”. She said: “I understand and I share the concerns about a direct military confrontation between Russia and NATO that a no-fly zone may lead to.  “Nobody wants to see an escalation of that nature. “But on the other hand, Putin is not acting in any way rationally or defensibly. “We have a situation right now where perhaps the only thing nuclear weapons are deterring is the ability to properly and directly help Ukraine.” Her comments did not go down well with Alister Jack, the Scottish Secretary, who described her comments as “utterly irresponsible and completely naive”.   Writing for the Telegraph, Alan Cochrane said: “The First Minister thinks that having warplanes, including British ones, taking on, and possibly shooting down, Vladimir Putin’s planes is worth ‘serious consideration’. “It’s a truly astonishing suggestion that was being described by enemies and one-time supporters alike as another piece of grandstanding by someone who appears to be desperately seeking a niche for herself on the international stage. “However, this is the same woman who said that she would strip an independent Scotland of the protection of Britain’s nuclear deterrent whilst banning the Trident submarine fleet from its Scottish bases.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has repeatedly called for Western backing for a no-fly zone for Russian aircraft, hoping to stem Vladimir Putin’s aerial bombardment of the country. READ MORE: Question Time: 'I almost laughed' EU row erupts - fiery backlash  Mr Cochrane continued: “But it is a step the West has been unwilling to take, as it would require military enforcement from the likes of NATO and the EU, escalating the conflict. “In an equally bizarre comment, she insisted that because Russia and NATO countries – such as the US, UK and France – possessed nuclear weapons, they were the only thing deterring ‘proper help’ for Ukraine. “This incredibly stupid statement chose to ignore the fact that the sole purpose of Britain’s nuclear weapons was to deter attack by our enemies, principally Russia. “It was a bizarre, if not downright stupid, intervention by the SNP leader. Although she’s as tough as old boots, politically she’s never expressed such hawkish military sentiments before.” DON'T MISS:‘Atlantic storms’ and ‘Icelandic fronts’ set to batter BritainBrits can house Ukrainian refugees after Priti Patel came under fireKamala Harris slammed for laughing after question on Ukraine refugees The Op-Ed posed serious questions to Ms Sturgeon regarding the comments she had made. Mr Cochrane ended: “It is for the First Minister to explain her extraordinary statement, which is a dramatic change of tune for a party that has traditionally been enormously reluctant to support the British Government in any foreign entanglement. “If her words mean anything, she seems prepared to go farther than either the UK or the US would wish. Is she prepared for the consequences?” 