Sergiy Kyslytsya announced the International Court of Justice will hold a public hearing on March 7-8 about claims of genocide committee by Russia in Ukraine. He said: "What an irony when victims of Nazis are being killed for a second time by Nazi modern followers. "It is already clear the goal of Russia is not an occupation only. "It is genocide." Ukraine is on the brink of a "humanitarian catastrophe", Britain's UN Ambassador Dame Barbara Woodward has warned an emergency meeting of the Security Council. As Russia continues its assault on the eastern European country, Dame Barbara was among those at the UN to accuse the Kremlin of launching "indiscriminate attacks against men, women and children" and violating international humanitarian law. READ MORE: Jeremy Vine outrage over Russian soldier's death remarks She said: "As a result of President Putin's decision to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, a country of 44 million people is now on the brink of humanitarian catastrophe. "Missiles have rained down on Kharkiv, with cluster munitions hitting residential areas and injuring residents. Disruption to supply chains has caused food shortages in Kramatorsk. "The reckless bombing of an oil depot in Vasylkiv, has unleashed toxic fumes in nearby communities. "Violence in Kyiv has forced people to seek refuge underground, with many thousands, including the elderly and disabled, unable to evacuate." The UK permanent representative to the UN told the Security Council added that "hundreds of civilians had been killed as a result of the Russian invasion" and seven million people had been displaced, with the figure "rising exponentially". Mr Kyslytsya told the council that Kyiv was "sitting within Russian crosshairs right now" and that 352 people, including 16 children, had been killed as of Monday in the fighting. He accused Moscow troops of attacking hospitals and ambulances in a determination to "kill civilians", adding: "There is no debate. These are war crimes." DON'T MISS Why Ukraine will not be joining EU soon [INSIGHT]Andriy Shevchenko in touching interview with family stranded in Kyiv [VIDEO]‘It will embolden the fight’ Russian diplomat lashes out at UN [ANALYSIS] But Vasily Nebenzya, the Russian UN permanent representative, said his country's armed forces did "not have the goal of occupying Ukraine or harming the local population". The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court said he plans to open an investigation "as rapidly as possible" into possible war crimes and crimes against humanity in Ukraine. Boris Johnson, in a call on Monday with world leaders from the G7, Nato and the European Union, stressed the need for allies to continue to provide Kyiv with defensive weapons. He also said Ukraine's neighbours would require support to deal with "large numbers of Ukrainians escaping violence".