After landing on Fox in January, The Cleaning Lady took the platform by storm with viewers hooked by the unparalleled storyline. On Monday, the season finale of the thrilling series came to an end with a brutal cliffhanger, which left fans wondering if it would return for a second instalment.  WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Cleaning Lady. The Cleaning Lady followed the story of a doctor Thony De La Rosa (played by Elodie Yung) who was living in Las Vegas as an undocumented immigrant with her son Luca. She arrived from Cambodia with her ailing son, so he could receive medical attention for his rare and dangerous immunodeficiency disease. However, after being failed by the system she was forced to go into hiding and reluctantly decided to become a cleaning lady for a mob. With unprecedented twists and turns, she ended up attracting the attention of the FBI after forging her own path in the crime. READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? After discovering her son had been kidnapped, the series undoubtedly sets up for a second series, which could see her embark on a Taken-esque journey. However, the finale aired without any news about the show’s renewal or cancellation. As the series hit the screens each week, it got off to a strong start and maintained a reasonably high viewership throughout its 10 episodes. In January, The Futon Critic reported The Cleaning Lady premiere was Fox’s highest-rated new drama debut in two years, with a rating of 0.5 and an audience total of 3.6 million in Live+Same day totals  With the series off to a good start, its executive producers Melissa Carter and Miranda Kwok spoke to TV Line and shed light on a potential season two. When asked if they had received any news from the network, Carter responded: “It looks very positive, but they do want to hear our Season 2 pitch, which Miranda and I are working on. "They’re very happy with the numbers, they’re very happy with the Hulu streaming numbers, so fingers crossed we’ll get a pickup… People just don’t watch TV as much on the night, but people are watching it after." Kwok added: “And honestly, they’ve been really excited about this show from the beginning, even from when it was first pitched.  DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly red-faced as Mr Motivator demands apology [INSIGHT]Head: Bridgerton season 2: Lady Whistledown identity to be exposed? [THEORY]The Last Kingdom teases return for sixth outing despite Netflix ending [INSIGHT] “Right before the pandemic, it was the first drama pilot that got picked up. “They’ve been in full support of this project, and then they were happy with what we delivered, and the last piece is the numbers.” Their effort had clearly paid off, as The Cleaning Lady became the highest debut of any FOX show since 9-1-1: Lone Star which premiered in 2020. Before Thony made the chilling discovery about Luca it was going well for her as she had managed to free herself from a tough legal situation.  She was able to gain access to the Barsamian syndicate’s substantial finances and was now in control of them. Thony also escaped the attention of FBI Agent Garrett Miller (Oliver Hudson), who coerced her into working as an informant. There was also a romance between Thony and Arman Morales (Adan Canto) which was threatened after her estranged husband Marco (Ivan Shaw) made it into the USA. For now, fans will have to keep their eyes peeled for an official announcement for season two. The Cleaning Lady is available on FOX in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 