Christopher Steele said he believed Putin has “overreached” in his invasion of Ukraine. He added the Russian leader will not be able to restore his image on the international stage – or, indeed, at home, where he predicted a “change of regime”. The former head of MI6’s Russia division told Sky News on Thursday: “I think Putin can’t be resurrected, as it were, on the international community. “I don’t see him surviving this in the long term. “I think we’ve gone over a watershed here.” He added that if Russian forces are failing in their objectives, more brutality can be expected in the short-term. But in the long-term, pressures from the West could result in a major overhaul in the Kremlin. Mr Steele said: “My view is… in the short-term we are going to see increased brutality from Russian forces and atrocities in Ukraine. “But in the longer term, the economy and the sanctions and his isolation, both cultural and economic in the world, will tell and will lead to a change of regime in Russia.” This short-term/long-term dichotomy has, however, also been used to cast doubt on the impact of sanctions imposed against the Russian people. READ MORE: Putin fearing Russia backlash: 'Riot police everywhere!' Macroeconomist Philip Pilkington wrote in UnHerd earlier this week: “Many [sanctions] to hurt Russia in the short-term but weaken us in the long-term. “Not so with the recent oil and gas embargoes announced against Russia by the United States and the United Kingdom. “These policies seem designed to strengthen the Russian economy and weaken our own in both the short-term and the long-term.” There is also a rather sizeable gap between the various estimation of how far Russian troops have penetrated into Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] This is particularly true between Russian and Ukrainian reports, with both sides incentivised to over/under play the situation, respectively. It is perhaps most reasonable to presume the truth – if it can be realised in the midst of things – lies somewhere in the middle. Kyiv is holding bravely, though it appears Russian units are advancing – by about three miles over the past 24 hours, according to Sky News. This would put their troops only around nine miles from the centre of the city, with others understood to be approaching from two lines east of the capital. The latest intelligence update from the UK Ministry of Defence highlights the Russian advance has been “hampered” by “logistical issues” and a “strong Ukrainian resistance”. But it added Russian ground forces are making progress, however “limited”.