Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has confirmed his desire to sell the European champions because of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. After 19 long years at the helm, many have evaluated the arrivals the Saratov-born oligarch has sanctioned in his time at Stamford Bridge. Express Sport takes a look at how his most expensive signings have fared in the famous blue and white. Romelu Lukaku - 5/10 Lukaku rejoined Chelsea in the summer with huge expectations after becoming their record signing from Inter Milan for a fee of £98million. After a superb start, the Belgian has slowed down in recent weeks having scored just two league goals in his last 14 games, with just 11 overall in 30. And Blues fans will be hoping he improves soon before their striking woes become a real cause for concern.  JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season  Kai Havertz - 6/10 Havertz was a player who showed real promise at Bayer Leverkusen upon his £73m arrival, having scored 46 goals in just 150 games for Die Werkself. Yet just nine goals in 45 games meant he also endured a tough start to life in west London under Frank Lampard. His return of seven in 31 this season is slightly better however, and the German scored the winners in the Champions League and Club World Cup finals to single-handedly make Thomas Tuchel's men champions of the world.  DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  Kepa Arrizabalaga - 3/10 Kepa had huge pressure on him from the off after he signed for £71m from Athletic Bilbao in 2018. After a poor start to life in the famous blue and white, the Spaniard was replaced by Edouard Mendy in 2020 and has made just 29 appearances in the least two seasons with the majority of those being in cup competitions. And after his penalty shootout shocker against Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday, he has reached his lowest point yet as the man once thought to be Petr Cech's long-term replacement between the sticks. Alvaro Morata - 4/10 Chelsea had long had a striking case on them prior to Morata's arrival. Bar the brilliance of Didier Drogba, world stars such as Andriy Shevchenko, Hernan Crespo, Adrian Mutu and Christian Pizarro all failed to make their name at Stamford Bridge. Morata followed in their footsteps by scoring just 24 goals in 72 games after his £58m move and was subsequently sold to Atletico Madrid after just two years.  Christian Pulisic - 8/10 Pulisic is arguably the first name on this list who has been worth the fee Chelsea paid for him. The American signed from Borussia Dortmund for £57m in 2018 and made his debut in 2019 under Frank Lampard. With 21 goals in 100 games from the wing, he has added a new dynamic to Chelsea's team, with his performances in Europe last season giving Chelsea the foundations to win their second European title. Fernando Torres - 4/10 Torres is the go-to name when mentioning Chelsea's most expensive flops, despite winning the FA Cup and the Champions League. Having become of the Premier League's best strikers for Liverpool by scoring 65 league goals in just 102 games, he made the move to west London for a then-astronomical fee of £50m. But just seven goals in his first 46 league games at Stamford Bridge saw him endure a rough time in the capital. His time at Chelsea is only remembered for two moments - scoring the clincher in the Champions League semi-final against Barcelona and his howling miss against Manchester United at Old Trafford. If that doesn't sum up his time under Abramovich, nothing will. 