Tyson Fury has revealed hs plan to get his 57-year-old dad John a fight on the undercard of his all-British heavyweight title bout with Dillian Whyte in London next month. After months of speculation it was finally announced that Fury would defend his WBC heavyweight title against mandatory challenger Whyte at Wembley Stadium on April 23. However, world champion Tyson may not be the only Fury taking to the ring on fight night, with the Gypsy King also trying to arrange a fight for his 57-year-old dad. Speaking to the Unibet Lowdown, the undisputed heavyweight champion discussed the future plans for his dad, with the Wembley Stadium undercard a proposed target. He said: “I’m trying to get John on the undercard to be honest. We're still working on that. JUST IN: Eddie Hearn confirms Anthony Joshua's fight plans after chat with Oleksandr Usyk's manager  “[Promoter] Frank [Warren] is working very hard behind the scenes, it's not been announced but I'm just going to give you a little sneaky preview.” Tyson was then asked if his dad could potentially fight Whyte’s promoter Eddie Hearn, however the Englishman quickly rubbished that idea. He added: “No. My dad would chin Eddie Hearn in one round, within 30 seconds.” One man who 57-year-old John has previously named as an opponent he would like to fight is boxing legend, and former heavyweight champion, Mike Tyson. DON'T MISS:Eddie Hearn reveals mocking text message from Tyson Fury after Dillian Whyte sell-outAmir Khan mulling over Kell Brook contract clause as rematch considered over retirementCaptured Russian soldier admits Putin U-turn after Usyk joined Ukraine war effort Tyson’s father called out one of the sport’s greatest fighters after ‘Iron Mike’ returned to the ring for an exhibition bout back in 2020. He said: “I’ll fight Mike Tyson, he's making a comeback. “I know he mentions my boy's name every five minutes, but here I am, John Fury is hiding from no man, not even the king of the old men Mike Tyson. “I will fight Mike Tyson; I will not be denied, I will die in a fight.” Despite the hint towards his dad’s fight, it is still not confirmed as to who will make up the undercard under the Wembley arch on April 23. As well as the mention of Tyson’s dad, his younger brother Tommy has also been linked with an undercard bout, as well as American heavyweight Jared Anderson and British star David Adeleye. 