Will Smith has issued a public apology on social media, saying he “deeply regrets” his behaviour at the Oscars and that he is “a work in progress”. Will Smith marched onto the stage and appeared to slap comedian Chris Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, being bald. Jada has a condition called alopecia which causes hair loss. On his official Instagram account, Will expressed “regret” over his actions at the awards ceremony and also explained why the joke was “too much for [him] to bear”. He wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. READ MORE: Lily Collins laments 'end of an era' after Phil Collins' last show “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. Will added: ”I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. “There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. “I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. “I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. "I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us. “I am a work in progress. Sincerely, Will.” Will Smith won the award for Best Actor for his role in King Richard later in the night, for his portrayal of Serena and Venus Williams’ father. DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? [POLL]Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [LATEST]Piers Morgan U-turns over 'woke' Oscars rant as he praises Amy Schumer [NEWS]  At the time, Will apologised to the Academy, but not to Chris Rock, in a tearful acceptance speech. As part of his acceptance speech, Will said: “I’m being called on in my life to love people and to protect people, and to be a river to my people.” The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has “condemned” Will Smith’s behaviour at Sunday night’s Oscars ceremony. In an official statement, the Academy said it “condemns the actions of Mr Smith at last night’s show”. “We have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our Bylaws, Standards of Conduct and California law,” the statement also said.