Christian Horner has “no feelings” about Mercedes but admits they are “struggling” for performance in 2022. The Red Bull boss had no sympathy for his old rivals just months on from their ferocious duel for the 2021 crown. Tensions between Horner and Mercedes boss Toto Wolff spilled over at times during last season. Meanwhile, the battle between drivers Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton boiled over on track with a range of high profile incidents in Britain, Italy, Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi. Speaking after the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, Horner said he was only focused on his new battle with Ferrari. He said: “They are struggling. I have no feelings about their competitiveness. Obviously, I am focused on our competitiveness in what is a very intense fight with Ferrari at the moment. “I have no doubt that at some point, Mercedes will join that battle but my focus is very much on our team." Verstappen outfoxed Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc in Jeddah to take his first win of the 2022 season. READ MORE: Christian Horner makes reliability prediction about Mercedes However, the victory still leaves Verstappen trailing Leclerc by almost 20 points after a double retirement for the team in Bahrain. Both Verstappen and Sergio Perez suffered fuel pump issues which took them out of the running late on. It meant the team threw away around 30 points which has left them behind in the standings. Red Bull lie third in the team championship behind Mercedes who have been uncompetitive since the beginning. Sister team Alpha Tauri have also suffered some reliability concerns over the first two races. DON'T MISSVerstappen's overtaking against Leclerc slammed despite Hamilton claim [INSIGHT]Mercedes' 'power shift' warning as Verstappen and Leclerc fly early on [ANALYSIS]Wolff denies 'arm twisting' afterHamilton led Saudi driver revolt [COMMENT] Horner warned Red Bull were “concerned” about the reliability issues and were confident they could get on top of the problems. He said: “Of course, we’re concerned about it, but I think, first, we have to understand what it is. I think once all the strip-down has been done and we understand what the issue is then, hopefully, fixes can be put in place.”