Rafael Nadal's Indian Wells final against Taylor Fritz is in doubt with just hours to go. The American reportedly cancelled his practice session ahead of the final after suffering an issue with his ankle. It means the world No 4 could be handed a record-tying 37th Masters 1000 final without needing to play. There are fears the Indian Wells men's final could be called off after Fritz picked up an ankle injury. The 24-year-old defeated seventh seed Andrey Rublev 7-5 6-4 in Saturday's semi-final to reach his maiden Masters 1000 final, and did so in his home state of California. In the last game of the match, the world No 20 started suffering with some physical discomfort in what appeared to be his leg as he called for the trainer in the next changeover but didn't end up needing treatment after breaking to win the match. Speaking after the match he admitted that "at the point of the match with Rublev I told myself that I should go for him regardless of the pain I was in." Confirming he would get work done to the affected area he added: "I hope my physio works on it and it's not too serious." But it seems the issue could be more serious than Fritz first hoped and anticipated, as he pulled out of his last pre-final practice session with moments to go after "testing" his ankle without any success. JUST IN: Nadal Indian Wells defeat spurs Alcaraz on with defiant response  Nadal and Fritz are set to take to the court at around 3pm local time after the women's final which has already gotten underway on Stadium 1. With just two hours until they are expected to begin the men's final, the world No 20 may be unable to resolve his ankle injury in time. Fritz, who is the first American finalist in Indian Wells since John Isner a decade ago, is said to have worsened the issue at the start of his final warm-up which forced him to cancel it and cut the session short, and will be hoping the physio can get him ready to play over the next couple of hours. Even if he is able to take to the court, the world No 20 is expected to be physically hampered as a result of the injury. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal tells Alcaraz what he must do to become 'great champion'Kyrgios defiant message after Indian Wells outburst in Nadal lossRoger Federer's potential return date as Swiss star's promising update  If Fritz is unable to take to the court, Nadal will be handed the trophy which will allow him to equal Novak Djokovic on a record 37 Masters 1000 titles. The Spaniad is already unbeaten so far this season, starting 2022 with a career-best 20 wins and 0 losses. His streak includes titles in Melbourne, Acapulco and a record 21st Grand Slam title at the Australian Open. Nadal had already withdrawn from the upcoming Miami Open so may have played his final match before the clay-court season which begins next month.