The State Meteorological Agency (AEMET) has activated weather warnings for adverse sea conditions. The warning affects Fuerteventura, Lanzarote, La Palma and El Hierro.  On March 13, the AEMET weather warning will also cover northern Tenerife and Gran Canaria. The forecast shows that strong northwest winds will bring very strong gusts on Monday and Tuesday. The more mountainous islands will have rainfall throughout the week, however, scientists are reportedly worried about the lack of rainfall on the islands. Lanzarote and Fuerteventura have had 75 percent less rain than usual according to scientists. READ MORE: Expats: Cheapest city in Australia for expats named - 'wonderful' Other areas of Spain including tourist hotspots Ibiza and Mallorca, have experienced a wet winter with heavier rainfall than usual. The Costa del Sol is likely to experience rainfall in the coming week as well after a period of drought. The rainfall in areas such as Malaga and Granada could be very heavy and flood warnings have been issued for some areas. The director of Aemet said: “It will help to ease the drought situation, but will not be enough to resolve it.” The Canary Islands are one of the UK’s top tourist destinations with many Britons travelling there each year. Islands such as Tenerife, Gran Canaria and Lanzarote are particularly popular during winter due to the warm weather. British tourists searching for winter sun could try southern Tenerife where the temperature rarely drops below the low 20s. Tourists who want to avoid the crowds could travel to one of the smaller islands such as El Hierro. The Canary Islands are eager to recover the tourism industry after the pandemic-affected numbers. The volcanic eruption on La Palma also impacted the industry with many tourists avoiding the region due to poor air quality. Over 1,000 homes were destroyed in the eruption which also damaged essential infrastructure such as roads. Some tourism officials on the island are trying to rebuild the industry by offering volcanic tours. British tourists travelling to Spain will need to be fully vaccinated unless they have recently recovered from Covid. If their second jab was more than 270 days ago, they will need to have a booster to travel to Spain. British teenagers aged between 12-17 will need to take a PCR test 72 hours before travel if they are not vaccinated. Covid restrictions are in place in some Spanish destinations including a ban on dancing in the Canary Islands.