Black holes, as the basic defintion goes, are regions of spacetime so deformed by concentrated mass that nothing — not even light — can escape their gravity. The threshold of this influence is known as the “event horizon”, beyond which the velocity needed to escape the gravitational well exceeds the speed of light, which is in effect the universe’s speed limit. In 1974, however, the British physicist Stephen Hawking showed that there is a way for energy to radiate out from a black hole — and it relies on weird relativistic quantum effects. Professor Hawking proposed that it was possible for pairs of subatomic particles and their antiparticle opposites to pop spontaneously into existence as a result of fluctuations in space’s background “vacuum energy”. Ordinarily, these particles would annihilate each other and that would be that — but Prof Hawking argued that if these particles formed just on the event horizon of a black hole, it would be possible for one with negative energy to fall in while the other escaped. To the outside observer, it would appear that the black hole was giving off radiation, and in this way, the body would lose both mass and rotational energy. Black holes that do not gain mass through other means, therefore, will slowly “evaporate” at a rate that is inversely proportional to its mass, meaning that the smaller a black hole is, the faster it will dissipate. For Prof Hawking, however, this created a problem. As they emit this thermal radiation, black holes also destroy information about what formed them — thereby violating a fundamental rule of quantum mechanics that says that any physical process should be able to be mathematically reversed and therefore nothing, not even information, can be fully lost. This conundrum is what is known as the “Black Hole Information Paradox”. In two new linked studies, physicist Professor Xavier Calmet of the University of Sussex and his colleagues have demonstrated that black holes may be more complex than was previously thought Specifically, the team proposes that they harbour a gravitational field that — on a quantum level — encodes information on how they were formed, thereby resolving the Black Hole Information Paradox. The finding came from mathematical methods for performing calculations around quantum gravity that have been developed at the University of Sussex over the course of a decade. These calculations revealed that, when quantum gravitational corrections are taken into account, matter falling into a black hole leaves an imprint on the latter’s gravitational field. READ MORE: Black hole breakthrough as giant 'bubbles' found in space The team have called this imprint “quantum hair”, in a rebuttal of a quip made about black holes back in the sixties by the American theoretical physicist John Archibald Wheeler. Arguing that they have no observable properties beyond their total mass, charge and spin — and were thus essentially bald and featureless — he said “black holes have no hair”. To prove that black holes are hairy after all, Prof Calmet and colleagues considered the gravitational fields of two stars that had the same total mass and radii, but different compositions. This meant that, from a classical physics perspective, the two bodies had the same gravitational potential, but when considered from a quantum perspective, this potential depends on each star’s composition. The researchers' calculations revealed that, when the stars ran out of nuclear fuel and collapsed into black holes at the end of their lives, the memory of what the stars were made of was preserved within the new holes’ gravitational fields, resolving Hawking’s paradox. As Prof Calmet told BBC News: “The problem has been cracked!” DON'T MISS:Putin's energy grip on Europe slips as new report pulls rug from Russia [ANALYSIS] Biden beefs up Ukraine's defence with 'kamikaze Switchblade drones’ [REPORT]Putin blinks first: Bumper gas supplies sent to EU [INSIGHT] He added: "Black holes have long been considered the perfect laboratory to study how to merge Einstein’s theory of general relativity with quantum mechanics. “It was generally assumed within the scientific community that resolving [the Black Hole Information Paradox] would require a huge paradigm shift in physics, forcing the potential reformulation of either quantum mechanics or general relativity. “What we found — and I think is particularly exciting — is that this isn’t necessary. “Our solution doesn’t require any speculative idea, instead our research demonstrates that the two theories can be used to make consistent calculations for black holes and explain how information is stored without the need for radical new physics. “It turns out that black holes are in fact good children, holding onto the memory of the stars that gave birth to them.” Paper co-author and theoretical physicist Stephen Hsu of the Michigan State University added: “The concept of a causal [or event] horizon is central to the notion of a Black Hole. “What is behind the horizon cannot, in classical physics, influence the exterior. “We showed that there are intricate entanglements between the quantum state of the matter behind the horizon — inside the hole — and the state of gravitons outside. “This entanglement makes it possible to encode quantum information about the black hole interior in Hawking radiation that escapes to infinity.” The full findings of the studies were published in the journals Physical Review Letters and Physics Letters B.