Prince William was accompanied by his wife Kate Middleton as the Cambridges embarked on a tour of the Caribbean. During their visit, the couple stepped foot in Jamaica, a Commonwealth country which has recently flirted with the idea of following Barbados and becoming a republic. However, while the Duke and Duchess have faced protests, they were also mobbed by fervent supporters as they stopped off in Trench Town. It was also while visiting the hometown of the late Bob Marley where William was able to experience his favourite moment of the trip to Jamaica, according to the Evening Standard's royal editor Robert Jobson. Mr Jobson wrote on Twitter: "Prince William said one of his highlights was lining up with Manning Cup winners Kingston College, and some of the world’s best footballers, Raheem Sterling and Leon Bailey. "'Leon plays for the best football team in the world, the mighty Aston Villa!'" JUST IN: Kate Middleton and Prince William desperate to stay in Jamaica - ‘Wish we had more time’ Kingston College celebrated victory in the Manning Cup back in January after defeating Jamaica College in a dramatic 5-4 penalty shoot-out. Prince William, who played alongside Manchester City winger Raheem Sterling, emerged victorious against his Aston Villa idol in a closely fought 1-0 win. Sterling, who scored three goals on England's road to the Euro 2020 final, found the back of the net after William played in a pass for a tap in from five yards. However, the Duke of Cambridge, who was seen smiling as he ran around in his fluorescent yellow bib, couldn't contain his excitement during the football match. Upon meeting Sterling and Aston Villa winger Bailey, William turned to Kate and said: "Two heroes of mine." The Duke, who is President of the Football Association, added: "These two are the fastest in the team." In clips circulating on social media, the Prince was seen moving with a spring in his step as he launched a long-range shot towards the opposition's goal. While William was unable to get his name on the scoresheet, he joined in with his teammates chanting: "We are number one, we are number one." DON'T MISS:  Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT] However, the Duke might be able to blame his wayward shot on the fact he did not have a pair of trainers during the match. The future King went over to an aide to ask if anyone had brought training shoes and another palace official asked a bystander: “I don’t suppose you have any trainers?"