Henry Cavill shot to A-list fame after playing Superman in Man of Steel, Batman v Superman and Justice League. However, since then, the 38-year-old hasn’t reprised the role apart from in the Snyder Cut of the latter movie last year. DC fans have called for his return in some form before the character is inevitably recast and if a new rumour is to be believed they might just be getting what they want. Last week, Screen Geek reported that Gal Gadot’s Wonder Woman and Jason Momoa’s Aquaman are set to feature in The Flash. The upcoming Ezra Miller led movie spans across the DC multiverse and is already confirmed to feature not just Ben Affleck’s Batman but also Michael Keaton’s iconic take on Bruce Wayne. Obviously, take that and the following with a pinch of salt, but it’s also rumoured that Cavill’s Superman will be joining them for a cameo. A Twitter user who has posted set photos from both Black Widow and The Flash shared something very intriguing. AJ tweeted: “I won’t post IMDb, but we found the IMDb of the person who posted Flash and Black widow set photos, who said Henry Superman was on set. Their IMDB confirms that they’re on Flash, worked on Black widow, no time to die, and other films.” If that wasn’t enough, back in October The Flash producer Barbara Muschietti may have hinted that Cavill’s Superman is in the DC blockbuster. On her Instagram, she gave an update on the movie saying it was almost done, before a fan in the comments asked about a Cavill Superman cameo. DON'T MISSThe Batman: Colin Farrell was banned from finishing Penguin's look [THE BATMAN]The Batman 2: New DC cinematic universe teased by director [THE BATMAN 2]The Batman: Proof The Joker appears in Robert Pattinson’s DC debut [JOKER] Incredibly, Barbara liked this comment, perhaps as a knowing wink that the Man of Steel would be back for the movie. Given that it’s a multiverse storyline maybe the Justice League stars could be portraying variants of their DC superheroes? The upcoming movie will see Miller’s Barry Allen travel back in time to try and prevent his mother’s murder, only for there to be grave consequences to the timeline. The Flash lands in cinemas on November 4, 2022. SOURCE