Red Bull boss Christian Horner cut an uncertain figure as he was asked whether the team's fuel issues from Bahrain were solved ahead of Sunday's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Sergio Perez secured the first pole position of his F1 career in qualifying, but Max Verstappen finished behind both Ferrari drivers in fourth. Red Bull bounced back from their late frustration in Bahrain by securing a healthy spot on the front row in Jeddah. Charles Leclerc looked primed for back-to-back pole positions after recording an excellent 1:28.225 lap time, but Perez provided a late flurry to produce a phenomenal 1:28.200. The Mexican bettering Leclerc by 0.02s was a stunning end to a hectic qualifying session, which featured high-speed crashes involving Nicholas Lafiti and Mick Schumacher. Carlos Sainz went third quickest, 0.2s behind his Scuderia teammate (1:28.402), as Verstappen couldn't find the pace to breach the top three. After qualifying, Horner hailed 'unbelievable' Perez's final lap as 'mighty' after he secured his first-ever pole after 215 races. He told Sky Sports: "I'm just so, so pleased for Checo. After 215 races, it's incredible. He's working harder than ever, and that lap was mighty. JUST IN: Charles Leclerc reacts to Sergio Perez pole position  "We could see it coming and coming, and the Ferraris put down such a competitive marker. For Checo to go do that, only the second time I think he's out-qualified Max. To put in a lap like that, here at the hardest, most dangerous circuit that we go, it's an unbelievable performance from him. "I'm just so happy for him. He's worked incredibly hard and I think that the car this year is more suited to his style, it's not quite as quirky as last year's car. He's done a great job today." However, his mood shifted when asked whether Red Bull's fuel issue that saw both drivers crash out of last weekend's 2022 curtain-raiser was now fixed. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher in 'horrible' 170mph crash in Saudi Arabian GP quali "I hate those kinds of questions," Horner responded. "I mean, we think we've understood it. But you know, we'll only know at the end of the race tomorrow. We believe we've found the problem, and we had an issue. We've addressed the issue, but you want to see that chequered flag tomorrow." Sunday's Grand Prix is perfectly primed for another battle between Red Bull and Ferrari, with Horner's team eyeing their first points of the new season after the disaster in Bahrain.