Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has “largely stalled on all fronts”, the UK’s Ministry of Defence (MoD) said on Thursday morning as Putin’s war reaches its 21st day. The MoD issued its latest intelligence update on Thursday morning, saying Russian forces have suffered “heavy losses” while making “minimal progress on land, sea or air in recent days”. The news comes as Putin went on Russian television to excoriate Russians who do not back him on Wednesday. He said Russians “will always be able to distinguish true patriots from scum and traitors and will simply spit them out like a gnat that accidentally flew into their mouths”. He also accused the West of launching an economic “blitzkrieg” against Russia in an attempt to “bulldoze” his country. Putin has once again displayed his ruthless streak, with thousands of innocent civilians killed in relentless bombing campaigns, but he remains an enigmatic figure when it comes to his private life. Born in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg) eight years after the Nazi siege that killed more than one million people in the city, Putin was the youngest of three children of Vladimir Spiridonovich Putin and Maria Ivanovna Putina. Both of his brothers, born in the mid-Thirties, had died young — Albert died in infancy and Viktor died of diphtheria during the Siege of Leningrad. Putin’s father was severely wounded while serving during World War 2, and his mother worked a number of “backbreaking” jobs to make ends meet. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as kidnapped mayor RESCUED in 'special operation' Without warning, Putin launched into an emotional story about his parents in a 2012 conversation with Hillary Clinton, and later detailed how his mother “survived by a miracle”. Writing in her 2014 memoir, Mrs Clinton said Putin’s father had returned briefly from the frontline to see a “pile of bodies stacked in the street” outside the apartment block where they lived. She continued: “As he drew nearer, he saw a woman’s legs wearing shoes that he recognised as his wife’s… Putin’s father took his wife in his arms and, after examining her, realised she was still alive. “He carried her up to their apartment and nursed her back to health.” Putin was born eight years later. He has told variations of this same story before, saying in his narrated autobiography that his mother regained consciousness and moaned as she was being wheeled away, which alerted neighbours. He added that his mother had “stayed alive by a miracle”. However, in the same book, he claimed his father was “in the battlefield the whole time” during the siege and “didn’t get a chance to look for her”. Likewise, in a separate variation of the story detailed by The Times, his father, recovering in hospital after being wounded by grenade fragments, secretly fed his food rations to his wife in a bid to save her from starvation. Putin paints his parents as heroes, talking of battlefield courage and civilian survival against all odds, something that echoes the current situation in Ukraine. DON'T MISS:Putin ABANDONED as even closest allies ditch warmonger [REPORT]Putin issues warning to the West after Biden brands 'war criminal' [NEW]Ukraine war: Putin's elite troops and 4th general die in raid [REPORT] He said his father escaped a pursuing Nazi patrol by diving into a swamp and “breathed through a hollow reed until the dogs had passed by”. On another occasion, his father is alleged to have been carried to safety across the frozen Neva River by a comrade, who “said goodbye, and went back to the front line”. The siege of Leningrad was one of the longest and bloodiest in history, and holds a poignant place in Russian hearts. The city had been the birthplace of the Russian revolution, and Adolf Hitler was determined to bring it to its knees in the brutal blockade. Leningrad, however, held out for some 872 days, at the cost of more than a million lives. Much like D-Day in British hearts, the Siege of Leningrad holds similar significance to Russians. It remains unclear which of Putin’s several versions of events with his parents is true, if any. Ben Macintyre, author of a number of spy and wartime books, wrote in The Times in 2014 that it “matters not” whether the stories are true. He wrote: “Mr Putin himself probably does not know. “He does not need us to believe them. "He merely demands that we remember them. “Which is exactly what Hillary Clinton did.”