Netflix’s historical hit series, Vikings Valhalla will soon premiere a second season after a huge announcement from the streaming platform. The show which takes place 100 years after History’s Vikings will continue to explore the legendary explorer Leif Erikson.  After the huge success of Vikings, Netflix agreed to air the spin-off Vikings Valhalla which took place 100 years after the ruling of Ragnar Lothbrok (Travis Fimmel). Thankfully for fans, even after its finale aired in February the ship showed no signs of sailing with this recent announcement. Before the first season had aired, Netflix had ordered 24 episodes of the spin-off which guaranteed a second instalment as the first had only contained eight parts. After the streaming platform revealed Vikings Valhalla racked up a total of 194 million hours viewed since its debut, they not only confirmed a second but also added a third season to the list. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? The creator Jeb Stuart who is planning to return as showrunner for the second and third season released a statement which read: “I’m thrilled to be able to confirm that we wrapped and are already editing Season 2 and that production will start soon on Season 3. “While the storylines for Leif, Freydis, Harald, Olaf, Canute and the rest of our amazing cast are secret, I can say without hesitation that their journeys will be even more epic than what you’ve seen so far. SKÅL!!!” As Viking fans have already explored the history of Ragnar Lothbrok and his adventures, viewers are looking forward to seeing if Liv survived the brutal battle. Fans were beyond thrilled by the announcement and tweeted their reactions under the official Vikings Valhalla confirmation tweet. TheDutchTexan wrote: “I knew about season 2 but the fact season 3 has been tacked on is GREAT news! Let’s GOOO!” LadyOfGwangu added: “LOVE IT! Looking forward to more Canute in S2! So intrigued by this character.” Diny89N commented: “I'm so excited that there will be two more seasons, I watched the first season over two nights.” DON'T MISS...Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance [REACTION]Vikings Valhalla’s Sam Corlett details unique change made to costume [INSIGHT]Vikings Valhalla season 2: Ivar’s descendant takes the throne? [THEORY] CoJack214 stated: “Let’s f******g goooooooo if you haven’t watched this yet you are seriously missing out!” BateraThais agreed: “LETS GOOOOOO! First season was already amazing, I can't wait to see more.” Fans can look forward to a number of the questions finally being answered including the major hint Jarl Haakon star Caroline Henderson dropped. Even though her character had seemingly died during the battle in Kattegat, the actress hinted fans could be seeing more of Jarl. She told Metro.com: “We don’t really know that she won’t be back, she might turn up as a ghost or something. Henderson continued: “She’s a pagan and she’s very strong in her belief. I think portraying that and being part of that journey was amazing because she knows what’s going to happen.” Elsewhere, Leo Suter, who starred as Harald teased a potential romance for his character and Freydis: “These are two people who are... they have a lot to talk about and they work so well together." He told Digital Spy: "But at the same time, there are big forces and big passions that are pulling them apart, and as with any sort of love story, there's... it's so simple in some respects, but also so complicated in other ways.” Vikings: Valhalla is available to stream on Netflix.