Tess Daly, who hosts Strictly Come Dancing alongside Claudia Winkleman, revealed that she changed her name in an unearthed interview. The BBC favourite, who tied the knot with her husband Vernon Kay in 2003, admitted that it's only her mum who sometimes calls her by the previous moniker. The 52-year-old was born Helen Elizabeth "Tess" Daly but had changed her name at the start of her modelling career. The Strictly presenter admitted that her name has never been officially changed and she has no plans to do so, saying it would be "disrespectful" to her parents. But the mum-of-two explained that her mum Sylvia is the only person still using the name Helen. The presenter previously told Daily Mail's Weekend magazine: "My mum's really the only person who still calls me Helen, and that's not often. READ MORE: Don't care what I look like!' Cameron Diaz on 'never washing her face' "She tends to call me 'love', so when she does say 'Helen' it can take me a while to respond." Tess explained the reason behind her change of name and explained it was when she signed up to a modelling agency when she was 17-years-old. The BBC favourite recalled there was a model called "Helen Davies" on the books of her agency - and was told to change her name because it was too similar. She continued:  "My agent was obsessed with [the actress] Nastassja Kinski at the time, who was in the film Tess, and thought I looked like her.  "So Tess it was. I was gullible and impressionable. Mind you, two weeks later I was in Japan then travelled the world. Paris, Milan, New York." She added: "I've never changed it by deed poll or anything because I think it would be disrespectful to my parents." Meanwhile, the BBC star opened up about her family life and admitted her daughter gets "grossed out" when she is affectionate with her other half Vernon. The couple share two daughters, Phoebe, 17, and Amber, 12. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him[LATEST]Jennifer Aniston pens heartfelt tribute to women of Ukraine[TRIBUTE]Paddy McGuinness recalls 'falling into depressive state' with wife[ADMISSION] When quizzed on whether her children "cringe" about her loving posts with her other half on social media, Tess admitted it doesn't always sit well with her youngest daughter. She told The Mirror: "Oh yeah! If he kisses me in the kitchen, the 12-year-old goes 'Urgh gross!' "She’s at that point but she’s smiling behind the horror." The on-screen star also addressed her future on Strictly after almost two decades on the programme. Tess admitted that she has no plans to quit the programme. She remarked: "I’ve never thought that. I think 'I absolutely bloody love this.' "I can’t imagine being anywhere else." Tess added: "This will be the 18th year, and I’m still so passionate about it. I love the realness of it, not knowing what’s going to happen next."