A person’s diet can help keep their vision strong and to reduce the risk of developing serious conditions threatening your ability to see such as age-related macular degeneration. A study pinpoints the type of fat to avoid which could be increasing your risk. Overindulging in fat-filled snack foods may heighten the risk of developing advanced age-related macular degeneration, researchers at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary said in a study. Vegetable, monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats, along with linoleic acid are the type of fats that put junk food enthusiasts at a higher risk for the eye disease, according to the study, published in the Archives of Ophthalmology. The study's 349 subjects were between 55 and 80 years old and had advanced stages of age-related macular degeneration. Researchers found that these fats are highly processed and have damaging effects on the eyes. According to the study, fats to stay away from include: Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is a disease that affects a person's central vision. AMD can result in severe loss of central vision, but people rarely go blind from it. Risk factors for AMD include being 50 and older, smoking, having high blood pressure and eating a diet high in saturated fat. Fortunately, there are a number of different foods which are said to help improve eyesight. Because fish is rich in Omega-3 fatty acids, it can help keep your retina healthy and improve your eyesight. Some studies have also suggested diets with regular portions of fish can prevent conditions like macular degeneration or glaucoma. If you can’t eat fish because of your diet, you can get vegan omega-3 supplements to reap the benefits of fatty acids. Egg yolks are full of vitamins to keep your eyesight tip-top. A typical egg yolk contains the following eye-friendly nutrients: Vitamin A Lutein Zeaxanthin Zinc Vitamin A protects the cornea while lutein and zeaxanthin can reduce your risk of developing macular degeneration or glaucoma. Zinc is the key to being able to see better at night, or when the lights are low.