Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen reacted to a social media user who quizzed the Channel 5 star after she recently announced that they had welcomed a brand new arrival to the farm, much to the family's delight. The shepherdess has since shared some sad news in a candid update. The 46-year-old was quizzed on Twitter today, by a social media user, about a lamb that was delivered on March 29. But the mum-of-nine explained that the new arrival did not survive as she announced the news of the farm animals death. Twitter user, Ann quizzed: "How is the little lamb in the bread oven?" In view of her 193,000 followers, Amanda shared a picture of her daughter cradling the lamb by the fire while sitting indoors. READ MORE: Bruce Willis' stunt double spotted change in star amid brain condition She tweeted: "Sadly the little lamb died during the night. You win some, you lose some but you never stop trying." The Yorkshire shepherdess was swiftly inundated with messages. Jess penned: "Agreed, and just think of all the animals you have saved - unfortunately sometimes you can’t save them all." Janet McDowell replied: "I am sure you did all you could, it wouldn't have had any better nurse's looking after it."  "Poor little thing," Corrine commented, while Colin Fawcett added: "A short life but one surrounded by caring love." It comes days after taking to the micro-blogging site, where Amanda revealed that they had welcomed a brand new arrival to the farm. The on-screen star shared a series of photos following the birth of a new lamb days before the new arrival sadly died. She penned: "The new arrival. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'settles argument' over hospital scene[LATEST]Kate Garraway 'closes husband Derek's company amid huge Covid losses[ADMISSION]Mark Labbett announces new show after he's axed from The Chase[TV] "Small but perfectly formed and clearly a little bit on the sharp side as we’re not due to start lambing just yet." Amanda added the hashtags: "#yorkshire #shepherdess #farm #spring #lambing." She often takes to social media and gives fans an update about living on Ravenseat Farm with her family. The devastating loss comes just days after the Channel 5 favourite explained that visitors can not visit the farm over the next two months. Fans of the shepherdess often wander to the Yorkshire Dales where they can enjoy a day out with a spot of tea and cakes. Amanda announced on her website that visitors are currently banned from visiting Ravenseat. She confirmed that the closure comes during peak lambing season. The announcement said: "Sorry Ravenseat is closed for visitors until mid-May. We will be busy lambing for the next few weeks so would ask visitors not to come into the farmyard. "Please watch the website for notification on when we are open again."