Broadcasting giants ITV have been criticised after they cut to adverts midway through a tribute to Ukraine at Goodison Park ahead of Everton's FA Cup last-16 tie against Boreham Wood. Ukraine are in crisis following an invasion by neighbouring Russia, with over a million people looking to flee the country. As the two sets of players emerged from the tunnel on Merseyside they arrived holding Ukrainian flags. And there were tears in the stands as John Lennon's famous anti-war song 'Imagine' came on the speakers in touching scenes, while the players held a banner which included lyrics to the song which read: "‘Imagine all the people, sharing all the world". Around half-way through the song, however, ITV caused offence when they went to an advert break ahead of kick-off. They did appear to go back on their decision, with the ad break seemingly cut short as they promptly returned to the scenes in Liverpool. Yet it left a bad taste in the mouth of many on social media. One Twitter user wrote: 'Not a great time for an ad break in the circumstances', while another added: 'Absolutely scandalous that ITV cut away from such emotional scenes at Goodison to go to adverts…' Another said: 'I wish I could say I'm surprised but ITV are all about money and that's it.' And a final angry comment read: 'Yet again another fantastic display from Everton and Boreham Wood for the people of Ukraine. Just a shame that ITV decide to take a break that ruined it.' Everton made their Ukrainian left-back Vitaliy Mykolenko captain for the night. And the 22-year-old recently sent a scathing message to Zenit Saint Petersburg forward Artem Dzyuba, who is captain of the Russian national team. Mykolenko wrote on an Instagram story: "Whilst you remain silent b**** along with your s***head football teammates, peaceful civilians are being killed in Ukraine. "You will be locked in your dungeon for the rest of your life and most importantly the lives of your kids. And I'm glad." Boreham Wood are looking to create an upset for the ages by beating Everton on Thursday. And they got off to a good start, with the scores level at 0-0 after 20 minutes.