Death in Paradise returned for season 11 earlier this year which saw DS Florence Cassell (played by Josephine Jobert) reprise her role on the island of Saint Marie. There were also a few former stars cropping up in series 10 in 2021 to mark the BBC comedy-drama's 10th anniversary. Actor Danny John Jules wasn't able to make it for these episodes but delighted fans as he made a brief comeback for the first-ever Christmas special. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.Officer Dwayne Myers (played by Danny John Jules) had been a veteran member of the Honoré Police force, having now worked alongside every detective. He was the charming, laid-back officer on the team, with few responsibilities, minus his day job. Dwayne didn't have a wife or children and it wasn't until season seven that viewers saw him reconnect with his estranged dad Nelson (Ram John Holder). His family was the reason behind Dwayne's departure as he decided to get to know his father again by going on an "epic" voyage. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? Actor John Jules has two children with his wife  Petula Langlais who he has been married to for more than 20 years. Few details are known about her, but according to her IMDb page, she is also in the entertainment industry but as an assistant location manager. John Jules and Langlais worked together in 2016 when she was the production manager on the short film he directed called Bucky. While the couple don't tend to share details of their children to the public, Death in Paradise fans would have seen them before. John Jules has two children, son Danté Langlais-John-Jules, 16, and daughter Danaè Langlais-John-Jules, 14. Danté acted alongside his dad in the 2016 episode of Death in Paradise called Dishing Up Murder where he played a character called Jackson. His sister Danaè also popped up in the BBC series as Elize Johnson in 2018's Murder on the Day of the Dead. Both of his children also had minor roles in John Jules' short movie Bucky. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? [THEORY]Death in Paradise star shares first impression of ‘crazy’ newcomer [REACTION]Death in Paradise’s Neville Parker sparks unlikely romance? [THEORY] The 61-year-old actor is related to another famous face but in the world of sports. His nephew is footballer Tyreece John-Jules, 20, who currently plays for Sheffield Wednesday, on loan from Arsenal. The striker has previously played for Doncaster Rovers, Lincoln City and Blackpool. There is little information on who John Jules' brother is but it has been reported he is a barrister. Death in Paradise's 11th series came to an end in February 2022, much to the disappointment of fans. But there is no need to worry as this won't be the end with season 12 already confirmed. There will also be a second Christmas special airing at the end of the year on BBC One. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.