PIP recently replaced the Disability Living Allowance and isn’t just for people who have a physical disability. Britons who suffer from a hidden illness or mental health condition such as anxiety, stress or depression could also be eligible for PIP. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) makes payments of up to £608 a month to people under State Pension age who suffer from a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition. Nearly three (2.8 million) people receive this financial support to help them meet everyday living costs, but thousands of Britons with mental health conditions could be missing out. That’s because there is still a common misconception that these disability payments are for people who have an obvious physical condition. However, if conditions like stress, anxiety and depression severely impact someone’s ability to carry out everyday tasks, they could still qualify. READ MORE: 'Confusing' Child Benefit rule puts thousands at risk of shock bills Britons could receive PIP payments between £23.70 and £152.15 each week depending on the severity of their illness. To qualify for PIP people should have difficulty preparing, cooking or eating food or managing their medication. In addition, they might get help if they struggle with washing, bathing, using the toilet, dressing and undressing or moving around. They could also be eligible for the disability benefit if they have difficulty engaging and communicating with other people, reading and understanding written information, making decisions about money, planning a journey or following a route or moving around. DON'T MISSTV licence: Households could be eligible for refund of £159 [UPDATE]State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP [WARNING]NatWest is offering ‘tempting’ 3% interest on savings plus £150 [INSIGHT] In total there are 19 conditions that qualify for PIP including: Meanwhile, the DWP recently confirmed that it is changing the way it assesses Britons with mental health conditions. On the Gov.uk website the guidance states that DWP assessors need to bear in mind whether or not a claimant is taking medication. It advises: “When considering mental health medication HPs [Health Professionals] should remember that not all claimants with a mental health condition will be on medication or receiving therapy. “Absence of medication does not automatically mean that the health condition is not severe.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This updated guidance may mean that applicants who have been turned down previously, could now qualify. State benefits like Universal Credit and PIP could also act as a gateway benefit to additional financial assistance. This includes free or reduced council tax bills, capped water bills, half price bus or rail fares and the Motability scheme. PIP could also open up the door to the Warm Home Discount Scheme, a Cold Weather Payment, Blue badge in England and Wales, a vehicle tax discount of up to 100 percent and a Disabled Facilities Grant worth up to £30,000. 