Alexander Zverev should be banned from tennis for up to six months following his incredible outburst at the Mexican Open last month, according to seven-time Grand Slam champion Mats Wilander. Zverev is set to return to action this week for Germany in their Davis Cup qualifier against Brazil. But Wilander does not think he should be participating so soon after the incident in Acapulco. Zverev furiously struck the umpire's chair several times with his racquet after his doubles defeat in Mexico. The 24-year-old repeatedly swore at Alessandro Germani after he and Marcelo Melo had lost to Lloyd Glasspool and Harri Heliovaara. Zverev was handed the maximum fine of £30,000 by the ATP, docked ranking points and thrown out of the singles tournament. He was not set to feature for Germany this week but has performed a U-turn on his decision.  But Wilander believes it is far too soon and thinks Zverev should be banned long enough to miss the biggest tournaments this year. "If a player breaks his racquet on the umpire's chair and he is literally a few centimetres away from hitting the umpire's leg, he should not be allowed to get on a tennis court until he has gone through some kind of rehab, some kind of time," Wilander told Eurosport. "We need to punish him accordingly, and allowing him to come out and play professional tennis the week after or two weeks after, that is too soon. "To me, money does not do it, and I think you either give someone with that behaviour a three-month suspension or a six-month suspension. You do not allow him to play the most important tournaments on his calendar.  "Now, the most important tournaments are most probably the Grand Slams, the ATP 1000, the Davis Cup. "I mean, I do not know where you draw the line, but certainly going out and competing in any shape or form straight away, it does not seem like that is very fair to other players." Wilander believes there should be an organisation to decide on punishments for players' on-court behaviour. He added: "Maybe it is time to have some kind of a professional body of tennis that makes all these decisions, and it is the combination of the ATP, the ITF, the WTA, the Olympic committee.  "We get together, and these kinds of behaviours, no, you're not allowed to play on any circuit until you have gone through some kind of a rehabilitation process. "So no, it is not great for tennis. For him personally, it is most probably a good move that he can suddenly start playing, not just for himself, but to play for his country and his team-mates. "But no, I think that is ... it does not send a great message for professional tennis." 