Emma Brooker (played by Alexandra Mardell) will wave goodbye to the cobbles next week but Coronation Street fans will have to wait and see whether the barmaid will get her happy ending. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Emma star Alexandra revealed her own feelings on the exit storyline. In recent scenes, Coronation Street fans have seen Emma grow close to Jon Spear (Jordan Ford Silver). However, he remains in the dark over Emma and Faye Windass' (Ellie Leach) involvement in Jon's grandad's Ted (Duggie Brown) death. Emma will be stunned when Jon shares his plans to open a beach bar in Australia. She realises it's the same establishment she visited as a child and is touched when he asks her to move to Australia with him. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor removed from the cobbles Although this appears to be true love for Emma, Faye and Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) are firmly against the idea of the barmaid embarking on a romance with Jon. Opening up on her exit storyline, Alexandra was asked if she was "happy" with the way Emma leaves the cobbles. The ITV soap star replied: "Yeah, I'm happy definitely." Could this mean Emma will run off with Jon into the sunset? Or could the actress have a far more explosive exit planned? In upcoming scenes, Jon will finally learn the truth about the circumstances surrounding his grandad's death. Jon will be understandably furious and feel betrayed by Emma who has got to know him while keeping his information a secret. Will the grieving grandson take the knowledge to the police or will he give the unlucky-in-love barmaid another chance? DON'T MISSCoronation Street spoilers: Tyrone Dobbs distraught as Fiz moves away [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Sarah Platt star speaks out on leaving ITV soap [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street theory: Beth Tinker to take custody of Craig's baby [THEORY] Meanwhile, Alexandra spoke about her fellow soap stars' reactions to quitting the show. She revealed: "Initially, I kept it a secret for a while because it was quite sad to tell people. "But then once everyone knew about it everyone, as well as being sad was really supportive. "And, those people that had gone and come back said it was the right decision." After joining the soap in 2018, Emma quickly became a fan favourite and has joined the long list of Rovers barmaids. Talking about her time on the cobbles, she added: "I missed working with Sue [Nicholls] at Audrey's salon because we had some amazing scenes in there and that's where you get everybody coming in and out as well as the Rovers which was the best of both worlds getting to work with so many people. "But I've been really lucky, I can't complain." Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.