Sam Quek, 33, announced late last year that she was expecting her second child with husband Tom Mairs. The surprise news came just seven months after the Question of Sport panellist gave birth to her first child. Sam and Tom welcomed daughter Molly into the world in March last year. In a new interview, Sam has addressed her second pregnancy and how she still manages to stay so busy with work. Sam became a permanent presenter of BBC One’s Morning Live last month and has no intentions to take time off until the birth. She told the Mirror: “I’m going to work right up to the birth because I’m feeling good. “It depends on the outcome of the birth as to when I actually come back.” According to the news outlet, Sam also admitted that her husband feels “guilty” that she became a mum just as she had achieved great success in her career. Sam recently made history as the first female captain on Question of Sport. She joined the programme last year following a shake up of the BBC One programme. In addition to taking part in the quiz show, Sam also presents sports coverage on the BBC. The former hockey player also highlighted that next year she will be able to enjoy all the things she did not do while pregnant. She went on: “Molly took 18 months to conceive, so we didn’t expect this one to happen so quickly. “I’ve been pregnant for my last two birthdays, Christmases and Valentine’s and I did say to Tom that I’m gonna have a big one next year! DON'T MISS...Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT]James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [LATEST]Ralf Little opens up on 'difficult decision' over disappointing news [VIDEO] “But it’s a small price to pay because I love Molly so much – and I know I will love this one the same." Sam’s new baby is now due just two weeks after her daughter turns one on March 2. She previously told OK! magazine that she and Tom wanted her children to have a narrow age gap. However, they did not expect to conceive their second child so soon after her first birth. Sam said: "It was a surprise but we didn’t stop it happening, if that makes sense. "We did discuss after Molly that we’d like kids close together and what close together meant. "My close together was 18 months and I wanted to start trying after Christmas. "But Tom’s close together was to start trying after my six-week check!"