Angels hitmaker Robbie Williams has told of his fears that his four children could inherit his problems with addiction. Speaking in a new interview, the singer, 48, spoke candidly of his worries that his children, Teddy, nine, Charlie, seven, Coco, three, and two-year-old Beau, could face addiction battles similar to his when they're old enough to drink. Speaking on the Bought The T-Shirt podcast, the Candy singer revealed that he's been sober for over two decades. Reflecting on times in his life which saw him battle with addiction, Robbie candidly spoke of his struggles. He said: "In that period there was a period of time for a year where I relapsed on a certain substance. "When I was 19 something happened to me one evening where I woke up the next day and I thought, ‘Oh, I’m an alcoholic and I’m an addict'", he admitted. READ MORE: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family However, the star told how he didn't seek help for another "two to three years". Robbie went on: "I have mainly been a sober person for a majority of my life. "Where I am now as a 46-year-old is content, there’s no binge," he added. But the star admitted that he still struggles with issues with food. He explained: "The last bastion of negative addictions for me that I can’t cope with is food, and I’m getting that down, I’m managing that, I’m managing that addiction. “The school doors close and the pub doors open and as simple as we breathe we just walk into those pubs and it’s a lottery whether you survive them or not. "It’s becoming apparent to me that there doesn’t have to be that paradigm. "That paradigm that you get your entertainment and you deal with life from numbing yourself. DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [UPDATE]Piers Morgan slams economist for criticising Zelenskyy's appearance [ANALYSIS]Josephine Jobert shares 'embarrassing' moment with Ralf Little [INSIGHT] "I don’t want to do anything about it, I’m just finding it interesting as a sober person of 46, we didn’t need to do that. It was just the route the river was taking you," he said. The star went on to speak about his four children, who he shares with 42-year-old wife Ayda Field, admitting that he worries about them arriving at this time in their life. Robbie continued: "I’ve got four kids and they’re all young, and I wonder how they’re going to approach that particular phase of their lives and how I’m going to approach that particular phase of their lives with them." The star has previously spoken about his battle with addiction which started when he shot to fame as a member of boyband Take That when he was 16. He elaborated on the podcast: "I took drugs to fill in the blanks. “When fame came to me at a very early age, I was 16 when I joined Take That, it magnified all of the negative aspects of who I thought I was. "Before that I was quite content but I was vulnerable and incredibly sensitive. "I felt like I’d been born with an open wound. Then when I was thrown into this mosh pit of show business it magnified the negative aspects of my own self-doubt," he explained.