Liverpool winger Mohamed Salah is a keen admirer of Barcelona boss Xavi, who is weighing up the possibility of bringing the Egyptian ace to the Nou Camp ahead of next season, according to reports. Salah has been linked with a future move away from Liverpool in recent months after rejecting the club's latest offer to extend his current deal, which is set to expire in the summer of 2023 as things stand. Salah has firmly established himself as one of Liverpool's most important assets over the last few years and can arguably be counted among the world's very best players after a hugely productive season on all fronts to date. He has chipped in with 28 goals in all competitions since the beginning of the campaign and has been pivotal to keeping Liverpool in the hunt for this season's Premier League title alongside Manchester City.However, it seems plausible that Liverpool could be forced to cash in on their prized winger this summer amid his ongoing failure to commit his long-term future to the Anfield club. Salah is said to be unwilling to accept the current terms on offer as he wants to be paid a salary that would reflect his status as one of the Premier League's biggest stars.A number of clubs have been credited with an interest in Salah as of late, including the likes of Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona. The latter have reportedly added the Liverpool man to their list of alternative targets to reinforce their attacking ranks if a move for Borussia Dortmund talisman Erling Haaland cannot be engineered before the start of next season. JUST IN: Man Utd have new manager announcement timeline despite new option It seems as though Salah would be open to the idea of joining Barcelona in the near future, with the former Chelsea and Roma man having developed a fondness for Xavi and his preferred style of football, according to Mundo Deportivo. The report claims that Salah is 'fixated' on the Barcelona manager, who has overseen a positive transformation at the Nou Camp in the months since taking charge of the club back in November.Meanwhile, Barcelona are reportedly keen on Salah as a result of his unquestionable skill and ability to perform under the weight of expectation that comes with playing for the Catalan heavyweights. His strong character and standing as a national hero in Egypt have also been identified as important factors, with club chiefs aware that his arrival would allow them to exploit the African market and open up new sponsorship possibilities. It remains to be seen whether Salah will seek a move away from Liverpool in search of a new challenge over the coming months or if he can eventually negotiate a new deal with the Reds that suits all parties. He recently insisted that he has not been making unreasonable demands in talks with the six-time European champions when quizzed on the prospect of signing a contract extension earlier this year."I want to stay, but it’s not in my hands," he told GQ in a wide-ranging interview back in January. "It’s in their hands. They know what I want, I’m not asking for crazy stuff."The thing is when you ask for something and they show you they can give you something, because they appreciate what you did for the club. I’ve been here for my fifth year here now. I know the club very well, I love the fans, the fans love me, but with the administration, they have [been] told the situation." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here