For those of us living in Northern Ireland the NI Protocol which reduces choice and increases cost has been with us since last January and has certainly had an impact on our retail economy. We then thought the economy would grow as we came out of Covid restrictions in a tentative way and indeed the indicators were not too bad. In November the discussion around energy costs and security of supply of energy at the time of the Glasgow summit on climate change was concentrating minds on the cost of moving away from fossil fuels and what it would mean for ordinary people, but it is the war in Ukraine which has accelerated costs and concerns about where we get our energy from. The price of fuel for our cars is spiralling as we search for forecourts with the lowest cost and I can only imagine what the fuel costs are doing to the bottom line of companies that travel around the UK providing services in those all-important white vans. Those companies will have to pass on those increased fuel charges and it is the customers who will have to pay – you and me. It is the elderly, the vulnerable and the struggling who will be hit hardest however especially with the cost of home heating oil, electricity and gas. The trite comment that people will have to choose between heating and eating will become a reality and our foodbanks will be very busy. Families who work hard to manage their household budgets and make the books balance have been thrown into despair as they try and work through those sums and try to work out what they can do without. I fear for many it will be the holiday they have been denied by Covid for two years. So, what to do? Yes, Government should intervene through direct help and they should also scrap the planned increase in National Insurance contributions. Government’s ability to reduce VAT on energy bills is constrained by the NI protocol as Europe would have to approve any reduction for NI under the terms of the protocol, and this may explain why Government have not as yet taken this step. The Chancellor could however reduce the so-called ‘green’ taxes which are included in our energy bills at present, because although we all want to do more on climate change, we must deal with real pressures on working families which are happening right now. Choices will have to be made. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In the medium to longer term, we do need an energy policy which works for the UK. The idea that we ignore the gas reserves, whether shale gas or gas below the North Sea, is for the birds as we face into an energy crisis. Security of our own supply of energy aligned with cost of energy should be the dual drivers at this particular time. We need to have a meaningful conversation about whether fracking for shale gas is commercially and geologically viable instead of just dismissing it out of hand. And then off course there is nuclear and what role it has to play, especially small-scale reactors which are not subject to the same safety and financial concerns which are attached to the big reactors of the past. But both extraction of shale gas and building nuclear reactors are medium to long term issues and in the short term we need to react to the geo political pressures accelerated by Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, which may include bringing in more LNG from America and the middle east. So, Government can take immediate steps and plan for the future needs but we too can do little things which can add up to make a bit of a difference and reduce our energy demand.  For example, we could turn down the heat by one notch which can save on our heating bills and channelling my late father, we should try and turn of the lights when we leave a room rather than ‘having the house lit up like a Christmas tree’ – his words not mine!! Small actions and behavioural change should be part of trying to save as we enter this time of great costs for all our households. We all have our part to play in reducing demand for energy - good luck with the teenagers!