Lawns need regular maintenance to keep them looking healthy and green. However, sometimes it can seem impossible to obtain all year round. No matter what, often it can end up looking patchy and unkempt. Fear not, gardening experts at Green Industry Pros are on hand to share a few common lawn care mistakes that may be causing these lawn woes. In order to maintain a healthy lawn, the right amount of water must be applied at the right time. Typically, a green lawn requires an inch of water per week. This amount can vary depending on the climate you are working in. A common mistake is watering the lawn on a daily basis. The lawn experts said: “This small amount of water is insufficient to reach the roots of the grass. The grass can dry up and become brown. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it On the opposite side of the spectrum, giving the lawn an inch of water all at once over-saturates the area. The experts added: “This means the majority of the water is running off and away from the roots of the grass. “This also results in a brown and crispy lawn. “The ideal method for watering the grass is giving it a third of an inch three times a week, early in the morning as this allows the roots to fully hydrate and retain water. Cutting the grass too close to the roots is another frequently made mistake and can cause the grass to look unhealthy. The experts said: “Never cut more than one third off of the blades of the grass at any one time. DON'T MISS: Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT]Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [TIPS]Houseplants: ‘Easy’ hacks for watering your plants while away [INSIGHT] “This will allow the grass to regenerate properly. “Remember not to cut the grass too short at the end of the growing season as this can encourage weed growth that could out-compete the grass. “Always mow the lawn with a sharpened blade to avoid damaging and bruising the grass blades.” For gardeners to even begin thinking about growing healthy grass they need to ensure their soil is in good condition. The gardening pros said: “Grass does better when it has a good base. “This can mean that the soil is too rocky or lacks essential minerals needed to thrive.” Aerating and thatching the lawn can help to alleviate this. Fertiliser is essential to healthy lawns, but incorrect use can “damage” grass blades. The lawn experts said: “Applying too much fertiliser can damage the lawn and depending on the type of fertiliser, it can burn the grass. This will injure or destroy it. “The burning is due to high levels of nitrogen typically found in lawn fertilisers, which makes the lawn brown and patchy and can lead to other types of disease or problems.” The gardening experts advised using a slow release fertiliser, so the lawn doesn't burn. What’s more, make sure to test the soil first so gardeners can purchase the correct fertiliser to replace minerals that are lacking. Some areas of the lawn can be ill suited for grass. Areas that rarely see daylight won't do well with any grass seed. The experts said: “Even shade grass seed varieties require some light to stay green and healthy. “Shaded areas generally stay too moist and are more prone to moss growth than sunnier locations. “Consider turning this segment of the lawn into a shade planting bed as this will save time and grief trying to maintain the perfect lawn.”