Although a major overhaul of the Highway Code was unveiled in January 2022, accident claims lawyers Bolt Burdon Kemp have called on the Government to take concerns seriously. They warn that dozens of fatalities could occur on UK roads if the right checks and legal balances aren't in place ahead of major driving law changes later this year. Major road alterations have been made in previous years, including the March 2020 removal of the hard shoulder on smart motorways. Smart motorways use technology to regulate traffic flow in order to decrease congestion, with many hoping the technology would be able to quickly and reliably detect if motorists are stranded on the road. However, experts from Bolt Burdon Kemp have pointed out that between 2014 and 2019, there were 38 fatalities on smart motorways where the hard shoulder was removed. Between 2020 and 2021, motorists’ concerns about smart motorways increased by 50 percent. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers The removal of the hard shoulder means motorists who break down might find themselves stationary on a live lane of traffic and could be hit from behind by vehicles travelling at speed. In April 2021, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps announced that no new All Lane Running smart motorways would be implemented until better safety measures are in place. Joshua Hughes, Partner and Head of the Complex Injury team at Bolt Burdon Kemp, called the loss of life on smart motorways “preventable” and “unacceptable”. He added: “System failures around the effective monitoring of ALR smart motorways such as faulty cameras and other failures can mean vehicles are stranded in a stream of high speed traffic unable to reach a refuge point. DON'T MISSNumber plate changes hit the UK this week [INSIGHT]New car tax changes will hit petrol and diesel owners with daily fee [WARNING]Drivers urged to pay car tax ahead of major VED changes next month [SHOCKING] “There could be complex arguments raised by those bringing or facing personal injury proceedings whereby a vehicle collides with a stalled vehicle whose driver is unable to find refuge in what used to be a hard shoulder.” They claim the introduction of the Automated Lane Keeping System (ALKS) could create a grey area for legal liability. In January 2022, the Law Commission sought to clarify the situation by stating that any vehicle fitted with the technology would need to pass a two-stage process of approval before it can be used lawfully in self-driving mode. In this circumstance, if drivers fail to take back control and an accident occurs, they may be held responsible for the accident. Where accidents occur when the ALKS is engaged, the human driver will likely avoid liability. It comes as self-driving cars could be introduced in spring 2022 and would be able to drive up to 37mph in a single lane without the driver interacting with it. Drivers must be able to take control of the vehicle within 10 seconds if required, with the hope being that it will reduce stress during motorway traffic jams. Bolt Burdon Kemp has called on the Government to make “crucial” changes to the Highway Code, arguing: “Without regulation evolving with the advent of new technology, drivers’ lives could be put at risk”. Further driving law changes will be introduced in July when Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) technology is launched. The “black boxes” will keep information such as speed, braking and steering positions a few minutes before an accident. Mr Hughes continued, saying: “The primary legal implication anticipated here is around the storage of ‘black box’ data that can be obtained by law enforcement following an incident. “It is anticipated that access to this data will make it easier to determine the facts of collisions and significantly affect personal injury proceedings.”