Kate Middleton stepped out alongside Prince William to visit Daystar Evangelical Church today. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge who have spent the last couple of days in the Bahamas heard first-hand what it was like to be on the island at the point o Hurricane Dorian. For the occasion, Kate wore a bright pink dress and sandals.  The dress is by Rixo, and is named the Izzy Dress Pink Marble Zebra, and currently retails for £245. It features long sleeves with a buttoned-down collar and panelling detail. Kate paired the dress with a pair of tan espadrille wedges. The shoes Carina 80mm wedge espadrilles by Castañer and retail for £115. READ MORE: Meghan Markle unlikely to 'get hands on any royal palaces' They are a popular choice for the Duchess, who has been wearing them since 2019. That year she wore them to four public engagements, then again three times in 2020 and none in 2021. Each time, Kate has paired the wedged shoe with a midi or maxi length dress for a stylish summer look. In terms of accessories, Kate wore her hair down in her signature wave and opted for Maya earrings by Nadia Irena which she has worn several times already on the Royal Caribbean tour. DON'T MISS...Kate spotted cooing over baby just weeks after 'broody' confession [PICTURES]Queen refuses wheelchair but may use ‘mobility scooter’ behind closed [INSIDER]Kate Middleton steps out in shorts during Bahamas boat trip [LATEST] The Duchess also carried a  small clutch bag with her in the same shade of pink as her dress. The bag was by designer Emmy London and retails at £370. The exact clutch Kate has is Natasha Cupcake Bright Pink Clutch Bag and is a “classic hand-crafted clutch” which “opens to reveal a soft neutral oyster suede lining and a zip pocket”. The Natasha clutch also “comes with a detachable gold and leather chain strap for your shoulder”. Royal fans commented on Kate’s outfit, one said: “Ah she is wearing my favourite colour again love the dress.” “A beautiful pink shirt and blouse, practical, elegant, she is beautiful with anything. A Goddess,” another wrote. One fan suggested Kate’s pink dress earned her the title of an “English rose!” A third added: “Wearing very bright colours like Her Majesty the Queen. For sure, it makes it easier to locate where she is in a crowd.” Despite looking radiant in pink, some noticed how tired the Duchess looked: “She looks shattered , beautiful as always but she needs a rest.” Someone else chimed: “She looks exhausted. But her sense of duty prevails. Amazing.” Another commented on Kate’s appearance: “Our Kate always smiling!!”