Expats Josh and Vicky moved to Valencia, Spain with their dog Hodu. They detailed some of the downsides of moving country, along with some highlights. Josh and Vicky, who post videos about their expat experience on their YouTube channel A Couple of Nomads, told Express.co.uk: "We love our life here in Spain. "It’s a great country with negatives like every other of the 30 countries we have visited around the globe." The pair, who recently praised open-minded Spanairds, went on: "Spain is a great country, it’s not perfect, but has lots of great things to offer such as high quality of life, great food, safe cities, awesome people, and amazing culture." The hardest part of expat life, according to the couple, is something many would relate to if moving across the world. READ MORE: British expats 'really love' Portugal but say Brexit has made life there 'more difficult' The couple said: "The hardest part has been missing weddings, newborn babies, family birthdays and holidays, just being away from our loved ones, but it hasn’t made us reconsider our move. "We are hoping that our families visit us here in Spain soon so they too can experience this amazing country." Vicky and Joshua warned expat hopefuls should think carefully about money and how they will finance their new lives. "The number one thing we would say is to have an open mind and also financially prepare," they said. DON'T MISS'Don't need a million to retire': How expat couple travel in luxury [REAL LIFE] Couple in Spain detail the 'best time to get the best food' [INSIGHT] Expat in Spain on culture 'shocks' - 'Spaniards are loud' [TRAVEL] "A vacation is not the same as an international move. Once the 'honeymoon' stage is over, you will face real life." It's also important to embrace the culture of your new home, they said, adding: "You will be away from friends and families and other things that you are comfortable with. "You will have to get out of your comfort zone and try things you have never done before. "So, take the bull by the horns. Learn the language, meet new people and try some new delicious food. "We think here in Spain, that with an open mind, you can experience life like never before." While the couple loves their new life in Spain, they also discussed some common misconceptions when it comes to moving to the country permanently. The couple claimed the tourist image of Spain is far from the reality. The weather was a large misconception about the area, the couple said. They said: "In the wintertime here in Valencia it’s cold. Maybe not as cold as the U.K. but, Valencia is colder than most expect. "Waking up mid-January in the morning it’s as low as 1 degree outside. "So, bring a winter coat, most people here are bundled up in hats, scarves, and maybe even gloves while drinking a beer on a terrace." Weather in Spain varies each season depending on where in the country you live. However, it doesn't rain in Spain as much as it does in the UK.