The former UK Ambassador to the US explained how Vladimir Putin can be removed as President of Russia, warning that any attempt to oust him will have to come from an ex-KGB member or from the people of Russia themselves. President Putin has been facing global and political backlash for his heinous attack on Ukraine.  Western Governments have been rushing to sanction Russia, and the sanctions seem to be working as Russia has been banned from banks, sporting events, and much more. Mr Meyer told GB News: "If you are looking to see if someone going to remove Putin, it would have to be from inside Russia itself. "Either from inside the securocrat ex-KGB military elite, I have no idea if this is happening or not, but it could be. "And the other thing that could happen is a growing groundswell of popular dissatisfaction with the regime. "And we may be starting to see that in the demonstrations and the number of Russian citizens.  READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  Mr Meyer added: "And we may be starting to see that now in the run on the ruble. "People getting really worried about their savings and whether they can have access to them. "And what the heck do they do if the banks freeze up and stop them putting cash into the cash dispensers. "It's a very dangerous moment for Putin, and because I think he is quite irrational at the moment and an irrational man under pressure with nuclear weapons is not a happy sight." READ MORE: 'Thought we were saving you' Putin under threat as Russians growing wary of propaganda     Taras Kuzio, an expert in Ukrainian political, economic, and security affairs echoed a similar sentiment. Mr Kuzio said: "[Putin] has become more dictatorial and more politically repressing and has put more people in jail.  "I don't think this is a popular war and I think the sanctions will also lead to a speeding up of the decline of Russia as a great power. "Russia was already different to China as China was a rising power and Russia was a declining power." he added: "For him, it will end badly as it always does for dictators. Boris Johnson slammed the Russian President during a live conference on the war in Ukraine, describing Putin's actions as "barbaric and indiscriminate tactics against innocent civilians" He said: "Putin has stubbed his toe and tripped on a giant and immovable fact, which is no matter how many troops and tanks he sends, the Ukrainians' desire to live in a free and independent country is something that holds. And in this desire, the UK will always give them our wholehearted support.    