Russia is persisting in its attempts to gain ground in Ukraine, laying siege to the city of Mariupol in the east of the country and targeting Kyiv and Kharkiv with heavy bombing. Vladimir Putin placed his nuclear forces on high alert two days into the invasion and Russian forces have taken over the nuclear power plant of Chernobyl, sparking fears of potential accidents. International relations expert Victori Gao insisted Russia and Ukraine must resume negotiations for a ceasefire as he warned the littlest miscalculation could lead to a "nuclear holocaust." Speaking to Channel 4, Mr Gao said: "China does not pick and choose one side versus the other because right now the key is to bring back sanity, bring back the rationality, bring back negotiations and diplomacy and dialogue rather than encouraging one side to deal with the other side bu force or by supplying weapons of lethal nature to the other side against the other. "Otherwise you are pushing the situation really to the brink of further unravelling, which may trigger another, large disaster. "And this disaster will not only be involving the Russians or the Ukrainians in Ukraine. "It may really spill out of this country into a global disaster. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG He continued: "I'm really worried about, for example, nuclear reactors getting out of control and their miscalculation, one way or another, either by Russia or by a member of NATO states, or by some politician in Ukraine who may call the wrong shot and which eventually, unfortunately, will lead to a nuclear holocaust. "We need to stop this madness. We need to bring back sanity and rationality. "We need to save the Ukrainians and, at the same time, saving mankind as a whole. This is no longer a very small-scale war. "This is a war which may threaten the survival of the human species." READ MORE: Major UK city to ban petrol and diesel cars: low emissions zone affects all vehicles Moscow faced heavy criticism last week after footage and reports emerged showing Russian missiles sparking a fire at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. According to the Ria Novosti news agency, both Chernobyl and Zaporizhzhia are being run and managed by Ukrainian technicians under Russian control. Russia's atomic energy agency Rosatom aid an external power supply was being restored to the defunct Chernobyl plant, site of the world's worst nuclear accident in 1986, with the help of Russian specialists. DON'T MISS: EXCLUSIVE: British soldiers explain why they are fighting in Ukraine [EXCLUSIVE]Kyiv praises Boris for refusing to wait for EU to act [INTERVIEW]Huge Ukrainian protest erupts after Russian forces kidnap mayor [VIDEO] Kyiv warned of the increased risk of radiation leaks from Chernobyl if its high-voltage power line, damaged in the fighting, was not repaired. The Ukrainian state nuclear company Energoatom said on Friday that staff at Zaporizhzhia were under strong psychological pressure from the Russians present. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said this week that it had lost touch with remote systems monitoring nuclear material at Chernobyl and Zaporizhzhia. IAEA chief Rafael Grossi voiced concern that staff might be working under undue pressure after earlier reports suggested they were being given little food and a chance to sleep.