Kevin Cabra Netherton, CEO of campervan hire company GOAT Roadtrip urgently needs help both at his main office in Leeds and remotely from anywhere in the country. After visa applications for the government’s Homes for Ukraine scheme opened on Friday, Kevin drove to the Polish-Ukrainian border and has been working with local NGOs to identify Ukrainian refugees who want to move to the UK. Meanwhile, GOAT Roadtrip’s co-founder Philip Cabra Netherton - Kevin’s brother - and a team of volunteers from the company’s Leeds office have identified and met with British families who have signed up for the scheme and are prepared to open up their homes to people fleeing the war in Ukraine. Today (Wednesday), the team made a first successful match between an interior designer from Kyiv named Oksana and her 15-year-old son with a family living in Guiseley, West Yorkshire. After setting up a meet and greet Zoom call during which the families were able to meet virtually for the first time, both parties agreed to proceed and filled out their visa application forms online with the help of the GOAT team. The host family said: “We are really excited to welcome Oksana and her son to our home and to help them get settled in the UK. We created a video for them to show them our home and to put them at ease before their journey.” The next step will be to arrange train tickets for Oksana and her son to travel to Britain. READ MORE: EU fury as Macron allows French companies to resume business in Russia GOAT Roadtrip’s sister company Euroventure, a European rail tour operator, will organise and supply the special refugee train tickets via Germany, Netherlands and the UK. Kevin Cabra Netherton said: “We have overcome the first challenge of matching a family with their UK hosts, filling out their applications for them and submitting them through the website. “Now, we are waiting for the government to approve the applications so that we can start the process of arranging their transport to the UK. Since our first successful application this morning, we already have another four families to match. “The news of us being here offering this service is spreading.” DON'T MISSZelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION]Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL]People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT]  Philip Cabra Netherton added: “We’ve been personally going out to meet the UK hosts and vetting them properly to ensure the safety and comfort of arriving refugees.” Volunteer Oliver Reynolds said: “It’s heart-warming to see the number of volunteers and organisations that are helping in these extreme circumstances, as well as the amount of donations and aid given by ordinary people across the world.” Millions of people have fled Ukraine after Vladimir Putin’s invasion almost a month ago, and thousands of them are being offered sanctuary in Britain. GOAT Roadtrip is still looking for more volunteers nationwide to help with its operation in any way they can. They can register their interest via the contact form: www.goatroadtrip.com/ukraine