A number of potential suitors remain interested in the idea of buying Chelsea in spite of the government sanctions that were handed down to Roman Abramovich on Thursday, according to reports. The Blues owner's assets have been frozen in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, with the club no longer able to sell match-day tickets, merchandise or renegotiate contracts as a result of the new measures. Abramovich recently spoke of his desire to sell Chelsea after the government came under public pressure to sanction the 55-year-old oligarch in light of recent developments in Ukraine. The licence used to freeze his assets was initially thought to have prevented the sale of the club, which would have potentially left the Blues in a state of limbo for the foreseeable future. However, the UK government retains the power to implement special measures to allow a sale to go through if they decide that it would be in the best interests of Chelsea and not Abramovich. Prospective bidders have been left in the dark as a result of Thursday's developments but are still eager to find a solution over the coming days and weeks, according to The Telegraph. The report claims that one party is adamant that their interest remains just as strong as it was before the government sanctions were handed down on Thursday. JUST IN: Mauricio Pochettino 'faces PSG sack' and knows next project A sale will reportedly be allowed to go ahead if Abramovich agrees to let the UK government handle the process and decide where the funds will go. It seems as though he will have little alternative than to eventually play along in order to avoid a 'doomsday' alternative in which Chelsea would remain in a state of paralysis. Abramovich is said to be desperate to protect his legacy at Stamford Bridge and would ultimately be willing to co-operate with any solution that would result in a change of ownership. The total value of any sale is expected to be north of the £2billion mark, with at least one formal bid understood to have already been made. A consortium led by American billionaire Todd Boehly and Swiss business magnate Hansjorg Wyss are said to have tabled an offer in the region of £2.5bn, which is still believed to be on the table. New York Jets owner Woody Johnson has been put forward as another interested party., while the wealthy Ricketts family are also said to be keeping a close eye on the situation. British billionaire Nick Candy and Turkish businessman Muhsin Bayrak have also claimed to be in the running to purchase Chelsea in the not-too-distant future. It remains to be seen how the situation in west London will unfold over the coming weeks and months if a sale cannot be engineered by the UK government as a matter of urgency. Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan recently offered his thoughts on the saga by insisting that Abramovich should not be praised for his influence on the landscape of English football. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "People were attributing last week the evolution of the Premier League to people like Roman Abramovich," Jordan told talkSPORT on Monday morning. "With due respect, with the exception of Chelsea, Roman Abramovich was one of the worst things that could've happened to English football. "We were on a direction of travel that was already upwards. Our Premier League was already flying, we already had the broadcasters throwing money at us hand over fist. "What you did was you created hyperinflation. You might have broken up the duopoly, you might have stopped the powerhouses that were [Manchester] United and Arsenal for a period of time. "But that was going to happen anyway because ownership models were changing. What you did was you changed the landscape by making football so financially unviable for your own reasons." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here