Luis Enrique is a genuine contender for the Manchester United job despite his position in charge of the Spain national team, according to reports. The Red Devils are considering their options as they look to hire a successor to Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And while Erik ten Hag is the frontrunner for the post, there’s no guarantee the Ajax boss will take over. Manchester United sacked Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in November, mere months after they’d given the Norwegian a new contract. And they’re now embarking on yet another managerial search having hired and fired the likes of David Moyes, Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho in addition to Solskjaer in recent years. Rangnick got given the job on an interim basis earlier in the campaign but isn’t believed to be under consideration to secure the role permanently. To this point, it’s become clear Ten Hag is the frontrunner for the job despite the likes of Julen Lopetegui and Mauricio Pochettino also attracting interest behind the scenes. But the Daily Mail say Enrique is a ‘genuine contender’. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It’s claimed the 51-year-old has ‘many admirers’ at Old Trafford and would be attractive from a financial perspective. That’s because United would not have to pay ‘top dollar’ to prise him away from Spain, whereas Ten Hag and Pochettino would require clauses in their contracts to be met. Enrique started his managerial career at Barcelona B, where he spent three years before taking charge of Serie A side Roma. He lasted just a year there before taking charge of Celta Vigo, with Barcelona then giving him the top job in 2014. Enrique initially encountered problems in the Nou Camp, with his relationship with Lionel Messi believed to be tense at one stage. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Yet the duo managed to sort out any issues behind the scenes and Barcelona went on to win the treble in 2015, with Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez all playing a starring role. He took a break after his departure from Barca in May 2017 before taking charge of Spain in 2018. Enrique was forced to quit the role for personal reasons but re-secured it in November 2019, where he’s held it ever since. To this point, the former Barcelona and Real Madrid star has merely been viewed as an outsider behind both Ten Hag and Pochettino. Yet it’s claimed those with knowledge of the situation have insisted he’s very much in the running at the current moment in time. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here What may be an issue, however, is Spain’s appearance at this year’s World Cup in Qatar. Enrique wants to lead his side to glory, especially after coming close to steering them to the European Championships final back in the summer. And what ultimately happens remains to be seen. In November, after the sacking of Solskjaer, it was claimed that Enrique was actually Cristiano Ronaldo’s top target to take over. Yet when quizzed on potentially becoming United manager, the Spain boss brutally said: "Is today April Fools' Day?" Earlier in the season, former United star Owen Hargreaves expressed a belief Enrique was perfect for the role. “I think one name that’s not on there which I’d like to see is Luis Enrique,” the pundit told BT Sport. “If you manage a big club like Barcelona and you win the treble there, and then you can go and take a pretty average team to a semi-final… “I think that’s the type of guy – and he’s only managing the national team. He could come in and do the job now. “I think he would transform Manchester United into a good team, into a great team.”