Homeowners can buy beautiful cut flowers, which will never die. The dried blooms, coming in all hues, will last forever in your home, making them a bargain and better for the planet than "wasteful fresh flowers". Mary-Anne Da'marzo, founded of Soho-based dried flower shop, The Last Bunch. She went viral on her TikTok account for a video detailing where fans can buy her preserved flowers. Mary-Anne creates artisan preserved flowers. Preserved flowers are a more sustainable alternative and can last for years in your home. While fresh cut flowers are the standard, they die quickly and need to be constantly replaced. However, these flowers last much, much longer. READ MORE: ‘Maximum amount of life’: ‘Best way’ to keep cut flowers fresh for longer - watering tips Mary Anne told Express.co.uk: "I just can’t help but think how wasteful fresh flowers can be. "I wanted to create something that preserved beauty and also had sustainability benefits." She said: "The Last Bunch buys flowers from florist retailers just before they hit the end of life, so nothing is thrown away." After creating an e-commerce site for The Last Bunch, Mary-Anne made a TikTok asking if she should open a high street pop-up. DON'T MISS'Best' way to make cut flowers last longer - an overnight stay in the fridge [HACKS] Keep cut flowers fresh using just two everyday kitchen ingredients [HOW TO] The 95p hack to keep any cut flowers thriving for longer [TRICK] The TikTok, had over 100k views, taking the flower brand account from 0 followers to 1,500 overnight, with 2,000 comments urging her to do it. After the success of the first video, Mary-Anne extended the popup lease. She has since created another TikTok to raise awareness of the location of the store behind Piccadilly Circus which is now going viral. Mary Anne said: "Once I get an idea in my head I don’t stop until it’s done. "The flower business was no different. I’ve always loved preserved flowers. "I’ve been creating installations in my house for years they look gorgeous and last forever. "I fleetingly put out a TikTok asking my followers if I should set up a store in Soho and well.. the rest is history! Five days later, there I was with a shop." Fans commented on Mary-Anne's latest vital video. One wrote: "Clever way of advertising." Another said: "Ok. Seriously. One of the best ads ever. Need to pop in some time." Flowers can be preserved in a number of ways. Flowers can be air-dried, simply hung upside down. Looking after these flowers carefully will keep them looking beautiful in your home for longer. Follow these tips to preserve dried flowers: