Ryan Reynolds joined Lorraine Kelly to discuss his upcoming film, The Adam Project, which sees Ryan's character Big Adam Reid meets his younger self after time-travelling from the year 2050. Discussing the film with Lorraine, he began to speak about his enjoyment of filming the movie and how well his co-star Walker Scobell took on the role but not before teasing the young actor. During the clip that played of the interview Lorraine conducted with Ryan, she asked: "Your new little co-star, Walker Scobell, he is a wee bit of a scene-stealer don't you think?" "He is, he is a cheeky little b******, I will tell you that much, he really is," he teased. The dig was all in jest as Ryan went on to compliment Walker and commented: "There is no stopping that kid, he is amazing, we read hundreds and hundreds of kids for that role. "I think the second sentence out of Walker's mouth (was when) we knew that he was the guy. "Not only is he an amazing actor, which is what we were looking for, but he is also an incredible mimic. READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? "He could mimic my cadence and sort of delivery in ways that was kind of baffling." Lorraine went on to ask: "As well as it being entertaining and all of that, it's about loss, isn't it? "It's about love, and it's about loss, and it's about that father and son and important relationships." Ryan agreed and said: "When my older self shows up in the year 2022, I sort of end up there by accident, and of course, I run into my 12-year-old self who looks at his father as a superhero. "I see this same man as a supervillain, so we sort of begin this journey towards some understanding of each other's perspectives. "So many of the things in the movie echo my real life, certainly not the time travel part but the rest, I really do echo my life. "I had an incredibly complicated relationship with my dad, who passed away back in 2015, and I had a lot of stories I told myself about him and stories that corroborated my own shortcomings." During the latest instalment of Entertainment Weekly's Around the Table Video series, Ryan touched on his father's death. He said: "There's a line in there that is from my real life, which is that 'boys always come back for their mamas.' And that's very true when my dad passed away. DON'T MISS...Lorraine sparks frenzy as she swears live on air [INSIGHT]Lorraine hits out at Meghan Markle's sister for suing Duchess [WATCH]'Unflappable' Ryan Reynolds flashed movie set in modesty malfunction [WATCH] "I'm one of four boys, and it was just like this circling the wagons around my mom. "We really all came back for her in a way that I know was incredibly meaningful to her. And to this day, she still talks about it." After talking about his new film, Lorraine teased Ryan and said that the UK had "adopted" him after buying Wrexham Football Club. Back in February 2021, Ryan teamed up with Rob McElhenney to take 100 per cent control of the non-league Welsh club. He told Lorraine that the pair had "brought glamour and excitement to football" and revealed it was a passion project for him and Rob. The pair also spoke about the ongoing crisis in Ukraine, where Ryan and his wife Blake Lively pledged to match donations up to $1,000,000 to support the refugees. Speaking on the support, he said: "I’m really amazed at how much people have stepped up. Our contribution was matched almost within 24 hours. "Both my wife and I realise how lucky we are to be able to do that." Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays from 9am on ITV and ITV Hub.