AC Milan are reportedly keen to sign Divock Origi from Liverpool in the summer transfer window. Origi is out of contract with the Reds on July 1 and is expected to end his eight-year stay with the club.    The Belgian striker is on the fringes of the Liverpool squad, with Jurgen Klopp boasting several top-quality attackers in his squad. Origi has started just five games in all competitions this season, with Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino, Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz ahead of him in the pecking order. The 26-year-old striker has contributed 40 goals and 17 assists in 171 appearances for Liverpool since his £10million transfer from Lille in 2014. He has scored some iconic goals over the years, but has never broken through to hold down a place in Klopp’s first XI. It now looks as though Origi will leave the club when his contract expires and he is not short of suitors, with attention coming from the Premier League and Serie A. According to Calciomercato, Milan are particularly keen, with sporting director Paolo Maldini ‘captivated’ by his performance against them in a 2-1 Champions League win at San Siro in December. JUST IN: Klopp tipped to replace Salah with two Premier League stars  Origi scored one of his five goals in 14 appearances this season that night and AC Milan have already been in contact with his representatives over a summer move. Milan could face competition from the likes of Atalanta, Fiorentina and Napoli, while Burnley were credited with interest in January. Liverpool’s success this season has owed a lot to the squad depth provided by the likes of Origi and Takumi Minamino. Klopp admitted this week that keeping everyone happy has been a tricky task and the summer transfer window will likely prompt the changes to the ranks.  DON'T MISS Arsenal told two ways they can beat Liverpool and 'exploit' weaknesses Liverpool, Man Utd and Chelsea in three-way battle for Barcelona ace Liverpool's Klopp gives seven-word response to Salah's agent's tweet "It is incredibly hard for him (Origi) and for me as well because it is really tough, these kinds of things. Taki is in an incredible moment,” he told Sky Sports. "It is unlikely with the size of the squad that we now stay exactly like this together. “For sure, some of the players do not play often enough for their own understanding and we will see what will come in the summer and find solutions for those situations. But the core of the group has to stay together.There is no doubt about that." Diaz’s arrival from Porto for an initial fee of £37.5m in January has further strengthened Klopp’s hand and the Liverpool boss recognises just how good the current group are. "Of course, it is,” he said when asked if the current batch of players were the strongest squad he’s had in his time in charge. “Funnily enough, apart from Luis, it is the same squad that we had when we started the season. We had this strong squad, they were just unavailable. Now they are available. That makes it the squad that we always wanted to have." 