Emmerdale has been hit by another race row as a security guard for the ITV soap was recently fired. The dismissal reportedly follows claims he had insulted a group of Chinese tourists and ranted about the Qur’an. This is the second time in the past 12 months the show has been clouded with controversy relating to racism.   Former soldier Duane Gardner has hit out at Emmerdale after being fired from his job as a security guard. He was recently sacked from his role following a disciplinary panel hearing. Two colleagues reportedly filed a complaint against Duane alleging that they’d heard him making “offensive and racist” comments in the security office. However, since his dismissal, Duane has spoken out about the matter and claims to have been “victimised”. READ MORE: Row breaks out on Vine as Dr Shola calls Boris a liar   Following the complaints from his colleagues, Duane was brought before the panel by security firm Minimal Risk Consultancy who contracted him to the ITV soap. He insisted bosses could not fully prove the claims against himand a report cited an “on set car crash” as a reason for his sacking. Duane had been working on Emmerdale for around two years before being sacked. This comes months after two Emmerdale actors found themselves at the centre of a racism probe.  Matthew Wolfenden, who plays David Metcalfe, and Isabel Hodgins, who plays Victoria Sugden were reportedly swept up in a dispute last year. The soap stars were temporarily absent from Emmerdale while an investigation took place. The duo missed out on filming after it was alleged an inappropriate comment was made about a female mixed-race cast member. Both Matthew and Isabel categorically denied claims of racism and suggested it was simply a misunderstanding. DON'T MISS...Saturday Kitchen guests change outfits after Matt Tebbutt jibe [MUST SEE]BBC Breakfast taken off air as alarm goes off live on show [UPDATE]'Does that mean snow?’ BBC host stunned by Thursday weather forecast [WATCH] After looking into the matter, ITV bosses eventually accepted the alleged remarks were “misheard” and no formal action was taken against the actors. Isabel and Matthew, who both joined Emmerdale in 2006, have since returned to filming the hit ITV soap. Airing his frustration, Duane compared his situation to that of the two soap stars. He commented: “I find it astonishing I was fired when that saga with the actors was brushed under the carpet.  "I’ve done absolutely nothing wrong,” Duane told The Sun. MRC reportedly told the Sun that they “did not recognise" Duane’s version of events. Express.co.uk have reached out to Emmerdale about the matter, but they have declined to comment. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV. 