The Scottish TV star told fellow presenter Mark Dolan that even if a “hundred mile wide asteroid” was 10 minutes away from earth, Scotland’s First Minister would claim it’s impact would be less in an independent Scotland. Mr Oliver also argued that the Russian invasion of Ukraine has shown how small and narrow the SNP’s fixation with independence was.  He said: “The SNP are small; we are run by a small mean-spirited group who are incompetent and incapable. “Here we are, we have a land war in Europe and everything about the SNP looks small. “The SNP’s preoccupation with other people’s children, with gender issues. “In the face of their inability to have a party in a brewery.  “If there was a hundred mile wide asteroid 10 minutes from colliding with planet Earth. “Nicola Sturgeon would step up to the podium and say that an independent Scotland would cope better with the impact.” The former BBC Coast presenter went on to slam the SNP’s record in Government, including during the Covid crisis. He said: “The failure of education, the failure of industry, the failure of the economy, the failure of infrastructure, the drugs death and the lower life expectancy. READ MORE: Awkward moment maskless Boris glares at Trudeau  “The last couple of years, for all the posturing on behalf of Nicola Sturgeon to follow a different path we didn’t have a better war in many respects. “We had a worse war than the rest of the UK, all of that posturing didn’t make any difference.” Mr Oliver blasted the electoral system in Scotland that had cemented a “one party state”. He said: “The devolution settlement gave us a version of proportional representation that was like that old line about a horse designed by a committee ends up looking like a camel.  DON'T MISS: Farmers vow to snub Boris at next election in fury at Brexit stitch-up [REVEAL] Russian troops make 'no progress' in invasion as Putin humiliated  [INSIGHT] Brexit LIVE: ‘Exclude the EU!’ Furious Britons erupt [SPOTLIGHT] “It was supposed to prevent any majority holding sway in Holyrood, but the SNP found a way to game the system. “So we find ourselves in a situation where we are a one party state with a mostly supine opposition. “We’re not just a one-party state, we’re run by a one issue party that’s the tragedy of modern Scotland.” 