The new statistics also show fewer drivers were using compliant petrol and diesel cars in Birmingham's Clean Air Zone than was previously predicted by the council. The data comes from a six-month report into the Clean Air Zone which launched daily fees back in the summer. The statistics show 11 percent of car drivers were still non-compliant with the emissions zone in December 2021. This means their cars do not meet Euro 4 petrol criteria or Euro 6 diesel rules. When the daily fee came into effect on June 15, the volume of non-compliant cars dropped from approximately 15,000 to 9,000. They said compliance rates for this category has steadily increased from 81.8 percent in June 2021 to 89 percent in December 2021. READ MORE: New car tax zone could see drivers hit with fines up to £480 However, the data is dramatically higher than the targeted compliance rate of 98 percent. Targeted rates are also down for light goods vehicles which includes vans. They warn compliance rates stand at around 77.4 percent based on monthly averages. This is down on the 82.7 percent compliance rate Birmingham City Council had aimed for. DON'T MISSFears that overhaul of car tax system would hit working class [INSIGHT]Pay per mile car tax could hit rural drivers in road pricing changes [ANALYSIS]Car tax changes are an ‘attack on the poor and disabled’  [COMMENT] In-depth analysis shows as many as 36 percent of LGV drivers were not using compliant petrol and diesel cars in June. Although this has dropped, almost a quarter of drivers are still not following the emissions rules and face the daily fee. However, the data shows the new road scheme has had an impact on reducing air pollution since its launch. Nitrogen Dioxide levels are down by an average of 13 percent when comparing 2019 and 2021 pollution rates. Councillor Waseem Zaffar MBE, Cabinet Member for Transport and Environment said the increase in compliance of drivers and the lower pollution rates showed the scheme as a success. He said: “These results are a really clear indication that the Clean Air Zone is starting to improve air quality in the centre of our city. “It is still very early days for the scheme but if we can maintain this rate of improvement, we are on track to bring the levels of NO2 back within the legal limit. “We will continue to support individuals and businesses through the transition to becoming a clean air city and I am pleased that we are getting ready to extend the benefits of clean air in the city centre to all parts of Birmingham. “Our Clean Air Strategy starts to set out a longer-term plan for change, but it is something that the Council cannot do on its own. "Collaboration with partners will be critical. “So too is the need for all of us to understand the positive changes we can make every day that help to reduce air pollution. “We will continue to monitor and publish the data around the operation and impact of the Clean Air Zone. And we will use this data to help shape our longer-term ambitions and policies in this critical area.”