Good Morning Britain presenter Richard Madeley spoke to Iceland's First Lady Eliza Jean Reid to discuss why the country is considered to be one of the best for women on International Women's Day on Tuesday. Turning the topic of conversation to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Madeley asked Reid if she'd be prepared to pick up a gun like the women defending their country in Ukraine. After watching a clip celebrating the women of Ukraine, the 65-year-old presenter commented: "Of the women that we saw there, many of them, not all of them but many are mothers. "And one of the women that we interviewed yesterday [Ukrainian MP Lesia Vasylenko] was featured there, and she's got two guns. "She's got a rifle and she's got a pistol and she's fully prepared to use both. "I was telling my wife about it when I got home and I said 'She's extraordinary' and Judy turned to me and she said 'But she would say that and she would do that, she's got three children.'" READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell The 65-year-old continued: "I suppose the old, well-worn expression it's almost like the tiger mum syndrome." "It's hard for me to even imagine being in that scenario," Reid answered. "One hopes that one does what is necessary to defend one's family and one's country." Madeley went on to ask if Reid herself would "be prepared to pick up a gun" if she were in the same position. She explained it was a tough question to answer as she was too far from the situation. Viewers quickly responded to his line of questioning, with Twitter user @angenevs writing: "I’m just ready for Madeley’s patronising responses to Eliza  #GMB." "Can Richard Madeley be any more patronising #GMB," asked Dollsparts. Fi fumed: "Richard Madeley being shut down by Susanna, asking the first lady of Iceland how many kids she has & if she'd pick up a gun and kill someone if it came to it, he's obsessed! "Susanna wanted to talk about the trafficking of women & child refugees & he brings it down to that! #gmb." DON'T MISS... Our House star Martin Compston opens up on 'tough shoot' [EXCLUSIVE]Vanessa Feltz's sex talk leaves This Morning viewers ‘switching off' [LATEST]EastEnders triple exit as Gray Atkins arrested after killing two more? [SPOILER] "Please get Richard Madeley off #GMB," Caroline Taylor remarked. Christopher added: "He keeps mentioning the Ukrainian MP who has armed herself, he seems totally obsessed with her #gmb." "Richard basically saying this woman with 3 children is ready with a gun so "you should be too" really poor interviewing, patronising idiot #GMB," @siobhanklynch shared. On Monday, Ukrainian MP Vasylenko explained how she was prepared to risk her life for her country. She had fled Ukraine with her three children but returned to fight back against Russian forces. Madeley asked her to confirm if she would shoot someone if she needed to and the MP responded: "The AK47 sits in the other room. “I have another gun which I carry with me all the time, I sleep with it, I go to the bathroom with it. Do I have a choice? No, I do not have a choice.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.