Thick fog could lower visibility up to 50 metres in a few places, the weather department said. The fog could also lead to delay in flights and the journeys may take longer than expected.  According to the alert, very moist air, associated with a frontal system slowly moving northwards, is arriving into south-western parts of the UK. The Met Office stated: “As cloud above it thins, and rain eases, this will allow a period of thick low cloud and fog to continue to develop, settle onto hills, and expand northwards with visibilities below 50 m in a few places. “Fog should gradually lift into low cloud this morning, with visibility slowly improving. It is also set to be a bitterly cold start to the day with WXCharts showing that the mercury could drop to -3C in Scotland and be freezing for much of northern England.  Temperatures will be warmer in the south but during Wednesday it will struggle to get above 5C. Meanwhile, new maps from WXCharts show an aggressive weather front sweeping in from the south east next Thursday (March 10) when the snow bomb is due to hit. Some of the heaviest snowfall will come in Scotland with charts predicting 25 centimetres could fall. In areas further south, this weather is expected to instead come in the form of heavy rain, with nine to 10mm anticipated to fall per hour in London, Bristol and the Home Counties.  READ MORE: UK's best and worst schools RANKED as pupils face fierce competition According to the Weatheroutlook.com, snow could fall as early as this weekend in places with higher ground. In their 14 day forecast, they said: “Outbreaks of rain push into the north of the UK early on and over high ground there could be a risk of sleet or snow.” Looking ahead to next week, the Met Office outlook for Saturday (March 5) to Monday (March 14) reads: “A largely settled start to this period with sunny spells across the north and west. “Cloudier conditions with light rain or drizzle are more likely further south and east, although brighter spells are also possible here.  DON'T MISS:Dominic Raab refuses to rule out UK sending fighter jets to UkraineGB News: Former Ukraine advisor gives chilling prediction over Ukraine‘Grim days ahead’ warns Boris “Light winds are expected through the weekend with daytime temperatures near average, although colder in the south. “For the following week, there is likely to be a northwest-southeast split in weather conditions. “The southeast is most likely to be dry and settled for the longest, with the northwest most likely to see the wind and rain.” 