It comes amid growing concerns over the 95-year-old monarch's health after she pulled out of a Commonwealth Service recently. The Queen has owned more than 30 corgis in her lifetime and is said to have taken solace in them after Prince Philip's death last April. But she hasn't been able to take them out of Windsor Castle since she was taken into hospital for preliminary tests last October. It was the monarch's first overnight stay in hospital for eight years. The following month, she was forced to drop out of the annual Remembrance Sunday service at the Cenotaph after spraining her back.  Further concerns over her health were raised recently when the Palace announced she won't be attending Monday's Commonwealth Day ceremony. The cancellation wasn't caused by any new illness but over concerns she would find it too taxing to spend an hour standing at the service. Buckingham Palace has said the Queen asked Prince Charles to represent her at the service instead. Now the Queen's aides are said to be taking her two corgis and dorgi (a cross between Dachsund and Welsh Corgi) out for daily walks. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan sparking 'disenchantment' in Americans A Palace source told the Sun: “She is not well enough. "They are an enormous source of solace, so it is a real shame.” The source said she "usually turns to her beloved corgis in time of crisis and stress" and took them out for walks "almost every day after Philip fell ill and then died last year". But a senior royal source assured that "dogs remain very much part of Windsor life". DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry 'raises eyebrows' with latest move [INSIGHT]Harry shows off language skills ahead of major European event [COMMENT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle lived in most expensive area of UK [ANALYSIS] The royal was also forced to give up horse riding after her health scare last October following doctors' advice to get some rest. As well as giving up her favourite hobby, she has also up alcohol stopped drinking alcohol after having previously drank a gin every lunchtime and a martini in the evening. Matters concerning the Queen's health have always been a closely guarded secret kept by the Palace but last month the monarch hinted at her current health condition. She was seen holding a walking stick during an in-person meeting with military leaders where she told her guests: "Well, as you can see, I can't move". Shortly after, on February 20, the Queen also tested positive for Covid-19 but experienced only "mild cold-like symptoms". 