 ITV’s latest thriller series launched on Monday night with viewers tuning in to see the first episode of Our House. The series follows the horror of Fi Lawson (played by Tuppence Middleton) as she arrives home to find all of her belongings missing and some strangers moving into her house. However, while watching the first instalment of the series, some viewers spotted a dark blue theme running throughout the episode.    A series of dramatic flashbacks shows the breakdown of Fi’s marriage to her husband Bram (Martin Compston). After Bram was caught cheating the couple decided to separate, but kept the family home they owned together. As the drama unfolded, many viewers noticed the house appeared to be decorated in a dark navy blue colour. Meanwhile, others pointed out that several scenes were also at night time or in dark settings. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing  As a result, some viewers flocked to Twitter to complain about the visuals being too dark. “Could barely hear them before the break, now I can barely see them #OurHouse," @emmdeeaitch fumed. @katebevan added: “Also, why is it so crepuscular? It would be nice to actually *see* what's happening #OurHouse.” “Gone a little overboard with the dark colours in these houses on tv dramas lately #OurHouse," @Jakesmummmm wrote.   “My main sympathies so far are for those houseplants who won't be getting any light in a miserably dark place. #ourhouse" @SaysKat joked. Meanwhile, others claimed the continual dark blue theme was “distracting” them from the plot. "#OurHouse the whole blue theme is a major turn off for me. It’s totally putting me off the story because all I’m doing is looking for blue things. It's highly distracting!” @aibo82 commented. It seems viewers will have to keep watching to find out if there’s any meaning behind the dark blue colour scheme. DON'T MISS...EastEnders twist as Gray Atkins is killed attempting to flee police? [THEORY]A Place in the Sun’s Laura Hamilton drops out of filming [MUST SEE]‘Harsh!’ The Chase fans blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer [WATCH]  However, it wasn’t all bad news for the first outing of the new drama series, as there were many who already claim to be gripped by the story. “@louise_candlish #OurHouse is brilliant. Love it, love it! The cast is perfect. Looks like this will be a great adaptation of a great book,” @LEnglishclass said. “@ITV #Ourhouse what's a brilliant thriller, really enjoying it so far,” @LisaFrith5 posted. The episode ended with a shocking scene that saw Bram speeding down a dark road trying to overtake another vehicle.   While he raced along the wrong side of the road, another car appeared coming from the opposite direction. As the other car swerved off to avoid Bram it crashed into a ditch and flipped on its side. The episode was left on the cliffhanger so fans will have to tune in to the next episode of the four-part drama to discover what Bram does next. Our House continues Tuesday at 9pm on ITV. 