Unpaid carers looking after more than one person will receive an extra £10 each week under the new proposals. This means some people could receive £500 a year more. In England, Carer’s Allowance is usually paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to people looking after someone for 35 hours or more a week. However, the Scottish Government has opened a consultation on plans for a new benefit for unpaid carers north of the border. If the plans go ahead, it will mean a huge shake up to how carers are paid in Scotland. The Government is proposing a new benefit to replace Carer’s Allowance, currently being delivered by the DWP. READ MORE: Cold weather payment: could you be due a payout   Launching Scottish Carer’s Assistance will be the “Scottish Government’s highest priority” following the delivery of Adult Disability Payment. This will start replacing PIP for nearly 300,000 Scots claimants in August this year and the extension of Scottish Child Payment for six to 16 year olds by the end of the year - subject to the DWP providing the necessary data. This is in addition to the first low income winter heating benefit which is also being introduced this year and will replace the Cold Weather Payment scheme and see low income households receive £50 every winter. Social Security Minister Ben Macpherson said: “Caring for a loved one can be a positive and life-changing experience but also presents many challenges. “We will deliver Scottish Carer’s Assistance in a compassionate and considerate way, linking carers to wider services. “We will also create a weekly payment of £10 for those caring for more than one person, and if the person they care for is challenging a change to their disability benefits we will make support available. “This is in addition to continuing support for young carers and maintaining the extra support from our Carer’s Allowance Supplement, providing eligible carers with an extra £460 a year.” He continued: “When we have introduced our new benefit, and safely and securely transferred people from Carer’s Allowance to Scottish Carer’s Assistance, we intend to make further improvements. “We will look for opportunities to make these changes sooner if we can do so without putting carers’ existing benefits at risk.” The Scottish Carer’s Assistance consultation is open for responses until May 23 and carers are encouraged to have their say. The results will be shared with the DWP, as part of their plans to devolve social security. Anyone who cares for someone for 35 hours or more a week could be eligible for Carer’s Allowance. More information is available at gov.uk