Rainie Highway (played by Tanya Franks) was furious when Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) assisted Stuart Highway (Ricky Champ) in his quest to flee Walford and avoid conventional medicine to treat his breast cancer. However, will she be left wishing her husband stayed away in EastEnders when he returns with some bad news? In upcoming scenes, Stuart arrives home after abandoning his wife to attend a holistic retreat. Rainie's frustrated with her husband and gives him the cold shoulder. He assures her he's feeling great and his cancer has shrunk. However, Rainie doesn't believe him and asks Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) for help. Read more: EastEnders' Keegan star Zack Morris explains why he quit BBC soap She explains what Stuart has told her and the medication he's been taking. Sonia agrees the tablets Stuart is taking couldn't possibly have achieved the results Stuart thinks. But, she makes it clear there's no way they can force Stuart to accept conventional treatment. Rainie and Callum Highway (Tony Clay) refuse to listen but can they make Stuart see sense? The pair confront the undertaker and demand he gets a second opinion. However, will Stuart surprise them both with some news of his own? Rainie and Stuart have been looking forward to welcoming their baby via surrogacy for the past few months. Bernie Taylor (Clair Norris) left Walford over fears she'd changed her mind about giving the hopeful parents her baby. DON'T MISSEastEnders exit for Whitney Dean as Gray Atkins exposes secret? [SPOILER]EastEnders chaos as Keegan Baker spirals out of control? [THEORY]EastEnders return for Grant Mitchell as Ross Kemp drops huge hint? [INTERVIEW] But, could Stuart have been keeping in touch with Bernie behind Rainie's back? The dad-of-one is terrified he won't be able to control his drug addiction if he agrees to traditional cancer treatment. If Bernie realises Stuart isn't doing everything in his power to defeat cancer, she may decide to raise the baby alone. Would Rainie ever be able to forgive her husband if Bernie changed her mind about surrogacy? The undertaker has been desperate to become a mum ever since she married Stuart. Her desire to have a child intensified when Max Branning (Jake Wood) kidnapped baby Abi. Will Rainie convince Stuart to consider conventional treatment for cancer or will she lose both her husband her unborn baby? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.