Yellow warnings have been issued for Wales, South West England, Northern Ireland and parts of Scotland for Saturday and Sunday, with the Met Office warning heavy rain and winds could lead to travel disruption and damage. Areas set to be battered by violent winds include Strathclyde in north west Scotland along with Dumfries and Galloway, as severe gales from the Irish sea close in on the UK’s west coast.  The Met Office also warned that power may be cut in parts of Britain, with coastal areas set to be hit the hardest. The warning for Northern Ireland and parts of Scotland issued on Friday morning said severe gales would move northwards across the region into Sunday. It said: "A swathe of strong winds are likely to track up the Irish Sea through Sunday. Winds may reach 50-60 mph along mainly coastal districts, with the core of the stronger winds tracking northwards through Sunday over the region. "A small chance of winds exceeding this, possibly reaching severe gales along more exposed coastal regions with winds reaching 65 mph. This may lead to some poor coastal conditions and transport disruption." Yellow warnings have been issued for south west England and Wales as the Met Office predicted coastal gales and heavy rain would hammer areas on Saturday afternoon, bringing winds of up to 65 mph to some areas. The Met Office said Cardiff, Swansea and Bridgend in Wales and Cornwall, Plymouth and Somerset in south west England could all be hit by the disruption. It said the winds would most likely subside on Saturday evening into Sunday as the gales moves northwards. One warning for Wales and Cornwall said: “A swathe of strong winds are expected across parts of Cornwall and west Wales during Sunday. Southerly winds may reach 50-60 mph along mainly coastal districts, before clearing northwards later Sunday. “There is a small chance that a few places across west Cornwall and Pembrokeshire could see isolated gusts to 65 mph across the most exposed locations. This may lead to some poor coastal conditions and transport disruption.” READ MORE: Britain braced for lightning and HAIL - heavy showers to pummel nation  A red weather alert for flooding has also been issued in the UK on the North Sea coast of Bridlington, with flooding possible over the weekend as a result of strong winds. The warnings come as Britons prepare for yet more unpredictable weather conditions after parts of the country have been battered by gale-force winds and heavy rain this week, while other areas have enjoyed milder temperatures and patches of sunshine. The BBC forecasted more rain and gusts of up to 70mph this weekend before temperatures hopefully rise again next week. Speaking on Friday morning, BBC weather forecaster Tomasz Schafernaker said the outlook for the weekend was a “mixed bag” as a weather front approaches the UK at the weekend. He said: "The last couple of days the weather really has been quite good, beautiful sunny skies for some of us across eastern parts of the UK but things are probably going to turn now. DON'T MISS:Cold Weather Payment eligibility explained as deadline looms [LATEST]Ukraine LIVE: New satellite images show Putin's death convoy close in [LIVE]NASA emergency: Russia threatens to ABANDON astronaut [BREAKING]  Schafernaker predicted the front would bring heavy rain and strong winds to parts of the UK, although temperatures would stay fairly mild. He added: “Now Saturday we see another area of low pressure with new fronts approaching us and this again spells heavy rain initially for western parts of the UK. "In the South West as this low pressure increases you can see strong winds blowing around and we could be talking about gusts of 60mph, maybe even 70mph around the Isle of Scilly and the top of Cornwall, so really very blustery and even stormy for a time." However, forecasters say Britons could hopefully look forward to some long awaited spring-like conditions next week when temperatures are expected to rise to as high as 18C in some areas, including the south west of the UK. 