 Holby City will air its final episode on Tuesday night as the hit series has been axed by the BBC after 23 years on air. Ahead of the show’s conclusion, stars Jaye Jacobs and Bob Barrett have teased what fans can expect. The duo were welcomed onto BBC Breakfast on Tuesday morning to discuss the medical drama drawing to a close.    Jaye plays nurse Donna Jackson in Holby City and Bob stars as Dr. Sacha Levy. The duo chatted to BBC Breakfast hosts Sally Nugent and Jon Kay on Tuesday and both confessed they were feeling “emotional” ahead of the Holby City finale. Jon made it clear he was keen to know what the final episode will entail. The BBC Breakfast presenter began: “We are on the day of the last episode. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air   "I don’t want to give any spoilers for people who are looking forward to it or putting it off some of them I guess. “But, what can they expect? How do you end this?” Jon asked. Bob replied: “How do you end the show? This is the hardest thing.” Jaye explained: “I think it brings peace. I think there is quite a satisfying solution, if that makes sense.”    Bob revealed he’s eager to please loyal viewers with the ending of the long-running soap. He said: “We have incredible fans on this show, diehard amazing fans who have kept us going, and I think and hope they’ll be happy with the end. “Not happy with the end, but going ‘Well, that was a great episode of Holby and that’s a good way to finish it’. “I think they will, I think they will,” the actor added. DON'T MISS...Alan Davies slammed after defending Chris Rock joke [MUST SEE]Coronation Street theory: Romantic reunion for Fiz Stape and Tyrone [THEORY]Piers Morgan's new show 'Uncensored' set to launch next month [UPDATE]  When asked how the fans have responded to the show ending, Bob admitted: “They’re very sad.” “There’s still a petition going,” Jaye explained, detailing how fans have tried to save the show. The actress revealed she plans to watch the last episode with her family and noted it will likely be an “emotional” experience. “I will weep when the credits roll,” Jaye confessed.   The finale is set to centre around the story of Jac Naylor (played by Rosie Marcel) as her emotional brain tumour battle reaches a conclusion. Six former cast members are also set to return for the last outing of Holby City. Holby City's final episode will air Tuesday at 7.50pm on BBC One. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 