Real Madrid were outclassed comprehensively by Barcelona on Sunday, with Xavi’s side dominating during a 4-0 win. Now, in the immediate aftermath, Carlo Ancelotti’s job appears to be on the line. The Italian’s team remain top of the La Liga table yet the manner of their defeat at the Bernabeu has certainly set alarm bells ringing. Real Madrid went into their match with Barcelona hoping to take another step towards the La Liga title. Yet Los Blancos were blitzed in their own backyard, with Xavi’s side putting in a sensational display to claim all three points. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang stood out, with the former Arsenal star continuing his fine form with a brilliant brace. Ronald Araujo also notched, while Ferran Torres struck to consign Ancelotti’s side to an agonising defeat. It was a chastening afternoon for the Italian, who has attempted to shoulder blame for the demolition job in the short time since. So with Ancelotti’s job now seeming to be on the line, Express Sport takes a look at four potential replacements for the former Chelsea, AC Milan, Napoli and Bayern Munich boss. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Let’s start with the obvious. While Mauricio Pochettino has been strongly linked with Manchester United, the Paris Saint-Germain boss would be the frontrunner to replace Ancelotti should Florentino Perez wield the axe. Pochettino is fighting for his own future at the Parc des Princes, particularly in the wake of their recent Champions League exit and 3-0 defeat to Monaco. Real have contemplated hiring the Argentine in the past. And the stars could be about to align amid an expectancy Pochettino will leave his post at PSG come the end of the season. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Erik ten Hag is another who has been linked with United as they plan to a long-term successor to Ralf Rangnick. However, Real may be tempted to make a move for the Dutchman instead. Ten Hag has done well throughout his five years at Ajax, helping transform the Eredivisie outfit into an elite team once again. He’s primed to leave Amsterdam at the end of the campaign, having grown tired of being forced to overhaul his squad on a regular basis. Ten Hag’s possession-based football may suit Real, especially if Barcelona re-establish themselves as European titans once again. When it comes to legends taking charge of their former sides, there are mixed results over the years. Zinedine Zidane, Pep Guardiola and Roberto Di Matteo all did well at the likes of Real, Barcelona and Chelsea respectively. However, the likes of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Frank Lampard failed to meet expectations at Manchester United and Chelsea. Raul was linked with the Real post back in the summer, with the 44-year-old currently managing their Castilla side. And he’d likely be among the frontrunners to take over from Ancelotti in the case of any possible sacking. Real have long admired Arsene Wenger. And though the Arsenal icon seems to be done with management, he could be tempted into taking over at the Bernabeu. Real are a special club who have a unique pulling power, something that’s been the case throughout their entire history. Wenger would be a short-term option who could bring success, even though he’s currently busy working with FIFA. Much will depend, however, on what Perez potentially has planned having been trigger-happy throughout his two stints as club president.