Manchester United are keen on hiring a Dutch coach with knowledge of English football if they’re able to bring in Erik ten Hag. The Ajax boss is currently the frontrunner when it comes to taking over at Old Trafford, ahead of the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. And, should he move to the Premier League, Red Devils legend Ruud van Nistelrooy may come with him. News broke on Tuesday night that United had interviewed Ten Hag, who is now the frontrunner to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And, in the short time since, it’s been revealed the Red Devils want to hire a Dutch coach with knowledge of the Premier League. Jaap Stam is one name under consideration, with the former centre-back previously shining during Sir Alex Ferguson’s spell in charge. Robin van Persie has also been linked, with the 38-year-old spending three years at Old Trafford after touching down from Arsenal in 2012. And Van Nistelrooy is another. The Dutchman spent five years at the club between 2001 and 2006 where he went on to establish himself as a cult hero, netting 150 times during that time. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz He only left after falling out with Ferguson at a time where the Scot was focusing on harnessing the best from the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Wayne Rooney. And now, Van Nistelrooy may be primed for a blockbuster return - even though he’s also being linked with the PSV Eindhoven job. Speaking earlier in the season, the 45-year-old was asked about the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The Norwegian was given a new three-year contract back in the summer because the Red Devils thought they were on the right track to achieve success. However, Solskjaer lost his job back in November after his team were battered 4-1 by Watford on a nightmare afternoon at Vicarage Road. Van Nistelrooy, speaking in the immediate aftermath to ESPN NL, admitted he felt sympathetic towards his former team-mate. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message And he also claimed Solskjaer had been ‘brave’ to take the job, too. “He’s kind of my old buddy in attack,” he said at the time. “I felt bad for him, what he had to go through in recent months. “But he is strong, has given his heart and soul for the club. I know that. But I am only proud of him. “I know that most United fans are proud of him, that he has brought back a little bit of that Manchester United feeling. “He stood there anyway and that is brave.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While Van Nistelrooy was a big success at United, his time with the club ended on a sour note. He was offloaded to Real Madrid in 2006 after falling out with Ferguson, angry at not playing against Wigan in the EFL Cup final that year. Ferguson explained his decision to cut Van Nistelrooy loose in his autobiography by saying: “We were on cruise control against Wigan and I saw an ideal opportunity to give Evra and Vidic a taste of the game They were my final substitutions. “I turned to Ruud and said: ‘I’m going to give these two lads a part of the game.’ They were going to get a touch, a smell of winning something with Manchester United’. “‘You —,’ said Van Nistelrooy. “I’ll always remember that. Could not believe it. “Carlos Queiroz turned on him. It became fractious in the dug-out. The other players were telling him: ‘Behave yourself.'” Van Nistelrooy himself has since admitted he regretted the way he and his old side parted ways. “I called him something. I called him a number of things in a blind rage,” Van Nistelrooy said. “Cocky and stubborn as I was, I couldn’t snap out of that for some time after. That’s how it all crashed. “It was just really disrespectful, there were lots of other people there. It wasn’t all that outrageous in terms of words but it was completely out of order. Not done. “I wasn’t proud of it, still am not.”