Bridgerton became an instant hit when it premiered two years ago on Netflix, making it one of the streaming service's biggest success stories to date. While much of its focus is on the Bridgerton family and the siblings' love lives, a sub-plot involving fellow aristocratic family the Featheringtons is weaved throughout. Their main issue was around their finances as Lord Featherington (played by Ben Miller) had a gambling problem. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Bridgerton.Unlike the Bridgerton family, the Featheringtons were slightly less well-off due to them having all girls. Nevertheless, they were still able to mix with the social elite with the older daughters Philippa (Harriet Cains) and Prudence (Bessie Carter) scouting for a potential husband. Unfortunately, the situation became more difficult as Lord Featherington couldn't stop gambling the family's money away on boxing matches. He even sabotaged Philippa's relationship as he wouldn't have been able to afford her dowry. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Determined to win back the money he lost, Lord Featherington conducted a successful dodgy deal with boxer Will Mondrich (Martins Imhangbe), getting him to throw a fight. It seemed the Featheringtons had turned a corner at last with enough money to cover his debts. But it wasn't for long as others in the boxing circles discovered that he had fixed the match. This led to a couple of sinister bookmakers murdering him for his actions, leaving the family without a husband or a father. Actor Ben Miller hasn't publicly explained what the circumstances were around him leaving Bridgerton. According to his IMDb page, he has got a number of projects coming up, including a film called The Loneliest Boy in the World and TV series Suspect. So it could be a possibility that the actor and comedian didn't want to tie himself down to one particular show as he had other commitments. Alternatively, it may not have been Miller's choice to leave but rather a creative decision by the writers. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale theory: Paddy Kirk's unimaginable loss as Bear Wolf 'dies' [THEORY]Bridgerton boss admits there was 'nothing easy about making' the show [EXPLAINER]Jonathan Bailey partner: Who is the Bridgerton star dating? [CAST] With Lord Featherington out of the picture, it does create a difficult situation for the rest of his family. He wasn't originally part of Julia Quinn's book series as he had died three years prior to the story so the creators brought Lord Featherington into the Netflix series for a reason. Lady Portia Featherington (Polly Walker) and her daughters are left without any money and as there are no direct male heirs, the Featherington estate will be inherited by someone in the family not yet known. But going by the matriarch's reaction, it won't be someone who would want to help her family. Neither of the elder sisters married during season one as well and with no money to their name, it will be even more difficult to match them up. Penelope (Nicola Coughlan) may well have to join the social season herself to try and better their chances of at least one of them getting a husband by the end of the season. But will any of the sisters find their perfect match and who is the male heir to take over the Featherington estate? Bridgerton season 2 premieres on Friday, March 25, on Netflix.