After the EU announced it would provide Kyiv with 70 old Russian-made fighter planes to help it in its defence against Vladimir Putin's invasion, a Ukrainian government official told Politico pilots had arrived in Poland to start transferring the jets. The Air Force Command of Ukraine's Armed Forces said on Facebook the country will get 28 Mig-29 planes from Poland as well as 16 MiG-29 and 14 Su-25 planes from Bulgaria and 12 MiG-29 jets from Slovakia. The bloc nation's decision to equip Ukraine with the planes adds to its unprecedented commitment to fund and deliver arms to a nation under assault. Ursula von der Leyen, president of the European Commission, claimed: "For the first time ever, the European Union will finance the purchase and delivery of weapons and other equipment to a country that is under attack." And EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell said in a statement: "Another taboo has fallen. The taboo that the European Union was not providing arms in a war." Mr Borrell was quoted as saying by the nonprofit newspaper EUobserver: "We are going to provide even fighter jets." Poland, he reportedly added, would be the "logistic hub" for the operation. READ MORE: US Army drone spotted over Poland just 20 miles from Ukrainian border But the plans are surrounded by ambiguity. Mr Borrell emphasised on Monday the jet transfers would not come from the EU itself — although the bloc will fund the initiative — but be donated "bilaterally" by individual member states. However, Polish President Andrzej Duda said "we are not going to send any [fighter] jets to the Ukrainian airspace" because "that would suggest an open military interference in the Ukrainian conflict", adding that NATO is not a party to the war.  It is unclear whether Mr Duda meant the country would not send any Polish planes with Polish pilots or not allow any Polish planes to be flown by Ukrainian pilots either. And speaking at the Lask air base in Poland, Jens Stoltenberg, Nato’s secretary-general, said: “NATO is not going to send troops or move planes into Ukrainian airspace.” Meanwhile, Bulgaria is understood to have rejected Ukraine's request to supply the country’s airforce with fighter jets, too – which contradicts claims made on social media by Ukraine's Armed Forces. According to the EU Commission, 450 million euros in funds will be spent on the weapons and an additional 50 million on other items including medical supplies. The promised equipment includes anti-armour rockets, machine guns and artillery. DON'T MISSFears peace talks are just Putin's sham diplomacy [ANALYSIS]'WW3 has started!' Journalist in tears as she confronts Johnson [REPORT]Sanctions? How the West is funding war through gas sales [EXPLAINER] Military help for Ukraine is also underway from Canada, with prime minister Justin Trudeau saying on Tuesday: "We're supplying Ukraine with anti-tank weapons systems and upgraded ammunition. "This is in addition to our three previous shipments of military equipment – and it's on top of the night vision goggles, body armour, gas masks, and helmets we announced yesterday."