Camilla Tominey and Gyles Brandreth joined Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield on This Morning to discuss the headlines of the day. As the panel spoke about Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey, the royal expert shared her thoughts on the Queen driving to the service with Prince Andrew. Holly began: “We’ve had some breaking news the Queen is on her way to Westminster Abbey.” “I think she’s in a car and I think she’s with the Duke of York which is interesting,” Camilla replied. “Obviously he’s had to take a step back from public life. “But we know she made him do that with a degree of reluctance because he’s her beloved son regardless of what’s been said and done in court or otherwise. Read more: ‘Hypocritical!' Camilla Tominey slams Oscars for applauding Will Smith “So it’s a show of maternal love really,” Camilla added. Gyles remarked: “Prince Andrew is named after Prince Philip’s father today we are commemorating the life of the Duke of Edinburgh who was the Queen’s partner and husband for more than 70 years. “Today is the day we are having this service because on the 29th of March in 1941 Prince Philip, then in the navy, on HMS Valiant was mentioned in dispatches at the end of the battle of Cape Matapan. “That’s the anniversary and I imagine that’s why the Queen had chosen today.” “And, Prince Andrew who may be out officially of the Royal Family but he’s marking his father’s pasting and is named after Prince Philip’s father,” Gyles noted. Phillip commented: “I think the headline there is everybody was waiting and quite rightly Her Majesty waited until the last minute to decide, ‘Right okay today’s a good day I’m going to go.’” Camilla agreed: “I’m not sure how she’s going to be convened from car to abbey but we wait and see. “If concessions are made, rightly so she’s 96 next month.” This Morning’s Phillip added: “Well that’s incredibly dignified.” DON'T MISSLaura Kuenssberg replaces Andrew Marr on Sunday Morning show [INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh 'rolls eyes' at ex-GMB colleague's 'life changing' update [VIDEO]Piers Morgan's new show 'Uncensored' set to launch next month [INSIGHT] Later in the show, Camilla and Gyles commented on live footage from Westminster Abbey of the royals arriving for the service. Noticing several royal children were in attendance, Camilla said: “It’s rather a family affair. “I’ve also spotted a theme as people have been arriving, and the Queen should be arriving any minute now with the Duke of York, a lot of people are wearing green. “I think that’s because there was a specification made that people wear green to honour his environmental commitments.” “I think the Queen herself is going to be in a green coat with a black velvet collar,” she added. Gyles added: “It’s interesting to see the great-grandchildren there because they will remember this day, their great grandfather born in 1921, I mean his mother was born in Queen Victoria’s reign in Windsor Castle it’s extraordinary this is living history. “A range of people there as well as the familiar faces, all sorts of people from European royalty because Prince Philip was released to every king, kaiser, tsar you can imagine. Twice as royal as the Queen because he had kings and queens on both sides of his family, the Queen only has them on one side of hers.” This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.