Djed Spence has made it clear he wants a chance to play in the Premier League amid reports that Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur are lining up summer moves. The highly-rated Middlesbrough right-back has thrived on loan at Nottingham Forest this season, and his reward could be a dream transfer to the top-flight. Spence's rise to prominence comes a year after former Middlesbrough manager Neil Warnock questioned his attitude and commitment. "He could be playing at a top club in England or in non-league in five years, I don't know," Warnock pondered. But after an intra-Championship loan switch to Forest, the 21-year-old's stock has skyrocketed whilst being watched by scouts from some of Europe's heavyweights, including Bundesliga overlords Bayern Munich. And Middlesbrough could look to cash in on him before his 2024 contract expiry after Isiah Jones has flourished into their first-choice right-back this season. Spence received his maiden England U21 call-up this month and made his debut for Lee Carsley's side against Albania on Tuesday. After full-time, he admitted that landing in the Premier League is his ambition and stated his intention to follow opportunity when it arises. JUST IN: Luis Enrique ‘out of running’ to become Man Utd's next manager He said per the Daily Mirror: "I always want to push myself and play with the best players and best team. Of course, it's an ambition of mine to play in the Premier League. I try to stay level-headed. I don't read too much into it. At the end of the day, I'm just here to enjoy my football. I need to stay focused, have tunnel vision and play well on the pitch. "It's been hard [his journey so far]. But I never worry, really. I know my ability. I know what I'm capable of. I've got a good family behind me that pushes me and mentors me. I've just got to keep moving forward, and opportunities will always rise up. So I've got to be ready to take them." READ MORE: Chelsea provide Cesar Azpilicueta 'assurances' as Barcelona eye move Reports suggest Arsenal and Tottenham are eyeing a £20million deal to sign Spence at the end of the season. A switch to Spurs appears more likely between them after the Gunners beat their north London rivals to Bologna right-back Takehiro Tomiyasu for the same fee last summer. Spurs also completed a £25m move for Barcelona's Emerson Royal, but Nuno Espirito Santo sanctioned the move, and Antonio Conte will want further signings to imprint his identity on the team ahead of next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here