Qualified pharmacist and Nicki Minaj superfan, Navid Sole who appeared in this year’s line-up on The Apprentice, could be set to make his way into camp in the next season of I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here!. The 27-year-old youngster from London received a grilling from Sir Lord Sugar in week three of the competition but while speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other media press, the BBC star teased more reality shows could be on the horizon with the popular Aussie jungle in mind. With the help and expertise of Lord Sugar, the reality star hoped to create a successful pharmacy business. Unfortunately, after a gruelling task that involved making an alcohol free drink, the contestant was sent packing after his lack of contribution to the task. While discussing what future projects he had lined up during his exit interview, the TV star expressed his desire to take on the ITV camp while enduring the creepy crawlies, purely for entertainment value. He said: “I do have phobias when it comes to sleeping in small beds with insects and spiders." READ MORE:Caroline Hawley husband: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert's husband? Speaking to Express.co.uk, Navid continued: “I would definitely do I'm A Celeb Get Me Out Of Here. “Because trust me, you will see a different site to Navid, I think you will literally explode and laugh at what I do. “Trust me, especially if I see spiders,” he confessed: “I go crazy.” Meanwhile, fans could expect to hear an announcement with a new start date scheduled for the programme. Talks are well underway with some reports suggesting the show’s air date could be moved to a sooner slot. According to inside sources, ITV bosses could be set to make a schedule switch-up with the World Cup 2022 airing around November time, the same month as the ITV hit. A source insider revealed: “The last thing anyone wants is for viewers to have to choose between the latest from the jungle and a big game. "Two of ITV's biggest juggernauts – not just of the season but the whole year – are I'm A Celeb and its international football coverage.”  They told The Sun: “So it makes sense to keep them apart, and as the World Cup isn't going to budge, it makes sense to move Ant and Dec." The final of I'm A Celebrity 2021 was contested by Frankie Bridge, Simon Gregson and Danny Miller, after eight famous faces had been eliminated and Richard Madely exited following a brief hospital admission. Emmerdale star Danny Miller took victory and was crowned King of the Castle, a first for the ITV series. With some speculation, soap star Danny Dyer and Drag Queen star The Vivienne in the running,  ITV should expect a killer return. With the future impact of the pandemic still unpredictable, it's a little too early to say for sure where the show will be filmed but hosts Ant and Dec have both shared their excitement over a return to Oz. The Saturday Night Takeaway host Ant confirmed to BBC viewers: “We love Wales, but Australia is its home and we’d like to get back there.” I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here 2021 episodes are available to watch on ITV and ITV Hub