When Elvis Presley and Ann-Margret first met in 1964 they likely didn't think they would fall for one another. At the time, the actors were working on their next feature film, Viva Las Vegas, but the more time they spent with one another off-camera, the more they fell in love. Ann-Margret remembered spending time with the King in his hotel suite and riding motorcycles on the weekend. But all good things must come to an end. Elvis and Ann-Margret spent the better part of a year together. They would meet up when they could and use codenames to phone one another when they couldn't. While the press would accuse the pair of engaging in an affair behind-the-scenes, nothing was ever confirmed. And it seems Elvis' beau, Priscilla Presley - who remained in Graceland - was none-the-wiser. But eventually, everything changed. Ann-Margret released her memoir, My Story, in 1994, a tell-all about her life and her relationship with Elvis. Within the book, she revealed: "There were other factors in Elvis’s life that forced him apart from me, and I understood them. Elvis had always been honest with me, but still, it was a confusing situation." The situation was made worse when she visited the UK for a premiere of Viva Las Vegas. READ MORE: Elvis Presley 'truly trusted' Ann-Margret - 'He captured my heart' During a premiere for Viva Las Vegas in the UK, Ann-Margret was reportedly asked if she loved Elvis. One way or another, a report made its way to the USA that she and Elvis were to be married. This news displeased Priscilla greatly, as you would imagine. And, before long, Elvis broke off the relationship. Ann-Margret wrote in her autobiography that both she and Elvis "knew" the time had come. DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley 'truly trusted' Ann-Margret - 'He captured my heart' [NEWS]Elvis Presley’s religious views and Bible verse at end of his bed [INFO]'Son of a b***h' Elvis disagreed with Ann-Margret once during affair [INSIGHT] Ann-Margret said: "We continued to see each other periodically, until we had dated for almost a year. Then everything halted." Once it all came crashing down Elvis was forced to return to his socially-approved relationship with Priscilla. He was then pressured by his manager, Colonel Tom Parker, to propose to her. Ann-Margret added: "We knew the relationship had to end, that Elvis had to fulfil his commitment." A short while later, Elvis married Priscilla on May 1, 1967. They had a secret ceremony in Las Vegas with their closes family and friends in attendance. Ann-Margret was not invited. Exactly nine months later Elvis and Priscilla's only child was born, Lisa Marie Presley. At the same time, Ann-Margret was forced to move on as well. A week after Elvis' wedding she, too, got hitched. She married Roger Smith on May 8, 1967. They remained together until he died in 2017. SOURCE