The little cub was born at the popular Scottish Wildlife park in December. The site located near Kingussie is run by the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland (RZSS). The polar bear cub recently emerged from the birthing den, where he spent the festive period and the month of January snuggled up with his mother Victoria. Among the cute new images of the park’s polar bear cub, one shows the cheeky little ball of fur sticking his tongue out for the camera. While another shows the little one tucking into some food alongside his mum. A third shows him tucked between the paws of his mother. He is only the second polar bear to be born in the UK in the last 25 years. The first – Hamish – became an international superstar – and you could pick the name for his little brother. The RZSS is currently offering people the chance to meet and name the three-month-old cub. Last week a prize draw was launched to help build Scotland’s Wildlife Discovery Centre at the park, which will enable children and young people to engage with wildlife conservation through hands-on experiences. READ MORE: Climate change: Abandoned polar bear cub raised in captivity Those entering the draw will not only help name the small polar bear but will also get to meet and feed the little cub and his mum Victoria up close on a “unique, once in a lifetime, behind the scenes visit at Highland Wildlife Park”. The lucky winner will also bag themselves a two-night stay at the Macdonald Aviemore Resort. To make it even more special, the winner can also bring along three of their loved ones to share this incredible experience with them. DON'T MISS Lamb with FIVE legs born at English farm - 'one in a million' [PICTURES] Rescue dog still waiting to be picked after 400 days in kennels [REPORT] Humans can now understand PIGS after AI study decodes their oinks [REVEAL] There is still one week left to enter and name the adorable cub. It costs £5 to enter at crowdfunder.co.uk/name-our-cub and entries close on March 17. In the meantime, public viewing is still closed to give Victoria and her youngster lots of peace and quiet. In the coming weeks, the cub will be introduced to his large outdoor enclosure, where the public will be able to try and spot him. The cub’s dad Arktos and Walker, the park’s other male polar bear, can still be spotted in their enclosure. Victoria previously gave birth to Hamish, the UK’s first polar bear cub in 25 years, in December 2017. As part of the breeding programme for the species, Hamish moved to Yorkshire Wildlife Park in November 2020.