A clean kitchen is easier to manage when spillages happen, reducing the risk of germs and bacteria building up. It’s also less likely to attract rodents and insects, which is also incredibly important. With so many cleaning products on the market, it can be hard to know which ones to spend money on. Kitchen design and retail specialists Magnet have shared top tips on cleaning using cupboard essentials, including bicarbonate of soda and vinegar. They explained: “Cleaning the oven is undoubtedly one of the toughest and messiest jobs in your kitchen, so try this handy tip to save yourself hours of heavy duty scrubbing. “Simply mix a paste using baking soda and vinegar and apply it to the walls and wire racks of your oven, where the fizzing reaction between these acidic and alkaline ingredients will help to lift burnt-on food. “Leave the mixture to work its magic for half an hour, then wipe down with a soapy sponge.” Resorting to harsh chemicals when cleaning the kitchen can not only irritate surfaces, it can also leave a strong smell in the air. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less To tackle the greasy residue that builds up on the cooker hood, Magnet recommended using a mixture of water and distilled vinegar. The experts said: “Fill a spray bottle with a mixture of water and distilled vinegar. “Spray liberally onto the cooker hood and leave for five to 10 minutes, then wipe away with a damp cloth. “Distilled vinegar can also be used to descale your kettle. Add your vinegar and bring it to a boil. DON'T MISS:‘Pouring boiling water’ on garden weeds can ‘instantly kill them’ [EXPERT]Top regrets of new build homeowners - flooding gardens and no parking [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to use black tea to get ‘streak-free windows’ [COMMENT] “Next, let it sit for an hour, then empty and rinse and your kettle should look brand new.” Lemon is also a great food item to use when cleaning the home. It can help to tackle grease as well as stubborn stains, leaving the kitchen smelling fresh. Magnet experts explained: “Heating a cup of lemon juice in the microwave for three minutes, or until the liquid has evaporated, will cut through stubborn burnt-on stains so they can be easily wiped away with a sponge, leaving your microwave spotless.” When combined with salt, lemon can help to clean wooden items, such as chopping boards. The experts added: “Since wood is a porous material, it can be particularly tough to remove stains and discolouration. “Thankfully, there is a simple answer to this old-age problem, salt. “Sprinkle coarse sea salt over your chopping board and then use half a lemon to scrub the rough granules over the surface, loosening trapped dirt. “For plastic chopping boards, mix baking soda, vinegar and lemon together instead.” The kitchen experts also recommended spraying items with non-stick cooking spray before using it, to help make the cleaning process easier. This included a cheese grater as well as cooking dishes and bowls. Hayley Simmons, Director of Commercial Range at Magnet, commented: “Deep cleaning your kitchen can be a chore for many, but there is nothing more satisfying than a spotless kitchen. “Those sparkling appliances, perfectly organised cupboards and immaculate worktops just make you feel good.” Hayley also shared top spring cleaning tips including making sure you make a lit, preparing for the clean and being cautious of the products use.