Newcastle manager Eddie Howe has no problem with Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel for his last-minute celebrations after his team fell to a late 1-0 defeat in west London on Sunday afternoon.  Kai Havertz's dramatic winner against the Magpies sentenced the north east outfit to their first defeat in just 10 Premier League games, after a superb run of form ahead of the summer transfer window. After occupying the bottom three at the start of January, Newcastle went on an unbeaten run that included six wins from a possible seven to catapult themselves to almost guaranteed safety. An outstanding performance against Chelsea on Sunday looked set to extend the streak, with the Tyneside outfit enjoying the bulk of the game's best chances. But Havertz's world-class finish broke Newcastle hearts in the 89th minute, with Stamford Bridge erupting as Chelsea ended a torrid week in the best manner possible.  Tuchel celebrated the goal wildly, with many suggesting he had perhaps overdone his antics in front of Howe. But the Newcastle boss refused to criticise Tuchel, stating that he believes the German was 'caught in the moment'. "I don't think there was anything directed at us," Howe told reporters following Newcastle's 1-0 defeat. "It was just that moment, from his perspective, where he scored late in the game.  "I didn't see it as disrespectful. I've got a lot of respect for Thomas and how he works and how he conducts himself. I understand these things happen and he was caught in his moment." Chelsea's week became extremely difficult to manage after it was announced owner Roman Abramovich had been sanctioned and disqualified as a Blues director, with the club's medium-term future now in the balance as a result. But Tuchel refused to admit he will walk out on the club despite what the future may hold. "There's no doubt I will stay until the end of the season. We just have to wait day by day because everything can change," Tuchel admitted.  "This result has a huge impact on us, to give this pleasure to our fans means a lot. It changes everything. We are aware how privileged we are. This is a huge club, we are in the focus, but we are very privileged. "Hundreds of people in this club are not so privileged, maybe face a more existential threat and are more worried about their future than us. "This gives us a responsibility to fight for them, keep their heads up high and not give in. This is what we can do and this is what they demand from us." 