TikTok is popular for many things, whether it be funny videos, life hacks, or opening people's eyes to new things and ways of life. One thing that's come out of the viral platform is sporting activities that have made a "come back", one of them being roller-skating. After videos grew in popularity of users going for long skates along the beach, interest in the sport soon peaked and became one of the most searched activities trending in 2022. Personal trainer and avid skater Kirsty Malone, championed the hobby, telling Express.co.uk not only is it fun, it's a great aerobic workout too. "If you're bored of your usual runs or cycle routes, skating is a great way to get your cardio in," she said. "In terms of cardio fulfilment, it's actually the equivalent to running or jogging in terms of health benefits. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure "It can burn a whopping amount of calories at a higher intensity, leading to a reduction of body fat and you'll see a notable difference in your leg strength development." According to the International Inline Skating Association, the number of calories burned per hour while skating at 6mph is 350 and it rises to 600 while skating at 10mph. It has been found that for a 143-pound (10st 3lb) person, they can burn over 330 calories in just one hour of moderate roller skating. If that same person roller-skates vigorously, he or she will burn up to 600 calories in an hour. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] A study conducted at the University of Massachusetts also found that, compared to running, in-line skating causes less than 50 percent of the impact shock to joints. This, in the long run, helps prevent weak joints as we age. Skating involves all of the body’s muscles, especially the heart, and is recognised and recommended by the American Heart Association as an aerobic fitness sport. "It works your lower body, firing up the calves, quads, and glutes," Kirsty added. "Skaters are also able to build core strength from the exercise, and depending on your form, you can even work an arm workout into your routine. "You're actually using around 80 percent of your bodies muscles when you're doing it, which most people don't realise because it's so fun you barely notice you're working out," she laughed. Kirsty noted a lot of people aren't aware of the health benefits skating can bring. "Yes it's a fun cardio exercise, but it also has effects your body in other ways including your mental health. "Skating can improve your balance as you have to state upright.  "This, combined with the movement of your legs as you propel yourself along will result in a huge improvement in your coordination." For more advanced skaters looking to boost their workout, she also recommended adding hills into their skating routes. "While you're getting more of a cross-training element to your cardio because it of the low-impact on your joints, why not make it a little more fun and challenging by adding variation to your routine?" she pondered. "You can enhance your workout by opting for the route with that big hill you dread - it'll only challenge your body and improve fitness and endurance!"