Popular Aussie actress Nicole Kidman had been nominated for an Academy Award for her role in Being The Ricardos and was expected to have shown up at the Fairmont Century Plaza hotel for the ceremony yesterday. However, on the day of the nominees' lunch, she was nowhere to be seen. The 54-year-old is now said to be resting at home after suffering a hamstring injury. The painful tear is thought to have been a flare-up of a previous injury, and, according to Variety, was incurred while she filmed the Amazon Prime series Expats. Following the nominees' luncheon, the next big event in the Oscar calendar is March 27, when the awards ceremony will be held. Yet there is no news so far on whether nominee Nicole will make it to this second engagement. Nicole is said to be travelling very little while fielding her painful injury. Filming on Expats is said to have been altered due to her absence after doctors apparently warned her to rest up. Ironically the movie project is all about the travelling lifestyle itself, centred around the fictional lives of two expatriates who have moved to Hong Kong. Meanwhile, she also has to prepare for the April release date of her movie The Northman. Express.co.uk has approached Nicole's representatives for comment. She is nominated for Best Actress for her performance as Lucille Ball in Being The Ricardos alongside fellow nominees including Olivia Colman (The Lost Daughter) and Penelope Cruz (Parallel Mothers). There will also be powerful competition in the form of Kristen Stewart, who channelled Princess Diana during a difficult period in her life for the movie Spencer. Finally, Nicole will be going head to head with Jessica Chastain, who performed an outstanding role in The Eyes of Tammy Faye. If she is able to attend the ceremony, she is likely to have the support of husband Keith Urban, with whom she shares daughters Rose and Faith Margaret. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [UPDATE] ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [INSIGHT] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [LATEST]  The loved-up couple will be celebrating their 16th wedding anniversary this summer. Nicole's previous marriage, before musician Keith, was an 11-year stint with fellow actor Tom Cruise, with whom she shares two grown-up children - 29-year-old Bella and 27-year-old Connor. The two adopted kids were once said to have turned their back on Nicole after she declined to follow Tom's religious faith as a committed Scientologist. However she has clarified that this version of events is untrue. She set the record straight back in 2019 when she told The Sun: "They have made choices to be Scientologists [and] it’s our job as a parent to always offer unconditional love." However, she admitted on the podcast Backstage, hosted by awards editor Jack Smart that she does struggle in her relationship with her younger biological children as a result of travelling for her career so much. "[I tell them]: 'Mum is gonna go now, and mum is going to go through this, and I need to you know it doesn't diminish any of my love for you,'" she explained. "'This is deeply needed in my life and my creative path is deep but it doesn't diminish anything that I have for you.'"