Jay Rock, of JayRock LawnCare & Gardening, is a lawn expert who shares his know-how on social media. He creates stunning green gardens. The expert was asked if there is a certain way to cut the lawn to ensure it’s healthy. The garden guru replied: "Absolutely, the golden 1/3 rule!" Jay explained: "Only ever cut 1/3 of the grass plant at any one time. "For example, if your lawn is at 60mm, your height of cut on your next mow should be no less than 40mm." READ MORE: How to fix brown patches in your lawn - five common causes and how to fix them It is important to follow this rule to prevent damaging the grass and stunting its growth. Jay said: "This will keep stress to a minimum, alongside a frequent cut rate is key to a healthy cut." Jay said: "Once per week would be perfect for a standard lawn above 30mm in height." This should be adopted after the initial cutting season has begun. May to July sees the most grass growth annually. DON'T MISSLawn seed: The 8 key steps to growing grass in your garden [INSIGHT] The mowing trick to ‘always’ use when cutting grass [EXPERT] 'Stop using any peat': Gardener details 'best option' for compost [WARNING] Follow Jay on his Instagram for more lawn care tips. He also posts videos on Youtube and runs the JayRock’s Lawn Care & Gardening Podcast. Jay also detailed when to cut the grass as the spring begins. /life-style/garden/1577785/lawn-care-tips-mowing-cutting-grass-gardening-ifl The answer is surprisingly simple.  Jay said: "Simply when the lawn starts actively growing again!" Jay told readers a good time to start is coming up. He said: "A good starting point is mid-March when the temperatures start creeping up." This should be adopted after the initial cutting season has begun. May to July sees the most grass growth annually.  It seems within a few weeks Britons will be removing their mowers from the shed once more. The garden is easily damaged if mown incorrectly. However, an expert has detailed a mowing trick to make sure grass stays healthy. However, the experts noted how gardeners need to avoid cutting their grass “too short” straight away. They said: “Cutting the grass too short, too fast is known as ‘scalping’ which can lead to disease and weed infestation.”  Scalping is one of the common mistakes a gardener can make mowing the lawn. Unless your garden is totally flat, your grass may fall pray to it too. Scalping happens when a mower tips over unever soil, cutting grass in one spot too short or even removing it all together. However, it can also be caused by having mower blades set too short or paths set too low. Paths and hard surfaces, live pathing, should be level with soil.