Camelot has continuously run the National Lottery since it was first launched in 1994 however its current, third licence, is set to expire in 2024. On Tuesday the Gambling Commission revealed it had selected Allwyn Entertainment Ltd as its preferred applicant, with Camelot being named only as reserve applicant. Other applicants to reach the final stage were Sisal Spa and The New Lottery Company Ltd, in total the highest number of applicants since the first licence was awarded in 1994. The Gambling Commission said it was content all applicants were fit and proper to operate the National Lottery, adding that none of the applications were impacted by sanctions relating to the Ukraine conflict. The successful firm Allwyn has committed to investment in the National Lottery which the Gambling Commission believes has the potential to increase contributions to good causes. Andrew Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer of the Gambling Commission, said: “I am confident that the success of the competition will lead to a highly successful fourth licence – one that maximises returns to good causes, promotes innovation, delivers against our statutory duties, and which ultimately protects the unique status of the National Lottery. “We look forward to working with all parties to ensure a smooth handover.” Camelot meanwhile revealed it was "incredibly disappointed" by the announcement.  CEO Nigel Railton commented: "We’re now carefully reviewing the Gambling Commission’s evaluation before deciding on our next steps. “I’m enormously grateful to our 1,000-plus employees who have been unwavering in delivering record-breaking results during the current licence." "And I know they remain absolutely determined to build on our four and a half years of successive sales growth – which has seen us achieve record sales in each of the last two years, resulting in the best-ever returns to Good Causes from ticket sales last year.” The new fourth licence will last for a fixed period of 10 years up to 2034. The Gambling Commission also revealed changes to the fourth licence had been made to closer align the licensee's profits with returns to good causes but also give them more flexibility to adapt to changing technology and consumer preferences. Since its launch the National Lottery has raised over £45 billion for good causes across arts, sports and heritage, as well as creating more than 6,300 new millionaires. In a statement Allwyn said: "The appointment of Allwyn will breathe fresh life into The National Lottery. "In Allwyn, the Gambling Commission has selected a strong team with an impressive track record of improving lotteries.  DON'T MISS: Russian central bank scrambles further to defend ruble [SPOTLIGHT] City surges as global financial centre since Brexit - 'great energy' [INSIGHT] Sunak hit by recession warnings ahead of Spring Statement [LATEST] "We will immediately work to deliver our comprehensive transition plan and look forward to transforming The National Lottery, making it better for everyone.” Allwyn currently operates across Europe, running lotteries in Austria, the Czech Republic, Italy and Greece and Cyprus. It is also a major casino operator in Austria.