Guests at Airport Hotel in Northenden, Manchester, near the Jet2.com and Ryanair hub also said rooms had a "huge stench of cigarette smoke" and claimed their bedding had "not been changed for three weeks". The budget hotel, which is rated two out of five bubbles on TripAdvisor, is owned by Britannia Hotels - which has recently been voted the worst hotel chain in the UK for the ninth year running. One guest, named Emma, left a one-star review, in which she wrote: "Cleaning staff haven’t changed my bedding in THREE WEEKS actually think I’m going to be sick from how they’ve treated me." Another, named Laura B, claimed she she had an awful experience back in January, "sinking" right through the mattress through to the other side. After reportedly changing rooms three times, Laura says she finally ended up in one with "stained bedding". "Given room 215 and wanted a little sleep," she said. "Pulled back the duvet and the bed springs were coming through the mattress so we were given another room on the same floor. I sat on the bed and sunk through it! It jolted my back really badly. I took a picture of the mattress to show the manager. "Was given a third room and the manager came with us and again a mattress with the springs sowing (sic) through. He admitted that all the mattresses in the hotel were in the same sorry state.  "So I asked for spare duvets to sleep on to try to create padding from springs. One of the spare duvets had blood on it! I then got the spare pillows down and they had hairs all over them from a previous guest. "Also there were chocolate buttons under my bed and a chupa cup wrapper under my friend's bed. Certainly not cleaned. Putting hygiene sticker on the door make no difference if you do not vacuum the floor!"   In the review seen by Manchester Evening News, Laura said she woke up in the morning with "terrible back pain" and was forced to "lie on the dirty floor" to try to relieve it. Another guest, Catherine B, who stayed in February, echoed these thoughts and also commented on the mattress. "This has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in," she said. "Our allocated room was an unprepared room that had not been cleaned, it had dirty sheets on the bed that had clearly been slept in and mud on the carpet. "This was rectified, but our subsequent room was dreadful. The mattress had springs you could feel through the sheets, and the edge of the mattress had collapsed. The whole hotel is worn out and everything needs replacing. "The lifts smell of stale cigarette smoke. The whole place has an unpleasant odour, possibly due to the smoking rooms, and cigarette smoke infiltrating the whole building. Avoid at all costs." Another user, Adventure Aidan, included pictures of a stained door handle and a stain on the floor, saying: "Honestly, DO NOT STAY HERE! Rooms are filthy, unfit for purpose and their just an absolute joke all around. The lifts look like they haven’t been replaced since the 70s."  The hotel, which is three miles from Manchester Airport, has 1,822 reviews, with more than 1,000 of these being "poor" or "terrible" and only 87 being "excellent". Consumer watchdog Which? ranked Britannia bottom of a league table of 24 large hotel chains. The survey of 2,371 hotel guests over 15 months to October 2021, left the chain with just 49 points out of a possible 100. Despite this, not everyone has had a bad experience at the Airport Hotel, with one recent guest saying it was "absolutely fine". "Our room was fine. Clean, warm and quite spacious actually but the bed was a bit old and uncomfortable," said JimmyandHeather on TripAdvisor. "Other than that it's difficult for us to really find fault. We had a burger and chips from the bar which was perfectly edible and we only stayed in the room just over 12 hours. It's not The Ritz and the room decor was a bit tired but for our purposes the Britannia was absolutely fine." Britannia Hotels has been contacted for comment. 