During the winter months, the lawn often doesn’t need to be cut for a couple of months due to the cold temperatures. This can cause it to look unkempt when spring comes around with brown patches and long grass. However, there are plenty of jobs that can be done this month to bring it back to life. British garden specialists, Flymo, explained: “When cutting your lawn for the first time, you should always follow the one third rule. “Never cut more than a third of the blade of grass in one go, as cutting more than this can stress the grass. “You should gradually reduce the grass length over a number of weeks to reach the desired length. “Cutting the grass too short, too fast is known as scalping, which can lead to disease and weed infestation.” READ MORE: Presenting a ’stylish’ and ‘functional home’ can increase value by 20% If the lawn has become a little unkempt throughout the colder months, the experts still recommended following the one third rule. However, they should take it in stages over several weeks. The experts added: “Gradually decrease the cutting height on your lawnmower each time to reach your preferred grass length. “New grass that has been grown from the seed will be noticeably weaker than the rest of the lawn and can be easily damaged if cut incorrectly. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how to use 2p coin to ‘dissolve’ limescale [COMMENT]Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt [INSIGHT]‘Pouring boiling water’ on garden weeds can ‘instantly kill them’ [EXPERT] “It’s best to wait until the grass has grown over three inches in length until mowing for the first time to allow it time to build up strength.” When cutting the lawn, Flymo recommended contouring the garden with the mower. They said: “Don’t forget the edges when cutting your lawn for the first time. “Overgrown edges can look unsightly and can mean time and effort spent working in the garden has been in vain.” Gardeners should also aim to cut their lawn once or twice a week, according to the experts. They explained: “Following your first cut of the season, you may need to mow your lawn once or twice a week to maintain the length you desire. “This is due to the warm weather encouraging your garden to grow. “If this is the case it’s best to choose a lightweight, compact and cordless device for optimum manoeuvrability, which will make the task quick with a lawn finish you will be proud of.” For those with brown patches on their grass, it may be time to sow new grass seeds, which can also be sown towards the end of summer if gardeners don’t get round to it. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) said: “Seed germinates most readily in early autumn and mid-spring. “The soil is warm, there is plenty of moisture and the weather is neither too cold nor too hot. “Germination should take between seven and 10 days and seedlings will become established before the first severe frosts in late autumn, this is the preferred time as the roots establish better through the winter. “Sowing seed in spring, grass will want to flower quite early.”