Lewis Hamilton was reportedly banned from talking to the media after F1’s decision to continue with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. A missile strike hit just miles from the circuit on Friday afternoon before FP2 got underway.  Finnish tabloid newspaper Iltalehti says Hamilton was stopped from talking to reporters by F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali. They claim: “Stefano Domenicali made sure Hamilton was not allowed in front of the microphones". After a disappointing qualifying session, Hamilton was asked his views on the crisis. He said: “I’m not here to comment on that. We worked together as a group, we all discussed and made a decision as a sport.” The drivers cancelled their media commitments after the crisis and were embroiled in four-hour talks with F1 bosses. READ MORE: Bottas makes 'weird' Hamilton comment as Mercedes' poor form pondered It is understood many of the drivers were against racing in the country after the missile strike but team bosses wanted to push ahead. Hamilton was said to be one of the leading voices in talks and united drivers to cancel the Grand Prix before 'extra information' convinced them to go ahead with the race. F1 chiefs and the Saudi Arabian Government gave assurances the race was safe to continue as they had maximum security in place. At around 2am local time it was decided the weekend would continue as usual despite the uncertainty. DON'T MISSHamilton given food for thought at Saudi GP after Ricciardo penalty [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton fumed at Jacques Villeneuve: 'Don't listen to him' [COMMENT]Saudi GP guarded by 'anti-aircraft guns' after Hamilton united drivers [ANALYSIS] Ferrari boss Mattia Binoitto yesterday claimed his drivers were not '100 per cent happy' with the decision. Yesterday, the Grand Prix Drivers' Association said it had been a “challenging day” for F1. They added: “Perhaps it is hard to comprehend if you have never driven an F1 car on this fast and challenging Jeddah track, but on seeing the smoke from the incident it was difficult to remain a fully focused race driver and erase natural human concerns. Consequently, we went into long discussions between ourselves, with our team principals, and with the most senior people who run our sport. “A large variety of opinions were shared and debated and, having listened not only to the Formula 1 powers but also to the Saudi government ministers who explained how security measures were being elevated to the maximum, the outcome was a resolution that we would practise and qualify today and race tomorrow. “We therefore hope that the 2022 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix will be remembered as a good race rather than for the incident that took place yesterday.”