Lionel Messi has been labelled a "bottler" with Real Madrid backed to overcome their first leg deficit to knock Paris Saint-Germain out of the Champions League. Messi's PSG side beat Real 1-0 at the Parc des Princes last month. The former Barcelona superstar missed a penalty but Kylian Mbappe came up with the goods late on for the French side. PSG visit Madrid tonight (Wednesday) in the second leg of the last-16 tie. One of Europe's top clubs will be exiting the competition at the first knockout stage. PSG are favourites due to their slim advantage in Paris but Liverpool legend Steve Nicol has other ideas. Nicol, a pundit for ESPN FC, says PSG's tendency to falter in the knockout rounds makes Real more likely to come out on top tonight. JUST IN: Liverpool ace Fabinho accused of ‘cheating’ by Wenger to stop Inter Milan comeback  PSG have never won the Champions League and have only been in one final, where they lost to Bayern Munich in 2020. "Well after the first leg I was absolutely, 100 per cent, in the PSG camp," Nicol said. "Because I was thinking 'hold on, they have just battered Real Madrid, Real Madrid aren't going to have Casemiro, they're not going to have [Ferland] Mendy, what are they going to do, are they going to have to play Marcelo?'. "But as time's gone by and I've thought about it, this PSG side are a bunch of bottle merchants. They've basically bottled it most of the time. DON'T MISSBillionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle financial headache as he plots Abramovich takeover [REPORT]Everton risking points deduction as worries over club's future grow [NEWS]Arsenal planning six new arrivals as part of masterplan to secure Champions League [GOSSIP]  "So, I'm going to go with Real Madrid. They haven't been at their very best but they're getting it done." PSG hope the signing of Messi can be the difference in the latter stages of the competition. The 34-year-old won the trophy four times during his glittering spell at Barca. But his last success was almost seven years ago and Nicol claims he has shown signs of "bottling it" since. The Scot referred back to his former side Liverpool coming back from a 3-0 deficit to beat Messi's Barca 4-0 at Anfield in the semi-final in 2019.  Nicol said: "Do you want to go back year after year of all the things, and then you're going to throw Messi at me? Hold on a second, was Messi not playing for Barcelona when they got mullered against Liverpool at Anfield? Seriously. "It's away from home, it's in Madrid, same as Barcelona were away at Anfield and Messi did absolutely nothing in that game. "I'm just telling you, he's been part of bottling it, PSG have bottled it in the Champions League so far pretty much every time. "You can go through that PSG side and every one of them pretty much has been involved in bottling it. "How many times have PSG won the Champions League? I rest my case." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 