Prestigious audio brand Devialet has revealed a new all-in-one soundbar, which bundles everything you need to boost your next movie night and boxset binge without the need for a separate subwoofer. It's one of a number of new soundbars that promise to elevate the poor audio from flatscreen TVs without filling your living room with speakers to create a true surround sound system, including the latest from Bowers & Wilkins and Sonos. Dubbed Devialet Dione, this new soundbar bundles two new patented technologies from the French firm that it claims will "provide a truly immersive sound experience in an all-in-one compact device." First up, one of these new technologies is known as Space™ and upscales audio content into 5.1.2 audio channels, which should creating a spatialisation effect. Devialet says this surround sound-like experience will envelop the viewer, without the need to position peripheral speakers around the room. Even with the introduction of wireless speakers, true surround sound systems require a lot of gadgets positioned at precise locations around the sofa and room ...which can have the unfortunate side effect of transforming the décor of your living room to look like an aisle in Currys. To create a full surround sound experience from a single speaker – and one that measures just 77mm high (perfect to ensure the soundbar doesn't obstruct your telly) – Devialet is using another new patented system, dubbed Advanced Dimensional Experience. This digital signal processing technology uses beamforming to ensure the audio is "aimed" towards the viewers, rather than being wasted on the floor or window. To ensure that Advanced Dimensional Experience, or ADE, works whether you've got the Dione soundbar placed on a piece of furniture or wall-mounted, Devialet has fitted its new product with a gyro-sensor that automatically measures its position and angle. This data is analysed by the software to ensure that audio signals are redirected to maximise impact. Devialet Dione offers a complete suite of plug-and-play features, including support for HDMI 2.1 eARC with CEC, Optical, Airplay 2, Spotify Connect, UPnP and Bluetooth 5.0. With AirPlay 2, Apple fans will be able to connect to the soundbar with a single tap from within their favourite music or podcast app as long as they're connected to the same Wi-Fi network, while Spotify Connect offers a similar experience for those who use this hugely-popular streaming service. Both AirPlay 2 and Spotify Connect offer lossless streaming, while Bluetooth 5.0 will allow quick wireless audio streaming for anyone without one of these devices. When the Devialet Dione isn't adding an extra rumble to the latest Hollywood blockbuster or making dialogue easier to understand in must-binge boxsets ...it can double-up as a wireless speaker. Devialet has programmed a number of listening modes, including a "voice mode" that boosts accuracy and intelligibility of podcasts and news programs, "music mode" that faithfully reproduces a stereo setup and disables all spatialisation effects, and of course, "movie mode" that uses the patented technologies to surround you with sound from a single soundbar – perfect for a cinematic experience. MORE LIKE THISBest Deals On Sonos Speakers Franck Lebouchard, Devialet CEO, said: "At Devialet, we thrive on creating extraordinary products that deliver unprecedented sound experiences. We have pursued our vision of redefining the place sound holds in people’s lives through our unique amplifiers, Phantom speakers, and true wireless earbuds. Now, Devialet Dione, our first soundbar, brings us even closer to our goal." Devialet Dione is available to pre-order today. It costs £1,990 and will start shipping next month. The Dione is available to buy direct from Devialet as well as from Harrods and Selfridges.