The lawn often needs a bit of care after the winter months due to cold temperatures, which can cause the soil underneath to freeze. Brown and bare patches are also common, but experts at Gardenbuildingsdirect.co.uk have shared top tips on bringing a lawn back to life, including aerating, weeding, cutting and fertilising. A spokesperson for Gardenbuildingsdirect.co.uk said: “It is usual for your lawn to look rough after winter, especially after bearing all the storms, cold temperatures and harsh weather conditions we’ve had this year. “Although your lawn can recover on its own, it’s helpful to aid and speed up the process by helping it prepare for healthy growth. “With a few simple steps, you can make a huge impact on rejuvenating your lawn and right now is the perfect time to get your garden back into shape.” Firstly, gardeners can start by removing any debris from their lawn. READ MORE: Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt This includes any dead leaves and branches scattered across the grass. The experts at Gardenbuildingsdirect.co.uk explained: “It would help if you also got rid of any dead grass and plants that didn’t manage to survive the winter. “Cleanup will give you a clear picture of the state of the lawn and the most problematic areas that you should focus on. “You can do that by using a lawn rake, as raking will prepare the lawn for the next steps.” DON'T MISS:‘Pouring boiling water’ on garden weeds can ‘instantly kill them’ [EXPERT]Top regrets of new build homeowners - flooding gardens and no parking [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to use black tea to get ‘streak-free windows’ [INSIGHT] Next, pulling out weeds from the lawn can help allow the grass to grow better as well as make the garden look more aesthetically pleasing. The experts recommended using a weed killer to get rid of them. They said: “Getting rid of weeds will make it more likely for your other garden plants to grow and flourish. “This way, they don’t have to compete with unwanted weeds for water, light and nutrients. “It’s essential to remember that you should eliminate the weeds before fertilisation and watering steps to avoid the weeds growing out of control.” After removing the weeds, it is recommended to aerate the soil. The experts said this step is “vital” in allowing the grass to flourish. Gardenbuildings.co.uk experts explained: “[The lawn] can get waterlogged and compacted, especially after winter. “This means that the plants won’t get enough oxygen and nutrients from the soil. “Aeration is done by poking holes into the land using a plug or spike aerator, similar to a hand-push mower. “Improving the ground makes a huge difference in how healthy your grass and plants will look in the upcoming spring and summer seasons.” Gardeners may notice bare or brown patches across the lawn which have occurred over winter. To combat this, the experts recommended reseeding the lawn to fill the grass in. They said: “Depending on how bad the situation is, you can either reseed the whole lawn or you can opt to repair the few bare patches. “The simplest way is to scatter the seeds evenly with your hand, using a seed spreader. “It would help to make sure that your grass and plants are watered consistently, significantly. “In the UK, this task shouldn’t be too tricky as it rains so often, but gardeners should not forget to give their lawn extra care when it’s dry.” Gardeners can also fertilise the lawn to help it grow, ensuring the soil is around 12 degrees celsius.