Ralf Rangnick shocked both Roy Keane and Gary Neville when naming his Manchester United team, as he prepared for his first ever Manchester derby, with Cristiano Ronaldo not anywhere to be seen. Former Manchester United stars Gary Neville and Roy Keane have been stumped by Ralf Rangnick's team selection as they were proved wrong ahead of the derby. United were handed two major blows ahead of Sunday's game as both Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani were ruled out. This left a vacancy in the no.9 role, with the obvious replacement being Marcus Rashford, or even a false-nine set-up with Bruno Fernandes leading the line. But the United legends were proved completely wrong as Rangnick decided to start youngster Anthony Elanga up front, surprising everyone including potentially Rashford, who was left on the bench.  THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Rashford must feel like he can't buy a star for United, and their former youth star has been replaced by the newest kid on the block, Elanga. To his credit, Elanga has been performing very well in recent weeks, and is well deserved of his starting role within the team. But no one was expecting him to lead the line on his own, especially with Rashford not even getting a look-in by Rangnick, who made a huge call ahead of his first, and potentially only Manchester derby. Ahead of kick-off, Keane assumed that Rashford would get his chance, as he said: "It does give an opportunity for people like Rashford to come in and have an influence.  DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message "He’s not been consistent enough but the type of game would play out, City will dominate possession 60-70% possession and it’ll give United opportunities using space, the right type of run, quality of people picking them out, of course it’ll cause problems." But he wasn't the only one, as Neville added: "Rashford’s got to get himself back on track, for the last year, year and a half, he’s not been playing well. "They shift him to the left, to the right, down the middle, I don’t think he’s settled and grabbed a position, people refer to the off the field stuff whether it’s a distraction or not and he’s had injuries as well to be fair, his authority off the pitch doesn’t transfer onto the pitch for Manchester United. "He’s done well here in the past (playing at the Etihad), so it’s a big opportunity for him to show his quality again today if he plays."  But he wasn't named amongst the starting XI and it's fair to say that everyone's assumptions were wrong ahead of kick-off. The news that Ronaldo wouldn't travel was a huge blow, but Neville didn't seem too concerned that the five-time Ballon d'Or winner wouldn't play. However, this was said with the assumption that Rashford would get his chance and his speed would help United, although Elanga is far from being slow himself. Neville said: "United over the last three or four years have been a counter-attacking team, and that will be exactly the same today I think, with Ronaldo out of the team I think they might be better off with Rashford’s pace on the counter-attack today."  It could be Rangnick's only Manchester derby in charge as United are likely to appoint a new long-term manager in the summer, but the German will want to ensure that they qualify for the Champions League to hand over the job in the best way. But it's currently out of their hands as Arsenal have games in hand on United, meaning they need a solid end to the season. 