With the sun remaining out across the UK, many will be making a trip to the beach. Research has named the top beaches to visit across the country. As the days get longer and warmer, lots of Britons will be thinking of taking a holiday. While travel restrictions have eased for travel overseas, many are still looking to stay in the UK for their holiday. This is according to research by HomeToGo which showed searches for lettings in coastal areas and tourist hotspots increased by 55 percent, 154 percent and 259 percent year on year. Those looking to stay in the UK are likely to want a beach nearby to help them enjoy the sun. READ MORE: TUI warning as British tourists targeted by holiday scam The holiday company also unveiled what it found to be the top beaches in the UK. Beaches from England and Wales made the list - with five locations from each country making the top 10. The number one spot was Llandanwg Beach in Gwynedd, which was rated 4.1 stars out of five by visitors. It also garnered an Index score of 27.2 out of 30.  This was followed by Whitesands Beach in Pembrokeshire, with an Index score of 25.9, and Sandbanks Beach in Dorset, which had a score of 25.8. Fourth on the list was Marloes Sands Beach in Pembrokeshire. While it fell behind others with an Index score of 25.7, it ranked in second place on visitor comments. Visitors to the beach gave it a rating of four out of five stars. Llandanwg Beach, which took the top spot, has an array of positive reviews on TripAdvisor. User Harriette wrote: "This beach has everything! Rock pools to explore, shallow waters and pools safe for children, a cafe and toilets. "Easily accessible from the car park. Also has a chapel that was once buried in the sand." "Combination or sand and stone beach. Lovely walks,or just for sitting," Epacse added. "It's a glorious area with some stunning views. Watch out for the windy days,that sand can sting." Richard commented: "Dropped by on a Sunny day. Car park nearby - busy but able to park. "Tide out, good mix of sand and stones. Cafe nearby. Beach clean with some local history nearby - something for everyone." 1. Llandanwg Beach, Gwynedd 2. Whitesands Beach, Pembrokeshire 3. Sandbanks Beach, Dorset 4. Marloes Sands Beach, Pembrokeshire 5. Sheringham Beach, Norfolk 6. Ingoldmells Beach, Lincolnshire 7. Mwnt Beach, Ceredigion 8. Dovercourt Beach, Essex 9. Anderby Creek Beach, Lincolnshire 10. Rhos-on-Sea/Colwyn Bay Beach, Conwy