Her Majesty recently renewed her famous pledge, first made in 1947, to devote her whole life to service - a strong signal the Queen, despite her recent health woes, does not intend to abdicate. However, royal commentator Daniela Elser believes the monarch's outstanding commitment to her role may eventually be detrimental to the Crown itself. The Monarch's dedication means that fans of the family will become increasingly worried about her health as she ages. Ms Elser wrote in an op-ed for News.com.au: "While her view that abdication or bowing out of the job has always been one of horror and extreme distaste, her refusal to even countenance stepping down is going to start severely impacting the monarchy." The first reason Ms Elser listed in favour of her argument is that the Queen's health issues create a "huge distraction". She said: "For one thing, her ongoing health issues are already proving a huge distraction, with the flurry of reporting and speculation every time she cancels an event detracting from whatever do-goodery her children and grandchildren are up to, you know, the meat and potatoes of the royal game." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here Moreover, she continued, the Queen's virtual and in-person engagements behind the walls of Windsor Castle don't give Her Majesty the "visibility" needed by the monarch to fullfil its reigning role. Ms Elser added the Queen's reduced presence in the public eye doesn't project the strength and continuity needed by the institution but, rather, an "image of the Crown as something enfeebled and precarious". The commentator also believes an abdication by the Queen at this moment could be hugely beneficial for Prince Charles and his reign. She said that the only canny move for the Queen would be to let Charles take the throne now, which would result in the public witnessing a joy-filled coronation with Her Majesty watching proudly at the conclusion of a successful reign. READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry Moreover, she would signal the Prince of Wales is taking on the role "with her blessing" rather than out of necessity. The Queen, who is turning 96 next month, has continued to fulfil her role even at the height of the pandemic by carrying out more than a hundred engagements a year. Throughout 2021, despite being hit by the loss of her beloved husband Prince Philip, the Queen completed several in person engagements and, during October alone, she travelled across Scotland, Wales and England. On October 20, she was meant to visit Northern Ireland to mark its centenary, but pulled out of the event after her doctors advised her to rest for a few days.  It later emerged the Queen was taken to hospital on that same day to run "preliminary tests", the nature of which was never revealed. The monarch has since not carried out an engagement outside of palace walls. But she has kept up with her duties as a sovereign, dealing with the Government's red boxes sent to her daily. She has also been in touch regularly with the Prime Minister by holding their weekly audiences over the phone. And she has received, both via video link and in person, several foreign dignitaries - including, most recently, Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. On February 5, on the eve of the beginning of her Platinum Jubilee, the Queen - who was in Norfolk at the time - also hosted a reception at Sandringham House for local charities. The Queen was expected to attend the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey on March 14 but, as announced by Buckingham Palace a few days prior, she pulled out of it. It is understood the monarch's absence was not due to any specific ailment but, rather, to concerns regarding her comfort for the trip involved for her to get to central London. The Queen is now believed to be hoping to be able to step out of the palace next Tuesday to attend the service of thanksgiving of the Duke of Edinburgh. Her Majesty is reportedly experiencing problems with her mobility - and joked about it herself during an in-person audience she held in Berkshire, when she quipped after being asked how she was doing: "Well, as you can see, I can't move." In recent months, she has been seen using a light walking stick on some engagements.