President Biden has come under fire for fanning political flames, when he made an unscripted comment last week saying Putin “cannot remain in power” in Russia. He told reporters on Monday that he made “no apologies” for his words, however, the White House has attempted to clarify the situation. During a speech in Poland last week Biden appeared to make an off-the-cuff statement about Putin’s leadership in the wake of the invasion of Ukraine, seeming to call for his removal from power. In an outburst at the end of his speech, he said: “For God’s sake, this man [Putin] cannot remain in power.” Biden responded to the reactions to his comment: “It’s more an aspiration than anything.   “He shouldn’t be in power. There’s no - I mean, people like this shouldn’t be ruling countries but they do. “The fact is they do, but it doesn’t mean I can’t express my outrage about it. I was talking to the Russian people. “The last part of the speech was talking to the Russian people, telling them what we thought.”  READ MORE: Russia ‘repositioning’ rather than ‘withdrawing’ troops, says US The ‘Tough Putin Q&A Talking Points’ cheat sheet reportedly included questions such as “If you weren’t advocating for regime change, what did you mean? Can you clarify?” The scripted answer to this allegedly read: “I was expressing the moral outrage I felt towards the actions of this man. “I was not articulating a change in policy.”  DON'T MISS:Huge explosion rocks Russia as sparks fly on border with Ukraine [WAR LATEST]Russia blame game begins: Putin's panicked cronies turn on each other [ANALYSIS]Putin backs down as he claims to 'drastically cut' military activity [INSIGHT] Another of Biden’s given answers in a question about NATO unity stated: “No, NATO has never been more united.” President Biden has used a cheat sheet before, during his first press conference after being elected. It included stats about his infrastructure bill for him to remember, as well as pictures of journalists he wanted to call on. 