Matteo Guendouzi has fired a parting shot at Arsenal, with a permanent switch to Marseille already confirmed when his loan stint expires in the summer. The midfielder had not featured for the Gunners since 2019/20, and while there are certainly positives to shifting him off the books, his departure may also leave a sour taste in fans' mouths. Arsenal's front door has taken a battering over the past 12 months, with swarms of players heading in and out of the Emirates. Guendouzi was among those to leave in the summer, joining Marseille on loan after falling out of favour under Mikel Arteta. Fellow Gunners youngster William Saliba trod the same path at the same time, and Gunners fans have been forced to watch on frustrated as both stars light up Ligue 1 this campaign. Guendouzi headed to north London as a teenager, instantly slotting into their midfield and racking up a whopping 48 appearances in his first season. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE But his allegedly abrasive personality meant his time with the Gunners did not always run smoothly. When Marseille president Pablo Longoria confirmed that the Frenchman's loan deal would be made permanent in the summer, Guendouzi pounced on the opportunity to take a thinly-veiled dig at his old team, stating that committing his future to the French side is 'the best decision he has made in years'.  "It was a carefully considered choice," the 22-year-old told RMC. "There were very good discussions with the president, with the coach and people in my family. We really made the best decision all together. DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours "For me, it’s the best choice I’ve made in many years. "President Longoria and coach Sampaoli are the people who introduced me to the project and made me want to come. We talked about Marseille’s project, what I could bring to the team, how I was going to grow.  "I found myself in this speech, I knew that when I came here, I was going to cross levels and continue to grow, whether it was humanly or football-wise." While Guendouzi's future lies elsewhere, Saliba will most likely slot into the first-team fold under Arteta next season, with big things expected of the 20-year-old centre-back. Arsenal have the likes of Thomas Partey, Granit Zhaka and Albert Sambi Lokonga to cope with Guendouzi's departure, but that did not stop them reportedly chasing Juventus' Arthur Melo last month. Transfer chief Edu ultimately missed out, but midfield could be an area of priority when the transfer window opens again in the summer. Fellow midfield loanee Lucas Torreira is also expected to seal a permanent exit, while the Gunners have been linked with the likes of Ruben Neves and Renato Sanches in recent seasons.