Chelsea starlet Conor Gallagher has once again been likened to Blues icon Frank Lampard by Crystal Palace head coach Patrick Vieira. Gallagher has excelled on loan at Palace this season and will line up for the Eagles against Lampard’s Everton on Sunday.   Palace face a crunch FA Cup quarter-final clash against the Toffees, with the winner set for a Wembley semi-final. Gallagher will hope to be a key part of an in-form Palace side, who are unbeaten in five matches. The 22-year-old has scored eight goals and assisted a further five across all competitions this season. And his boss, Vieira, has compared him to Sunday’s opposite number Lampard. "Conor has the desire to score goals like Frank used to have. Frank scored some unbelievable goals and an unbelievable number of goals,” Vieira said on Friday.   JUST IN: Man Utd given Ronaldo worry by Juventus chief after plans emerge "Sometimes he would get in there late inside the box and Conor has this same desire to score those goals. I see this kind of similarity between those two players. And if Conor manages to do half of what Frank did it would be a good start." It is the second time Vieira has compared Gallagher to former England midfielder Lampard, evidence of how highly he rates the Epsom-born starlet. Asked in December which former players Gallagher’s playing style is most akin to, Vieira said: "Conor has this passion for the game when he is on the field like a Ray Parlour, but I would say he has maybe the quality finishing of a Frank Lampard.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool 'launch' plan to hijack Chelsea's move for transfer targetArsenal boss Mikel Arteta details two crucial transfer targetsLiverpool drawing Benfica is a good omen for Klopp as quirk emerges "It is a manager's dream to have a player like Conor because when he is on the field, he will give everything. He is focused, concentrated and will always give his best. This is something that for me is really important." Gallagher will return to Chelsea in the summer. He is understood to be keen to impress Thomas Tuchel in an attempt to win a place in the Blues side next term. Palace would not be able to sign Gallagher again even if they wanted to while Chelsea continue to operate under a special license. Express Sport learned this week that even the club’s loanees cannot seek an exit despite their temporary contracts at other clubs, like how Mateo Kovacic made his loan from Real Madrid permanent in 2019 despite a transfer embargo. It means Chelsea could welcome back a disproportionately enormous squad for pre-season.   