Joe Wicks, 36, has spoken out on his experience being a dad as he reflected on his wife Rosie helping him become a better dad. Speaking on the Made by Mammas podcast, Joe admitted he sometimes loses his patience while Rosie manages to remain calm. He said: “She [Rosie] really is amazing. “She’s so patient and I really admire that because I sometimes lose my patience and I get a bit intolerant. “But she’s so calm and that for me is a really inspiring […] trait for me to become a better Dad.” Joe revealed last Saturday that he was set to become a dad for the third time. The Body Coach announced on social media that Rosie was pregnant with their third child. The news sent some of his 4.3 million Instagram followers into a frenzy as they congratulated the happy couple. Joe delivered the good news in the caption of one of his posts. The post featured a picture of Joe and Rosie holding up an ultrasound scan photograph. Joe penned: “I’ve been sooo excited to share this news. We are having another baby. (sic) “Indie and Marley are super excited about having a little brother or sister. “We can’t wait to welcome them into the world in September. “Love you Rosie. Thank you for making me the happiest Dad in the world.” (sic) DON'T MISS...'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid reacts to Ranvir Singh's replacement on GMB [UPDATE]Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason' [LATEST] Soon after, the post’s comments section had been inundated with messages from fans and friends of the couple. Mrsamclaflin typed: “Oh this makes me sooooo happy. (sic) “Congrats you two. Sending so much love x” Salenamusic said: “Awwww yay this is the best news! Congrats to you all.” (sic) Dawnpcollins added: “Awww. Congratulations, a fifth beauty to add to your gorgeous family. (sic) “Hope Rosie is feeling well. Exciting times ahead for you all xxx” Sparklyjennamarie penned: “Awww I am so happy for you all. Gorgeous couple. How exciting!! Congratulations xx” (sic) Joe and Rosie welcomed their first daughter, Indie, in 2018 and got married in June 2019, welcoming son Marley later that year.