F1 team bosses “unanimously agreed” that the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix should go ahead - but drivers have sparked uncertainty about whether or not it will with a separate meeting between just the drivers lasting over four hours on Friday night. The lengthy discussions was after there was a missile attack just seven miles from the Jeddah circuit hours earlier. Worryingly, the missile attack took place as drivers were undertaking their first practice session and at least several drivers seem to be concerned about racing this weekend. An Aramco oil depot was targeted by Yemen's Houthi rebels in a missile attack on Friday afternoon. A huge blaze broke out and thick clouds of black smoke filled the air around the depot. The fire raged on even after darkness fell in Saudi Arabia. And the incident could be seen - and even smelled - from the Jeddah track. World champion Max Verstappen could be heard during FP1 telling Red Bull chiefs he could smell burning. “I smell a bit of a burning feeling,” Verstappen said over his team radio. “I am not sure if it is my car, or another car.” He was then told by his team they were confident it was not his car. The second practice was delayed by 15 minutes after a meeting between F1's decision-makers and the drivers and team principals. The session went ahead as race organisers Saudi Motorsport Company released a statement to confirm that Sunday’s Grand Prix would not be cancelled. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton unhappy with F1 chiefs for Saudi Arabian GP changes “We are aware of the attack on the Aramco distribution station in Jeddah earlier this afternoon and remain in contact with the Saudi security authorities, as well as F1 and the FIA to ensure all necessary security and safety measures continue to be implemented to guarantee the safety of all visitors to the Formula One Saudi Arabian Grand Prix as well as the drivers, teams and stakeholders,” read the statement. “The race weekend schedule will continue as planned. The safety and security of all our guests continues to be our main priority and we look forward to welcoming fans for a weekend of premium racing and entertainments.” An F1 spokesperson added: “Formula One has been in close contact with the relevant authorities following the situation that took place today. The authorities have confirmed that the event can continue as planned and we will remain in close contact with them and all the teams and closely monitor the situation.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton could quit F1 if Mercedes can't challenge for wins [INSIGHT]Leclerc tipped to replace Hamilton as Verstappen rivalry reignited [COMMENT]Hamilton, Leclerc and Verstappen told to expect Saudi GP 'crash fest' [ANALYSIS]   F1 bosses held a meeting with team principals, who all agreed they should race on. “We as team principals have been assured that we're protected here,” said Mercedes boss Toto Wolff. “This is probably the safest place you can be in Saudi Arabia at the moment. That's why we are racing. Between the team principals yes [the decision is unanimous].” And Red Bull chief Christian Horner added: “Sport has to stand together. Terrorism cannot be condoned. [F1 chief executive] Stefano [Domenicali] and the [FIA] president [Mohammed bin Sulayem] will take care of it. The race organisers have assured us of safety and we will be racing.” But a lengthy driver meeting after that on Friday indicated that they may not wholly agree with their bosses. Some of the team principals, and high-ranking individuals such as Domenicali, returned to join the drivers as discussions continued late into the night as to whether or not the race will take place this Sunday. Drivers eventually left the track at around 2.30am local time with it still unclear whether or not the Grand Prix will go ahead or be cancelled. 