Manchester United ace Harry Maguire has insisted it was “enjoyable” to represent his country on Tuesday night, despite the fact he was booed by sections of the crowd during England’s friendly against Ivory Coast. Maguire played the full 90 minutes at Wembley as the Three Lions ran out 3-0 winners. “Enjoyable week playing for my country,” Maguire wrote on Twitter after the match with a love-heart emoji alongside a picture of him in action. Maguire has come under fire this season due to a string of poor displays in club colours. The centre-back has struggled to emulate his international performances for United and has been tipped to lose his place in Ralf Rangnick's team. But Manchester City star Jack Grealish was unhappy that fans decided to boo Maguire. “Personally I think it's ridiculous,” Grealish said in the aftermath of the match. “Even tonight he was brilliant. Our first two goals, first one him driving out with ball, second one driving a bit and passing to Ollie [Watkins]. Not every centre-back can have those qualities. “He's been a fantastic servant for his country and it's ridiculous for him to get booed. It wasn't something the team liked. Harry's a strong-minded person. His performance tonight will have done him the world of good. It will only spur him on. It's not nice to hear but you've got a job to do. “We had a brilliant relationship with the supporters last year at the Euros and we need to keep it like that into the World Cup.” JUST IN: Tottenham may have Lloris replacement plan that wouldn't cost a penny  Maguire became the most expensive defender in world football after the Red Devils shelled out a staggering £80million to prise him away from Leicester City in 2019. But his form at United has been inconsistent and he has looked well off the pace at times this season as the 13-time Premier League champions have suffered a miserable campaign. Despite his club struggles, Maguire continues to be a key man for England and is expected to be one of the Three Lions’ starting centre-backs at this year’s World Cup in Qatar. And England boss Gareth Southgate was also quick to back Maguire following his treatment at Wembley. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt   “I thought the reception was a joke - an absolute joke,” Southgate hissed after the encounter. “What he's done for us and the way he has performed for England has been phenomenal. I don't get it. We're either all in this together or we're not. “He's in an England shirt and not only should you support someone in an England shirt regardless but when he's played at the level he has, it should be total commitment behind him. So, I don't get it. He was pretty faultless, stepping out from the back for the first goal and was involved in the second goal. This team is totally united. We recognise people have difficult moments but he's a top player and will come through it.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 