Strictly Come Dancing champions Giovanni Pernice, 31, and Rose Ayling-Ellis, 27, delighted fans when they unveiled an intimate portrait of themselves displayed in London's Piccadilly Circus. The stunning black and white photograph was captured by photographer Ray Burmiston as part of his campaign to highlight the importance of mental health. The image showcases the pair's close bond as they sit close together and Rose rests her head on Giovanni’s shoulder. Alongside the snap are the words: “Let’s take a moment together #takeamoment2022”, in large font. Giovanni shared the image to his 801,000 Instagram followers on Thursday evening. The dancer wrote: “The legend Ray Burmiston has an exhibition in Piccadilly Circus with beautiful portraits to raise awareness of just how important it is to take time for our mental health. READ MORE:The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea addresses 'pressure' behind scenes “Let’s take a moment for #mentalhealthawareness #takeamoment2022.” The picture sent fans into a frenzy and hundreds took to the comments to tell the Strictly winners how beautiful they look together. @Alwaystiredmum wrote: “Get together already, you belong together.” @Lowdale_living echoed: “I take moments and rewatch you two dancing as it brings so much joy. You are magical together.” Stacey said: “This is amazing. Such a beautiful picture and an important cause.” While Tracey penned: “Stunning photo of a beautiful couple.” And Christine added: “Beautiful. Such a magical pair that has made so many people happy.” Ray’s Take a Moment campaign will be displayed in Piccadilly Circus for a month and will showcase a variety of portraits in aid of mental health awareness. DON'T MISSJudge Robert Rinder hits out at criticism over planned Ukraine trip[LATEST]F1 Christian Horner aims swipe at wife Geri Halliwell[INSIGHT]Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year'[NEWS] Other portraits will include snaps of Tess Daly, Amanda Holden, Alison Hammond and Rylan Clark. EastEnders actress Rose also shared the brand-new photograph on her Instagram. She penned to her 549,000 followers: “One of the loveliest person I met @rayburmiston have exhibition in Piccadilly circus of beautiful portraits to raise awareness of just how important it is to take time for our mental health. “Let take a moment for #mentalhealthawareness.” (sic) It comes as Rose and Giovanni are set to reunite for Red Nose Day. The pair will perform their Waltz to Ellie Goulding’s, How Long Will I Love You, which they danced to in the Strictly semi-final. The show will air on Friday, March 18, on BBC One from 7pm.