Members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) plus its allies have hit Russia with a wide range of sanctions since its President Vladimir Putin ordered a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. However, the military alliance has stopped short of committing its own troops to the fighting as it would almost certainly bring the world back into a state of war. NATO would be drawn into a war with Moscow if one of its members came under attack by President Putin’s forces. Article 5 of NATO’s official charter stipulates that if a country with membership status is attacked, other allies must come to its aid. According to the military alliance: “The principle of collective defence is at the very heart of NATO’s founding treaty.  READ MORE: Captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war' “It remains a unique and enduring principle that binds its members together, committing them to protect each other and setting a spirit of solidarity within the Alliance.” Collective defence means that an attack against one ally is considered as though it was aimed at all members. In other words, an attack on one NATO country would be seen as an assault against all 30 member states. Consequently, this is why Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky's request for a no-fly zone above his country’s airspace has been outright rejected.  Mr Zelensky has urged the West during the past fortnight to impose the ruling to help stop Russian aircraft from bombarding Ukrainian targets - particularly cities. Russia has besieged several key settlements, including Mariupol and Kharkiv, where it’s been accused of indiscriminately targeting civilians - allegations the Kremlin denies. An area from which aircraft are barred or restricted from flying, usually for security reasons, is referred to as a no-fly zone (NFZ). NFZs are designed to prevent the attacker from launching assaults on civilians or military targets or to prevent it from carrying out surveillance.  DON'T MISS: Russian bombing rattling windows in Poland in 'dangerous expansion' [WATCH]Britons paid £350 a month for providing a room to Ukrainian refugees [NEWS]The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [INSIGHT] To help enforce the zone, opposing fighter jets patrol the area in search of any aircraft breaking the rules. Planes which are deemed to be rogue could be forced to land or escorted away, but ultimately risk being shot down. Since the conflict began on February 24 the UK, US and European Union (EU) have all put in place NFZs against Russian aircraft. If something similar were implemented in Ukraine by NATO, it would very likely lead to one of its aircraft being shot down by Russia or vice versa, which in turn would lead to war between itself and Moscow.  NATO secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg said helping Ukraine protect its skies from Moscow’s missiles and warplanes would require its forces to shoot down Russian aircraft - a move that could result in a “full-fledged war in Europe involving many more countries”. He added: “We have a responsibility as NATO allies to prevent this war from escalating beyond Ukraine because that would be even more dangerous, more devastating and would cause even more human suffering.” The fear from NATO and its allies is that if the world did go to war again, the consequences of doing so would be catastrophic due to the advancement of nuclear weapons. Russia holds the greatest stockpile of nuclear warheads in the world and President Putin has previously threatened anyone who intervenes in Ukraine with “consequences you have never encountered in your history". 