The Catchphrase host Stephen Mulhern often joins presenting powerhouse duo Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly on their ITV weekend show Saturday Night Takeaway. With the new season a few weeks in, viewers noticed the star's repeated absence, which has sparked concerns from those wanting to see more of him. The show's most recent episode where contestants "don't just watch the adverts, they win them" had Paloma Faith as the guest announcer with appearances from Fleur East and Strictly Come Dancing's Craig Revel Horwood. Despite having a star-studded roster, regular Mulhern was nowhere to be seen. As the 90-minute show progressed, fans soon took to social media to voice their concern, with the star now missing two weekends in a row. @drs710 tweeted: "I hope @StephenMulhern is OK, the show very much missed his presence ... #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Read More: Emmerdale pregnancy bombshell as Liv Flaherty makes life-changing discovery? Gemma Browne added: "#SaturdayNightTakeaway where is Stephen? He's not been in the show for the past two weeks??" "I love #SaturdayNightTakeaway, but where's @StephenMulhern star of stage and screen?!" Hayley Cahill commented. The 44-year-old has worked with the Geordie pair for many years and is a staple to ITV, appearing on many of the channel's shows. His solo show In For A Penny even came from his appearance on the Takeaway show, where he presented a segment of the same name.   When the TV presenter missed the show on Saturday, February 26, concerned @djspeedy34 said: "Unbelievable there was no @StephenMulhern on the telly this time on a Saturday night, damn." Natalie_Birch echoed his sentiment: "@StephenMulhern, I haven't seen you in a couple of weeks on SNT. I hope you're well?" Andi Peters was also featured in the latest episode where he presented a segment with Jason Donovan. Peters and the 53-year-old pop star and actor chatted while preparing food from a Neighbours-inspired kebab van. DON’T MISS…Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A constant delight' [LATEST]The Last of the Summer Wine: What happened to the cast? [LATEST]‘It was a no brainer’ Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series [LATEST]  The show also attempted a The Masked Singer section with one lucky audience member that didn't seem to do too well with viewers. The Masked Humdinger piece saw audience member Laura set with the task of trying to identify her family members who performed songs while in disguise. It was all part of an elaborate family reunion that some spectators dubbed "pointless". A win for the show was the Get Out Of My Ear prank with the Strictly judge. The dancing star wore a dazzling red, white and blue sequin bomber jacket as he pretended to interview potential wedding planners. The show's hosts directed the TV personality via an earpiece to perform lavish and outrageous tasks and interrogate the hopefuls who tried to contain themselves. Didgeridoos, serenading them with a piano recital and playing peek-a-boo, were among the many pranks. Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway airs on ITV on Saturdays at 7 pm.