With a new era of regulations on the horizon ahead of the 2022 Formula 1 season, it’s the perfect time to reminisce about one of the sport’s greatest fairytale stories - Brawn GP. Back in 2009, a new technical rulebook – with changes that also included higher rear wings and wider front wings – was introduced to improve racing and overtaking, and it certainly shook up the order. Honda were ultimately forced out of F1 due to the financial recession of 2008, which affected the Japanese motor giants immensely - but there were hopes to save the team. The 2009 car had been in development early and was almost complete when the team announced they were withdrawing. Honda sold the team to Ross Brawn, their team principal, for just £1. They also agreed to supply him with a budget of $100m - around £76m - as that was the costs to shut the team down. Brawn would not be able to acquire Honda engines, so he looked further afield for another supplier and settled for Mercedes - a move which has shaped the history of F1. JUST IN: Bernie Ecclestone in Vladimir Putin warning to F1 after cancellation Brawn GP was born and they were aware of their car’s potential as the team topped the leaderboards in testing. The 2009 Australian Grand Prix was the season curtain-raiser and qualifying saw the Brawn duo of Jenson Button and Rubens Barrichello top the rankings with the Brit in first, and they would hold positions to secure a famous one-two finish. At the rain-shortened Malaysian Grand Prix, Button ensured Brawn became the first team since Alfa Romeo in 1950 to win their first two races as a team as he once again collected the chequered flag. However, controversy reigned supreme as teams insisted Brawn’s rear-end ‘double diffuser’ innovation was illegal. However, after multiple checks and complaints, the system was deemed legal and in line with regulations by the FIA. DON'T MISSVerstappen says Masi was 'put in ground', makes blunt Hamilton pointHamilton ‘would have preferred Bottas to stay’ as Russell awaitsCoulthard explains how Verstappen will react after new Red Bull deal Red Bull’s Sebastian Vettel won the Chinese Grand Prix to set up a title fight between Button and Brawn, but the Brit went on a tear as he won the next four races in Bahrain, Spain, Monaco and Turkey - including one-two finishes in Barcelona and Monte Carlo. Despite their success, Brawn’s smaller budget meant the team were not able to develop their car throughout the season in the same way their rivals could, and a decline of form was inevitable. After winning six of the first seven races in 2009, Brawn only won two of the next 10 Grands Prix as Red Bull won five while McLaren’s Lewis Hamilton clinched four victories. Both wins came from Barrichello, placing the Brazilian firmly in an unlikely championship battle with Button and Vettel. However, Button was not to be denied his crowning moment win as a fifth-place finish in the Brazilian Grand Prix sealed the title for the Brit. Brawn only remained in existence for a single season, but Mercedes - their engine supplier - purchased a majority stake in the team. Success didn’t come immediately as Red Bull’s Sebastian Vettel claimed four straight world driver’s championships between 2010 and 2013. However, the introduction of turbo-charged engines from 2014 saw Mercedes take control of the sport, winning eight successive constructors’ championships while their stranglehold on the driver’s championship was only broken by Max Verstappen last season. It is as close to a fairytale as F1 and sports can perhaps ever get, with Brawn GP - purchased for a single pound - toppling the likes of Red Bull and motorsport giants Ferrari. Will there be a Brawn 2.0 in 2022? The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.