The Queen hosted Canada's Governor General for afternoon tea on Tuesday afternoon. The monarch, 95, welcomed Mary Simon to her Windsor Castle home, for a reception in the Oak Room. For the occasion, the Queen, who is also the monarch of Canada, wore a blue and grey paisley-style patterned dress. She was photographed standing without using her walking stick, which she has been pictured using in recent months. The monarch was shown shaking hands with Ms Simon and also greeted her husband, the journalist Whit Fraser. The Governor-General is the Queen's representative in Canada and is responsible for acting on the monarch's behalf to uphold the country's system of responsible government.  Ms Simon, a former ambassador and lifelong advocate for indigenous people, is Canada's first indigenous Governor-General. She took up the post in July in the wake of a scandal over the nation's long mistreatment of indigenous people. Tuesday was a busy day for the Head of State, as she also held two virtual audiences. The first saw her meeting with Enkhsukh Battumur, the incoming Ambassador of Mongolia to the UK and the monarch appeared in good health and high spirits as she spoke with the foreign diplomat via video link. The monarch held the virtual audience from her home in Windsor, while Mr Battumur was at Buckingham Palace. The Mongolian diplomat was in the company of his wife, Ganchimeg Purevdorj. READ MORE: Prince Charles tipped to visit Cambridges in exciting family visit, The sovereign was wearing the same dress, which she accessorised with her signature pearl earrings and necklace and she completed her look with the Sapphire Jubilee Snowflake brooch. In addition, the sovereign held a virtual audience with Rukhshona Emomali, the incoming ambassador of Tajikistan. Royal fans were happy to see the monarch at work after missing her presence at the Commonwealth Day service on Monday. One Twitter user, Sherri Langlois, wrote: "That smile! Lovely to see Her Majesty even if it is on a computer monitor!" A fan account of Kate and Prince William called The Cambridges also tweeted: "Lovely to see Her Majesty again".  And another royal fan, Natalie Engel, added: "We hope the Queen feels better". These audiences come after the monarch did not attend the yearly service at Westminster Abbey marking Commonwealth Day. Her absence was announced by Buckingham Palace on Friday, which said in a statement: "After discussing the arrangements with the royal household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth service at Westminster Abbey on Monday." It is understood the Queen didn't cancel her attendance because of a specific ailment but, rather, there were concerns about her comfort when it came to her trip to and from London, given she is now based at Windsor Castle. The palace stressed the monarch would continue with her daily duties as well as planned virtual and in-person meetings. The statement read: "The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences, in the week ahead."  Her Majesty, who is turning 96 next month, still marked Commonwealth Day by issuing her yearly message to the 54-strong membership. Her statement opened with a renewal of the pledge made by the sovereign seven decades ago, when she was still the heir to the throne. The Queen wrote: "In this year of my Platinum Jubilee, it has given me pleasure to renew the promise I made in 1947, that my life will always be devoted in service." Aged 21, speaking from South Africa during a royal tour with her family, she had made a very similar promise, saying: "I can make my solemn act of dedication with a whole Empire listening. "I should like to make that dedication now. It is very simple. "I declare before you all that my whole life whether it be long or short shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong."  In recent months, the Queen first pulled out of an event outside palace walls in October last year, when she was scheduled to undertake a two-day trip to Northern Ireland to mark its centenary. The palace said the monarch was following her doctors' advice to rest for a few days and would continue to undertake engagements at the castle. She hasn't undertaken a royal visit outside of one of her residences since. However, on February 5 she held a reception for local charities at Sandringham House, her home in Norfolk. The next engagement the Queen is expected to attend away from Windsor Castle is the service of thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip on March 29.