Olly Murs, 37, has spoken up about how he has had to put his sex life on hold following major knee surgery. The star admitted that he wasn’t able to play football or have sex in his post-op condition. The star had been taken to hospital once again last month following a major on-stage incident which left him with an injured leg in August 2021. In February 2022, it was announced that Olly would be cancelling his summer UK tour. The Voice judge explained that he had to have major knee surgery and would be unable to perform for six months. Olly told his 3.7 million followers on Instagram at the time that he wanted to update everyone on what was going on. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby He said, in the video message: "I am so sorry I look like a bag of s*** this morning but I wanted to send you a message to let you know what is going on.” He added: “Why is Olly in the hospital bed? I’ve just had surgery on my left leg. ”For some of you who came to my Newmarket gig on Friday, thank you for your kind messages of support and just checking it was OK. “Basically after my second song, a fragment of bone that was in my knee managed, after I jumped, to lodge itself on the back of my knee which basically shut my leg down.” In an interview with The Sun yesterday, Olly then spoke about the after-effects of the injury. He explained jokingly that despite not being able to enjoy much romance with his partner, he gets breakfast in bed. The former X Factor star said that his girlfriend, Amelia Tank, is “fully invested” in looking after him while he is mostly bed-ridden for the next 24 weeks. Olly said: “Amelia’s fully invested in looking after me for these next 24 weeks . . .  at least I think she is!” DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] On how Amelia has helped him through his struggles, he explained that she has been his “light.” The Starstruck host said that he makes her consistently happy and encourages him to look at the positive side of everything. However, Olly also said he felt "annoyed and upset" that the injury took place in the run-up to Amelia’s 30th birthday, as he wanted her to have “the best time". He joked that he would be “sat in the corner with his crutches” while she partied. Amelia Tank is a fitness enthusiast and bikini model who started dating the singer in 2019. She has helped Olly get into the best shape of his life. He said that he’s had a “difficult couple of years” with his leg, but that he’s been lucky to have an amazing 12 year career so far. He's also insisted that he's hoping for “another 12 years” to do more shows and TV work despite his injury woes.