After landing his first major TV role in Citizen Smith, Lindsay most notably played Ben Harper in My Family for over a decade. He has also appeared with the Royal Shakespeare company and multiple West End casts in London to critical acclaim. A keen social media user, Lindsay shared that he has “finally succumbed to Covid”, and has since been keeping his 96,000 followers up-to-date on the state of his health. On March 6, Lindsay tweeted: “Finally succumbed to Covid and it’s hit me pretty hard. Twitter is not actually a comfort zone at the moment so I’m going to look after my health and family. Take care everyone.” Immediately, fans of the actor rushed to his aid with well wishes and their own personal experiences with the virus. One user replied saying: “Best wishes. Had the ‘thing’ a couple of times. It is rough but being vaccinated does ease it. I agree Twitter is not a comfort.” Whilst a second added: “Our family, triple vaxxed [sic], still wearing masks etc, avoided it until last week we have been really unwell, eight days since positive test and we still feel absolutely awful.”  READ MORE: Diabetes: The feeling 'at night' that could be an indication of high blood sugar levels  “No excuses just regrets but that morning coffee and a fag and that evening tipple with another !!!!! [Sic] All hazily in the past he says with a cough and a smirk.” The latest COVID-19 data as of March 9, depicted that in the last seven days there has been a 46.4 percent increase in positive COVID-19 cases, and a 19.5 percent increase in deaths within 28 days of a positive test. According to the Daily Mail, the rise in cases also coincides with the emergence of a new, more infectious version of Omicron that has become dominant — although experts insist it is just as mild as its parent strain. This massive surge in cases is a possible sign of the effect of lifting all measures in England, which occurred on February 24.  Dr Simon Clarke, a microbiologist at Reading University, told the Mail that the figures in the South West - where they are seeing a rise in COVID-19 admissions in hospitals - were “not a reason to panic yet” but admitted it was a reminder that COVID-19 was here to stay. Health reports from contributors reporting positive cases in the ZOE COVID Study app showed that the top five symptoms of the Omicron variant, which became dominant in the UK in December 2021 are: Analysis found no clear difference in the symptom profile of Delta and Omicron, with only 50 percent of people experiencing the classic three symptoms of fever, cough, or loss of sense of smell or taste. The NHS website says that the main symptoms of COVID-19 are a high temperature, a new, continuous cough and a loss or change to your sense of smell or taste.  Despite restrictions such as mask wearing and self-isolation ending in England recently, the Government remains adamant that the first line of defence against COVID-19 is vaccinations. The government website goes on to give advice particularly to smokers, who generally have an increased risk of contracting respiratory infection and of more severe symptoms once infected. As smoking damages the lungs, airways and harms the immune system, it will benefit the individual immediately to stop smoking. Public Health England (PHE) strongly advises against sharing cigarettes. People who breathe in secondhand tobacco smoke are also at generally increased risk of harm to their lungs and heart. While there is no specific evidence of an increased risk of contracting COVID-19 from breathing in secondhand smoke, as always, people who smoke should avoid exposing others - especially children. 