 Major Highway Code changes were made in January 2022, which aimed to make roads safer for all, especially cyclists and pedestrians. The updated Highway Code rules explains that people cycling should take care when passing parked vehicles, leaving enough room to avoid being hit if a car door is opened.  Rules 248 to 252 address the rules that drivers are advised to follow when parking at night. Rule 248 of the Highway Code states: “You must not park on a road at night facing against the direction of the traffic flow unless in a recognised parking space.” The Road Vehicles (Construction and Use) Regulations 1986 and the Road Vehicles Lighting Regulations 1989 both say drivers must not park on a road at night facing traffic. According to Birmingham Live, this means that police could start criminal prosecution if it causes an accident. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered  According to Scrapcarcomparison.co.uk, vehicles parked the wrong way at night are totally in darkness to drivers passing by and would struggle to see them properly. A spokesman said: "Motors parked the correct way would be visible and illuminated by headlights bouncing off the rear reflectors. "We’ve dealt with cars that have been written-off due to a passing car crashing into them as they have partly stuck out from a parking space." Drivers do not need to worry about parking the wrong way during the day but as it gets darker, this could become an issue which could lead to a major accident. DON'T MISSAndy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [SHOCKING]Fuel costs hit record high as drivers warned of 'even higher prices' [WARNING]  In unlit areas, parking the wrong way can be particularly dangerous as a vehicle’s rear reflectors would not be visible. These reflectors alert passing cars to the fact they are there, which would be compromised at night if they park the wrong way round. Parking opposite to the flow of traffic at night could lead to some drivers being hit with a £1,000 fine. This fine could be as high as £2,5000 for goods vehicles or passenger vehicles with more than eight seats.  The police could issue drivers with a fine for careless and inconsiderate driving. This rule does not apply during the day, just at night, although there is no clarification of the time when it is enforceable. The rule is in place to avoid the risk of an accident. Other Highway Code rules for parking include Rule 242 which warns drivers that they must not leave their vehicle or trailer in a dangerous position or where it causes any unnecessary obstruction of the road.  Rule 244 also addresses a common parking habit which could see drivers hit with hefty fines. It states: “You must not park partially or wholly on the pavement in London, and should not do so elsewhere unless signs permit it. “Parking on the pavement can obstruct and seriously inconvenience pedestrians, people in wheelchairs or with visual impairments and people with prams or pushchairs.” It is expected that a pavement parking law will be passed this year, with fines potentially reaching £70 per offence.