After pre-season testing in Barcelona and Bahrain, Ferrari have certainly been the ones to watch with Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz putting together some very quick times. The Italian giants are hoping to join the mix with Mercedes and Red Bull when the 2022 F1 season starts in Bahrain next weekend. Ferrari looked superior in Bahrain over the three days of recent testing, but on the final day of running at the Sakhir circuit, Red Bull upstaged their constructor rivals. However, going off current form and if they can keep everything together, Ferrari could easily cause both Mercedes and Red Bull plenty of problems when the season gets going. But Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto is remaining conservative, labelling his team as an 'outsider' still. Ferrari fell into mediocrity back in 2020, having finished sixth in the standings but bounced back last year to place third. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton makes F1 retirement vow as he drops hint over new Mercedes contract And Binotto, previewing his team's title chances, believes it will be a similar story to last term. "We are not the favourites," he said after the final session in Bahrain on Saturday where Charles Leclerc recorded the second fastest time behind pace setter Max Verstappen. "I think the favourites are the teams that were the best last year because they are strong teams, they have proved they can be very fast, they’ve got a fantastic team. "On-track I think they are showing that they are very, very fast. So I think if they are [favourites], we are outsiders. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen calls Lewis Hamilton's bluff over Mercedes fears ahead of Bahrain GP openerGeorge Russell agrees with Lewis Hamilton as Mercedes duo snap back at rivalsLewis Hamilton makes alarming admission as Mercedes driver shuts down Horner and Sainz "It’s true that we have a good start of testing and a good start of season. But becoming favourites – I think we need first to have good races." Binotto spoke of Red Bull's impressive performance in Bahrain, and believes Mercedes will certainly be up there in 2022 despite their recent struggles. On Saturday, Lewis Hamilton even went as far as expressing his own title fears amid concerns over the Mercedes car. "I think both Red Bull and Mercedes have very strong and fast cars," he said. "Those teams are very strong as well. "I can see that even on the last day Red Bull have brought updates to their car, so improving and showing how good they are in developing. I’m pretty sure from now through to the first race, maybe Mercedes as well will improve. "So they are very strong and very fast. I hope that we can be outsiders, I hope that we can somehow try to challenge them, that would be great from our side."