Eddie Hearn has revealed that Tyson Fury sent him a text message mocking the Essex-born promoter's prediction that his upcoming fight against Dillian Whyte would not sell out ahead of the all-British clash. The long-awaited bout was confirmed for April 23 on Tuesday night after months of negotiations between promoters. It was announced back in January that the £31million winning bid was submitted by Frank Warren, meaning Hearn and his Matchroom Sport brand lost out. The clash at Wembley is set to be shown on BT Sport Box Office in one of the biggest purse bid offers of all time, slightly falling short of the $32m (£24m) bid for Evander Holyfield vs James Douglas in 1990. And Hearn has revealed he was sent a text by Fury after his prediction that the fight would not sell-out proved to be very wrong. READ MORE: Tyson Fury adamant Dillian Whyte no show will tarnish legacy as Frank Warren slams demands  "Tyson Fury was messaging me last night with a clip of me going, 'Oh, I don't think it [Fury vs Whyte] will sell out'," Hearn revealed. "He was like, 'Haa'...I said to him, 'It's very cute that you're thinking about me sweet cheeks, I'll see you soon.' That's what I replied." It represents the biggest major heavyweight battle between two British fighters since Lennox Lewis and Frank Bruno in 1993, with Lewis defeating Bruno by TKO in the seventh round. Fury has yet to lose in his boxing career, and whilst Whyte is expecting to push the 'Gypsy King' all the way, Fury has had tougher battles in his career. The Wythenshawe-born hero is set to pocket a huge £22million from the fight. And it is this huge sum of money which has been a huge influence in his decision to retire after the fight, with the 6ft 9in giant claiming he will hang up his gloves after the bout. "100%," Fury said when asked if he would retire after the Whyte fight. "I'm a two-time undisputed world champion. [I have] £150m in the bank and nothing to prove to anybody."  When Whyte missed the recent press conference, Fury said: "He's definitely shown the white flag in my estimation. He's given me that much more confidence it's unbelievable. "He's terrified. The way he's going on about it, saying he doesn't want to go face-to-face, of course he doesn't, because he'll see that fire in my eyes and he'll think, 'I'm getting smashed to bits'. "That's what it is - it's fear, it's terror. It's all of the above and I don't blame him for not being here today." 