Penny Lancaster, 50, has revealed she has made her first official arrest as a police officer. The star explained she pulled over a drug driving suspect. Penny, who is married to Sir Rod Stewart, began working as a special constable with the City of London Police following the completion of her training last year. Penny was on patrol alongside her colleagues when they stopped a car with two people inside. After a roadside breath test, the said driver tested positive for cannabis use, following which Penny made the arrest. Penny admitted that she had some anxiety, nearly forgetting to read the man his rights. She explained that it wasn’t long before her training kicked in. READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz Taking the suspect into custody, the Loose Women panellist admitted that she was proud to have achieved the career milestone. She told the BBC’s CrimeWatch Live programme: “My first arrest was a drug drive. “There were a couple of suspects whose vehicle was pulled over and a test was taken on the side of the road which came back positive for cannabis so driving under the influence. “I was given the wink and the nod by the officers that were with me. “First of all I did get a bit of a stage struck moment where I felt all the words of caution had left me but luckily they came into action and all my training proved important there.” Penny also explained that her husband, Sir Rod, does often get apprehensive about her job. She said, despite his worries, that he is “always supportive” of what she chooses to do. Penny married Sir Rod in 2007, and the pair now share two children together. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT] Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [INSTAGRAM] Louise Minchin speaks out on stalking ordeal ahead of documentary [COMMENT] Penny and Rod were seen enjoying a night out on March 4 with fellow celeb couples. The stars took snaps with friends, Geri Halliwell, her husband Christian Horner, and Ronnie Wood’s wife, Sally Wood. Geri took to Instagram at the time to share a snap from the outing. Penny flashed her legs in the image, as she wore knee-high black boots for the evening. Geri captioned the post: "Do ya think I'm sexy!" (sic) Penny also shared a post on Instagram from the dinner as more famous faces could be seen. She posed alongside Geri, Sally, Ronnie, Sir Rod and the Spice Girls singer's husband Christian as the group enjoyed dinner together. Penny captioned the post in view of her 152,000 Instagram followers: "Coming together at last #couples."