Everyone has their own opinion about which Formula 1 car liveries are the best, and now two of Sky Sports' main presenters have given their verdicts. Veteran pundit Martin Brundle and Naomi Schiff, the newest face on the broadcasting team, have revealed what they think about the paintjobs we will be able to see across all the races in 2022. Each team on the grid revealed their latest designs at individual ceremonies throughout February, starting the annual argument about which of them has come up with the best livery. While inconsequential to the outcome of the season from a performance perspective, it remains one of those great debates among pundits and fans alike. Is it best to stick to traditional colours and designs – the formula that the likes of Ferrari and Red Bull seem to follow every year? Or is it the brightest and most 'out there' cars that are the most eye-catching? Everyone will have a different opinion on this subject. In a new video released on the Sky Sports F1 YouTube channel, Brundle and Schiff cast their votes. The debate, which was recorded the day after Alfa Romeo became the final team to reveal their car colours, saw the two presenters use an A-E grading system to figure out which designs are the best. JUST IN: Max Verstappen slammed over crucial mistake in Charles Leclerc duel At the bottom of the pile was the Haas which featured the colours of the Russian flag as well as the Uralkali sponsor as, at the time of recording, the decision had not been made which saw the team part company with the fertiliser firm and driver Nikita Mazepin over the invasion of Ukraine. They had little to say about the livery, other than Brundle describing it as "a bit simple" before placing it in the 'E' category. There was also little love from both presenters for another team which has struggled to be competitive on the track in recent years. The striking blue of the Williams cars has been praised by some, as Brundle acknowledged, but the presenter was quick to point out a problem. "That's just going to get lost in the tarmac," he said, before grading it with a 'D'. Red Bull may have claimed the drivers' world championship last season, but that didn't help them when it came to their 2022 liveries being examined by the two Sky pundits. The team has stuck with its tried and tested colour scheme again this year, but Brundle's main bugbear was with the placement of sponsors – even comparing parts of it to a London bus. As a result, Max Verstappen's car was placed in 'C' along with the AlphaTauri – the sister teams failing to impress Brundle and Schiff. DON'T MISS:Norris defends Mercedes despite predicting 'more pain' for McLarenBrundle noticed alarming Verstappen behaviour during Bahrain GPMercedes warned by Aston Martin over issue facing Hamilton and Russell There was a small amount of controversy in the 'B' category between the two presenters. Both agreed that the blue and pink effort from Alpine was worthy of a solid grade, but Schiff was stunned as Brundle used his veto power to prevent her from placing the striking red Ferrari at the top of the pile. His issues were with where black has been used to compliment the traditional red, and put it level with the Alpine on the board. After much deliberation, they could not decide between them whether the McLaren, complete with new light blue accents to compliment the popular 'papaya' shade, would slot into the 'A' or 'B' category, so they put it halfway between. It left only three more designs to go through, all of which went right to the top. The Mercedes design was a no-brainer, as both presenters declared that they were happy to see a return to a main colour of silver after two years of black cars. Aston Martin's shimmering green also made it into the highest category, but only after Schiff overruled her more experienced partner to place it there. But there was total agreement between them that the very best of the lot is the Alfa Romeo. Both praised the striking red and white design, and Brundle added: "I think that will really stand out on the track – it reminds me a little bit of [Ayrton] Senna in a McLaren." 