Mandy's journey to weight loss has been an emotional one to say the least. But after being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, she knew she needed to make a change. In August last year, she volunteered to take part in a new initiative created by Fitbit in partnership with Diabetes UK, to help her better manage her health. And in turn, she dropped an impressive 26lb, or 1st 12lb. Setting her goal to fit into a dress her late mother bought her 15 years ago, Mandy went into the 16-week long programme head-on and is now reaping the rewards. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop She was able to track her health habits and soon became more aware of her activity levels, nutrition, sleep, and stress. During the programme, she was also supported by the Indian Body Coach Juggy Sidhu, and his multidisciplinary healthcare team. Mandy found the support from each party helpful in taking steps to implement new long-term habits to help manage her condition. DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] Mandy has found a diet strategy that works for her, making her more conscious of what she's eating and how it an effect her condition. And she has seen marked improvements in managing her diabetes in other ways, too. She has managed to increase her daily steps by a whopping 5,000, having only been averaging 1,900 per day. Now, Mandy ensures she gets between 7,000 - 8,000 steps in during her busy day-to-day life, which keeps her feeling fit and more energised. She has also began doing three 15-minute workouts per week, to better engage with her fitness levels and encourage her to stay active daily. And her resting heart rate also decreased by 10 beats per minute. Of her success, Mandy beamed: "I have had a dress for 15 years; it was the last thing my mum went shopping with me for. "I have never been able to wear it as it's always been too tight. "Now I can get it on, I actually cried when I realised it could get over my hips and tummy!" Type 2 diabetes is a common condition that causes the level of sugar in the blood to become too high. It's caused by problems with the body's insulin levels, and is often linked to being overweight or inactive, or having a family history of type 2 diabetes. But studies have shown improvements if a person suffering with Type 2 diabetes changes their diet and loses weight. As stated on Diabetes.co.uk, the strongest evidence suggests it is mainly put into remission by weight loss, but they note remission "is more likely" if you lose weight as soon as possible after your diabetes diagnosis.