Max Verstappen is the current reigning Formula One World Champion after winning the title in 2021. He will take to the tracks once again this year, with his girlfriend Kelly Piquet likely cheering him on. Verstappen has been dating Kelly Piquet since the end of 2020, with their relationship continuing to blossom ever since. The duo first announced their relationship with an Instagram post at the beginning of 2021. The image showed the couple together on a beach, with a caption reading: "Happy New Year everyone. Let’s make 2021 a year to remember in many ways. READ MORE: Kate and William to spend 'quality time' with Meghan and Harry soon "Wishing you all success, love and happiness just as I found mine." Piquet is the daughter of Nelson Piquet, a Brazilian racing driver and three-time Formula One World Champion. Her mother, Sylvia Tamsma, is a Dutch model. Following in her mother's footsteps, Piquet has spent time modelling, as well as working as a columnist, blogger and public relations professional. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton salary: How much does the F1 driver earn? [REVEALED]Lewis Hamilton name: Why has he changed his name - what will it be? [INSIGHT]Kate is 'William's rock' in Belize but the Prince is 'tense' [COMMENT] Piquet spent most of her childhood living in the South of France until she moved to Brazil aged 12. She lived in Brazil until she was 15 when she relocated to France before later relocating to England where she studied at a boarding school. Piquet attended Marymount Manhattan College in New York, majoring in International Relations with an emphasis on political science and economics. The Brazilian model went on to work for Vogue Latinoamerica, Bergdorf Goodman, KCD PR agency, in addition to being a columnist for Marie Claire magazine. As a model, Piquet posed for PatBO and Lucas Boccalão. She has also walked the catwalk in some fashion shows. Piquet has one daughter, named Penelope, whom she shares with Russian Formula One driver Daniil Kvyat. Her relationship with Verstappen is reported to have begun in October 2020. Although it is not clear how the couple met, they have since met one another's family. According to Verstappen, however, he did not discuss Formula One when he met with Nelson Piquet. When asked about the meeting, Verstappen said: "We didn't talk about it because I don’t need advice. “I know what to do in the car and I don’t have to ask anyone. "Better to spend some time with the family.”