Not everyone gets the same amount of state pension when they reach state pension age. An online tool can show people how much they are on course to be entitled to and if they can increase it. It is important people have as much information as possible about their state pension, as it can play a huge role in their retirement. A free online service is offered by the Government which allows Britons to find out where they stand. The ‘Check your state pension forecast’ tool is completely free to use and can be accessed via the Gov.uk website. It is important to note that the service can only be used by people who have not reached state pension age. READ MORE: Couple loses £77,000 in ‘devastating’ scam - Lloyds Bank issues warning The tool can show people the following information relating to their state pension: DON'T MISSPOLL: Are you more or less likely to vote for Boris after Sunak's Spring Statement? VOTE [POLL]National Insurance: The exact age you can stop paying National Insurance [INSIGHT]New savings account offering 'highly competitive interest rate' launches this week [SAVINGS] It may also be possible to get a forecast over the phone or by post. The full new state pension is currently worth £179.60 per week, or £9,339.20 per year. But not everyone will be able to get the full sum, as this will depend on their National Insurance record. To get the full new state pension, Britons could need 35 qualifying years on their record. A minimum of 10 years could be needed to get any state pension whatsoever. Britons can use the forecast tool to see if there are gaps in their National Insurance record which may prevent them from getting the full state pension. They can then explore options for increasing their state pension amount. This could potentially be done by claiming certain benefits which have associated National Insurance credits, or by paying voluntary National Insurance contributions. Currently, people can access their state pension from age 66 in the UK. This applies to both men and women. However, this will change in the future. By 2028, the state pension age is set to rise to 67. It is then scheduled to increase again to age 68 by 2046.