Former Loose Women host Andrea McLean spoke candidly about Russia's invasion of Ukraine last month, as the ex-ITV presenter revealed her family had suffered a similar fate. The mum-of-two, who quit the daytime show in 2020, has recently teamed up with UNICEF to support the refugee crisis which has plagued Ukraine. The 52-year-old also shared her support for the civilians of Ukraine as she addressed her own family history. The presenter explained that many years ago her family was forced to flee Russia and Poland as they were at risk of persecution. The small-screen star shared that her grandparents settled in the UK, as she described the current war in Ukraine is all too familiar for members of her family, including her dad. Andrea said that he is particularly "upset" over the current crisis but has been supporting the war effort through charitable causes. READ MORE: A Place In The Sun presenter Laura Hamilton's son taken to hospital She explained: "My dad has been very upset about it because my dad's side of the family were in the same situation. They were from Poland and Russia. "Many years ago, they had to flee then and so they were in exactly the same position and ended up in the UK. My grandparents were people who went through exactly this." Andrea continued: "My parents' side of the family were Russian and Polish and were at risk of persecution. "For my dad, it's really brought it home to him how awful it is. That this is still happening in this day and age. You would have thought we would have learned from this. It's still happening."  The small-screen star explained that her family came from a Jewish background and sought refuge in Britain. The author also revealed that she and her family members have been supporting Ukrainians through charitable gestures. "My dad is very involved in the Rotary Club so he previously had been helping with the Afghanistan refugees coming to this country," Andrea explained. "He was part of a group that would go to the airport, meet people and greet them with clothes and blankets." DON'T MISS... ‘Broke my heart’ Claire Sweeney forced to sell Mallorca villa[LATEST]Jada Pinkett Smith shares cryptic post after Will Smith's Oscars slap[INSTAGRAM]Katy Perry suffers wardrobe malfunction as skintight trousers rip open[PICTURES] She added: "And so, I've been helping gather clothes and things that I know they'll make sure will get sent on. "Personally, we don't know anyone [affected by the war] but we can feel it." The former Loose Women host has since teamed up with UNICEF to host a star-studded fundraising concert for Ukraine. The TV star joined Olympic gold medallist Robin Cousins, X Factor winner Dalton Harris and West End stars to raise money for the UNICEF emergency fund that will go to their ground operations in Ukraine. Other famous faces at the event included professional dancers AJ and Curtis Pritchard, The Greatest Dancer winner Ellie Fergusson, West End star Kelly Price and many more, who entertained viewers at the Royal Hippodrome Theatre in Eastbourne on Monday, with fundraising also available to stream online. As the conflict in Ukraine continues to escalate, millions of children and their families have been forced to flee their homes and seek refuge in neighbouring European countries. UNICEF is calling for an immediate ceasefire and aims to support the most vulnerable children and families. Some of their work includes providing families with access to clean water, healthy food, delivering lifesaving supplies, safe spaces for mothers and children, and providing protection for unaccompanied children or those separated from their family members. Speaking about the event, Andrea said: "What's great news is that it's sold out. And it's sold out in Eastbourne."You can take part in as much that you can watch from home. You can still donate and so that's awesome." The Concert for Ukraine was held on March 28 and is available to stream. If you wish to donate to the UNICEF appeal please visit https://www.unicef.org.uk/unicef/ukraine