The reception was warm and ringing across the house. Of course, it was, this man is single-handedly protecting Europe from Russian neo-Nazism. But in truth, the clapping and cheering felt woefully weak. Speaker of the House Lindsay Hoyle wore a blue and yellow tie, like it was cup-final day and he was sporting his team's favours. Like I say, it felt woefully weak. To paraphrase Mr Zelensky: "I don't need fancy dress, I need air cover."For 13 long days of carnage the talk has been of how Europe can help protect Ukraine when of course the truth is the courage and sacrifice of Zelensky's people is saving Europe.Whatever the outcome of the war now – and it is by no means as certain as it seemed 13 days ago – any idea Vladimir Putin had of taking the next Eastern European state, then the next, and the next is now dead in the water. Ukrainian courage has seen to that.Mr Zelensky spoke warmly of our country but there the diplomatic subtext – give us air cover – hung in the House of Commons air like a bad smell.As far as Mr Zelensky is concerned NATO, the UN and the West generally were far too quick to take air cover off the table. He, and a growing number of other voices, see it as a diplomatic mistake – whether we attempts a no-fly zone or not we lost a bargaining chip. But there are perhaps the first stirrings of a U-turn. The prospect of Polish MIGs being sent to Ukraine while the US backfills Warsaw's air force-16s seems a big step. A first foray into calling Putin's bluff. It's all military and political chicanery of course – but it's a powerful statement of intent, one we threw away in the early days of the war preferring to cower in the face of Putin's threats.And maybe it's not before time.The West has spent many years credulously buying Putin's increasingly unacceptable rhetoric and high stakes bullying believing him to be some political genius and head of an invincible military force.The last 13 days have shown him to be neither. In wrapping up Mr Zelensky thanked Boris for "sanctions against the terrorist state" but added: "We are fighting one of the biggest armies in the world. We have to fight helicopters and rockets."Make sure our skies are safe. Do what needs to be done and what is stipulated by the greatness of your country."It felt like a Churchill speaking to a room full of Chamberlains.