Manchester United legend Roy Keane infamously criticised the club on MUTV during his spell at Old Trafford. Unfortunately for the general public, however, the tape of him speaking was never released. Yet new information has surfaced about the Sky Sports pundit and how his once-close relationship with Sir Alex Ferguson broke down. In 2005, Manchester United were very much a team in transition. Chelsea had emerged as the country’s new superpower, cruising to Premier League title glory during Jose Mourinho’s first season in charge. That had come after Arsenal had gone the whole of the 2003/2004 season unbeaten, with United left to finish third with the FA Cup to their name. With United blowing hot and cold - at least compared to Ferguson’s greater teams - Keane’s temper started to boil over. And, after the Red Devils had been thumped 4-1 by Middlesbrough on a chastening afternoon at the Riverside Stadium, Keane was invited onto MUTV’s Play the Pundit. This was a chance for players to analyse matches and weigh in with what went wrong, or right, on the day. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Keane, however, apparently went too far. That has been the consensus for many years, with mixed stories emerging. Ferguson accused the former Republic of Ireland international of going over the top when it came to criticising the likes of Kieran Richardson and Darren Fletcher. Yet the likes of Wayne Rooney and Rio Ferdinand have since insisted that Keane’s comments were nothing untoward, certainly nothing major. Keane ended up leaving United, joining Celtic before hanging up his boots in the summer of 2006. His relationship with Ferguson has been fractured ever since, with the duo not believed to be on speaking terms. And The Athletic say that David Gill had four copies of the video in his safe during his time at Old Trafford. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message All four were filmed from different angles and, right now, it’s unclear what happened to them. One senior figure at Old Trafford is said to still believe United have one copy, at the very least, with them. Gill, however, has never spoken about it. MUTV never showed Play the Pundit again, a consequence of the Keane saga and perhaps a way of ensuring there’s no repeat of the drama in the future. But United players, and Fletcher in particular, did end up dominating English football again once their captain departed. They won three Premier League crowns on the spin between 2007 and 2009, with a raw Cristiano Ronaldo taking the top flight by storm. They also claimed Champions League glory in 2008, too, beating Chelsea in the final on a rainy night in Moscow. Meanwhile, in his autobiography, Ferguson opened up on what Keane said - according to himself - during the interview. “Roy described Kieran Richardson as a ‘lazy defender’, doubted why ‘people in Scotland rave about Darren Fletcher’ and said of Rio Ferdinand, ‘Just because you are paid £120,000 a week and play well for 20 minutes against Tottenham, you think you are superstar,’” he said. “Jesus, it was unbelievable. He slaughtered everyone. “Darren Fletcher got it. Alan Smith. Van der Sar. Roy was taking them all down.” Rooney said a few years ago that Ferguson’s rage over the Keane tape was the angriest he’d ever seen the Scot. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “It’s well known there was a meeting,” he said. “Roy had had a go at some of the players on the club’s TV channel. Fergie wasn’t happy, so he called a meeting for us to all watch it together. “We all went into Alex Ferguson’s office — the coaches, the whole squad. “We watched it together. Roy asked if any of the players had a problem and everyone said no because, to be fair, it wasn’t that bad. “It got into an argument between Roy and the manager. A few things got said and then I’ve seen Alex Ferguson jumping over his desk. “I was thinking, ‘Wow, this is crazy’. I was only 19 at the time. He (Ferguson) was getting held back. “It calmed down. Then, the next day, Roy was in training. And, 30 minutes later, we saw him driving off. That was the last we saw of him.”