Myriad diets promise positive health outcomes, but most aim to tackle individual ailments. The Mediterranean diet has long been revered for being one of the healthiest, slashing the risk of both heart disease and dementia. New findings, however, suggest another diet may deliver comparable effects. Nordic dietary patterns, which emphasise heart-healthy oils, could significantly lower blood sugar and cholesterol levels over time. The new study has suggested the diet, which focuses on foods found in Norway, Denmark and Iceland, could slash high cholesterol and blood sugar levels within six months. Lars Ove Dragsted, research and head of section at the University of Copenhagen’s Department of Nutrition, Exercise and Sports, said: “It’s surprising because most people believe that positive effects on blood sugar and cholesterol are solely due to weight loss. “Here, we have found this not to be the case. Other mechanisms are also at play.”The researchers analysed blood and urine samples from 200 people with elevated BMI, aged over 50. READ MORE: High cholesterol: A ‘handful' of a certain snack could slash levels by 11.6% in 'weeks' Participants were split up into two groups; the first received a Nordic diet while the second was instructed to follow their habitual diet. “The group that had been on the Nordic diet for six months became significantly healthier, with lower cholesterol levels, lower overall levels of both saturated and unsaturated fat in the blood and better regulation of glucose, compared to the control group. “We kept the group on the Nordic diet weight stable, meaning that we asked them to eat more if they lost weight. “Even without weight loss, we could see an improvement in their health.”  The main sources of fat in the Nordic diet come from fish, flaxseeds, sunflower and rapeseed, which are considered very healthy for the body. “The fat composition in the Nordic diet, which is higher in omega-3 and omega-6 unsaturated fats, is probably a considerable part of the explanation for the health effects we find from the Nordic diet, even when the weight of participants remains constant,” explained Mr Dragsted. The diet also emphasises complex carbohydrates and fibre, which can bind to fatty molecules in the digestive tract and drag them out of the body. It shares a lot of similarities with the Mediterranean diet, which is touted for its heart-protective benefits. One of the key differences is in the oils it includes, such as canola oil, which contains a markedly lower amount of saturated fats than extra-virgin olive oil. It remains unknown, however, how exactly the oil is able to lower both cholesterol and blood sugar levels. But the Harvard T.H Chan School of Public Health explains that the oil contains significant levels of polyunsaturated omega-3 fat. These compounds have previously been shown to help lower blood sugar levels in individuals with Type II Diabetes.