The West Yorkshire Fire & Rescue Service posted about the incident on their website, which broke out at 11:14pm on Friday March 11. Residents are being advised to keep windows and doors closed as the blaze is extinguished. The website read: "Large incident in the Ravensthorpe area of Dewsbury. "Approximately 80 firefighters are in attendance dealing with a large fire on Ravensthorpe Industrial Estate.  "Current advice being issued to local residents and businesses is to please keep all doors and windows closed whilst the fire is being extinguished. "Fire appliances, specialist supporting resources and officers from around the county are currently in attendance."  On Twitter the fire service posted several images showing three aerial ladders being used to try and tackle the inferno. Firefighters have reportedly deployed 15 pumps, one high pressure pump and three aerial ladder platforms to calm the blaze. The building on fire has reportedly been identified as the Arthur Brooks recycling centre. West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service tweeted: "Residents in the Ravensthorpe area of Dewsbury are being asked to keep doors and windows closed as crews attend a large fire at the Ravensthorpe Industrial Estate on Low Mill Lane." In a separate tweet they wrote: "Three aerial ladder platforms are now at the scene of the large fire in Ravensthorpe - crews from across West Yorkshire are continuing to tackle the blaze."  READ MORE: PSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interest An update at 3:25am from the Fire Service said the number of pumps had been elevated from 10 to 15. They said: “Incident has now been increased to 15 pumps and 3 aerials along with various other specialist resources including hose laying equipment and a high volume pump. “Approximately 100 fire fighters and specialist officers are currently on scene tackling the blaze which is involving heavy machinery and stacks of scrap metal.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry won't return to UK for Prince Philip's memorial service [ROYALS]Ukrainians celebrate as drone strike completely blasts Russian tank [WAR LATEST]Royal Family LIVE: Harry & Meghan savaged for new political move [LIVE]  