Arsenal legend Ray Parlour has named who he wants to replace Alexandre Lacazette as Gunners captain. Lacazette has taken onboard the armband following the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January. However, there are big doubts over the future of the Frenchman at the Emirates. Lacazette's contract expires in the summer and it remains to be seen if he will put pen to paper on a new deal. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has said recently a thorough process will be held to decide the club's next skipper. Kieran Tierney has often been handed the armband in recent weeks when Lacazette has been substituted, hinting he is next in line. And Parlour reckons the Scotland international is the ideal candidate for the job. He told the Design Museum: “I would love to see Kieran Tierney become captain of Arsenal. READ MORE: Tottenham left with egg on face amid humiliating Champions League quarter-final line-up  "He’s been a brilliant signing from Celtic and I think his personality really shines through on the pitch. His desire and commitment to the cause is never in question. "I think he also has the balance between youth and experience to be respected by everybody within the dressing room. It’s a proud moment to be named club captain, but I don’t think who wears the armband is the most important factor because Arsenal should have leaders all over the pitch who want to embrace that responsibility. "The entire squad needs to be brave enough to criticise each other and to challenge the team to become more successful if they’re to rival the likes of Manchester City, Chelsea and Liverpool in the coming years.” Last month, Parlour claimed he would like to see Lacazette stay on for another season. The forward turns 31 in May and has scored just four Premier League goals this season. DON'T MISSKlopp's 'proud' message to Rashford as Liverpool 'eye' move for Man Utd star [GOSSIP]Ian Wright in foul-mouthed Marcus Rashford rant after Man Utd star's statement [SOCIAL]Alan Shearer and six other pundits left humiliated as Chelsea predictions emerge [QUOTES]  Parlour said on talkSPORT: “Let’s hope they can do a deal with Lacazette because I’d love to see him stay at the club for another year. It’s not going to be a big deal like Aubameyang or [Mesut] Ozil. "He’s a grounded footballer who will probably take the same deal again. They still need to buy strikers, but he’s always good to have around the dressing room and it seems like the youngsters are learning from him. “You’ve got to have the right balance, good youngsters and people who have been around the block. I think he’s been brilliant since he got the captain’s armband.” Ray Parlour was speaking to the Design Museum to celebrate the launch of its new exhibition, Football: Designing the Beautiful Game, on Friday 8th April. Tickets are available to purchase from today: designmuseum.org/designingfootball Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here