The Prime Minister has told a committee of MPs that Labour was to blame for the UK not having more nuclear power stations. Boris Johnson lamented the fact Britain lags behind France on the number of nuclear power plants during an appearance before the Liaison Committee on Wednesday. Mr Johnson told the MPs: "This is the country that split the atom!" He added: "Why have the French got 56 nuclear reactors and we've got barely six. "Whose fault was it? "Labour party obviously but I leave that on one side."  Mr Johnson suggested small nuclear power plants could be on stream by the end of the decade but he acknowledged that the problems with energy supply would not be solved quickly without the continued use of oil and gas. "I'm not going to pretend that you are going to get a nuclear reactor on stream in real time for our constituents in the next couple of years, no. "We have got to do lots of other things, including transitional hydrocarbons and basically helping with the cost of living wherever we can. "But long-term and medium-term we have got to be looking at big ticket nuclear solutions, Sizewell and other projects, but we have also got to be looking at small modular reactors."  He insisted he remained committed to his net-zero goals but "in the short term" fossil fuels remained "a useful thing". The Prime Minister suggested reviving Iran's nuclear deal, resulting in eased sanctions, could mean "another source of supply might open up". But he insisted he was "not at all" moving away from his climate change commitments, highlighting the potential of hydrogen to power heavy machinery and heat homes. "We must not close down the hydrogen route. Hydrogen could be a fantastic solution, particularly for heavy goods vehicles, for farm machinery, for diggers, for ships. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] "Hydrogen really could be the answer. How do you get hydrogen? You get hydrogen out of hydrocarbons." Combining hydrogen power with carbon capture and storage could be a "serious long-term prospect for the UK", he suggested. Mr Johnson suggested hydrogen could play a role in heating homes. "People are anxious at the moment about putting in ground source, or air source, heat pumps to heat their homes," the Prime Minister said.