Manchester United chief John Murtough has admitted the club are continuing to explore their options when it comes to hiring a new boss. Ralf Rangnick was given the keys to the club on an interim basis following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the campaign. Yet the Red Devils aren't expected to appoint the 63-year-old permanently, especially given their mixed form under him so far. Manchester United sacked Solskjaer in November, less than 24 hours after a horrendous 4-1 defeat to Watford. They had originally eyed Pochettino to take over but, when it became apparent he wouldn't be allowed to leave Paris Saint-Germain, then hired Rangnick instead. The German has steadied the ship during a difficult time for the club yet overall performances, combined with results, have still failed to live up to expectations. At the current moment in time, it's understood United are seriously considering Pochettino and Ajax's Erik ten Hag to take over at Old Trafford at the end of the campaign. And Murtough, speaking at a fans forum, has now provided an update. "We are now conducting a thorough process for appointment of a new permanent manager who will take charge this summer, with the objective to get us back to challenging for those domestic and European titles," he said. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "While there is potential for further improvement and progress, we do feel that we now have the right structures in place across our teams to support long-term success and we will continue working relentlessly and investing to achieve that." Pochettino is thought to be angling for a Premier League return, especially with the Argentine struggling to get the best from his squad at PSG. He’s previously managed Tottenham and Southampton in England, faring well at both clubs. United have considered him to take over in the past, especially when Jose Mourinho lost his job in December 2018. In the end, however, they gave the job to Solskjaer permanently after he’d impressed on an interim basis. Ten Hag is another name in the frame, having done well at Ajax since taking over in Amsterdam back in 2017. And United have also been linked with Luis Enrique and Roberto Mancini, who are currently managing Spain and Italy respectively. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Darren Fletcher, meanwhile, also spoke at the forum. And he hailed the work of the club’s academy players, picking out Anthony Elanga for praise in the process. “That pipeline of Academy talent is a massive part of who we are as a club,” Fletcher said. “Anthony [Elanga] has done brilliantly since he broke into the first team, and Hannibal has also been more involved in the squad recently. “I’m working closely with Nick Cox, as Head of Academy, to look at the long-term strategy for bringing players through. “We have to manage the balance between allowing them to develop and creating the right steps for that, without piling the pressure onto them.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Fletcher also added: “With Ralf and his staff coming in, and Michael [Carrick] and Kieran [McKenna] choosing to move on, we had a quick transition process. “So part of my role has been to assist with that, both on the training pitch and during games. “I guess that’s been the most visible part for me this season, but that’s really an addition to my overall technical director role. “It’s been a brilliant experience since I took on the role, the combination of long-term planning and contributing to our strategic goals, with the opportunity to still be close to the team and management.” United are next in action against Manchester City on Sunday.