Manchester United are reportedly looking to name Erik ten Hag as their next permanent manager after choosing the Ajax boss over other candidates Mauricio Pochettino and Thomas Tuchel. The 52-year-old has done well at Ajax but, with the end of the campaign creeping closer, is now looking ahead to a new challenge. And the Red Devils’ star-studded squad is the perfect welcome gift for the Dutchman, despite their issues this term. Manchester United have been linked with a host of managers as they explore who should replace Ralf Rangnick, who was named interim boss in December, at the end of the campaign. For a while, it looked as though Mauricio Pochettino was top target - despite the Argentine struggling to get the best from his A-listers at Paris Saint-Germain. Thomas Tuchel has been linked in recent weeks, too, especially with Chelsea very much a team engulfed in turmoil. But, now, The Sun have claimed it’s Ten Hag who is leading the race to take over from Rangnick at the end of the campaign. The Ajax boss has re-built the Dutch outfit during his time in his homeland, making them a side to be reckoned with on the domestic and European stages. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And while United have struggled, he will be inheriting the perfect gifts in the form of their superstars at Old Trafford. Sure, there’s no denying they’ve been woefully off the pace this term. Their hopes of winning silverware are already over, and summer hasn’t even properly kicked in yet. But there is enough quality in the squad to re-emerge stronger than ever, especially with Ten Hag’s expert coaching. In David De Gea, they have one of the best shot-stoppers in the world football again with the Spain international currently operating at the peak of his powers. Diogo Dalot and Aaron Wan-Bissaka, with the right coaching, still have the potential to become two of the best right-backs in world football in the future. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message In Raphael Varane, United have an experienced centre-back warrior. Victor Lindelof has been good this season, too, though Harry Maguire and Eric Bailly are admittedly not up to scratch. Luke Shaw, if he can get his mojo back like he did under Solskjaer, can rival Andy Robertson to be the Premier League’s top left-back like he was just 12 months ago. Alex Telles, a gladiator at Porto, isn’t exactly a bad alternative either. In midfield, Paul Pogba will likely leave on a free transfer amid links to Real Madrid, PSG, Barcelona and Juventus. Yet if United can get the best from Donny van de Beek, who sparkled under Ten Hag at Ajax just a couple of years ago, they’ll be drastically improved. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Midfield is certainly where they need improvement. But, again, there’s a sense the right coach can get more from Fred - a shining light in their recent Champions League exit to Atletico Madrid - and Scott McTominay. A proper footballing brain should be able to install more discipline and cohesion in Bruno Fernandes, too, who remains erratic and a liability at times despite his obvious talent. Then, there’s United’s attackers. Marcus Rashford has been off the boil but, at the age of 24, time is still on his side to come good. Even though a move away would potentially benefit the player, the appointment of Ten Hag would as well. Jadon Sancho is now finally displaying his best football and, if he can continue improving at the current rate, can be a world-class asset for many years to come. And Cristiano Ronaldo’s recent hat-trick against Tottenham suggests the magic still remains, even if it’s starting to wane. Whether it’s Ten Hag, the man in pole position to take the United job, or somebody else this squad has enough quality to do better. Certainly, they shouldn’t be fighting it out to finish in the Champions League qualifying positions. And with a few more fresh faces, and with the deadwood (which is considerable) cut loose then United’s future can be just as bright as the past.