Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has been glowing in his praise of Aston Villa star Philippe Coutinho amid reports the Gunners are keen to sign the player this summer. Coutinho has been linked with a move to the Emirates in recent transfer windows. The Brazilian struggled to perform at Barcelona following his reported £142million move from Liverpool in January 2018. He joined Villa on loan in January to reunite with his former Reds team-mate Steven Gerrard, who is manager at the Midlands club. Coutinho has become an instant favourite with the Villa supporters. He has four goals and three assists to his name in nine Premier League appearances. Reports from Spain earlier this week claimed the 29-year-old's form upon his return to England has attracted the eye of Arsenal. Sport claims Villa have the first option to sign Coutinho on a permanent deal this summer. READ MORE: Calvert-Lewin sends message to Mikel Arteta as Arsenal hunt summer transfer  But Arsenal are hoping that collapses so they can make their move to sign him. The Gunners face a trip to Villa on Saturday lunchtime and Coutinho was a topic of discussion at Arteta's pre-match press conference on Friday. Asked if Coutinho is the danger man for Gerrard's side, he said: "One of [the danger men]. Obviously the team creates a lot of things when he's on the ball and he's in dangerous areas. "He has contributed a lot in the attacking phase so obviously it's something that we have to bear in mind." Arteta was then asked as to why Coutinho performs better in the Premier League than elsewhere. He replied: "His ability to create goals, to create chances and to unlock spaces when they don't exist. That's the quality that he had when he was at Liverpool." DON'T MISSIan Wright in foul-mouthed Marcus Rashford rant after Man Utd star's statement [SOCIAL]Man Utd board accept 'mistake' on hiring Ralf Rangnick as tensions grow behind the scenes [REPORT]Alan Shearer and six other pundits left humiliated as Chelsea predictions emerge [QUOTES]  Later in the press conference, Arsenal's previous interest in Coutinho was raised. Arteta explained why the club have not signed him to date. "We looked at many different players with qualities that he obviously had," said Arteta. "We went for a different option." Villa boss Gerrard was asked about the potential of keeping Coutinho beyond this season earlier this month. But the Liverpool legend insisted a decision had yet to be made. "When he's comfortable, he's happy and he's enjoying his football we all know we're dealing with a world-class talent," Gerrard said. "For me, it doesn't make sense to make any decisions now or say anything else on this, we just need to keep enjoying him and keep him healthy from now until the end of the season."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here