The Royal Family will celebrate the life of Prince Philip on Tuesday, ahead of the first anniversary marking the Duke of Edinburgh’s death. Crowds in their hundreds are expected at Westminster Abbey, including members from both Britain and Europe’s royal families. The following European royals have confirmed their attendance at Prince Philip’s memorial service: READ MORE: William and Kate savaged in furious five-minute TV rant  On Monday, the Norwegian Royal Court confirmed King Harald and Queen Sonja of Norway would no longer be able to attend. The Royal Court said King Harald remains unwell after testing positive for Covid last week. He was said to have mild symptoms and has been temporarily replaced on constitutional duties by the Crown Prince Regent. King Harald is related to the Royal Family as a second cousin of Queen Elizabeth II.  No official confirmation has been released from Buckingham Palace that the Queen will attend the memorial service. In recent months, her Majesty has been hampered by illness issues, including a bout of Covid. However, she is thought to be very keen to pay tribute to her late husband, who she was married to for more than seven decades. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Andrew breaks cover! Duke spotted  [LIVE]Children set fire to Morrisons in town where parents must 'get a grip' [INSIGHT]Police swarm into street after girl, 11, stabbed near school [NEWS]  Elsewhere, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, will lead a list of Royal Family members expected to be in attendance. They will be joined by Prince Edward, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, Princess Anne and her husband Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are also expected to be present after completing an eight-day tour of the Caribbean. Many of Prince Philip’s grandchildren are anticipated to make an appearance alongside other non-working members of the Royal Family.  They include Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie, Zara Tindall, Peter Phillips, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Prince Andrew is likely to be present for what will be his first public appearance with the Royal Family since the US civil case brought against him by Virginia Giuffre was settled earlier this month. However, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex are not expected to attend Prince Philip's memorial service. Earlier this month, a spokesperson for the Duke announced he will not be returning from the US for the event. 