Loose Women airs every weekday on ITV from 12.30pm but the show will be absent from its usual slot next week. The panel will kick off the week in the usual fashion but the show won’t air from Tuesday onwards to make way for the ITV Racing Live reporting from the Cheltenham Festival. Next Tuesday, This Morning will air from 10am to 12.30pm as usual. However, ITV News has been brought forward to air directly after the morning show. ITV Racing Live will then follow the news from 12.50pm until 4pm. This schedule will replace the usual schedule until Friday next week. Read more: Coleen Nolan addresses Loose Women feud rumours Next Tuesday, This Morning will air from 10am to 12.30pm as usual. However, ITV News has been brought forward to air directly after the morning show. ITV Racing Live will then follow the news from 12.50pm until 4pm. This schedule will replace the usual schedule until Friday next week. Loose Women isn’t the only ITV show to be involved in a schedule shake-up due to sporting events. Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway and the Starstruck final have both been postponed. ITV viewers will be treated to a double dosing of rugby instead. Ireland takes on Scotland from 4.45pm while France goes up against England at 8pm on March 19. The Dancing on Ice final will also be delayed due to ITV’s sports coverage. Nottingham Forest take on Liverpool in a FA Cup quarter-final match. The game kicks off at 6pm clashing with Dancing on Ice’s usual start time of 6.30pm. Fans of the skating competition will have to wait another week to see who will win this year’s series. DON'T MISSCharlene White admits Loose Women fears due to 'nonsense' feud rumours [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Carol claims Queen is 'protecting us from Charles'  [VIDEO]Christine Lampard apologises after Adam Lambert swears on Loose Women [INTERVIEW] Only five couples remain in the competition with Paralympian Stef Reid losing out on a place in the semi-final last weekend. In the dreaded skate-off, the judges opted to save Olympian Kye Whyte. Connor Ball, Regan Gascoigne and Kimberly Wyatt sailed through to the semi-final. Former Strictly Come Dancing professional Brendan Cole will also skate for a chance to be in the final. At the end of last weekend’s quarter-final, host Phillip Schofield announced a twist for the coming show. He said: “There’s something our couples don’t know so listen up because we’ve kept this quiet all day. “I can now reveal next week will be a double elimination.” Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays at 12.30pm.