Erling Haaland has made it clear to Real Madrid he wants to join them, according to reports. However, Haaland is determined to sign for Real this summer and not be made to wait until the end of next season before leaving Borussia Dortmund. Real and Dortmund are claimed to have agreed a strategy for a deal to occur in 2023 but the Norwegian striker is firmly against the idea. Haaland is set to be one of the most sought-after players in this summer's transfer market. His release clause of around £62.1million (€75m) becomes active at the end of this season. That is set to attract interest from a whole host of Europe's top clubs. And it appears La Liga giants Real are the preferred destination for Haaland. JUST IN: Chelsea's incoming owner sent message over first task in Man City and Liverpool warning  Spanish newspaper AS claims Haaland has expressed his desire to join Real. Dortmund have offered the 21-year-old a new contract on the same money he would receive at Real in an attempt to keep him at the club for one more season. But Haaland is determined to leave Dortmund at the earliest opportunity. Real are also hoping to sign Paris Saint-Germain superstar Kylian Mbappe on a free transfer this summer. DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi set to go head to head again for Man Utd and PSG [REPORT]Chelsea may sign Barcelona star if Andreas Christensen completes Nou Camp transfer [GOSSIP]Arsenal's spectacular XI next season with three new signings and William Saliba [OPINION]  AS says they had agreed with Dortmund to complete a deal for Haaland in 2023 in order to stagger his arrival with Mbappe. But Haaland is set to be granted his wish of leaving this summer instead. A meeting will be held in the final two weeks of this month between Haaland's father, his agent Mino Raiola and Dortmund to finalise the decision that the player will leave in the next window. Despite Haaland's release clause being as low as £62.1m, the entire fee is set to be a lot higher for the buying club.  Agents fees to Raiola and Haaland's father will double that amount to around £124.2m. Real are still set to face strong competition for Haaland, with Raiola's decision on the player's wage demands and signing bonus set to have a big impact. AS says Barcelona president Joan Laporta has already held two meetings with Raiola. Manchester United and Manchester City are also interested, as are Bayern Munich.  Paris Saint-Germain are deemed to be the least attractive proposition to Haaland of the major clubs interested. If Haaland is to leave, Dortmund want to get the wheels in motion in terms of signing a replacement. Ajax's Sebastien Haller and Red Bull Salzburg's Karim Adeyemi are two top targets. Sparta Prague's Adam Hlozek and Bayer Leverkusen's Patrik Schick are also mentioned by AS.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here