Britons could be sitting on a small fortune as ordinary coins with minting mistakes become worth hundreds and complete collections can earn their owner far more than their face value. Ocean Finance shared the rarest and most sought after 50p coin could be worth £230, over 400 times more than its face value. These 2009 special edition coins only saw 210,000 released into circulation. This makes it the rarest 50p Britons could come across and one of which sold on eBay for £230 in 2020 - although it's down to the eBay seller as to how much it's listed for, and the buyer as to how much it's bought for. The coin has also secured top place in the Change Checker scarcity index, which highlights the UKs most sought after coins. READ MORE: Pension death benefits may be at risk in Rishi Sunak’s spring statement - ‘too generous!’     This coin features the Chinese Pagoda and is a popular collectors item. The London Olympics in 2012 saw a commemorative series of 29 50p coins released into circulation. Coin Hunters have reported that having the full collection could earn owners £91, almost seven times more than its face value.  However, certain coins in the collection are also worth more than others with the most valuable being:  £2 coins are usually made using two kinds of metal: silver cupro-nickel disc in the centre surrounded by a nickel-brass ring on the outside. However, this additional layer provides an additional chance for mistakes and errors. In 2017 a collector spotted a £2 coin that was accidentally made entirely of nickel-brass. The Standing on the Shoulders of Giants coin had 10,270,000 coins put into circulation with only a few having the nickel-brass error.  Experts have noted that this unique coin could be worth over £1,000. Ocean Finance recommended that Britons who spot a valuable coin in their wallet, or one that has a design or error they haven’t seen before, should start by looking up the coin online. The Royal Mint website provides information on all the coins they have produced, including those with errors. Additionally, they also offer an authentication service to help Britons check if their coins are genuine. The Change Checker scarcity index can also help narrow down how sought after, valuable or rare one’s coin is.