Chelsea face a trip to Premier League basement boys Norwich on Thursday night after thumping Burnley 4-0 on Saturday. The Blues have been in strong form in recent weeks and proved far superior to the Clarets at the weekend as Kai Havertz struck a brace between strikes from Reece James and Christian Pulisic. Havertz will likely lead the forward line for Chelsea once again in east Anglia as the west Londoners go in search of another three points. Manager Thomas Tuchel confirmed that James could miss the clash with Norwich after picking-up an injury five days ago. But the German was handed good news as Cesar Azpilicueta and Marcos Alonso were declared fit for the encounter. And Express Sport takes a look at how Tuchel could line-up against the Canaries. Goalkeeper – Mendy Edouard Mendy has been a revelation since moving to Stamford Bridge and has kept a remarkable 41 clean sheets in his 75 appearances for the club. JUST IN: Man Utd forced into Pogba action as Juventus put 'offer on the table'   The Senegal international returned to the starting line-up against Sean Dyche’s men after being rested in the FA Cup. And he will be named between the sticks once again for this one. Defence – Christensen, Rudiger, Silva Tuchel has perpetually rotated his backline this season, with Antonio Rudiger and Thiago Silva the least prone to drop out of the side. The duo could therefore keep their places in the back three after proving at times this season that they should be regarded as two of the best defenders in the Premier League. The third defensive spot is up for grabs and Tuchel could decide to give the nod to Andreas Christensen, who started both of his side’s Club World Cup matches last month. DON'T MISS: Neville's 'shut people up' prediction proved right after Ronaldo claimMan Utd may have perfect Rashford successor as Dortmund star eyes exit Man Utd must avoid repeating mistakes with Rashford contract decision      Midfield – Azpilicueta, Kante, Jorginho, Alonso Azpilicueta sat out Saturday’s victory at Turf Moor after injuring himself in the Carabao Cup final against Liverpool. But the Spain international could return in place of James on the right side of Chelsea’s midfield. The ever-assured N’Golo Kante and Jorginho could provide the energy and dynamism in the middle of the pitch if Tuchel decides to name Mateo Kovacic on the bench again. And Alonso should be the man to give his team width on the left after returning from a COVID-19 layoff.   Forwards – Mount, Havertz, Pulisic The Blues attack has struggled to penetrate opposition defences at times this season. But they had no trouble at the weekend as their forward line ran their hosts ragged. Havertz appears to be Chelsea’s main man at the moment after striking his eighth and ninth goals of the campaign last time out. So Tuchel could therefore put his faith in his compatriot once again at Carrow Road, with Christian Pulisic and Mason Mount also given the responsibility of making things happen in front of goal. And if the manager decides to reward the trio for their performances at the weekend, it will mean there is no place for record signing Romelu Lukaku yet again. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 