Ex-Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk sat down on LBC Radio to discuss NATO leaders. NATO has been allying themselves with Ukraine, sending help and weaponry and taking fleeing Ukrainian refugees. NATO members held a conference on the Russian invasion earlier this week to discuss more ways to help Ukraine. Mr Yatsenyuk pushed for Macron to send over military tanks as promised, slamming him for dragging his feet, and claiming that the war in Ukraine affects the security of every European country. Mr Yatsenyuk said: "That's what Putin is closely watching, as for now, Putin didn't expect this kind of unity and consolidated and concerted actions against the Russian federation. "But you know, the time is running and we don't have enough time to wait until some EU member states decide to supply more weapons to Ukraine. "Or to impose tougher and stronger sanctions on the Russian Federation, so the EU has to be decisive and they have to speed up the process of new sanctions. "And the shipment and delivery of weapons to Ukraine, because it's not just about Ukraina and they realise it clearly, this is about the free world. "And this is about the security of every single nation in the European Union, so the French have to kick the pedal to the metal." JUST IN: Putin's 'biggest' Achilles' heel exposed as 'derided' Russian despot facing furious REVOLT Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky explained this week that he expected "serious steps" from Western-allied countries. Mr Zelensky repeated the calls for a no-fly zone over Ukraine to be imposed by NATO forces and complained that the Western allies had not yet provided Ukraine with sufficient planes, up to date modern anti-missile systems, tanks or anti-ship weapons. Mr Zelensky added: "At these three summits we will see who is our friend, who is our partner and who sold us out and betrayed us." President Zelensky also expressed that he was grateful for the support Ukraine was continuing to receive from individual NATO member countries from around the world. Mr Zelensky added: "But NATO has yet to show what the alliance can do to save people," he said. "It feels like we're in the grey zone between the West and Russia, but we're protecting all our and your shared values. READ MORE:Mum left fuming after letter describes her 'active' four-year-old daughter as overweight "The alliance can still prevent the deaths of Ukrainians from Russian strikes, from Russian occupation by giving us all the weapons we need." Prime Minister Boris Johnson has condemned Russian President Putin over his invasion of Ukraine and slammed him once again at the NATO conference earlier this week. Mr Johnson said: "Vladimir Putin has already crossed the red line into barbarism. "The harder our sanctions ... the more we can do to help Ukraine ... the faster this thing can be over."  DON’T MISS:Russia scaling back invasion as troops retreat to eastern Ukraine after weeks of stalemateBoris plan for cheaper energy bills blocked by Sunak, allies say - ‘Modern Mike Yarwood’Priti Patel in fresh migrant storm as High Court rules Home Office broke the law Mr Johnson added: "We've got to tighten the economic vice around Putin, sanctioning more people today, as we are, sanctioning the Wagner Group, looking at what we can do to stop Putin using his gold reserves, and also doing more to help the Ukrainians defend themselves." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has been playing an active role in trying to de-escalate the war with Russia by imposing tight sanctions on Russia to try and stop Putin's warpath of destruction. Ms Truss has warned that infighting between NATO countries at the moment could be highly detrimental for progress in ending the war. Mr Truss said: "Russia's targeting of critical national infrastructure is calculated and dangerous. "It shows Putin is prepared to risk lives to sow division and confusion among allies." 