Real Madrid's stirring Champions League comeback against PSG on Wednesday was all too much for one Spanish TV presenter, who broke down in tears as he reflected on yet another famous European night at the Bernabeu. Los Blancos looked dead and buried when Kylian Mbappe scored in the first-half to put the Parisians 2-0 up on aggregate in their last-16 tie. But the second period became the Karim Benzema show, with the Frenchman scoring a sensational 16-minute hat-trick to completely turn the match on its head and leave the visitors stunned. Madrid celebrated jubilantly at full-time, and will now feel confident that they can go on and claim a remarkable 14th European Cup to add to their glorious past. Over on notorious Spanish TV show El Chiringuito, emotions were running equally as high. And Madrid fan and presenter Edu Aguirre couldn't stop himself from crying as he explained why the win meant so much. "There was no footballing reason to think they (Madrid) could win," Aguirre started. "PSG had Kylian Mbappe, Neymar, Lionel Messi. They were better. "But this is Real Madrid. This is Real Madrid. And they might have thought we would be dead 1,000 times, but we are always going to win. We are always going to win." Aguirre was then lost for words, and was left shaking his head in disbelief before the tears started to fall. After a long pause, he eventually regained his composure, and continued: "All of us at the Bernabeu believed we could do it until the very end. "This is much more than the Champions League last-16. This is f****** Real Madrid. "They might try to kill us, or laugh at us, but the 11 players who started, and those who came off the bench, and all of those in the stadium represented the badge. "I can't explain it. I can only thank God, my father and my grandfather for making me a Real Madrid fan. "Honestly, this is one of the happiest nights of my life. I have no words." Madrid will now turn their attentions back to La Liga duties when they travel to Mallorca on Monday. They are eight points clear at the top of the table, and another hugely successful campaign is still on the cards despite them lacking some of the star power and Galacticos that they have possessed in the past. 