Countdown presenter Anne Robinson has claimed that she's paid £100 extra for every wink she does on the popular Channel 4 show. In a new interview, the former Weakest Link host, 77, spoke candidly about her signature move that has continued as a tradition following her move from the BBC to Channel 4. Anne hosted The Weakest Link for 12 years before leaving the show in 2012 upon completing her contract. The so-called Queen-of-Mean hosted over 1,600 episodes during her tenure. During her stint on the BBC quiz show, the formidable host became known for ending the show with her signature wink, before adding a curt "goodbye". But now, the star claims to have convinced Channel 4 bosses that she will continue with the move she's best known for - but at a cost. READ MORE: Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell Claiming she had the agreement written into her Countdown contract, Anne said: "I told them I get paid £100 per wink. “I said, ‘It's going to cost you £100 a show’. "'We film five shows a day, so that's 15 shows a week, and an extra £1,500,'" she explained to the Daily Mail. Express.co.uk has gone to Channel 4 for comment. Speaking to the BBC back in 2011, Robinson explained that it was a “hard decision,” to leave the Weakest Link and that her time on the show had “been superb”. “I’ll miss it,” Robinson continued, adding: “If there's anything about longevity in television, it's about knowing what to take and what to turn down, and what to stop. “It's often about what not to do anymore. And I just simply haven't got time to do the book.” The show eventually returned in 2020 featuring Romesh Ranganathan as the host, who has made his stance on avoiding Robinson’s unique style of presenting clear. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other outlets, Ranganathan explained: “There are certain things that Anne did that were textbook her. DON'T MISS... Alec Baldwin offers support to Chris Rock after Will Smith slap [INSIGHT]'Get it off!' Ralf Little in hysterics as Will Mellor tells him off [ANALYSIS]Anne Hegerty dubbed 'Queen Anne' by co-stars after royal discovery [UPDATE] “So I made sure I didn’t do them. You want to do it in your own way," he added. After Anne joined the show last summer, Countdown star Rachel Riley explained that the show has a different feel. Rachel said: "It's true that Anne Robinson's arrival has given the show a slightly different vibe. "Admittedly, she doesn't mind giving the contestants a bit of a bruising." She went on: "Someone asked me if I'm going to stop being 'naughty' now that Anne's in charge. "Sorry, but this is me. What you see is what you get," she told Saga. Addressing reports of a feud with maths whizz, Anne told MailOnline: "Every time I'm astonished how she does that adding up and subtracting - just seconds, absolutely seconds, amazing." Anne later added: "I hope I'm always described as difficult, awkward, tricky, impatient, menopausal, any sort of pejorative, grumpy." When asked if she was "b****y", the host said: "Not particularly - hard to please."