The price for train fares grew by 3.8 percent more than a week ago, which represents the sharpest rise in nine years. The new fare prices cover about half of tickets and include season passes on most commuter routes. Despite criticism from unions, the Government defended its move, pointing out the increase was below the rate of inflation. Are you planning on purchasing a rail fare soon? Express.co.uk has explained what each option includes and which one will work best for your needs. As the name suggests, advance tickets are bought before your date of travel. They're single fares sold for both standard and first class seats, and are usually made available 12 weeks before departure. You can mix and match single fares for the cheapest possible return journey. READ MORE: Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000  However, you do need to be aware that advance train tickets aren't flexible. In other words, once you buy your advance fare, you’re usually tied to the exact trains and dates you booked. These are great if you don’t have a fixed routine and are available in four different types. This includes:  The other advantage of this fare type is they let you travel either on a specified date or multiple dates. Flexi season tickets are ideal for commuters who travel into work several times a week. Some of the benefits involved with them are: DON'T MISS: Taxpayers urged to 'take more notice' of 'forgotten allowance' [EXPLAINED]UK's list of 'probable nuclear targets' unearthed [INSIGHT]Britain to turn white as 4 inches of snow bomb to hit by next week [NEWS]  Another good option for commuters is a season ticket which allows unlimited travel between two given stations on a weekly, monthly or annual basis. Using a season ticket can save you over 1/3 compared to buying peak daily return tickets five days a week. Off-peak tickets are restricted to specific time slots, typically avoiding the heavier morning and evening commuting periods.  But they’re also a great option for passengers who can afford to be flexible with their travel. Those who love searching for a bargain will find these fares to be right up their street. If an off-peak ticket isn’t cheap enough, you can also take up the option of a super-off-peak fare. These are simply an even more restricted version of off-peak tickets, usually only made available at the quietest of times during the week. 