Pensioners will be reckoning with the latest announcement regarding inflation this morning. The latest figure comes after a rise of 6.2 percent in the 12 months to February 2022. This is up from 5.5 percent in January. The announcement could be bad news for pensioners who have already been impacted by the triple lock suspension. While inflation has come in at 6.2 percent, experts predict this will not be the end of rises to come. In fact, inflation is set to soar to above eight percent this year, with a drastic impact on people right across the country. The state pension has been confirmed as rising by 3.1 percent next month, after the earnings element of the triple lock was scrapped. It comes amid reports suggesting the state pension could rise by a staggering eight percent next year, given inflationary rises. READ MORE: State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock The state pension has been confirmed as rising by 3.1 percent next year, after the earnings element of the triple lock was scrapped. The Government took the inflation figure as recorded in September 2021 as their measure for the sum this year. But the increase provided next month could end up obsolete if inflation continues to soar - leaving pensioners with less purchasing power. Soaring inflation will have real-terms impacts on the amount of money older people have in their pocket. Inflation has a direct effect on the cost of living, which has already proved a struggle for many pensioners.  DON'T MISSState pension payment dates to change for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [UPDATE]Virgin Money offers 2.02% interest rate and £100 gift [INSIGHT]PIP payment dates will change next month - when will you be paid? [LATEST] As the measure continues to soar, many are worried about what the future may hold. Referencing the inflation news, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) said: "The rise in inflation to a 40-year high this year is expected to produce the biggest fall in living standards in any single financial year since ONS records began in 1956/57. Experts weighed in, and Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, stated: "Those on fixed incomes will have seen their purchasing power fall by 6.2 percent over the last 12 months which is particularly worrying for those just getting by. "For state pensioners, the 3.1 percent increase in April is exactly half current inflation, leaving them one step forward but two steps back, undoubtedly leaving many severely stretched. "It’s clear that lower income households and pensioners are disproportionately affected by inflation rates higher than seen for 30 years. That’s why it’s crucial that in future, as planned, inflation data is refined to show the effect on different household categories.” Becky O’Connor, Head of Pensions and Savings at interactive investor, remarked: “Lifestyle changes alone aren’t going to cut it when it comes to minimising the pain: going out has become more expensive, staying in has become more expensive, basic foods even in the value ranges, are pricier.  "Anyone on low, fixed incomes, such as pensioners, will be flung into poverty and debt struggles without further immediate help from the Government. They can expect some help – whether it is enough remains to be seen. “Older people may remember high inflation from previous times in the 1990s, ‘80s and ‘70s, but that doesn’t make it easier to cope. These are scary times and it is not an exaggeration to call it a survival struggle for many. "Those who can lock their money away up for the very long term to hopefully ride out this difficult time, stand the best chance of beating inflation over time. This includes workers who are paying into their workplace or personal pensions. “The difficulty for those living off private pension savings is how to make that pot last when you might need to take more income from it to cover living costs and when the value of your pot could be down. This ‘double depletion’ effect on pensions and how to overcome it will be preoccupying the thoughts of those in drawdown.” Indeed, Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life, added: “While the Government has restated their commitment to the state pension triple lock, any rise reflecting the current high inflation will only take effect from April 2023, which offers little in the way of comfort for those pensioners struggling to make ends meet today.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As highlighted, there will be stark impacts for savers, who could be losing the value of their money. Interest rate rises are not being passed on to savers by many major banks, meaning money is languishing in low earning accounts, with inflation eating away at its value. Colin Dyer, Client Director at abrdn, said: “With inflation soaring to 6.2 percent in February, the Chancellor is now under greater pressure to respond to the cost of living crisis when he delivers his Spring Statement later today. “The Bank of England is suggesting inflation increases could hit double digit figures later this year, and despite raising interest rates last week, the global nature of the issues causing it means this response is likely to only have a marginal effect on households. “Unless the Chancellor has a silver bullet in the works, many will need to cut back on spending to get by, particularly those relying on their savings like retirees.” Mr Dyer stated those who are comfortable with a degree of risk should consider the idea of other options for savings, such as investment. But Britons should be aware investment is not guaranteed, and they could get less back than they originally put in. A DWP spokesperson acknowledged the “pressures” people are facing with the cost of living. They added: “This is why we’re providing support worth £21 billion this financial year and next to help. This includes supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills through our Winter Fuel Payments, freezing fuel duties to keep costs down and helping households through our £9.1 billion Energy Bills Rebate.”