It is no secret that Arsenal are finally heading in the right direction under young boss Mikel Arteta, with the former Gunners midfield talisman on the verge of a lucrative new contract following a sustained spell of success. Yet in the upper reaches of the Emirates boardroom, a plan is being mapped out for a comprehensive return to the big time. At the present time of writing, Arsenal sit in fourth place in the Premier League table, with three games in hand on leaders Manchester City. Their closest rivals, Chelsea, are just five points ahead having played one game more. A period of dogged consistency has seen Arsenal, under Arteta's stewardship, become a stable force at the business end of the league table and now Champions League qualification is finally being eyed up once again - this time with a heavy dose of realism and expectancy. There is a widespread belief within the Emirates dressing room that the Gunners can hold down fourth place this season and keep an erratic Manchester United side at bay. The two teams will soon meet at the Emirates, when Ralf Rangnick's men come calling on April 23. That fixture could yet be pivotal in deciding who takes the honour of a place in European football's pinnacle competition next season. Internally at Arsenal, however, foundations are already being laid and money is being placed on the table to ensure certain key squad members are up to the task. As recently reported, Arsenal players have had mouth-watering incentives placed within their contracts to ensure Champions League football is once again obtained, following several years in the wilderness. Arsenal sit in fourth, a point ahead of the United with three games in hand over Rangnick’s men while Tottenham trail by three points but have played a match more than their north London rivals. Many stars have clauses that mean that they are entitled to a near £500,000 lump sum each by qualifying for the Champions League, adding extra focus and determination to the mission of putting Arsenal firmly back on football's world map. Doing so will also see their weekly wages balloon while being in the European competition would be a huge financial help to the Premier League giants.  With Champions League qualification comes a lump pay-out estimated to be in the region of £50million, along with the added royalties of broadcast fees. Further pay-outs soon follow in the competition as teams progress throughout the various rounds, meaning the Gunners could be in for quite the windfall. But what does this mean for the blueprint itself? In fashioning this model Arsenal have essentially created a healthy environment whereby top stars are playing with added motivation to catapult the club back into the top tier while also hypothetically ensuring further funds for future transfer deals. A Champions League windfall would naturally be invested into the transfer business of the club, which Arteta is understood to have requested in the small print of any potential new contract. In January, the Gunners agonizingly missed out on a big-money deal for Serbian striker Dusan Vlahovic, with the prolific youngster opting to snub the Emirates in favour of Juventus. Recent reports have stated that this has had huge bearing on Arsenal's determination to break back into Champions League football, to ensure future targets are not missed out on as a result of the club's wayward fall from grace over the past decade. A shortlist of targets has already been drawn up by Arteta, who is expected to delve into the summer transfer market to recruit a permanent successor to the recently departed Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The future of current captain Alexandre Lacazette also remains unclear, though with the prior planning at the Emirates looking more meticulous than ever before, fans can hold a new measure of reassurance that all matters will be taken care of. What now remains is ensuring a top-four finish is nailed down. Should this occur, the money is set to splash - in multiple directions.