Barcelona boss Xavi believes Manchester United star Jadon Sancho is one of the best wingers in world football. The 21-year-old endured a slow start to life at Old Trafford, however his recent resurgence has seen him prove Xavi's claim to be coming true.  Much was expected of the England attacker when he arrived in Manchester in a £73million deal from Borussia Dortmund last summer. Sancho enjoyed four stellar seasons with the German Bundesliga side having immediately made his mark following a 2017 transfer from United's bitter rivals Manchester City. The enormous expectation placed upon Sancho's young shoulders appeared to be too much in his first few months at the club, however, the winger has begun to justify his worth in recent weeks. Within his last six Premier League outings, Sancho has netted twice and registered three assists, in addition to cutting a far more confident figure overall. It appears that Barcelona manager Xavi knew all along Sancho would come good judging by his comments from back in 2020. The Spaniard - then manager of Al-Sadd - put the England forward in the same bracket as Paris Saint-Germain superstar Neymar as one of the best wingers in the world as he revealed his Barcelona transfer wish-list. JUST IN: Man Utd could abandon interviews to 'speed up' as Erik ten Hag plan...  When probed by Catalan newspaper La Vanguarida over who he would sign if he were Barcelona boss, Xavi admitted: "I would sign wingers, players similar to Neymar. I don't know if he would fit in (because of off-the-field issues) but in a football sense I know he would be a great signing. "Barcelona have players who can play inside they need wingers like the ones Bayern have. They don't need many: Jadon Sancho, Serge Gnabry." The comments are high praise indeed and act as further proof of how revered the 21-year-old is around Europe. Xavi isn't the only one to pile the plaudits on Sancho either, with Ralf Rangnick recently expressing his delight at seeing United's summer signing approaching his best form. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  Rangnick declared: “They paid quite a few pounds for him in order to lure him away from Borussia Dortmund and if you pay that amount of money in a transfer fee for a player he should perform on this kind of level. At the end, they are all human beings. "The mere fact he cost a lot of money does not mean that he is playing at that level to start with. He told me that of course it was a problem for him to get adjusted to the intensity of the league, to the physicality of the league. “Now he has managed to do that. I’m happy to see him play at that kind of level right now.” 