Appearing on Fox News to promote his new show Uncensored, Piers Morgan ranted about those who want to "suppress everyone's right to an opinion". He claimed everyone is "fed up" and argued free speech needs to mean "free speech". It comes after his new programme, which is set to celebrate "freedom of expression" was confirmed recently. The 57-year-old told Fox News: "We're fed up with this small, vocal, permanently angry humourless, horrible group of people. "This woke brigade - and by woke, I don't mean the original interpretation of it, which meant just to be more aware of social and racial injustice. "I mean this new creation of the woke cancel culture, which is somebody that believes not just that their opinion is the only one that can be tolerated, but that anyone who deviates one iota from that opinion has to be destroyed, shamed, abused and then cancelled. "Have their job taken away from them, have their livelihood wrecked - simply for having a different opinion." READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security  He argued animatedly: "So, I think the world's become a small place. I think in terms of debate, we're all having these same arguments around the world now. "And I think the vast majority of people, whether it's in America, the UK, Australia or other countries - the vast majority agree with me, and I suspect with the panel here, that this pendulum has gone way too far. "And that free speech has got to mean what free speech means." He went on to explain: "And that doesn't just mean that you tolerate opinions you agree with, it actually means the opposite. "As [Winston] Churchill said, it means listening to opinions you vehemently disagree with, but you tolerate and you respect." "Are you going to allow him to drop Churchill quotes on an American television show, Greg?" asked one of the panellists as Piers laughed. "I'm disgusted by it, I'm going to get up and slap him," Greg Gutfeld responded. "If you do I'm going to walk off," Piers joked, referencing his sensational Good Morning Britain walk-off. DON'T MISS... Kate Garraway's Caring for Derek misses out on BAFTA nomination [LATEST]Whoopi Goldberg slaps down race focus after Will Smith slap [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Lola Pearce discovers she's pregnant? [THEORY] Elaborating on what can be expected from his upcoming show, Piers told the panel: "It will be my take on the day's news, very much like this show. "But I want to have people from all sides of the political divide. "I want to get back to what it used to be like, where you could have a tear-up argument with a good friend about some issue in the news and afterwards go and have a beer together." Piers announced earlier this month he'd be appearing on the forthcoming TV channel TalkTV. Piers will front Uncensored, which is set to air weeknights on TalkTV in the UK, FOX Nation in the US and Sky News Australia. In a statement Piers shared recently, he said: "I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun." "I also want it to annoy all the right people," he concluded. TalkTV will launch in the UK on Sky, Virgin Media, Freeview and Freesat as well as via connected TV services and smart devices. Piers Morgan Uncensored will premiere Monday, April 25 on Talk TV.