 UK GDP is now back within 0.1 percent of pre-pandemic levels as the economy mounted a strong bounce back from Covid last year. The Office for National Statistics now estimate the economy expanded by 1.3 percent in the final quarter of 2021, ahead of previous predictions of a one percent increase. Danni Hewson, AJ Bell financial analyst, said: “UK PLC has been working hard to claw its way back from the Covid cliff top and for the first time in decade British businesses were earning more cash abroad than foreign businesses were earning in the UK - and with so much disruption to supply chains it’s interesting to note that the trade deficit has narrowed. 2021 was the year Britain dusted itself off but inflation is expected to act like boggy ground slowing momentum and 2022 will be very different indeed.”   While the UK faces big challenges from rising inflation, so far price rises seem to not yet be significantly dented spending. Household spending increased by 1.9 percent in the final months of 2021- despite rising inflation already being well underway. The proportion of money households are putting into savings has fallen slightly. This is a possible sign consumers are using pandemic savings to help pay for the rising cost of living. Paul Dales, Chief UK Economist at Capital Economics, noted: “It is encouraging that households appear willing to reduce their saving rate in order to carry on spending. “This is the main reason why, although GDP growth will slow this year, a recession will probably be avoided.” The situation has been far more mixed in the Eurozone where fears of a recession in Germany have been set running following a warning from the country’s central bank.   While the UK saw better than expected growth in 2021’s final quarter, the German economy shrank with fears soaring energy costs, a winter spike in Covid and supply chain issues could see further declines in growth this year. The Bundesbank predicted: "Overall economic output could again sink noticeably in the first quarter of 2022." Italy, which is also heavily exposed to Russian energy, has seen growth forecasts slashed as well with JP Morgan reducing estimates by nearly half. While the European Central Bank has played down the risks of a recession, speaking this week President Christine Lagarde admitted the Eurozone was "entering a difficult phase". The situation could be further forced though by a major decline or even block in energy imports from Russia.   The bloc is currently in a standoff with Putin over demands to pay in rubles while the US has put pressure for a complete embargo on Russian exports. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz warned a ban on Russian energy "would mean plunging our country and the whole of Europe into a recession". While the UK has entered 2022 with a strong recovery, it also shares in significant challenges ahead. Susannah Streeter, senior investment and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, warned the GDP figures “came before the full impact of Omicron hit and well before commodity chaos was unleashed by the invasion of Ukraine". Ms Streeter said: “On the face of it, it could be viewed as a snapshot that the economy was in slightly better shape to withstand the impact of a fresh round of pummelling."  DON'T MISS: National Grid criticised over major sale to 'vampire kangaroo' [REVEAL] Gas prices spike as Russia demands ruble payments [SPOTLIGHT] German inflation reaches 40 year high [ANALYSIS]    A particular concern is how long consumers will continue to sustain higher spending through dipping into savings as the cost of living soars. With April seeing a rise in energy bills, tax and national insurance and widespread increases in goods prices as businesses pass on costs, concern has grown that spending could start to fall, something already suggested in falling consumer confidence, according to survey data. Such concerns have caused some to point to a bleaker outlook for the UK economy this year. Analysts at Pantheon Macroeconomics noted that, according to Bloomberg, the consultancy was the only UK forecaster to predict a drop in GDP in the second quarter of 2022. Samuel Tombs, chief UK economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, warned that, as a result of falling consumer confidence, “no one should rule out a decline in households’ real expenditure this year that could drag the overall economy into a recession.” 