Warning: This story contains major spoilers for Spider-Man: No Way Home The events of Spider-Man: No Way Home took everything away from Peter Parker. He lost his entire world and everyone he ever knew or cared about became a stranger to him. It’s tragic really, as the teen genius is left completely alone in the world. That is at least, what we are led to believe, as one fan has pointed out that non-other than the Sorcerer Supreme himself can remember that Peter is Spidey. It’s a theory that might help fans understand Spider-Man 4 and even add clues to the plot of Doctor Strange 2. The new theory was shared on Reddit by user Firefalcon69 who proposed the idea that Wong, not Stephen Strange, could still remember that Peter was Spidey. They wrote: “The last thing Wong says to Strange before he casts the original 'forget Peter Parker is Spider-man spell' is 'Leave me out of this'. We know that Dr Strange is susceptible to verbal interference/suggestion of his spells and he could have left Wong out of it when he finally cast it successfully, leaving Wong being the only one who knows Peter Parker is Spiderman.” (sic) It certainly is possible, as when Strange was casting the world-changing spell, he was able to adapt it several times due to Peter’s incessant requests for alterations. READ MORE: Ant-Man's Paul Rudd 'got his kit out' to co-star in prank gone wrong It was revealed in No Way Home that Wong is now the Sorcerer Supreme because Strange disappeared in the snap which occurred at the end of Avengers Infinity War. The result was the need for a new wizard to take up the mantle and everybody’s favourite acerbic mage was the logical choice. In fact, Benedict Wong certainly knows his importance to the MCU, especially after confirming his place in phase four in a new interview. During an interview with Empire Magazine, the actor joked: “I call it Phase Wong. It’s a nice, interesting shift. Wong has taken on a new role, and that dynamic changes between them [Wong and Strange] both.”  He certainly has justification for his, as Wong has appeared in Avengers: Infinity War, Avengers: Endgame, Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, What If…?, Spider-Man: No Way Home, and the upcoming Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. It is already known that in Doctor Strange 2, the titular hero will be dealing with the consequences of opening the multiverse in No Way Home. Therefore, if Wong does remember Peter is Spider-Man, he will be uniquely placed to help the wizard. After all, Strange might not understand why the walls of reality are crumbling around him now that his mind has been erased of all memory from NWH’s finale. But how would it impact Spider-Man 4? DON'T MISS...Doctor Strange 2 fans enraged he ‘has to learn from a kid’ [INSIGHT]Harry Potter star challenges Marvel over playing X-Men hero [EXPLAINER]Morbius: Jared Leto drops major Tom Holland Spider-Man crossover hi... [INSIGHT] The fourth instalment in Tom Holland’s Spider-saga has not been officially confirmed, but as NWH grossed $1.8 billion, it’s safe to say it won’t be long until he comes swinging back into cinemas. For the first time, he won’t have anyone to turn to, as the Avengers, MJ, Happy and everyone else has forgotten who Peter is. Perhaps, in a moment of desperation, Wong will come to his aid when he sees the beloved wallcrawler struggling alone. They are both in New York after all, so there is a strong chance they could bump into each other on the bus or something. The love for Wong is strong among the Marvel community, so much so that there have been calls for a Disney Plus series focusing on the character. If this fan’s theory is correct, he would be set up to be one of the most important figures in the ever-expanding Marvel Cinematic Universe. Either way, Wong is certainly a force to be reckoned with. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness will premiere on May 5 in the UK Spider-Man: No Way Home is available to buy on digital now