Mercedes will have one eye over their shoulders for the next few days as rival teams begin inspecting their radical sidepod design on the W13 while Ross Brawn has already predicted "problems" for the Silver Arrows. But the defending Constructors' champions could well look back on Brawn's own experience to help them out if protests are made. When pre-season testing in Bahrain began on Thursday, Mercedes were the talk of the paddock as Hamilton exited the garage. The most notable change to the W13 is the apparent lack of any sidepods on their car with cooling equipment instead featuring a double series of vents. Every team is coming up with their own solution on the sidepods as they look to minimise drag and improve airflow throughout the car. Mercedes' design appears to have achieved the best of both worlds with rival teams said to be extremely concerned about the performance of the W13 in the simulator. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's complaints about new Mercedes car as Red Bull fume  Hamilton and George Russell both took to the track on Thursday, but different programmes were run as all teams appeared to be holding something back. How much Mercedes' sidepod design affects their on-track performance may not be clear until the Bahrain Grand Prix. But Brawn has already admitted that Mercedes may well expect to see protests from their rivals in the very near future. “When teams come up with extreme concepts we shouldn’t penalise it straight way but the FIA will look at everything," Brawn told Sky Sports. DON'T MISS  “A team could come in with a perspective that the FIA did not note and that will then be looked at. “I’ve experienced that problem many times where the FIA thinks something is okay and a team comes in with an argument that has never been considered." That "experience" Brawn spoke about most likely comes from the 2009 F1 season where he formed Brawn GP as a result of the management buyout of Honda. That season saw new regulations brought in as teams soon began battling over how best to utilise the rear diffuser. Brawn were one of three teams to introduce the now infamous 'double diffuser' which saw them leap ahead of rival teams. All seven teams which didn't opt for the unique design ended up protesting the double diffuser at the Australian Grand Prix. Not only did they want the FIA to ban the design, but to also reverse the result of the race in Melbourne. The FIA ended up siding with Brawn, Williams and Toyota with every other team forced to fast-track their own double-diffuser concept cars. It's not yet clear whether teams will protest Mercedes' bold sidepod design, but Brawn seemingly expects lobbies to be made. But history suggests that, as long as Mercedes have the all-clear from the FIA, every other team may well need to follow in the same footsteps.