Ukraine MP Kira Rudik is one of many Ukrainians asking for military help from Western countries despite NATO allies warning claim World War 3 is likely to start should they engage Russian forces. Russia invaded Ukraine on Vladimir Putin's orders to occupy and take over the country. And she warned attempts to de-escalate the situation will be hindered by Putin not caring about becoming a "war criminal" in his bid to take over Ukraine. Ms Rudik told the BBC: "We do understand that, but otherwise the risks are that our NATO allies will at some point have a Russian control huge country in the centre of Europe. "Is that the positive outcome? I don't think so. "We Ukrainians are ready to fight and we are fighting as hard as possible, but we all need to understand that Putin does not obey any rules. "He does not obey any agreements, and he's ok with being a war criminal, he's ok with seizing the cities and starving people. And creating humanitarian catastrophes. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Ms Rudik added: "And so the question would be for the world, either the world watches it and says ok, we'll think of what we can do or the world takes action. "Because what is happening right now is really, really disturbing and it's really getting more and more complicated. "For everybody here, even for people who like myself, decided that we wouldn't leave our cities." NATO has been pressured to deploy troops to impose a no-fly zone in Ukraine by Ukrainian citizens. READ MORE: BBC's Ros Atkins exposes crucial reason Putin holding back on pressing nuclear button But British military experts have warned that, if the UK deployed troops to shoot down Russian military planes, it would cause world war three. The UK would effectively be at war with Russia, and Western politicians have been trying to avoid a conflict by de-escalating the current crisis with Ukraine and Russia. Sir Richard Barrons added: "But if you think back to Bosnia in the 1990s, it wasn't the governments that decided something had to be done, it was public opinion asserting they couldn't put up with this on their television screens every night. "This is going to be a really tough test. "But the choice we're going to have to face if Russia doesn't hold back is we can either watch the slaughter of tens of thousands of Ukrainian citizens or we're going to have to find ways to do something about it that are more urgent and decisive than sanctions. "I think this pressure will come, this debate will occur this week if the Russian army unleashes its firepower on the civilian population." 