Fancy some AirPods-style earbuds without paying Apple prices? Nokia may have the answer thanks to the launch of some new music makers that start from just £39.99. Yes, you did read that price correctly, Nokia's latest Comfort Earbuds have just gone on sale and cost almost £100 less than Apple's entry-level AirPods. So, what do you get for that very low price? Well, the famous Finnish phone firm, which is now owned by HMD Global, is promising solid sound, a comfy fit and a whopping nine hours of playtime before they need a charge - that's impressive as Apple's AirPods only last for around five hours before needing to be tucked inside their case. The Comfort Earbuds are available from today but if you fancy something that sounds even better, Nokia is also releasing a slightly more expensive product called the Nokia Clarity Earbuds. The £69.99 audio gadgets come packed with noise-cancelling from technology firm Qualcomm that blocks out some of the background sound around you. This should mean owners get a more immersive experience as they'll only hear their music and not the din of daily life. There are also large 10mm neodymium drivers to help boost those playlists and dual microphones should make it easier for contacts to hear what's being said during phone calls. The Nokia Clarity Earbuds are also on sale now and that £69.99 price is pretty good value considering they include noise cancellation. Even with a current discount from Amazon, Apple's AirPods Pro - which also included this technology - will set you back over £170. Speaking about the release, Alex Lambeek, Global Head of Accessories, HMD Global: “We saw that people across the world want more true wireless accessories and responded – our new lifestyle audio portfolio ensures there’s something for everyone. "With price becoming an increasingly important consideration for audio shoppers, we made sure to keep Nokia companion products accessible to everyone whilst maintaining the Finnish quality that is in the DNA of each of our products. Our accessories are inspired by nature and packaged in paper and soy-based ink to protect it.” If Nokia's earbuds haven't convinced you then it's worth checking out Aldi's website right now. The budget supermarket chain is currently selling Apple's AirPods for just £99 - that's one of the lowest ever prices.