Manchester City legend Sergio Aguero claims the Premier League title will NOT be decided when his former side host Liverpool next month. City and Liverpool go head-to-head on April 10 at the Etihad. It has been dubbed by many pundits as a potential title decider. City currently sit top of the table, just a point clear of Liverpool in second. Each team will still have seven games of the league campaign remaining after the much-awaited clash. And Aguero says whoever wins the game won't necessarily come out on top in May. Aguero told Stake.com: "Every time that Manchester City and Liverpool have played against each other in the last few seasons, they have had a huge amount of importance and are crucial for the title race. We're talking about two teams that have dominated the Premier League landscape lately. READ MORE: Arsenal legend Ian Wright names perfect striker for Mikel Arteta to sign  "They're both consistent, and that keeps it very tight at the top of the table. The match at City will be key in the title race, but it’s important to remember that there are still more games ahead and anything can happen. "A result for either team will be really favourable, but don't ensure it’s a decider – anything can happen in the Premier League. A team that is seemingly weaker can turn the tables on the biggest clubs at any time, that's the nature of the Premier League and why it's such an appealing competition all over the world. "The title is only settled on the last few games of a season." City drew their last league outing away at Crystal Palace. But Aguero is not concerned and has backed them to be fighting for the remainder of the season. He added: "I don't think that City’s form has been going down. DON'T MISSRudiger makes decision on staying at Chelsea amid Juventus 'agreement' update [REPORT]Arsenal icon Ian Wright claims Tottenham have made two transfer mistakes [QUOTES]Gary Neville goes against Man Utd fans as he urges Glazers not to appoint Erik ten Hag [SOCIAL]  "You can lose points because of some minor things, but City are having a terrific season. Their defence is hard to break through and they are always trying to score and have racked up plenty of wins. "Their rivals are always going to be right with them too, and many added strong additions in the January transfer window which has helped them play a lot better. I think this City team is committed and fighting on every front." Before the Liverpool clash, City visit struggling Burnley on April 2. The Reds are at home to Watford earlier on the same day.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here