 The Wanted’s Tom Parker has died from brain cancer at the age of 33, his wife Kelsey Hardwick has confirmed. The late star’s bandmate Siva Kaneswaran has now paid tribute to Tom in an emotional Instagram post.     In view of his 251,000 Instagram followers Siva wrote: “Hey Tom, hope you’re having a blast up there. “I am so grateful that I had a chance to witness your true courage. “It has been a pleasure of my life Tommy Boy. Thank you for letting us see you light up the world. “Talk to you soon and see you later. Love you brother x.” READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet       Tom and Siva sang together in famous boyband The Wanted alongside other members Max George, Jay McGuinness and Nathan Sykes. The star told fans in 2020 that he had been diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. His wife Kelsey broke the news of his death in view of her 81,700 Instagram followers today. She wrote: “It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side.      “Our hearts are broken. Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. “We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children.” “Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. “He fought until the very end,” she concluded. READ MORE... Paul Herman dead: Goodfellas and Sopranos actor dies at 76 [LATEST] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] Salma Hayek angers fans by supporting Will Smith after Oscars slap [NEWS]     Tom was diagnosed with a terminal brain tumour in 2020 and given just 18 months to live. Just last week, the singer announced he had penned a tear-jerking book about his cancer battle. Tom endured gruelling chemotherapy and a total of 30 radiotherapy sessions. He married wife Kelsey back in 2018, two years before he was diagnosed with incurable cancer.       The pair welcomed daughter Aurelia Rose in 2019 and a son, Bodhi, in October of last year. Tom’s bandmates put out a statement saying they were at his side along with his family when he died. On the official The Wanted Instagram account they wrote: “Max, Jay, Siva, Nathan and the whole Wanted family are devastated by the tragic and premature loss of our bandmate Tom Parker, who passed away peacefully at lunchtime today surrounded by his family and his band mates. “Tom was an amazing husband to Kelsey, and father to Aurelia and Bodhi. He was our brother, words can’t express the loss and sadness we feel. Always and forever in our hearts. Tom Parker 1988-2022.”  