Manchester United's young star has already been likened to Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi, as the Red Devils have a hybrid of both icons ready and waiting in their ranks. Ralf Rangnick's side may be stuggling now, but the future is bright. Manchester United may be stuck in a rut right now, but their future looks bright with one of their academy stars flourishing.The Red Devils are now out of all cup competitions, and they'll be lucky to be in next season's Champions League, as they chase fourth spot. But they have a tough rivalry ahead as Arsenal and Tottenham are also battling for the same position, with both London sides having a game advantage over United.But the future looks promising at United as a large period of change is expected at the club, as one of their youngsters is starting to attract a lot of attention. So much so, that he's been likened to Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo already, at the age of 17. READ MORE: Calvert-Lewin sends message to Mikel Arteta as Arsenal hunt summer transfer Alejandro Garnacho has been firing in the goals for United's youth side, and the 17-year-old is already mixing in with their reserves. The youngster, that was born in Spain, was a surprise inclusion in Argentina's senior squad this week ahead of their upcoming internationals.Despite not yet making his full United debut, Garnacho has been selected for Argentina as they look to repeat a trick they did with Messi when he was at a similar age. The South American side called up Messi as soon as possible to prevent him from opting for Spain and they've repeated that tactic with the talented United star.What makes Garnacho's inclusion even more impressive is that he is younger than Messi was when he got his call-up. The now seven-time Ballon d'Or winner was selected at the age of 18, whereas the United prodigy has been given the call before becoming an adult. DON'T MISSKlopp's 'proud' message to Rashford as Liverpool 'eye' move for Man Utd star [GOSSIP]Ian Wright in foul-mouthed Marcus Rashford rant after Man Utd star's statement [SOCIAL]Alan Shearer and six other pundits left humiliated as Chelsea predictions emerge [QUOTES] His fate is yet to be secured, but Spanish publication SPORT are clearly impressed by Garnacho, as they have claimed that the United youngster was one of the 'most outstanding strikers' of Atletico Madrid’s academy. United paid around £400k in compensation after signing the player back in 2020, but they see him more as an attacking midfielder.Garnacho has since signed a professional contract at Old Trafford and it’s now expected he’ll take the 'dream' Argentina offer as the report detailed: "Now he will fulfil another [dream]: wear the Argentine shirt, that of his mother’s country and train alongside Lionel Messi and the champions of South America."The youngster may be drawing comparisons to Messi, but he is expected to break into the United team just as Ronaldo once did. And it's rather fitting that it will be exactly 20 years later that Garnacho could make his debut at the age of 18, just as the Portuguese star did in 2003. Garnacho also plays out-wide for United, as well as sometimes playing centrally, and the 17-year-old has even been spotted mimicking Ronaldo's celebration in the academy. Very much like Ronaldo, his pace and skill worries defenders, and he's expected to add physicality to his game too.The 17-year-old has helped fire the United Under-18 side to the FA Youth Cup final after starring against Wolves and he scored a screamer to send them on their way. Garnacho now has 15 goals in all competitions for their Under-18s this season.And even former United players are excited by his progress. One of those is ex-United player Febian Brandy, who told MUTV: "He’s a full-back’s nightmare. He can go either side, cut inside. He makes it difficult for defenders all game. He is a great talent with a very bright future." For now though, Garnacho will be focusing on Argentina before he returns to United in April. The 17-year-old is one of five teenagers to be called up for their World Cup qualifiers against Venezuela and Ecuador, alongside a tonne of experience.Manager Lionel Scaloni has also included PSG trio Messi, Angel Di Maria and Leandro Paredes, in what must feel like a dream come true for Garnacho. Manchester City forward Julian Alvarez, West Ham's Manuel Lanzini and Brighton's Alexis Mac Allister have also been named in the 33-man squad.Garnacho could make his debut on March 25, as Argentina host Venezuela before travelling to Ecuador. Argentina currently sit second in the South American qualifying table, four points behind leaders Brazil.