Strictly Come Dancing pro Nikita Kuzmin announced he has reunited with his grandmother after she crossed the Polish-Ukrainian border. Nikita took to his Instagram account, where he enjoys a following of 120,000, to announce the good news last night. He shared a carousel including various pictures and a video of his journey to Poland, where his “brave” grandmother was waiting for him. The first snap, a selfie, showed Nikita smiling next to his grandmother, whose face was covered with a sticker that read “I love you”. A clip showed the scenes at the Krakow train station while he waited for his grandmother. Other snaps depicted his car journey to Krakow, including a screenshot of his Sat Nav screen as he got closer to his destination. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital In a lengthy caption, Nikita praised his “brave” and ”strong” grandmother as he described the gruelling journey she made until she reached Poland. However, he also pointed out that other members of his family were still in Kiev, where many Ukrainians are still “doing their absolute best to stay strong". The dancer penned: “REUNITED. Picked up my grandma from Poland! She is so incredibly brave & strong, 2 nights without sleeping, walking 8km+ in the freezing cold, when on a normal day, she can barely walk! “She traveled from Kiev, my mom flew from Rome and i drove from Frankfurt and we all reunited in Krakow! Just so happy to be together.” (sic) He continued: “unfortunately still have my aunt, grandma and grandpa in Kiev. “When I was waiting for my mom and grandma at the train station, i’ve been immersed in this situation for the first time in real life. “Although I know I should have been happy for my family, I couldn’t. Just had tears on my eyes, because of how sad the situation is. “How many thousands of kids and women doing their absolute best to stay strong. DON'T MISS‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Rod Stewart, 77, forced to fix nightmare potholes near his home [LATEST]Robbie Williams says he and wife have nowhere to live [NEWS] “I’ve seen people arriving from the border, people waiting for the next train to go somewhere, anywhere in hope that somehow things would be ok, people not knowing what to do, since all what they have known as home, it’s not there anymore (sic)". Lastly, Nikita urged other people to “help in any way possible” and “just do something” as many continue to suffer the effects of the war. He said: “There are still millions without water and food, not able to escape the city because of continuous bombing. “Not sure if they are going to make it to see their kids and families again. ITS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW. “This is nowhere near to be over and the best thing that you can do is help anyhow, just DO SOMETHING. (sic)" Nikita was soon inundated with comments from friends and fans sending him their support. His Strictly partner Tilly Ramsay's sister, Holly, said: “Sending lots of love.” Great British Bake Off and fellow Strictly star John Whaite added: “This is heartwarming and breaking at the same time. Praying for your family and all of Ukraine.”