Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge arrived back in the UK this weekend after an 8-day royal tour of the Caribbean. The couple visited Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas in celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  Reporting on Sky News Australia, royal correspondent Rhiannon Mills discusses some "striking" comments made by Prince William in relation to the Commonwealth. Ms Mills said: "It is striking to hear Prince William acknowledge, so clearly, that he believes that one day it may not just be Commonwealth realms cutting ties with the Royal Family, but also the wider Commonwealth. "That is when you think just how important that body of nations has been throughout his Grandmother's reign." Speaking in regards to the Duke and Duchess representing the Queen on this royal tour, Ms Mills also added that this "makes it even more than likely that his words have been endorsed, in some way, from the top". Queen Elizabeth II acceded to the throne in 1952 following the death of her father, George VI, and has ruled for longer than any other Monarch in British history. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William holds 'emergency crisis talks' after being rocked by backlash At the time of her accession, the Commonwealth was a body of eight states, including Canada, Australia, India, and Pakistan. There are still fourteen Commonwealth realms where the Monarch retains a ceremonial role as head of state. More states may follow the example of Barbados, which became a republic in 2021. Most recently it has been noted that the Queen's position as head of state in Jamaica is at risk as the Caribbean nation plans to become a republic before the year is over. The Queen could soon be removed as the Head of State of Jamaica as local politicians plan to push ahead with turning the country into a republic as early as this August. This year, the month of August also marks 60 years of independence for Jamaica. READ MORE: Harry and William's feud 'will not heal' as Duke of Sussex warned against digs at Kate The Prime Minister of Jamaica, Andrew Holness spoke in December and said that there was “no question that Jamaica has to become a republic”. Speculation swept through the island nations, with many wanting to follow in Barbados’ footsteps and end their association with Britain as a colonial power. The royal tour, represented by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, was the first major overseas trip since before the Covid pandemic began. The trip, although largely an environmentally themed one for the couple, takes place at a crucial time for the monarchy as several nations within the Commonwealth have considered cutting ties with the British monarchy. In November, Her Majesty was formally removed as head of state in Barbados and Prince Charles was in attendance at the handover ceremony as guest of honour. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] Due to ongoing health problems, the Queen has been forced to miss out on recent royal duties This year's annual Commonwealth Day Service, which took earlier this month, was one of them. In lieu of her absence, her son and heir Prince Charles lead a small congregation of royals at the yearly event. Speaking in Vox’s 2021 documentary ‘Royalty, Explained’, Carolyn Cooper, Jamaican author, and media personality called on Jamaica to follow Barbados’ lead and remove the Queen as head of state. She added: “It’s time to get rid of the Queen as head of state”.