Leading charity Age UK estimates that while there are millions of pensioner carers in the UK, almost 400,000 are over the age of 80. Yet, state pension age carers cannot claim the full amount of Carer’s Allowance and state pension at the same time.  One carer who looks after her husband told Age UK: “I want to care for him as long as I can but I don’t know how much longer I can do it.” “My friends say to me, ‘You look terrible, you can’t do it anymore. It’s making you ill.’ It’s not easy.” Age UK shared a strong message on their YouTube channel saying: “The social care system is in crisis. Carers and their families are doing the best they can. But they need help.” There is no upper age limit for Carer’s Allowance, but this benefit is known as an overlapping benefit with state pension.   Carer’s Allowance currently offers £67.60 per week, and if one’s state pension payments is less than this they can receive the difference in Carer’s Allowance payments. Carers UK explained that if a person receives £50 per week from their state pension ,they can get £17.60 per week from Carer’s Allowance. However, if their state pension amount is more than Carer’s Allowance they will not receive any Carer’s Allowance. Britons are still urged to apply for Carer’s Allowance as successfully claiming this will grant them underlying entitlement.    /finance/personalfinance/1585490/dragons-den-success-story-look-after-my-bills  This could potentially give them access to other assistance available to those on Carer’s Allowance even though they do not directly receive the benefit. Alongside financial assistance through benefits like Carer’s Allowance and Carers Credit, carers can apply for a range of other benefits due to their unpaid work, such as:  To be eligible for Carer’s Allowance one must be providing certain types of care such as helping with washing or cooking, taking the patient to doctor’s appointments and assisting with general household tasks like shopping. The person being cared for must be receiving one of the eligible benefits:  Eligible carers must also be over the age of 16, studying less than 21 hours per work or not in full-time education at all and be living normally in England, Scotland or Wales. They must be caring for someone with certain benefits for at least 35 hours per week although this person does not have to be a relative or live in the same residential area as the carer. Carer’s Allowance payments will be increasing next month to £69.70 per week, giving carers an additional £109.20 per year. Department for Work and Pension benefits and payments such as the state pension will be increasing by 3.1 percent in April to help recipients keep up with inflation.