This includes a property worth over £1million, a home with huge renovation potential and a home costing the average property price in the region. Cheltenham became known as a health and holiday spa town resort following the discovery of mineral springs in 1716, and claims to be the most complete Regency town in Britain. Famous for its racecourse, Cheltenham is the home of jump racing and hosts the Cheltenham Festival and Gold Cup every March, which sees the town packed with race goers. Known for being the most complete Regency town in the UK, Cheltenham offers house hunters an array of stunning properties to live in – from original Georgian townhouses to modern apartments in converted buildings, boasting beautiful period features. Racing enthusiasts from all over the world flock to The Cheltenham Festival every March for the most prestigious event in the jump racing calendar. From the lush Pittville Park, which is home to a boating lake, cafés, adventure playgrounds and the magnificent Pitville Pump Room, to Sandford Park with its ornamental fountain and the colourful, flower-filled Imperial Gardens, Cheltenham has plenty of parks to explore. For anyone looking to escape the hustle and bustle of town, Lineover Wood offers a chance to get into the forest and discover a glade of ancient beech trees; Cleeve Hill offers stunning views from the highest point in the Cotswolds; while on Leckhampton Hill, explorers can find the Devil’s Chimney – an unusual limestone rock formation with unknown origins. For commuters, Cheltenham’s close proximity to the M5 provides road links to Bristol and Birmingham, while the A40 connects the town to Oxford. Cheltenham Spa station also offers direct trains to Bristol Temple Meads, Birmingham New Street and London Paddington, while Stagecoach West operates direct bus services from Cheltenham to Gloucester and Oxford city centre. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Cheltenham over the last 12 months stands at £387,000 according to OnTheMarket. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found different homes for sale in the region. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which needs work but has huge potential as well as a home worth the average asking price. Property: Six bedroom detached house Location: Bushcombe Lane, Cheltenham Price: £1,660,000 Marketed by: CJ Hole, Cheltenham, via OnTheMarket This property is a substantial detached family home that occupies a superb elevated position on the lower slopes of Cleeve Hill with uninterrupted panoramic views as far as the eye can see. The Cotswold stone home which has been remodelled and extended by the current owner, offers spacious flexible accommodation over two levels and a separate studio apartment. All ground floor rooms have been designed with large windows to flood the rooms with natural light whilst showcasing the truly stunning views across four counties. It boasts a generous entrance hall with a feature staircase to provide access to the kitchen/breakfast room with French doors leading out to an attached gazebo perfect for all year outdoor entertaining. DON'T MISS:‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [TIPS]How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps [COMMENT]Spring cleaning: How to avoid spring cleaning mistakes right now [EXPERT] The house has a study, utility room, two cloakrooms and a magnificent sitting/dining room with a feature fireplace leading into a conservatory with access to a patio seating area. Upstairs the principal bedroom has built-in wardrobes, an en-suite bathroom, windows on three sides and a balcony. Four further bedrooms and a family bathroom complete the accommodation. To the side of the house, there is a double car port which has a studio apartment above. This is accessed via a spiral staircase and provides a kitchen, double bedroom and shower room. Outside the property enjoys a west facing patio, large lawned area sweeping from the house to the front boundary and an enclosed paddock. Property: Three bedroom terraced house Location: Hands Orchard, Great Comberton Price: £234,950 Marketed by: Bomford & Coffey Estate Agents, Pershore, via OnTheMarket This property is not far from the historic market town of Pershore, which is Georgian styled and provides high street shopping facilities and supermarkets together with an indoor market and leisure complex. With spacious rooms, this house has huge renovation potential. Number nine is an ex-local authority, mid-terraced house with a good sized front garden, approached by a pathway from the unallocated parking area. There is a side covered passage, shared with the neighbour, giving pedestrian access to the rear of the property. Number nine is in need of updating in areas and has lean-to conservatory to the rear attached to outbuildings with cloakroom, utility/store and further store and a useful garden store attached to the rear. This property has three bedrooms, a bathroom, airing cupboard and boiler cupboard on the first floor, two receptions, fitted kitchen with pantry on the ground floor and all mains’ services are connected. To the rear of the property is a large garden in need of some TLC. Located on Hands Orchid, the house is just a 13 minute drive away from the city centre of Pershore. Property: Four bedroom detached house Location: Pinewood Road, Gloucester Price: £400,000 Marketed by: The Property Centre, Quedgeley, via OnTheMarket This detached property is home to an open plan dining and kitchen area, which opens out into the garden. With a large kitchen to the front of the property, it overlooks the garden area. To the rear of the property, there is a great sized garden which has a patio area as well as lawn space. Perfect for those who drive, the house has a spacious driveway to the front of the property. Once entered in the front of the property, the homeowner will be greeted by a spacious living room. The property has four decent sized bedrooms and two bathrooms. This property is situated in a brilliant location close to local schools and amenities. It is located in the beautiful city of Gloucester in the west of England. Next week, we will be choosing three properties from in and around York.