The new digital account means Britons can access their savings as often as they like without incurring fees, charges or loss of interest. The £250,000 savings limit is one of the best on the market and has been described as “stunning”. Shaun Port, managing director of savings and investments for Chase said:“With the cost of living increasing, we know that consumers want to maximise the interest they can earn with the reassurance of being able to access their savings instantly. “We have designed the Chase saver account to provide our customers with maximum flexibility alongside a competitive rate. “Savers can set up multiple accounts via the Chase app, each with a unique account number, making it easy to organise their savings for specific goals. “There are no fees or charges when customers move money out of their saver accounts, no monthly caps on how much can be saved provided total savings are within the £250,000 limit for all saver accounts.” READ MORE: Nearly half a million Britons missing out on DWP benefit worth £292 JP Morgan Chase launched its new digital bank in the UK under the Chase brand last year. It offers a range of simple, yet rewarding features to help people budget and save. It also gives customers cashback on everyday spending and no charges when using cards abroad. There are no high street branches, so customers will need to be comfortable with using an entirely digital service. DON'T MISS:Pensioners could get TV licence discount up to £159 - do you qualify? [ALERT]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [UPDATE]State Pension to hit £10,600 a year - Sunak faces triple lock decision [INSIGHT] The Chase account offers:  Andrew Hagger of Moneycomms.co.uk said this was one of the best savings rates currently available. He said: “There's no doubt that this is a stunning rate for an easy access savings account. "It is head and shoulders above the stand alone easy access best buys paying between 0.90 and 0.95 percent. “This is clearly a carrot from the digital bank to try and drive new current account openings and in the current market l expect it will be swamped with applications."   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Hagger continued: “Let's just hope that the rate is more than a short term incentive that then gets cut just a few months down the line." “There is no minimum income requirement to open the Chase current account, however the account is run via a smartphone and also the bank doesn't currently offer joint accounts, so it's not an offer that will work for everyone. “Easy access savings rates have been edging upwards in recent months, and it will be interesting to see if this standout savings rate has a further positive impact on the easy access savings market.” People can find out more about the account by going to the Chase website.