Arthritis is one of the most common conditions in the UK, affecting more than ten million people. Studies have consistently highlighted the importance of lifestyle changes to reduce symptoms, with diet playing an invaluable protective role against the condition. Supporters of apple cider vinegar believe that it contains anti-inflammatory properties that can help with arthritis symptoms, including pain and swelling, in the same way that medication does. Apple cider vinegar contains a number of vitamins and antioxidants which help speed up the healing process in the body. The antioxidant content in the vinegar is said to help reduce the swelling and pain caused by arthritis. Many people have claimed apple cider vinegar’s antioxidant beta carotene and acetic acid content produces miraculous effects in easing arthritis pain. But there has been little research carried out to support this. Lona Sandon, a registered dietician who has rheumatoid arthritis, says apple cider vinegar should remain in the kitchen and not be moved to the medicine chest. Speaking to Arthritis Foundation, the assistant professor at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, she said: “Some people contend beta-carotene in apple cider vinegar destroys free radicals involved in ravaging the immune system, but the amount of beta-carotene in the vinegar is infinitesimal. “Others say acid crystals cause joints to become stiff and vinegar dissolves them. “Gout is the only form of arthritis that involves crystals - uric acid crystals, formed from an excess of uric acid in the body - and cider vinegar doesn’t relieve gout pain.” According to Stanford Chiropractic Centre, benefits of apple cider vinegar for arthritis include: Mineral deficiencies in the body can make joint pain worse. Because Apple Cider Vinegar contains the calcium, magnesium, potassium, and phosphorus your body needs, it helps as a supplement and therefore reduces pain. The magnesium in apple cider vinegar helps bones absorb calcium, which is essential to bone strength. Apple cider vinegar also contains antioxidants, beta-carotene, and acetic acid. Antioxidants block the damaging effects of free radicals, preventing the cell and tissue damage commonly found with degenerative conditions like arthritis. It is rich in enzymes and acids that promote proper digestion and the absorption of the nutrients essential to healthy joints. Arthritis pain is partially caused by metabolic waste that is stored in connective tissues. The pectin, acetic acid, and malic acid in apple cider vinegar help absorb toxins and flush them out of the body. When consumed, apple cider vinegar reduces the pain and stiffness of arthritis by dissolving the acid crystals that build up in the joints. Once it is processed, apple cider vinegar leaves behind an alkaline residue that helps balance the body’s pH.