On Saturday, Russian defence officials claimed Moscow has launched Kh-47M2 Kinzhal “hypersonic missiles” at a military munitions warehouse in western Ukraine. This is unique, not just in this conflict but across the world, as it would be the first use of this kind of weapon in combat. But many - including the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) - are now doubting Russia's true intentions of launching the supposed "hypersonic missiles" over the weekend. On Monday, the MoD released an intelligence update on Russia’s war in Ukraine, which read: "Russia has claimed that it fired a number of 'hypersonic' missiles against targets in western Ukraine. "If true, these are likely the Kinzhal; an air launched ballistic missile system based on the Iskander ballistic missile which has itself already been used by Russian forces in their attack on Ukraine. "Russian claims of having used the developmental Kinzhal is highly likely intended to detract from a lack of progress in Russia's ground campaign. "Deployment of Kinzhal is highly unlikely to materially affect the outcome of Russia's campaign in Ukraine." Phillips O'Brien, Professor of Strategic Studies at University St Andrews, retweeted this post from the MoD, and wrote: "UK MoD saying much the same - this is a blue smoke and mirrors distraction by the Russians." Mr Neil retweeted this post from the expert, and wrote: "Putting Russia's 'hypersonic' missiles in perspective.” On Saturday, CNN cited US officials confirming a claim from Russia's Defence Ministry that Moscow had launched Kh-47M2 Kinzhal “hypersonic missiles” at a military munitions warehouse in western Ukraine. But according a report from Politico, Tyler Rogoway and Stephen Payne from the Warzone news website used commercial satellite imagery to locate the supposed target instead at a “heavily bombarded rural area in the far eastern area of Ukraine". READ MORE: Chernobyl on radiation alert as wildfires break out at nuclear plant It has also become unclear if the US itself actually detected an kind of hypersonic missile attack. A US defence official told reporters on Monday: “We’re not able to refute [the claim], but we can’t independently confirm it, either." The official acknowledged "it's certainly possible" the weapon was used, “but it’s a bit of a head-scratcher” if it was. This can be explained as even if Russia's target was a weapons warehouse in western Ukraine, there would simply be no need to deploy such an advanced weapons to hit it as a less valuable missile would have done the job. DON'T MISSBitter Brussels SNUBS Boris for key summit after 'insult' [LATEST]'We can no longer pretend EU doesn’t exist' Marr warns Boris [COMMENTS]Why is Israel reluctant to join the West's sanctions against Putin? [REPORT] The MoD issued its latest intelligence update earlier today (Tuesday) claiming that across most of Ukraine, Russia forces have "endured yet another day of limited progress with most forces largely stalled in place". It read: "Despite heavy fighting, Ukrainian forces continue to repulse Russian attempts to occupy the southern city of Mariupol. Russian forces elsewhere in Ukraine have endured yet another day of limited progress with most forces largely stalled in place. Several Ukrainian cities continue to suffer heavy Russian air and artillery bombardment with the UN reporting that more than 10 million Ukrainians are now internally displaced as a result of Russia’s invasion. On Monday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson held a call with US President Joe Biden, France's Emmanuel Macron, Germany's Olaf Scholz and Italy's Mario Draghi, where they discussed ensuring the Government in Kyiv has the "tools it needs to defend itself". A Downing Street spokeswoman said: "The Prime Minister underlined his horror at President Putin's use of increasingly brutal tactics in Ukraine, such as siege warfare and the targeting of civilians. "The leaders affirmed their ongoing commitment to support Ukraine militarily, diplomatically and economically, equipping the democratically-elected government in Kyiv with the tools it needs to defend itself. "They also resolved to increase the pressure on Russia to halt its unprovoked invasion, including by maintaining wide-ranging and coordinated sanctions. "The Prime Minister looked forward to further discussions at the NATO and G7 summits this week, including on how to increase military support to Ukraine to qualitatively improve their defensive capability."