The Duchess of Cornwall, 74, visited London's new headquarters of the Royal Academy of Dance on Thursday to unveil the foundation stone. While there, she took up ballet positions with performers under the watchful eye of ex-Strictly Come Dancing judge Dame Darcey Bussell, 52. Camilla had "good posture" and an "astonishing" work ethic, according to her teacher, Sarah Platt. The royal is known to take Silver Swan ballet classes which are designed for older dancers. While there, she was visited by Dame Darcey, who is the centre's president, as well as Luke Rittner, RAD's chief executive.  The Duchess unveiled a commemorative plaque to mark the official opening of the new headquarters in Battersea. She also viewed a number of items from the RAD archives, including their original Royal Charter, granted in 1936, and the satin ballet slippers worn by Adeline Genee, RAD's first president. The Duchess of Cornwall was also taken through to a studio to watch a class of students studying the famous RAD's Karsavina syllabus. READ MORE:What did Prince William really say about Ukraine? During her visit, she told the group of women and two men, "I'm rather impressed by all of you", and said, "you're much better than I am". The Duchess claimed she would "have to do a lot more practice" while watching the talented dancers perform. The Royal Academy of Dance teacher, Sarah Platt, also teaches Camilla in a separate 'Silver Swan' class.  DON'T MISS: Prince Charles moved to tears during meeting with refugees [VIDEO]Fergie's ancestral home in Ireland has 68 rooms - inside the property [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew's taxpayers' funded security 'under review' ' [COMMENT] Ms Platt, the dance teacher, said, according to the Evening Standard: “She is very musical, she has got good posture and a good strong back, which I attributed to horse-riding, but I might have put two and two together and made five." In response to the royal's visit, one Twitter user wrote: "Such a lovely engagement and beautiful photos and videos! Our Duchess is such a sweet, little, elegant silver swan". Another wrote: "Good luck HRH!". A third person commented: "Darling Camilla!". 