On Friday, Buckingham Palace confirmed the Queen, 95, would not attend the service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. Her Majesty, who is head of the Commonwealth, was to join the Prince of Wales, Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge to mark the day. A Buckingham Palace spokesperson said: “After discussing the arrangements with the royal household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. “The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences, in the week ahead.” Despite the Queen not appearing at the official celebration, constitutional expert Dr Bob Morris said the Commonwealth under Her Majesty’s guidance remained solid. Dr Morris, of the Constitution Unit at University College London, told Express.co.uk “some countries have spoken” about a vote to become a republic, but a nation leaving the commonwealth is a separate issue, and unlikely to happen. There are currently 54 countries in the Commonwealth. He said: “Some of them already had a failed referendum. “It's difficult to read this because, for example, in the case of New Zealand, it has got the most open of the constitutions and it could proceed by simple legislation to turn itself into a republic. “But it is one of the countries where there's the least enthusiasm for doing so. READ MORE: Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown “Although there are no constitutional difficulties or impediments, which there are in some other countries, it looks as though New Zealand is not yet ripe for turning itself into a republic.” He continued: “Although most of the parties have said they expect New Zealand to become a Republic in due course, they haven't actually done anything about it and have no plans to do so.” He described a “strong movement” in Jamaica to push for a vote on becoming a republic, and an interest in the topic in countries such as Australia and Canada. Despite rumblings, however, he told Express.co.uk "I don't think there's a horse race" to change constitutional status in Commonwealth nations - as the movements don't gather enough momentum to succeed in a referendum. DON'T MISS: Queen’s rejection of Prince Andrew over scandal: ‘You deal with this’ [INSIGHT] Queen 'increasingly unlikely' to ever meet Lilibet [ANALYSIS] Queen 'facing dilemma' after cancelling Commonwealth service [REPORT] There is a small possibility of change in the Caribbean, he added, “but I don't see any immediate change elsewhere”. Commonwealth Day is celebrated across the world, in Commonwealth nations in Asia, Africa, the Caribbean, and the Americas. In a number of countries, the day is also a public holiday. It is estimated the Commonwealth covers a quarter of the world’s population. In November 2021, Barbados removed the Queen as head of state to become a republic, swearing-in Dame Sandra Mason as the first president of the island nation. But Barbados remains a part of the Commonwealth, maintaining a number of ties with the British monarchy. The Prince of Wales attended the event in Bridgetown, describing how “the creation of this republic offers a new beginning”. He emphasised the importance of a continued relationship between Barbados and the UK, as the new republic’s “constitutional status changes”. Prince Charles highlighted “our common determination to defend the values we both cherish and to pursue the goals we share; and the myriad connections between the people of our countries - through which flow admiration and affection, co-operation and opportunity - strengthening and enriching us all”.