PlayStation gamers could this week find out more about Abandoned. The upcoming PS5 exclusive from Blue Box Game Studios has been the subject of much speculation ever since it was revealed last April, and it looks like the long-wait for answers could be drawing to a close. Blue Box Game Studios previously revealed that Q1 2022 would be an "interesting" time for those looking forward to Abandoned. And ahead of today's State of Play stream it looks like an announcement on Abandoned could be around the corner. Leaker Roberto Serrano has claimed the long-awaited Abandoned prologue and a tech demo will be going live in the Realtime Experience app this week. Serrano has claimed the update to the Abandoned Realtime Experience app will be available at midnight local time on Thursday March 10. Given this is a few hours after the upcoming State of Play (which is taking place at 10pm on Wednesday March 9) this could suggest news on Abandoned will be dropping in today's Sony stream. Last week Serrano tweeted: "Abandoned Prologue and Tech Demo announcement has been postponed but it's still planned to come this March.  "Dev team is working hard to deploy the Tech Demo and Prologue of Abandoned on PS5 as soon as possible but due to some issues they are not ready to show the announcement but the release is still scheduled for March". While earlier today Serrano tweeted: "As I said in the past, the release of ABANDONED Prologue and its TECH Demo has been scheduled to come out tomorrow, March 10, 2022. Announcement soon." We'll have to wait and see whether any news does drop on Abandoned in today's State of Play. But news on the title in the next few weeks does stand to reason given Blue Box Game Studios previously said an update on Abandoned was due in Q1 2022 - which is ending soon. On its website Blue Box said: "Q1 2022 is going to be interesting for fans of Abandoned. With the game reveal being around the corner and the release of the Prologue coming closer and closer, we are working hard to make sure to showcase the game at the best and stable way possible." 