Under the Northern Ireland Protocol, the country retains access to the EU Single Market and suffers a customs border with Great Britain. However, it emerged on Wednesday Northern Ireland is liable to pay EU tariffs, which are paid for by British taxpayers. Former Labour MP Baroness Kate Hoey has now urged the Chancellor to “ditch the Protocol”. In a hearing on Wednesday, the Lords Committee heard Northern Ireland manufacturers are having to pay EU anti-dumping tariffs on Chinese aluminium protrusions coming from the rest of the UK due to the Northern Ireland Protocol. They also heard the UK Government promised to reimburse these tariffs, but are not paying Northern Ireland. Baroness Hoey, Labour MP for Vauxhall until 2019, responded: “So not only are Northern Ireland business subject to ridiculous EU extra costs because of the Protocol the UK taxpayer is having to pay for this to be reimbursed to the business. “Why does Rishi Sunak put up with this? #ditchtheprotocol” It comes after Chancellor unveiled in his Spring Statement that for the next five years, homeowners who have energy-efficient devices such as solar panels installed on their properties will face zero VAT. He claimed his ability to do this was down to the UK leaving the EU and the laws and rules that came with that membership. However, Mr Sunak then said that the VAT cut would not apply to Northern Ireland because of the terms of the Northern Ireland Protocol, meaning the Treasury will need to get the European Commission to agree before the cut is extended to Northern Ireland. Mr Sunak said he would try to do this, and added Stormont would receive additional funding equivalent to the value of the VAT cut. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Boris hit with major Biden trade deal snub Mr Sunak added he wanted to “assure members from Northern Ireland that the Executive will receive a Barnett share [the Barnett formula calculates devolved budgets] of the value of the relief until it can be introduced UK-wide”. EU sources on Wednesday night told the Telegraph Brussels was open to talks with the Treasury, but ruled out granting just the UK a derogation from VAT rules. Insiders said it "won't be possible" to agree a carve-out for Britain alone but Northern Ireland could benefit as part of wider reforms. They added that many European countries are also interested in slashing taxes on energy-saving products to speed up the green transition. Unionists have voiced their outrage about the VAT situation in Northern Ireland, and have called for the Protocol to be axed. Sir Jeffrey Donaldson, DUP leader, said it was clear families would lose out because of the Protocol, and added: “The ‘rigorous implementers” in Sinn Fein, the SDLP and Alliance are costing our economy millions every year and they are now costing households tax breaks. “It is time to join with the DUP and end this Protocol madness.” Ulster Unionist Finance spokesperson Steve Aiken OBE added the exclusion of the Province from the VAT cut on installing energy-saving measures around the home was a “damning indictment of the Protocol.” Mr Aiken said: “The Chancellor’s statement has done little to alleviate the real pressures being felt by many people due to the cost of living crisis, and has highlighted the malign influence the NI Protocol is having on people in Northern Ireland, as UK VAT rules cannot apply here without the EU’s permission. “This unacceptable situation must be promptly resolved once and for all.” Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis backed the Chancellor’s Spring rise in National Insurance thresholds, which he said marks a tax cut for 800,000 workers in the Province. Mr Lewis added it would save the typical employee more than £330 a year, and despite Northern Ireland being excluded in the VAT cut for energy-saving measures, the Secretary of State pointed out that the Stormont Executive is being given an additional £47 million on top of the annual subvention from the Treasury. Mr Lewis said: “People in Northern Ireland will be feeling financial pressures which events beyond our control have placed upon us all, but decisions such as cutting fuel duty, raising the National Insurance thresholds, and increasing Employment Allowance will help alleviate these.”