Emma Raducanu has picked Rafael Nadal as the perfect player on tour to have a whirl at becoming a chair umpire in the future. Match officials in tennis have the best seat in the house to watch the world's best players take to the court. Mohamed Lahyani is seen as one of the best umpires in the game with the Swedish ATP umpire being put in charge of several finals in major tournaments, as well as the longest match in tennis history when John Isner and Nicolas Mahut played for over 11 hours. The likes of Eva Asderaki-Moore, Alison Hughes and Marija Cicak have also been trailblazers for women umpires. But while they often hold the envious position of the perfect birdseye view on world-class matches, chair umpires have also had their fair share of stick from both players and fans. Nick Kyrgios has notoriously challenged the patience of many chair umpires throughout his career, but the Australian is far from being the only player to lash out. Just last month, Alessandro Germani was on the receiving end of a barrage of abuse from Alexander Zverev with the German tennis ace overstepping the mark. Zverev exploded into a fit of rage, calling Germani a "f***ing idiot" before violently striking the umpire's chair three times and nearly catching the tennis official's foot. JUST IN: Harriet Dart tipped to exceed Emma Raducanu by Indian Wells champion  The world No 3 was fined for his actions and handed a suspended ban of eight weeks. Germani, meanwhile, did well to keep his cool under the circumstances, something all chair umpires have likely had to deal with in their careers. Not many tennis players make the transition from the court to the umpire chair, but Raducanu believes Nadal would be the best suited to the role. When asked who she thought would make the best chair umpire, Raducanu said: "I'd say Rafael Nadal. "He is like really, really fair and has unbelievable sportsmanship." DON'T MISS  American tennis sensation Coco Gauff jokingly tipped Kyrgios to take on the challenge. "Probably Nick," Gauff said while laughing. "Because he always argues with the umpires so it would be cool to see him in a different position." Nadal is currently in action at Indian Wells this week, where he beat Britain's Dan Evans in the previous round. The 21-time Grand Slam champion faces off against No 17 seed Reilly Opelka this evening for a place in the quarter-finals.