Outlander season six has started airing on Starz and the time-travel drama promises plenty of twists. Author Diana Gabaldon said the premiere was "absolutely spectacular" in her review. The first episode included a title card to Alan Decker and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who he was. A touching tribute was paid to Alan Decker, who died in December 2020, aged 69, at the end of the first episode. The title card read: “In loving memory of our friend and colleague Alan Decker.” He was an American re-recording mixer who worked on Homeland and Outlander, as well as National Geographic special Avalanche: The White Death. Decker began his career in studio engineering, working as a sound mixer and dialogue editor. READ MORE: Outlander: Jamie star Sam Heughan on ‘awkward’ sex scenes His other credits include The Simpsons, Suits, Chicago PD, Grimm, Bates Motel and Good Girls. He achieved a shared Primetime Emmy win for Outstanding Achievement in Nonfiction Programming for his contribution to Avalanche: The White Death in 1999. Decker died on December 23, 2020, in Los Angeles, California. The Cinema Audio Society paid tribute to the re-recording mixer at the time of his death. They said: "Alan was a mentor to many and a strong figure in the sound community known for his positive and encouraging nature. "CAS Board member David Bondelevitch shares, 'Al was a really sweet guy and will be missed'. "The CAS extends our condolences to Alan’s family, friends, and colleagues." According to his IMDb profile, he worked on Outlander from 2014 until 2020. DON'T MISS... Outlander: Bree star Sophie Skelton shares embarrassing nickname [INSIGHT] ‘We’ll start shooting soon’ Outlander's Sam Heughan on season 7 update [INTERVIEW] Outlander's Caitriona Balfe forced to defend missing season 6 premiere [DISCUSSION] He was credited as a re-recording mixer on a total of 67 episodes. One of his final roles before his death was working on the episode titled Never My Love, from season five. HPA shared a photo of Decker with Brian Magerkurth accepting an award for Best Sound in Television in 2016. The award was for the Outlander episode titled Prestonpans, from season two. His last job before he died was as a re-recording mixer on five episodes of Your Honor. The first episode of Outlander season six was a feature-length instalment as a gift to fans for being patient during Droughtlander. In the opening moments, viewers were introduced to Jamie Fraaer's (Sam Heughan) former rival Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones), who was at Ardsmuir Prison with him. Tom and his family moved to Fraser's Ridge were they are set to cause trouble for Jamie and his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe). Outlander season 6 airs on Starz on Sunday, March 6. It will also air in the UK via STARZPLAY.