Kate Garraway, 54, has bravely opened up on her husband's battle with Covid through the ITV documentary Kate Garraway: Finding Derek, which received an NTA. Her husband, Derek Draper, 54, is still struggling with the effects of long Covid and now, with his business reportedly going under, Kate has another issue to handle. On November 30 last year, notice was given to Derek's business Astra Aspera Limited for a compulsory strike-off. This meant that unless cause is shown to be contrary, the company would be struck off the register and dissolved. On December 9, this was suspended, however the business is now going bust, according to reports. According to The Mail on Sunday, Kate had been determined to save Derek's business after he was unable to work. READ MORE: ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle However, the Good Morning Britain presenter has lost her battle and, according to The Mail, will announce the business fold in the coming days. According to sources, the rising costs of Derek's care left no other option for the family. One source said: "Astra Aspera was primarily Derek’s company, he was the director. "Kate was made director last February so that she could attempt to keep it going. "Kate has done her very best to do that while Derek has been incredibly ill. "However, he has been unable to work, his revenue has stopped entirely and is unlikely to return in the near future." The source continued: "Kate has other jobs on GMB and Smooth Radio, but with her massively increased costs it wasn’t possible to keep the company going, so has to be folded." Kate has been trying to keep busy working, as well as caring for her husband. DON'T MISS... ‘Will miss him’ Julie Andrews breaks silence on ex Tony Walton's death [INSIGHT] Laura Hamilton's apology to A Place In The Sun team over new heartache [COMMENT] Kevin Costner, 67, makes rare appearance with stunning wife Christine [PICTURES] She recently took over from Piers Morgan on ITV's Life Stories, while also working on Good Morning Britain and Smooth Radio. On top of this, she needs to care for her two children Darcey, 15, and William, 12, leaving a lot on Kate's plate. She revealed last month that she had accompanied Derek to Mexico for a medical assessment that could reverse the damage from Covid on his body. They had to hire a specialist nurse to care for Derek whilst he went on the 16 hour flight. Derek will return this month for a 28-day stay so the doctors can monitor his brain, liver and lungs. Last year, Kate said about Derek: "Covid has devastated him. His digestive system, his liver, his heart, his nervous system. "We’re pretty sure the inflammation did pass through his brain. He is in a terrible state. "But, look, he’s alive."