The Labour MP appeared on the ITV news programme to discuss the appointment of Evgeny Lebedev to the House of Lords amid concerns about his peerage. However, Madeley completely changed the topic mid-interview to ask Rayner if she could define what a woman is. The question infuriated many viewers at home who branded it "utterly stupid". Madeley asked: "Can I ask you a completely different question which is in the air at the moment as you know, almost all politicians of your ilk are being asked here, could you define what a woman is?" Rayner replied: "I think there seems to be a huge debate at the moment and I think this is quite damaging, it's very clear we need to support young people who may be going through challenges and I don't think it is for politicians or commentators to decide their fate." The Labour politician continued: "People need to feel safe and that includes women who are transitioning and this debate is now a Twitter debate and it's a debate that has seemed to be degraded to whichever genitalia you have and I don't think it helps anyone actually. "I think what we need to be doing is supporting our young people into living very valued happy lives and I think the debate which is currently being had in the social media bubble is really not helping anybody."  READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air However, Madeley wanted to press Rayner for a more direct answer to the initial question so he asked once more. "I think that is a very interesting overview, but it is an overview and I have just noticed you have not actually answered the question," he scoffed. "What do you think defines a woman?" Rayner explained she knows how she would define herself but she continued to speak about people who had "doubts about who they are" or were transitioning.   "It's very damaging for them if we degrade it down to what genitalia somebody has or whether someone has a cervix or not," she repeated. Good Morning Britain viewers quickly took to Twitter to comment on Madeley's probing, with Susan McLellan remarking: "What an utterly stupid question." "Richard is taking up a lot of time with his pointless questions," @hooray_k added. Sian Humphreys said: "What is this tripe I’m waking up to, 'What do you define as a woman'. What’s the world coming to? #GMB." DON'T MISS...Ranvir Singh forced to leave GMB after 'worst ever' hay fever reaction [LATEST]Liam Payne baffles GMB viewers with odd accent [VIDEO]Ranvir Singh 'rolls eyes' at ex-GMB colleague's 'life changing' update [UPDATE]   Darren Taylor quipped: "Angela Rayner still can't answer the question "What is the definition of a woman". Extraordinary. #GMB" However, other viewers criticised Rayner's unclear response to Madeley's direct question which he asked twice during the interview. Colin Bastafield remarked: "Absolutely stunning Angela Rayner cant define what a woman is! #GMB" Michael Blay said: "Richard Madeley, 'Can you define what a woman is?" Angela Rayner, 'Waffle waffle waffle', so in a word... 'No'."  