Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan has branded Boris Johnson "shameless" following his comparison of the Ukrainian people's fight against Russia's invasion of their country, to British people voting for Brexit. The host of the upcoming TalkTV show Uncensored, 56, didn't hesitate to slam the PM, 57, for the "shameful" remarks he made in a speech to Tory party members. In view of his 7.9 million Twitter followers, the former Life Stories star fired back at the remarks. Piers simply wrote: "Shameless & shameful." The TV personality was responding to a clip of the Conservative MP speaking at the Tory party conference in Blackpool. Sharing a brief clip from Sky News, Piers made his thoughts on the matter clear. READ MORE: Tom Hanks felt woke backlash over 'career playing righteous white men' In the video, the PM compared the Ukrainian people's fight against Putin's invasion of their country, to British citizens deciding whether to remain part of the European Union. Boris said: "And I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom every time. "I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. "When the British people voted for Brexit in such large numbers I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. "It's because they wanted to be free," the clip ended. Piers' remarks come a day after his former GMB co-star Susanna Reid fumed at comments made by Jacob Rees-Mogg over the Partygate scandal. Speaking at a fringe meeting at the Tory spring conference, the Conservative MP for North East Somerset, 52, dismissed the Partygate scandal as "disproportionate fluff", sparking outrage on social media. In the clip, the MP spoke about how "there are serious things to be discussed", before claiming that "trivial" Partygate detracted from the seriousness of other matters. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid rages at Jacob Rees-Mogg over 'trivial' Partygate claims [ANALYSIS]‘Anything to stay alive’ Linda Nolan on gruelling cancer treatment [UPDATE] He said: "I'd say the same with Partygate, that all of that is shown up for the disproportionate fluff of politics that it was, rather than something of fundamental seriousness about the safety of the world and about the established global order." Following Piers' tweet slamming Boris, his followers took to the comments to weigh in on the remarks. Twitter user @JennySunshine18 replied: "How on earth does this man hold his own on the world stage, other leaders must think he’s lost his mind, absolute embarrassment." @romansrift asked the former ITV presenter: "Did you think anything else from bumbling Boris?" However, some of Piers' followers disagreed. @Colin00007 hit back: "Self determination is shameless? Really?" (sic) @stevemaughan added: "I agree with Boris on this one. Brexit was a vote for freedom from the EU (at least it was for me). "And the Ukrainians are fighting for their freedom from Russia. Boris isn’t saying the EU is the same as Russia — which it isn’t. It’s the principle of national freedom at stake."