Vacuuming is the easiest way to clean up flooring, working on everything from fluffy carpets to hardwood floorboards. While this simple task will remove surface dirt, there is one key ingredient that can help you achieve an even deeper clean. Baking soda is known for its powerful cleaning abilities, but why should it be used while vacuuming? How often should you be doing it? While your flooring might not look unclean, dirt and debris can gather in the fibres and grains of the material, creating a breeding ground for dust mites and nasty bacteria. In fact, estimates suggest carpets are 4,000 times dirtier than toilet bowls, harbouring an estimated 200,000 bacteria per square foot. Vacuuming is crucial to lift out toxins and debris, and doing it regularly is the best way to reduce the buildup of these harmful particles in the first place. READ MORE:Amanda Owen: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm star’s home Whether your carpet is old or new, vacuuming should be a regular task in your weekly cleaning routine. According to Punan Chada, carpet buyer at Carpetright, newer carpets should be vacuumed every day during the first few weeks. For older carpets, this can be reduced to at least twice a week and just once a week for hardwood floors. While vacuuming alone is enough to keep unpleasant debris at bay, soiled or stained flooring could benefit from a deeper treatment. A generous sprinkling of this basic ingredient can have impressive results on your flooring - especially carpets. Baking soda is perfect for floors because it is a powerful alkaline solution. When the alkaline oxidises, it produces powerful dioxide gases, which can lift stains from carpets and other materials with ease. This pantry staple also works as a natural deodoriser, so even the lightest dusting will work to freshen your floors before they’ve even been vacuumed. DON'T MISS:How to sell your house: The 6 ways to make your home more appealing [INISGHT]White vinegar for cleaning: 5 things vinegar and baking soda can clean [REVEAL]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘trick’ to remove blood stains from bed sheets [EXPLAINER] Incorporating this dusty white ingredient into your weekly routine is very easy and requires little to no effort at all. Stock up on baking soda and use it to sprinkle over your flooring before vacuuming to brighten, lift stains and deodorise both soft and hard surfaces. While all carpets will benefit from a baking soda treatment, carpets in high-traffic areas and houses with furry pets will look even better after using this basic vacuuming hack. Roughly vacuum the carpet before sprinkling with a generous amount of pure baking soda. Leave the soda to sit for half an hour and vacuum once again.  Rugs are even easier to keep clean, as they can be shaken and beaten to dislodge deep-rooted dirt, but they will still benefit from a regular vacuum. Bath mats, bedroom and dining room rugs are particularly prone to harbouring stains and dust, so add a little extra baking soda while treating these surfaces. There's no need to vacuum rugs before adding baking soda, just give it a light dusting and vacuum up straight away. Finish with a spritz of your diluted essential oil spray and leave the rug to air in a well-ventilated space.   Believe it or not, baking soda can even be used to draw out dirt and grime from hard surfaces as well as fibrous carpets. Particularly high-traffic areas can harbour a number of organic stains from food and drink - something baking soda is particularly good at removing. Lightly sprinkle any visible stains or dark patches with baking soda and leave to sit for around 10 minutes. During this time, the organic stain should be absorbed by the powder, preventing the liquid from setting into the grooves of the wood. Vacuum as normal using the appropriate setting to reveal your clean wooden flooring.