Suffolk County Council currently has a £10million contract with state-owned energy supplier Gazprom. But council leader Matthew Hicks has said the county is "actively pursuing" having the contract terminated. The deal, which started in 2020, is due to run until 2023, according to the Local Democracy Reporting Service. The company supplies gas to several schools and offices in the local area. But Mr Hicks said he would be ending the deal, describing Putin's invasion of Ukraine as "immoral and utterly reprehensible". He told the BBC: "When Vladimir Putin made the immoral and utterly reprehensible decision to invade Ukraine, I instructed officers last week to review our contract with Russian-owned energy company Gazprom. "I can confirm that we have decided to invoke our options to break away from the contract, ending our connection with Gazprom." He said the move to end the contract was "a part we can play in helping to bring to an end this act of aggression on a free and peaceful nation and its innocent people". Leader of the opposition Green, Liberal Democrat and Independent group, Andrew Stringer, said: "I welcome our council's reconsideration of our funding of Gazprom." This comes after Shell announced on Monday it would end all of its joint ventures with Gazprom in light of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Wealden District Council in East Sussex also uses Gazprom to supply gas to the area's social housing. READ MORE: Final death knell for Nord Stream 2: Firm goes bankrupt after crush... A spokesperson for the council said it was evaluating its "options and obligations". Meanwhile, a spokesperson for the Local Government Association (LGA), which represents councils in England and Wales, said it was up to individual councils to "decide how to act locally", but added they are "following the situation closely". They said: "Councils are deeply saddened by the tragic events unfolding in Ukraine and are following the situation closely. "It is up to individual councils to decide how to act locally but, like many organisations, they will be reviewing what action they might want to take in light of UK sanctions and the ongoing situation." DON'T MISS: Russia attacked as Ukrainian army accused of bombing airport [REPORT] Putin left reeling as key ally Belarus refuses to join war [REACTION] Putin's tanks 'turning back' after being confronted by Ukrainians [INSIGHT] The UK government introduced further sanctions on Russia last night. Three more Russian banks were sanctioned, including Russia's largest bank, Sberbank. UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss also announced the UK will ban exports to Russia across a range of "critical sectors". Meanwhile, Russian ships have been banned from UK ports, with authorities being given new powers to detain Russian vessels. Ms Truss acknowledged the conflict "could end up lasting months and years", saying the UK was "prepared to suffer economic sacrifices" in order to support Ukraine. She said the UK would maintain sanctions for "however long it takes", adding that she was "determined to go much, much further". UK citizens have also been advised against all travel to Russia. This came after Putin halted all flights to the UK in response to sanctions introduced last week.