 Wright will be among the pundits as Luton Town take on Chelsea at Kenilworth Road this evening, live on BBC One from 7pm. Eight-time FA Cup winner Chelsea, who were runners up to Leicester City in the competition last season, will look to bounce back from their Sunday’s Carabao Cup final defeat when they take on the Hatters.  Meanwhile, the Championship outfit defeated third tier Cambridge United to make it to the fifth round of the cup for the first time in eight years. Luton are sitting in the Championship play-off spots, having won four of their last five league fixtures, and will be hoping to cause a famous cup upset when they take on Thomas Tuchel’s side. Wright, who’s own career was propelled by Crystal Palace’s 1990 FA Cup final appearance, will be providing expert analysis on proceedings. Despite being widely regarded as one of the greatest strikers of the Premier League era, the Arsenal and Palace legend famously did not turn professional until he was 21. The striker worked maintenance at a sugar factory, having spent a month in prison for a non-payment of fines, before making his breakthrough at Crystal Palace just weeks short of his 22nd birthday. Read More: Klopp's approach analysed as pressure piled on Liverpool 'role model'   Wright once described the pressure he was under during an ultimately unsuccessful six week trial with Brighton and Hove Albion in the Eighties as he “chased the dream” of becoming a professional. He emotionally told the Players Tribune in 2018: “I was actually so broke that I didn’t even have any money for the train home. “On one of our off days I wanted to go back to London to see my family but I couldn’t afford the train fare. So a couple of the Brighton players told me I could claim expenses back at the club. All I had to do was ask. “‘Just tell the lady’, they said. So I go up to the office and told the lady, ‘I’m a trialist, and I just need some expenses to get back to London. “She was very nice about it, but it was clear to me that she was not in charge of expenses. She just said, ‘Yeah okay, could you just wait here?’’ “So I waited, and waited and waited. I sat there for five hours. No books, no TV, no nothing. Just waiting. Waiting for something to happen. I felt totally powerless. “I was just sitting there in silence hoping that someone would notice me. Notice how much I was trying in training. Notice how far I’d travelled to take this football trial. Notice how long I was willing to wait, just so I could get the train home.” The 19-year-old had “begged, borrowed and stolen for every favour” to make it from London to Brighton in the first place.  Read More:Ian Wright reduced to tears over life-changing moment[OPINION]Jermain Defoe's brutal takedown of England snub: 'I'll never forget'[INSIGHT]Roy Keane and Ian Wright's heated England debate: 'You're a grown man![ANALYSIS]  The future star was facing a spell of poverty, with his wife expecting their first child. He continued: “At about 5 o’clock, first team captain Steve Foster came in to get treatment for an injury. We’d spoken a few times during my trial and he asked me what I was doing there.” After Wright explained the situation to Foster, the captain went into a fit of rage. Wright said: “I swear to God, he went into this room and I could hear him from the outside telling people off. He’s shouting, ‘How can you do this? The poor boy’s been waiting’ and this and that.  “He comes out a few minutes later with this lady, and she handed me about £200 in cash. “I remember saying ‘thank you Steve’, getting a bus to the station, getting on the train, and then bursting into tears. “The feeling of helplessness I felt in those five hours will stay with me forever. It was about a lot more than football.” It would be two years until Wright finally made his breakthrough at Brighton’s rival Crystal Palace, where he would go on to become the club's record goalscorer.  He then moved to Arsenal, where he also became the club’s record goalscorer and an England international. Two of Wright’s children, Bradley Wright Phillips and Sean Wright-Phillips went onto have successful playing careers, while his grandson D’Margio Wright-Phillips was part of the Stoke City squad that narrowly lost to Crystal Palace in yesterday’s FA cup fixture. Watch Match of the Day Live on BBC One from 7pm.