Arsenal have been tipped to make a move for Aston Villa star Ollie Watkins as Mikel ArtetaArse begins to form his plans for the summer transfer window. Arteta is set to be in the market for at least one striker ahead of next season. Folarin Balogun is currently the only recognised striker in Arteta’s squad for next year, though the youngster is still a raw talent. Both Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are out of contract in the summer, with replacements needed for both. The duo have featured heavily since Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang departed for Barcelona, starring in Arsenal’s charge to the top four. With neither of them looking likely to stay at the Emirates Stadium beyond the end of the season, Arteta is on the search for a new frontman. And former Gunners star Kevin Campbell believes that Watkins would fit the bill perfectly for his old side. JUST IN: Arsenal get worrying Tomiyasu injury news amid Smith Rowe update Watkins has starred since joining Aston Villa in 2020, scoring 14 Premier League goals last season and adding another seven this term. He has been linked with Arsenal before following his starring role at Villa Park, earning a call-up to the England national side. Campbell believes that Watkins has the perfect profile to thrive in an Arteta team and urged the Gunners to make a move. “I really like Ollie Watkins. I liked him at Brentford and he’s only got better at Villa. He’s developing nicely as far as I am concerned,” Campbell told Football Insider. DON'T MISS: Man Utd told to look at Arteta example as club warned off Pochettino (INSIGHT)Arsenal chief Edu decides on striker he will 'prioritise' signing (TRANSFERS)Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta already has perfect captain choice (ANALYSIS) “Listen, he scored a great goal at the weekend and looked the part in that Villa side. I think Arsenal need two strikers, if I’m honest with you. Watkins might be a good one. “He puts himself about, can hold it up and loves to score goals. That fits the criteria for Arsenal right now. He is young as well. Why not? I can see that one happening. “He can’t be the only one though. We need two because [Pierre-Emerick] Aubameyang has gone and Lacazette and Nketiah are leaving.” Watkins’ contract at Villa still has more than three years left to run, which will likely drive his price up. But having missed out on Dusan Vlahovic to Juventus in the January window, Arteta will be keen to avoid a similar situation developing this summer. The Gunners will be able to take advantage of the fact that Watkins is a boyhood fan of the club, with the chance to emulate his hero Thierry Henry. While Watkins did not score in his side’s defeat to Arsenal earlier this season, he did fire in three goals against the Gunners last term. Whether Arteta will take Campbell’s advice remains to be seen, though Watkins would certainly appear to have the pedigree to star for the Gunners.