The findings from the research form part of the HomeViews New Build Buyer’s Guide, published in partnership with HomeOwners Alliance. The sales of new build homes has rocketed in recent years, with the properties less likely to require the same level of maintenance many face with an older property. Energy bills may be cheaper too as they tend to be more insulated. However, in the recent research, property management, parking and gardens top the list of things homeowners wish they had thought about before buying their home. Thirty six percent of those surveyed wish they had researched the property manager more as well as the developer. HomeOwners Alliance recommends checking out their social media pages as well as any Google reviews. They added: “Ideally, they should be a Leasehold Knowledge Partnership accredited company as this means they hold the ethos that leaseholders should be making the decisions about their buildings and support fairness and straight dealing.” Many new build homes come with parking for one or two cars, but a lot also come with on-street parking. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less Out of the 7,000 new build owners who participated in the research, 35 percent wish they had found out about the parking arrangements prior to purchasing. HomeOwners Alliance said: “This is something to think about carefully about up front to ensure you have the space you need. “Don’t assume you’ll be allocated a space or that there is nearby parking. There may also be an annual fee and if you’re thinking of getting an electric vehicle, find out how charging points will be accommodated.” A common complaint on new build developments is flooding in the gardens due to poor drainage, with 19 percent wishing they had found out more before purchasing a home. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share how to use black tea to get ‘streak-free windows’ [COMMENT]Pruning: How to prune hydrangeas to produce ‘more floriferous’ shrub [EXPLAINER]Flowers: Keep fresh flowers alive for longer by using lemonade [EXPERT] The experts explained: “Before buying, ask your conveyancing solicitor to check your property has Building Regulations sign off for the drainage system. “The ground in the garden of new builds is often compacted by machinery and inevitably has some rubble buried beneath the turf. This does impact quality initially but can be improved by adding nutrients and organic matter.” When visiting properties, it is a good idea to visit multiple times at different times of the day. This is helpful in order to check noise levels, check the lighting and mobile reception. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea More than 15 percent of those surveyed wish they had done this. Ten percent also wished they had checked the terms and conditions more carefully before buying a new build property. HomeOwners Alliance said: “If you’re buying a leasehold flat then you should ask your conveyancing solicitor to go through your financial obligations set out in the property’s lease. There are three main types of charges including ground rent, service charges and administration charges.” Other things homeowners wish they had checked more carefully included reviewing local development plans and reaching out to resident groups before moving in. Paula Higgings, CEO of HomeOwners Alliance, said: “Don’t assume anything when you’re buying a new home. “There’s a lot more to research than you think, and with a new build in particular, you need to look beyond the glossy marketing brochure. “This HomeBuyers Guide will help you go in with your eyes wide open so you don’t overlook the small stuff, from parking provision to ongoing service charges, from issues around new build gardens to sources of noise. “Until now it’s been difficult to find independent and verified information about new developments.” Rory Cramer, co-founder and CEO of HomeViews, added: “HomeViews exists to give buyers and tenants the best information about finding the best possible new home. “Our verified reviews are one of the best ways for new build buyers to avoid any of the nasty surprises during the buying process, and to stay informed about common issues that are likely to come up. “Our new Buyer’s Guide brings together some of our extra review data not publicly available on HomeViews.com, data the industry is already using to better understand residents and raise standards in the UK.”