Peace lilies, also known as spathiphyllum, is a houseplant that has become particularly popular in homes and offices. The plant is native to tropical regions of the Americas and southeastern Asia. Peace lilies also clean the air of the room they’re in. Gardening expert Katie Rushworth has shared the best position for the “fussy” plant in a 2019 video for one of the largest global tool brands, Silverline Tools. Katie said: “A peace lily is a little bit more fussy but it does reward you with these wonderful flowers. “This is actually an adapted leaf. “You can see it looks the same as the leaf. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home “It's quite clever really but it's to attract the pollinating insects to it, so it looks nice and showy. “It will need a lower light level so you can place it out of direct sunlight. “Probably a couple of metres into the house. “It will need sunlight but not direct sunlight.  DON'T MISSCleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home [INSIGHT]Huge mistake people make when painting walls and how to avoid it [UPDATE]DIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [ANALYSIS] “It also doesn't like draughts, so keep it away from doors or any windows that you open regularly.” Peace lilies don’t need as much plant feed as other houseplants. Rather than giving them concentrated plant food, Katie suggested giving them a diluted mix in the spring and summer. She explained: “They will need a diluted mix so kind of half or add extra water to the normal liquid feed that you would use because it really doesn't need as much feed as other plants. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “But really it is as simple as that. “It will come up and look this lush all the time. “It's a really attractive plant.” Katie said the peace lily she has at home “gets on with its own thing”.  She added: “So, not too much fertiliser, out of direct sunlight and no draught. “She's very healthy and very lovely.” One common mistake with peace lilies is overwatering them. In fact, peace lilies prefer to be under-watered than over-watered.