The Rolling Stones were struck a heavy blow last year after the death of their drummer Charlie Watts at the age of 80. Nevertheless, the legendary rock band are keeping his legacy alive as they continue to tour together with incredible energy for stars in their late seventies. As Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood celebrate their 60th anniversary, they’re heading back to the UK and Europe for some huge gigs this year. Buy tickets to Rolling Stones at BST Hyde Park & Liverpool on Ticketmaster The Rolling Stones 2022 tour is appropriately called Sixty and includes three UK dates. These will kick off in Liverpool’s Anfield Stadium, the first time the band have performed in the city in over half a century. This will be followed by two shows in London’s Hyde Park, with a set featuring classics like Paint It Black and Gimme Shelter alongside some big surprises. Here are their full tour dates for the UK and Europe this summer:  Buy tickets to Rolling Stones at BST Hyde Park & Liverpool on Ticketmaster June 1 – Madrid, Spain – Wanda Metropolitano Stadium   June 5 – Munich, Germany – Olympic StadiumJune 9 – Liverpool, UK – Anfield StadiumJune 13 – Amsterdam, Netherlands – Johan Cruijff ArenAJune 17 – Bern, Switzerland –   Wankdorf Stadium           June 21 – Milan, Italy – San Siro Stadium         June 25 – London, UK – American Express presents BST Hyde ParkJuly 3 – London, UK – American Express presents BST Hyde ParkJuly 11 – Brussels, Belgium – King Baudouin Stadium             July 15 – Vienna, Austria – Ernst Happel Stadium             July 19 – Lyon, France – Groupama Stadium       July 23 – Paris, France – Hippodrome ParisLongchamp       July 27 – Gelsenkirchen, Germany – Veltins-ArenaJuly 31 – Stockholm, Sweden – Friends Arena DON'T MISSCharlie Watts: Brian May shares music video made with drummer legend [CHARLIE WATTS]Mick Jagger swipes back at Paul McCartney’s Rolling Stones comments [PAUL MCCARTNEY]The Rolling Stones: Guess the song that was BANNED by the BBC? [THE ROLLING STONES] Joining Jagger, Richards and Woods on the drums replacing Watts will be Steve Jordan. The 65-year-old played the instrument on Saturday Night Live and Late Night with David Letterman in the 1970s and 1980s. He’s been part of Richards’ Rolling Stones side project X-Pensive Winos for the last four decades too. Tickets for The Rolling Stones Sixty tour go on general sale Friday March 18 at 10am here.