In its latest announcement the bank has set out new ways to calculate the exchange rate between the dollar and the ruble, which has crashed massively since the start of the conflict. The Bank of Russia said it would expand the time range for calculating the official dollar exchange rate against the ruble to 10.00 to 16.30 Moscow time. So far it has been based on trading in the narrower time range of 10.00 to 11.30. Calculating the exchange rate across a wider time range, it said, would "allow you to take into account a larger number of transactions during the day."  The bank added that this would "increase the representativeness of the US dollar exchange rate against the ruble in conditions of increased volatility in the foreign exchange market." The ruble has so far proved highly volatile as the conflict has unfolded and the impact of sanctions has begun to take hold. After trading at just over 84 rubles to the dollar when the invasion began it has declined to as little as 139 to the dollar. The resulting lack of confidence in the currency has seen a run on the banks in Russia with scenes of customers queuing to withdraw cash and convert it.  Ordinarily the central bank would have deployed its foreign currency reserves to prop up the ruble's value however sanctions has left vast swathes of this war chest unusable. Over the weekend Russia's finance minister Anton Siluanov confirmed around half of the $640billion (£490.41billion) fund was now out of use. In addition to today's exchange rate measures the Bank of Russia has been forced to bring in capital control measures prohibiting banks from selling foreign currencies to citizens and restricting customers with foreign currency accounts from withdrawing more than $10,000 (£7,664) for the next six months. While currency trading on Russian money markets remains open, the stock market will remain closed until at least 18 March according to the the central bank.  The Moscow Exchange has now been closed since 28 February amid fears trading could see a mass sell-off in Russian stocks and potential crash. A similar situation was seen for Russian firms listen on UK markets with major companies such as Sberbank and Gazprom being reduced to penny stocks before finally being suspended by the London Stock Exchange. With access to foreign currencies limited President Putin has signed a decree ordering any debts or payments to investors on Russia's list of 'unfriendly countries' to be paid in rubles. This is expected to cause issues when Russia starts to hit deadlines for dollar bond payments, with $117million (£89.7million) due on Wednesday.   DON'T MISS: Turkey faces 'perfect storm' as lira reaches lowest since December [SPOTLIGHT] Sunak hit by recession warnings ahead of Spring Statement [ANALYSIS] City surges as global financial centre since Brexit - 'great energy' [INSIGHT] While some bonds allow payment in different currencies many do not give this option meaning payment in rubles could technically be classed as a default. Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund Kristalina Georgieva has warned a Russian default is no longer an "improbable event", telling CBS “Russia has the money to service its debt, but cannot access it." Russia meanwhile has accused the West of engineering an "artificial default". In a statement Mr Siluanov said: "The freezing of foreign currency accounts of the Bank of Russia and of the Russian government can be regarded as the desire of a number of foreign countries to organise an artificial default that has no real economic grounds." He insisted "claims that Russia cannot fulfil its sovereign debt obligations are untrue", adding that it had the necessary funds to meet its obligations. 