Charlie Watts, served as the Rolling Stones drummer for over 50 years before his death at the age of 80 last year. His bandmate Keith Richards, 78, has admitted he is still "recovering" from his death, detailing the time of his life to be a "real blow" for the band. Charlie was the drummer in the Rolling Stones from 1963 until his death in 2021. His bandmate Keith has spoken in a new interview about the impact his death had, with it still being a constant "recovering" process. He told The Sun: "I'm still sort of recovering. "Charlie keeps cropping up and all that comes to the forefront of my mind is that cheeky little smile that I loved to get out of him. READ MORE: 'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase "Yeah, man, it was a real blow but at the same time, things have to move on. "His replacement Steve Jordan is something else as well." Keith also discussed the impact of Charlie's death in a recent interview with CBS News. He said: "It came as a surprise to me, absolutely. "I think he had been trying to keep it under the wraps for a while last year so it was quite a shock. "He [had] had a round with cancer a year or two before and he beat that one." Keith continued: "He just got given a double whammy. Bless his soul." (sic) Charlie had pulled out of tour dates due to illness and was confirmed dead on August 24 by his publicist Bernard Doherty. DON'T MISS... ‘Extraordinary to witness’ Amanda Holden reports from Ukraine border [LATEST] Joe Wicks opens up about 'losing his patience' as he praises his wife [FAMILY] James Martin hits back at claims of ‘backstabbers’ amid celeb chefs [COMMENT] The statement read:"It is with immense sadness that we announce the death of our beloved Charlie Watts. "He passed away peacefully in a London hospital earlier today surrounded by his family. "We kindly request that the privacy of his family, band members and close friends is respected at this difficult time." Tributes flooded in at the time to pay their respects to the legendary drummer. Paul McCartney penned: "A rock. A fantastic drummer. Steady as a rock. Love you Charlie. Always loved you. "A beautiful man, and great condolences and sympathies to his family." Brian Wilson, the leader of the Beach Boys said: "I don't know what to say, I feel terrible for Charlie's family. "Charlie was a great drummer and I loved the Stones' music, they made great records." In the upcoming tour Charlie's place will be filled by Steve Jordan on drums, with Keith admitting that "if we want to carry on recording, we're gonna need drums".