Roy Keane welcomed Cristiano Ronaldo back to the Manchester United side against Tottenham in typical fashion. Ronaldo was named in the United starting XI for the visit of Antonio Conte's side on Saturday. The Portugal superstar missed last weekend's Manchester derby due to a hip flexor injury. At the time Ronaldo's absence was announced last Sunday, Keane questioned the legitimacy of his injury. It was later revealed that the 37-year-old forward was not in the country for the 4-1 defeat at the Etihad and had instead flown home to Portugal. Ronaldo returned to training this week and was fit to start the vital match against Spurs. He proved Ralf Rangnick write to pick him, scoring a stunning long-range effort in the 13th minute to put United ahead.  Ahead of the game, Keane was asked about the importance of his former team-mate's return to fitness. But the Irishman couldn't help throwing a cheeky jibe at Ronaldo. "Well I'm glad he's recovered, obviously a few days in Portugal has done the trick for his injury problems, hip flexor," Keane said on Sky Sports. "But it's good to see him back, listen he's a quality player whatever is going on in the background, whether he didn't want to be sitting on the bench or whatever. "He's starting, his goals record is fantastic, we can talk about the things he's probably not good at in terms of pressing but you get the balls in the right area and Ronaldo will score. DON'T MISSArsenal could axe 13 players this summer as Mikel Arteta finalises Emirates clear-out [OPINION]Thomas Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest [REPORT]Lionel Messi and Neymar break Pochettino's golden rule he installed at Tottenham [REPORT]  "We saw his quality in the game down at Spurs, the same with Rashford. "But Ronaldo, when he's on that pitch, you always fancy him to score." The Manchester Derby wasn't the first match Ronaldo has missed this season due to a problem with his hip flexor. Keane questioned Ronaldo's absence ahead of the game at the Etihad.  Speaking last Sunday, Keane said: "I think the surprise there is with Ronaldo. I'm never sure when they come up and say it's a hip flexor." When asked if he felt there was more to it, Keane added: "There seems to be. I just don't like it when a manager talks about this hip flexor. I don't get it. "We talk about Ronaldo being almost some sort of machine, is very rarely injured, but every now and again he comes out with that. Hip flexor, it doesn't add up to me." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 