Temperatures will rocket through the next couple of days with the nation set to bask in summer-like warmth on Thursday. Wind and rain will back off after mid-week with high pressure promising bright blue skies and glorious sunny rays. The weather could turn cooler in parts at the weekend thanks to chilly easterly winds arriving from Europe, according to some experts. However, for most, golden sunshine and clear blue skies look set to hold out through the rest of March. James Madden, forecaster for Exacta Weather, said: “The remainder of March will have some very settled and welcomed weather with long periods of spring sunshine for most parts of the country. “This could last between seven and ten days although despite it being settled, temperatures will remain quite suppressed. “Maximum temperatures during the final part of the month will remain around the mid-teens or just above.” Clear skies will push overnight temperatures close to freezing with chilly mornings on the cards, he said. He added: “The more settled weather for the remainder of this month will induce clearer skies in the evenings allowing for the formation of some quite widespread frosts and dense fog at times within the cold evenings.” The mercury will soar through the next 48 hours as a blast of warm air sweeps in from the Continent and the Atlantic Azores Islands. A nationwide divide will bring the highest temperatures to southern and south-eastern parts of the country. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “The peak of the temperatures will be across southern and south-eastern parts of Britain possibly on Thursday. “High pressure will bring warmer air in from the Continent, although this high shifts ahead of the weekend and looks to bring a colder airflow in from an easterly direction.” The Azores high, a huge region of high pressure stretching across the Atlantic  responsible for the warmer conditions, will sink southwards by the weekend pulling in a cooler easterly breeze. Netweather forecaster Jo Farrow said: “By midweek there will be a high pressure over western Russia and the Azores high where it belongs. “The UK will see a frontal band from the Atlantic bringing rain with colder air behind but mild air being drawn up ahead, from the south. “By Thursday the Azores high will have extended over the UK, settling the weather down and then merging with the other high over the Baltic Sea. “It looks to sink a bit further south, over Poland and so the flow of air towards the UK won’t be that cold. And the sunshine in mid-March has a fair bit of warmth in it.” Some weather models reveal the risk of a bitter easterly blast this weekend although forecasters are holding off issuing freeze warnings. Charts also show a bout of wind and rain hitting the nation through the middle of the week, although forecasters are leaning towards cheerier predictions.  John Hammond, meteorologist for weathertrending, said: “High pressure will deliver more prolonged dry conditions after midweek. “Warm sunshine will accentuate the spring feel, but the days will be interspersed by some chilly nights. “We’ve repeatedly seen computer models threatening much colder air from the east at longer ranges. “Chillier air may arrive by next weekend but, as the Continent warms, it’s getting very late in the season for winter to bite back from that direction.” Bookmakers Ladbrokes have slashed the odds to 3/1 on this month going down as the hottest March on record. Spokesman Alex Apati said: "Odds of this month breaking records for all the right reasons are finally heading in the right direction, with Brits soon set to bask in temperatures hotter than Rome." A warm front moving into Britain will bring the risk of heavier showers to parts of the country tonight, according to the Met Office. However, high pressure will build ahead of the weekend bringing sunshine and clear skies. Met Office Meteorologist Alex Deakin said: “There is the threat of showers on Tuesday into Wednesday because of a warm front which may bring some heavier rain in places during Wednesday. “This front will bring some warm air so if we see some sunshine breaking out, we could see 15C or even higher than that in one or two places. “Later in the week, high pressure will move in which will dominate until the end of the week bringing a lot of dry and sunny weather probably into the weekend.”