Below Deck fans tune into the Bravo reality series each week for an entertaining instalment of partying, drama and crazed disagreements. Away from the cameras, the crew members spend time with their loved ones before they head off for another charter. As fans await the release of season seven, Below Deck star Captain Sandy shared a candid family regret.  Taking to Instagram, the beloved Captain Sandy posted a series of photos which included two members of her family. In the caption, she shared: “I wish I could go back to this day and spend more time with them. “Now they are all grown up! I love them so much!” she added. Alongside the young duo in the snaps who were all smiles, it looked as though they had spent time together at the beach. READ MORE:Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? Her fans could also relate to her sentiment and sent the captain some encouraging words. @brannockchrissy shared: “Indeed cherish every moment, Life is short so make the best of each day.” DaniellaMiller2001 resonated: “One day you’re nursing an infant and the next you are trying to separate the mom/friend boundaries to an ADULT child.” The fan continued: “Children whether daughter, son, grandchild, niece or nephew grow up way too fast!” Kmartin358 shared: “Don’t blink, but I’m sure they would still love to spend time with you! Never too late to make more memories!” As @seedqueen2022 advised: “Absolutely cherish every moment. They grow so fast.” @sweettreatsandgoodeatsbyd wrote: “That they do. My son is 26 yrs old, my daughter 11. But they will always be my babies. My heart.” @Jolers added: “We always wish so many things. The best thing is to live in the moment and enjoy the shit out of it, easier said than done.” DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby's tragic diagnosis incorrect? [THEORY]Below Deck’s Captain Glenn Shephard 'slams' guests' small tip [INSIGHT] Below Deck viewers swoon over Daisy and Gary’s Sailing Yacht romance [REACTION] This was a rare insight into Captain Sandy’s personal life as viewers have become well accustomed to seeing her set sail. She shot to fame when she joined the franchise in 2013 to lead the luxurious yacht, its young crew and affluent guests across the Mediterranean sea. With over three decades worth of experience in the boating industry and one of the few female captains, Sandy solidified her position as one of the most respected professionals in the industry. Known for keeping a cool head on the reality show, was able to resolve a number of issues the crew members faced. She opened up about this during an interview with People and revealed: “How I handle it is, I don't care who you sleep with or if you all sleep together, but the minute you come up on deck you better be professional. “I don't want to see that behaviour on deck and do your job. And they do. Most of the time they do their jobs.” Throughout the show, Sandy has also been open about her sexuality and shared that she refused to be labelled, as she has loved both men and women. However, right now, Sandy is with her gospel singer girlfriend, Leah Shafer. Below Deck is available on Bravo in the USA and available on Hayu in the UK. 