With money tight for many people across the UK, finding effective ways to save for retirement is more important than ever. Amy Goodall-Smith, financial advisor and founder of Goodall-Smith Wealth Management, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer a helping hand in suggesting how Britons can put themselves in a strong position to retire how they wish. Ms Goodall-Smith believes that by making the commitment to save monthly, the process of putting money away for retirement just becomes another monthly outgoing like any other bill. She said: “It gives you the discipline of saving that you might not otherwise be motivated to do. “Try each year to increase your monthly saving a little bit, at least in line with inflation. READ MORE: ‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze and £400 per week “If you save monthly, you also benefit from pound cost averaging. What this means is that each month you pay in, you are ‘buying’ in at a different price. “Some months you may catch the market on a low day (which is good) and others on a high day. If you put your money in once a year then you only get one shot each year at the price of the market on that day.” The sooner someone starts saving, the less money they may have to set aside as their investment grows. DON'T MISSPayment warning: Shoppers may have their credit and debit cards declined from Monday [WARNING]Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [ALERT]State pension warning: Pensioners could miss out on almost £500 as 7 changes due in April [WARNING] Ms Goodall-Smith explained how this works and the positive impact investment growth can have. She said: “If you invest £10,000 and get seven percent growth, after a year your money would be worth £10,700, after five years it would be worth £14,025. “You have invested no more money and your investment has grown in value. After 10 years it would be worth £19,671 – nearly double and it still only cost you £10,000. “So if I put £10,000 in my pension at age 20, and it grew at seven percent per year when I retired at 65, 45 years later it would be worth £210,024. “All that growth, just from £10,000, so the longer you can invest for the better. So the earlier you start the cheaper it will be!” Ms Goodall-Smith urged savers to question whether their fund choice suits their risk profile and whether it is actually performing well. She explained: “Many clients are invested in the default fund that was set at outset and have never looked at this, known what it is or reviewed its suitability for their age or needs. “When we are younger, with longer to invest we can take more risk, as the market fluctuations become less relevant over time, as we get nearer our retirement, we may wish to change our risk profile slightly. “However, if you are going into ‘drawdown’ rather than buying an annuity, there is the argument that there is less reason to reduce your risk selection by much as your money is staying invested through retirement, and your timeframe will still be considered long term. “Do you have views on an ethical stance, is this reflected in your fund choice? You can do so much good for the environment through a sustainable and responsible investment strategy.” She also encouraged Britons to utilise their workplace pension to help strengthen their retirement pot. She concluded: “If your employer pays into a pension for you, do they increase their monthly contribution if you do? This is called matching and many employers will mirror your contribution, so increasing your contribution, means they will increase theirs too.