Former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin today revealed that although she is a regular face on TV, her husband David Minchin is banned from appearing at all. After almost 25 years of marriage, the loved-up I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! star has revealed she isn't keen on her other half following in her showbiz footsteps. Speaking on Chris Evans's Virgin Radio Breakfast show, she chuckled at her host's evaluation that seemingly shy and retiring David was "the most handsome man never to be on television". "He's not allowed on telly!" Louise shot back. "I know, because he's too gorgeous!" Chris joked along with her, as she added possessively: "Because I won't let him." "And I won't let him on your behalf!" the radio DJ chimed in. Louise then mischievously quipped: "He's my secret!" READ MORE: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star Banter aside, Louise may well have a good reason to be anxious about her private life, after she was pursued by a stalker. The presenter was hounded so relentlessly with threatening messages that it became a court matter, leading to the man responsible being jailed for two years and eight months. The harassment was also directed at her and David's teenage daughter, Mia, who was threatened with rape. The ex-soldier, Carl Jones - who also has a lifetime ban on contacting singer Nicola Roberts, was prohibited from visiting Louise's Cheshire village or from attending any BBC premises where she might be present. However, the harrowing ordeal left the family "in deep distress", Louise explained in a statement to the court. David shies away from the limelight, but privately works on his investments in the restaurant industry. He formerly invested in the Cheshunt Inns group and then became its finance director, quietly working behind the scenes. The pair had a decidedly non showbiz wedding in a small church in Hampshire back in 1998, with 50 guests attending. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Claudia Winkleman issued health warning by famous mum [UPDATE] Susanna Reid details sons' reaction to men fancying her  [INSIGHT] Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine [LATEST]  Since the nuptials, the pair have rarely appeared in public together, preferring to keep their romance under wraps, so few photos of them circulate online. However, Louise couldn't resist gushing about her husband's good looks on-air this morning. Meanwhile, Louise is not shying away from the celebrity circuit herself, and is showcasing her passion for extreme sports after leaving BBC Breakfast. She recently cycled through Argentina with "the top female endurance athlete in the UK", biking 100 miles per day over an eight day period, sometimes at high altitude. The experience will be included in her forthcoming book, Adventures with Superwomen. The dedicated health and wellness fan also told Chris she is learning how to "free dive", and has an 11-mile swim in Windermere planned soon. She will also be hosting a Breaking Bias panel today in honour of International Women's Day so, while David takes the back seat in public life, Louise's aim is to prove that women are capable of doing it all.