Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, quit royal duties two years ago and moved to the US where they live with their two children – Archie and Lilibet ‘Lili’ Diana. Last March, the couple sat down with US chat show host Oprah Winfrey to make a series of seismic claims about their time as senior royals. In the interview, the couple claimed "concerns and conversations" had been raised by a member of the family about what colour Archie's skin would be. Following his wife’s allegation, Harry said: "That conversation, I am never going to share.” “At the time, it was awkward, I was a bit shocked.” Moreover, they also claimed that a rift had arisen between Harry and Prince Charles, with the Duke claiming that at one point his father had "stopped taking my calls" and had cut him off financially. Harry also claimed his brother was "trapped" within the royal system and lifted the lid on their fraught relationship. The Duke of Sussex said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. “They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” Later, Harry added: “I love William to bits. He’s my brother. “We’ve been through hell together. We have a shared experience, but we were on different paths. READ MORE: Kate and William spark royal frenzy as they honour 'dedicated' Queen “The relationship is space at the moment. And time heals all things, hopefully.” A statement was issued by Buckingham Palace in the aftermath which said the Royal Family was “saddened to learn the full extent of how challenging the last few years have been for Harry and Meghan”. It added that “while some recollections may vary” the issues were “taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately”. The Telegraph’s associate editor Camilla Tominey claims the brothers' relationship has “still not recovered” in the twelve months since the interview hit the small screen. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle’s ‘special treatment’ risked ‘annoying’ other royals [INSIGHT] Prince Charles visits specialist cheese maker [REPORT] Sarah Ferguson follows Meghan’s footsteps with speech on strong women [REVEAL] She wrote: “While Prince Charles is thought to be in regular contact with his youngest son, Harry’s relationship with William has still not recovered from Oprah, after he suggested both his father and his brother felt “trapped” in the Royal Family. She also cited a source as having said: “As the Queen has always said, they remain much-loved members of the family but it’s not been easy. “It’s hard enough for any family to get along but when such intimate details are made public on prime time TV? It’s difficult to put that genie back in the bottle.” Since quitting royal duties in early 2020, Harry has only met with his brother publicly twice. Both brothers were in attendance at the funeral of their grandfather Prince Philip in April last year. Also a few months later, they unveiled a statue of their late mother Princess Diana in Kensington Gardens together. The statue was unveiled on 1 July, on what would have been their late mother’s 60th birthday. William and Harry commissioned the statue in 2017, and it is now set in the Sunken Garden, which was a favourite spot of Diana’s.