CBS’ latest spin-off series took place in Hawaii and the team was led by Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey). After a harrowing episode, it looks as though Jesse Boone (Noah Mills) could find himself in the midst of danger yet again after a worrying promo clip hints at a fatal car crash.  On the most recent episode of NCIS Hawaii titled ‘Pirates’ fans got to see another side of Jesse as his daughter was introduced during a sailing trip. However, the sea turned rocky after the yacht, which also included a handful of other children, was hijacked by pirates who demanded a ransom of a million dollars for each child. Despite the yacht being in the middle of the ocean and having trouble connecting with the team, they were able to track down the yacht and lead the children to safety. While we were able to let out a sigh of relief, it didn't last long as the promo video for the upcoming episode could see Jesse involved in a fatal car crash.  READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing In the 21 second clip, Kate was seen saying: “Two FBI agents were murdered,” to which Kai added: “Including an NCIS agent.” This episode titled ‘Monster’ will likely be a heavy one as Lucy remarks the culprit had been “on the run for years”. With this knowledge, viewers can anticipate the team to be all hands on deck to track down and arrest the wanted fugitive. However, the trailer also hints at the pursuit taking a fatal turn when a car chase turns into a car crash, as a shocked Lucy jumped out of the car and screamed Jesse’s name in the direction of the accident.  On Twitter, fans were also taken aback to see Jesse in danger for another episode and were convinced he might not make it out this time. @GodDBestAvenger wrote: “Jesse in trouble again next week. Goodness gracious alive!” @Lexiesdaisy questioned: “Why is this put Jesse in danger month?!” @Antoine48775572 added: “Jesse just got out of danger and now he might be seriously hurt in the next episode #NCISHawaii.”  DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii's Jesse death 'sealed' after harrowing drowning clue [THEORY] NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [INSIGHT] @ChattGM93 tweeted: “Jesse potentially hurt again next week? He's a certified badass but idk if I can go through it again, especially with a hitman on the loose.” They added: “Promo looked intense! Another edge of your seat episode incoming!! #NCISHawaii.” @aclarkcountry agreed: “Not Lucy screaming Jesse's name again!? OMG! That promo too! Why does primetime TV do this to me all the time? Ugh!” @sourbroon stated: “Oh man, that promo for next week! I do wonder if Lucy's running up a tab with her therapist that Jesse's going to be paying for all the worry he's putting her through.”  At the beginning of the trailer, Jesse tells the team: “Contract killer willing to king anyone,” with this hint viewers may also discover he could have an enemy which he’s kept a secret. This is because the crash looked intentional and personal, also Lucy was there and her vehicle was untouched. Fans will have to stay tuned to see if Jesse will make it out alive. Sadly, NCIS Hawaii has yet to be renewed for a second season, so the future of the show remains uncertain. NCIS Hawaii is available on CBS in the USA. A UK date is yet to be released. 