Ex-Manchester United star Louis Saha has warned the club that they risk repeating a Ralf Rangnick problem by appointing Erik ten Hag this summer. Ten Hag is one of the frontrunners to become United manager at the end of the season, but Saha has described the job as a 'different animal' to Ajax. Rangnick replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at Old Trafford on an interim basis in November but has won just eight of his 18 games as boss. And there have been suggestions that his lack of coaching pedigree and reputation has caused struggles for respect in the dressing room. ESPN even claim that one United player 'had to Google' who the German coach was, indicating the fight he had on his hands to prove his credentials. And Saha fears Ten Hag may suffer the same struggles if he becomes the Red Devils' next permanent manager in July. JUST IN: Chelsea 'contacted' as Saudi consortium joins 10-bid race to buy He told Metro: "He has quality for sure. The Dutch people are very knowledgeable about football. But I'm sorry, it is a different animal. "Ajax is a trampoline for big clubs. They are respected in world football, but they are not in that league. This is not Milan or Real Madrid. "I am sure that most of the players would not know him [Ten Hag]. Managing this club [United] is a different thing. We have seen some big names come in, and they didn't make it. "Jose Mourinho is one of the biggest in world football, he brought results in terms of winning trophies, but we claim it was an unsuccessful spell." READ MORE: Micah Richards responds to 'disrespectful' Roy Keane claim after derby Ten Hag has enjoyed success at Ajax and has particularly impressed many with the club's Champions League exploits during his tenure. But Saha has suggested he would prefer a Champions League-winning coach like Zinedine Zidane to enter the Old Trafford hot seat instead. "I like the idea of Zinedine Zidane because he will get the respect," Saha told FreeBets.com. "The problem is the Premier League is so difficult and so hard to adapt to that even he will struggle a little bit I think. The Premier League is a different thing he has never experienced." It's no understatement that United's next managerial appointment is one of the most significant decisions in the club's history. As emphatically reminded in Sunday's derby demolishing, the Red Devils are slipping further behind rivals, including Manchester City. And whilst Ten Hag would arrive with risks of his own, he is undoubtedly one of the frontrunners for what has proven to be the most pressured job in world football over the last decade. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.