BBC Breakfast presenter Sally Nugent asked Liz Truss what she could share with viewers the latest on British-Iranian Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe who has been in custody in Iran since 2016 after being accused of being a spy. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said talks with Iran about releasing her were moving forward, but he could not say more as negotiations were underway so Nugent hoped Truss would be able to provide an update. However, viewers soon "switched off" after the minister admitted she "could not go into detail".  Nugent explained how negotiations "have been on a knife-edge" and she appreciated the minister might not be able to say an "awful lot", but the presenter continued to probe Truss over the matter. "As I have said I really can't say any more at this stage," Truss repeated. "We understand it is a huge priority for the government to secure the release, I have also been very clear the debt we owe Iran is legitimate and we are seeking ways to pay that."   Truss reiterated the point she "couldn't say any more at this stage" to viewers at home. Nugent, who continued to push for answers, asked: "With sanctions remaining in place in Iran, can the UK hand over that money? How will that work with one of our closest allies?" "I'm afraid I can't go into any details but I have been clear it is a legitimate debt that we do owe Iran and we are looking for ways to pay the debt," Truss exclaimed. A £400 million debt relating to a cancelled order for more than 1,000 tanks bought in the 1970s has been linked to Zaghari-Ratcliffe's detention.  The British-Iranian national believes she has been detained "as leverage" for the debt. She has been accused of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government but has always denied this claim. Zaghari-Ratcliffe has now been given her UK passport back, nearly six years after she was arrested while visiting her family. Nugent continued: "Let's move on as I know that is something you are probably not going to elaborate on." DON'T MISS...Brexit LIVE: Hysterical Remoaner slapped down for belittling Britain [LATEST]Brexit U-turn: UK poised to send EU £15billion as Truss drops Article  [UPDATE]Truss to hit Russia with devastating sanctions TODAY [LATEST] The pair went on to discuss the Prime Minister's visit to the United Arab Emirates for talks on energy with leaders. Truss said: "Putin and what he has done has shattered European security, it's shattered our nations of how safe we are and it's also posed a threat to global security. She said the UK government needs to look at alternative sources of oil and gas to "get Europe off this dependency". However, many viewers lashed out at the minister for failing to answer a host of Nugent's questions.  Carolyne Kershaw tweeted: "Liz Truss on Breakfast TV = time to switch the telly off and go to work." (sic) Suzanne Duncan added: "Let's move on, she's not going to tell us anything. Turning off now #BBCBreakfast." @Nordic Laura fumed: "What a waste of time this interview with Liz Truss is." Honey Bee commented: "Liz Truss: 'I'm afraid I can't go into any details.' Liz Truss: 'I can't say any more at this stage.' Bye then. #BBCBreakfast." BBC Breakfast continues weekdays between 6am and 9.15am on BBC One. 