Jack Pearson (played by Milo Ventimiglia) and the Pearson family have been emotionally entertaining fans in the NBC show This Is Us for years. The concluding chapter is just weeks away and for any fans wondering how they will fill the Ventimiglia shaped hole in their schedule, he is set to appear in the pilot of a new ABC police show. Season six of This Is Us is wrapping in May this year, with many storylines still to be resolved. However, it appears that the family man actor is already working on his next project. The 44-year-old has signed up to work on a new ABC drama called The Company You Keep. Showcasing his full array of skills, he will not only be starring in the hour-long pilot, but he will also be working on the show as an executive producer. Read More: Dad’s Army star speaks out on John Le Mesurier heartbreak 'Felt sorry for him' The new series will focus on con man Charlie (Ventimiglia) as he falls for undercover CIA officer Emma (casting yet to be revealed). The plot is said to follow the Korean format of the hit show My Fellow Citizens. Onlookers will see the con man who falls for Emma after a night of passion, with their lives becoming entangled and endangered. He wants to leave his crooked life and attempts to ramp up the family business so he can go for good.  All while the female undercover cop closes in on the criminal who is holding Charlie and his family debts in hand. Not much else is known about the show, but with the star earning three consecutive Emmy nominations for best actor for This Is Us, the pilot will hopefully be a success. Ventimiglia isn't the only well-known name already linked to the show. Julie Cohen is joining the project as a writer and executive producer. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty? [SPOILERS]Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian in a relationship with? [LATEST]‘Hated it’ A Place in the Sun’s Craig Rowe shut down by buyer who halted search [LATEST] Cohen recently co-created HBO Max's new Degrassi series and has worked on other hit shows such as Riverdale, The Royals and Legion. Ventimiglia has been a staple to US television for several years, with his fame growing as he appeared in shows such as Heroes and Gilmore Girls. With more details of the show sure to be announced in the coming months, fans still have plenty of time to absorb the actor as This Is Us doesn't end until May 24 this year. Six episodes of the final instalment have so far been aired with some big bombshells shocking the cast's storylines have landed.  What fans do know is that Kate (Chrissy Metz) and Toby (Chris Sullivan) don't end up together with several flash-forwards, revealing that the pair part ways. The heart of the show Rebecca Pearson (Mandy Moore) deteriorates with her Alzheimers, leaving her presumably on her deathbed with a scene at the cabin showing her family all around her. Much to the viewers' delight, they see Beth Pearson (Susan Kelechi Watson) fulfilling her dreams and working at a well-established dance studio. There is still lots to be ironed out, such as Déjà Pearson's (Lyric Ross) questionable education choices, and whether or not Kevin Pearson (Justin Hartley) will ever find true love. This is Us season 6 airs on Tuesdays on NBC and fans in the UK can watch via Disney Plus or Prime Video 