Following the one year suspension of the triple lock, the new and basic rate of the state pension is set to increase in line with the September 2021 Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation. The triple lock is a Government promise to raise the state pension by average earnings, inflation or by 2.5 percent; whichever is highest. Due to the furlough scheme artificially inflating wages during the pandemic, the Government opted to temporarily scrap the link to average earnings to save money. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has previously said the freeze of the triple lock will last only for a year and the link to average earnings will be reintroduced at a later date. After the Bank of England announced the rate of CPI inflation will go up by 3.1 percent, the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) announced the latest rate rise. As a result, the basic state pension will go up to £141.85 per week and the full rate of the new state pension will rise to £185.15. Despite the state pension going up, many financial experts are warning that this increase will “feel like a cut” in comparison to rate hikes in previous years. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Specifically, inflation will affect the price of everyday items and utilities which pensioners rely on and could see them spending way more than they otherwise would. Furthermore, outside of inflation, energy bills are expected to rise by £693 a year for households which will be a further financial complication for people. Therefore, pensioners will experience a “double whammy” of soaring energy bills and crippling inflation on their retirement pots. Tom Selby, the head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, outlined by just how much the state pension will be raised by.  Mr Selby explained: “The Government chose to suspend the triple lock last year, which in theory would have seen the state pension increase by around eight percent in line with earnings. “The state pension will instead rise by 3.1 percent, in line with September’s CPI figure. “As a result, the basic state pension will increase from £137.60 per week to £141.85 per week in April, and the new state pension will increase from £179.60 per week to £185.15 per week.” The financial expert emphasised that any rise in the state pension rate is welcome but must be contextualised in a wider economic context. Mr Selby said: “While an increase in the value of the state pension is better than nothing, with inflation running hot, this is going to mean pensioners feeling the pinch. “If inflation hits seven percent in April, this means that the increase in the new state pension from £179.60 to £185.15 will actually feel like a cut to £173.04. “The higher level of inflation we’re now seeing should then find its way into the state pension increase in April 2023, but that still leaves a tough year ahead for pensioners, many of whom will also be facing higher energy bills and council tax payments too.” Last month, Mr Selby elaborated on how pensioners will likely be impacted on a daily basis by the hike in inflation. He added: “Even those in receipt of the state pension will not be immune to price rises – despite in theory having their income protected against inflation. “The basic and flat-rate state pensions are set to increase in line with September’s inflation figure, which stood at just 3.1 percent. “If inflation runs hot throughout 2022 then in real terms that 3.1 percent increase is going to feel like a cut.”