Images from Broadway Shopping Centre in Bexleyheath show a police cordon in place. London's Met Police said it was called to reports of a bomb threat at 10:37am on Tuesday.   The shopping centre in Albion Road has been evacuated as a precaution, according to the force. A spokeswoman for the Met Police said: "Officers are currently in attendance and the incident is ongoing. This incident is not being treated as terror related." Police have not made any arrests. Enquiries continue. The venue has apologised for any inconvenience as officers deal with the situation.    In a tweet at 12.07pm on Tuesday, centre staff told shoppers the retail hub had been evacuated and was closed. The centre is considered the largest covered shopping venue in the London borough of Bexley and is in the middle of Bexleyheath. A large part of the town centre has been taped off with shops ordered to shut by the police. One shopkeeper from a mobile phone repair shop near the centre said the police ordered him to close his store at about 11am and it has remained closed ever since.  READ MORE ABOUT A FARMER SHOOTING A DOG IN FRONT OF ITS OWNER   Bala Visva, operations manager at Alli Bhavan supermarket opposite the venue, estimated that about 500 people were evacuated. He said his store was also closed by the threat, but speculated that it was probably a hoax or a bag left unattended. Two fire engines from stations in east Greenwich and Orpington with about 10 firefighters have been called in to help the police. London Ambulance Service has confirmed that no one at the centre required any treatment.  DON'T MISS: Binmen strikes hit highest level in 40 years [REVEALED] Woman screams in horror inside van in suspected ‘kidnapping’ [LATEST] Express readers reject Gove's £350 refugee scheme [POLL] The borough council tweeted: "The Broadway Centre, Bexleyheath, surrounding pedestrian areas and shops have been evacuated and are currently closed. Local police are in attendance. Please avoid the area as there are likely to be delays." One Twitter user said: "Another exciting day in the life and times of Bexleyheath." Another chimed in: "I’d avoid the area. All shops currently shut and buses are up the wall."