The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) has announced that athletes from Russia and Belarus will be allowed to compete at the 2022 Beijing Winter Paralympics. However, they will be 'neutrals', excluded from the medals table and competing under the Paralympic flag as part of strict conditions. Amid Russia's attack on Ukraine over the past week, there were calls for Russian and Belarusian athletes to be banned from the Games, which begin on Friday and end on March 13. In response to the invasion, governing bodies across several sports have sanctioned Russia by excluding athletes, banning the flag and cancelling major events like the UEFA Champions League final in St. Petersburg. But they have been granted permission to compete this month, albeit under strict conditions that IPC President Andrew Parsons has labelled the 'harshest possible punishment'. An IPC statement read: "The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) Governing Board met on Wednesday (March 2) to discuss how the breach of the Olympic Truce by the Russian and Belarus governments is impacting the Paralympic Games and the wider Paralympic Movement. JUST IN: Chelsea: Who is Hansjorg Wyss? Will Swiss billionaire buy club? "The IPC Board expressed its concerns and sympathies for Ukrainian athletes and citizens alike and shared its delight that the full delegation of the Ukrainian Paralympic Team arrived safely in Beijing earlier today. "The Board was also united in its condemnation of the governments of Russia and Belarus for breaching the UN resolution in the week leading up to the opening of the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games. "The Board was also in agreement that the breach of the Truce could not go unpunished. "In deciding what action to take, the Board was guided by the IPC's core principles, which include a commitment to political neutrality and impartiality and an unwavering belief in the transformative power of sport. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel erupts at reporter over Abramovich question  "These are key components of the new IPC Constitution that were approved at the 2021 IPC General Assembly held just over three months ago. "The Board also needed to work within the framework of the IPC Handbook, the rules and regulations that govern the Paralympic Movement, and which are approved by the IPC membership. "In that respect, it is currently not a membership obligation for an IPC member to ensure compliance with the Olympic Truce. Within the parameters of the IPC Handbook, the IPC has taken the strongest possible actions." Those actions include the athletes in question competing as neutral athletes/support personnel competing under the Paralympic flag and anthem. The RPC and Belarus delegations must also cover their respective symbol from all uniforms for official ceremonies and sporting competitions, and athletes won't be included in the medals table. The IPC's decision to let athletes represent Russia and Belarus at the 2022 Paralympics has primarily been met by criticism. 'Poor decision', 'not good enough', and calls for other nations to refuse to compete against them were amongst the responses to posting the statement on Twitter. Some disappointed fans even claimed it had squashed their excitement for the Games to begin later this week. 