The call comes after the Daily Express chronicled the plight of heartbroken families unable to see elderly loved ones during lockdown. Many recently told their stories in Parliament, moving MPs to tears. Today, on the National Day of Reflection exactly two years since the first national lockdown was imposed, campaigners are urging the Government to keep care homes open. In a letter to Downing Street, Labour grandee Harriet Harman, chair of the Joint Committee on Human Rights, said: "Individual care homes are able to decide which rules to follow, because compliance with the guidance is not mandatory. "Indeed, we have seen reports that care homes are applying restrictions inconsistently. "Ruthie Henshall, ambassador for Rights For Residents, recently told this committee, 'Because the guidance is not law, it has become interpreted by each care home, and it is a postcode lottery as to where you live and whether you get even a half hour visit.' "This committee has repeatedly called on the Government to ensure compliance with the visiting guidance by placing it on a statutory footing. We would be grateful if you could set out how the Government is monitoring compliance, and whether you will now reconsider placing the guidance on a statutory footing." She has given Boris Johnson until March 31 to respond. I CO-CHAIRED a cross-party meeting with Labour MP Dan Carden on rights for residents in care homes. This followed two years of guidance regarding Covid that has meant residents have been unable to see, hug, hold, or spend time with loved ones. This has also affected the parents of children who are physically disabled, or have severe learning difficulties, and are in supported accommodation. Also, those with dementia living in the community, who have been unable to have someone with them at hospital appointments. The meeting was not a rant against care home providers, who all recognised were put in a difficult position when Covid was ripping through society. In fact, everyone understood the first lockdown and the restrictions imposed. But it was when the guidance became a bit more discretionary and so with it did the interpretation. I made a confession to the campaign groups we saw that while I agreed with the need for a right to see loved ones, I wasn't 100 per cent sold on the necessity for it to be enshrined in law. It took about 35 minutes for me to be convinced. Doing so removes any discretionary interpretation and enables the loved ones of residents to be able to see them. The stories we heard were traumatic. In my 11 and a bit years of being an MP there have been very few meetings like it. I will continue to work with Dan and other colleagues from across the House to enhance the rights of those who live in a care setting.