The Royal Family and other invitees will next week attend a Service of Thanksgiving to mark the life of Prince Philip, who died in April 2021 at the age of 99. At the time of his funeral, only 30 guests were permitted to attend due to lockdown restrictions. Now restrictions have been lifted, the event provides the opportunity for many others who knew and loved Philip to commemorate his incredible legacy. The service will "give thanks for the Duke of Edinburgh's dedication to family, Nation and Commonwealth and recognise the importance of his legacy in creating opportunities for young people, promoting environmental stewardship and conservation, and supporting the Armed Forces." The memorial, which will feature “reading and music close to the Duke’s heart”, is expected to be attended by hundreds of people. With just a week to go before the poignant memorial, Express.co.uk unveils everything we know about the event - from what time it starts and how to watch, to who is on the guest list. READ MORE: Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ The Service of Thanksgiving will be held on Tuesday, March 29, at Westminster Abbey. The memorial was announced by Buckingham Palace last December, in a statement which read: “The Queen has agreed that a Service of Thanksgiving for the life of His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh will take place in the spring of 2022 at Westminster Abbey.” The service will be broadcast on BBC One, with coverage beginning at 10.30am, and the programme will run for an hour and 45 minutes. Members of the Royal Family - including Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince Edward the Countess of Wessex - will attend the memorial along with other foreign royals. Prince Andrew is also expected to attend the event. Additionally, the Duke's "wider family and friends" will attend the strictly invitation-only event, as well as more than 500 representatives of Philip's patronages and charities. Other guests will include representatives from the UK Government, the armed forces and the devolved administrations, realm High Commissioners, and representatives of overseas territories. Members of the Queen and the late Duke's household, representatives from the Duke's regimental affiliations in the UK and the Commonwealth, as well as the clergy and other faiths, are also on the guest list. The vast list of attendees aims to reflect "the breadth of causes and charitable interests championed by His Royal Highness, and as a tribute to those who continue his work." Prince Philip's memorial service promises to be as poignant as his funeral last April, which saw millions tune in on TV to pay their respects to the Royal Family's beloved patriarch. The Queen and Prince Philip were married for more than seven decades, and his death came just two months before he would have celebrated his 100th birthday. The nation was moved by pictures of the Queen sitting alone during the Duke's funeral service in St George's Chapel in Windsor due to Covid restrictions at the time. The upcoming Service of Thanksgiving was announced by Buckingham Palace late last year, and it is hoped the service will allow as many people as possible to commemorate the Duke's incredible legacy.