Chelsea shirt sponsors Three have suspended their partnership with the west London club after owner Roman Abramovich was hit with government sanctions on Thursday. The development has thrust the Blues' short-term future into uncertainty, with emergency government talks scheduled to try and find a resolution. Russian President Vladimir Putin's military assault on neighbouring Ukraine rages on, forcing millions to flee the country and prompting widespread condemnation from the sporting world. As the UK government continues to retaliate with sanctions, including on wealthy Russian oligarchs, Abramovich announced his intention to sell the club earlier this month. But with his assets now frozen, he will no longer be able to make money from a prospective sale, which has plunged the club's financial future into doubt. Chelsea are no longer allowed to sell future match tickets, sign new players, offer new contracts or open the club merchandise shop while the sanctions are in place. JUST IN: Chelsea news LIVE: Premier League make statement as Roman Abramovich sanctioned  What lays on the horizon remains unclear, but they were struck with another massive blow on Thursday when shirt sponsors Three suspended their partnership with the club. A statement from Three read: "In light of the government's recently announced sanctions, we have requested Chelsea Football Club temporarily suspend our sponsorship of the club, including removal of our brand from shirts and around the stadium until further notice.  "We recognise that this decision will impact the many Chelsea fans who follow their team passionately. "However, we feel that given the circumstances, and the Government sanction that is in place, it is the right thing to do. READ MORE: PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi 'screamed in dressing room' after Real Madrid defeat  "As a mobile network, the best way we can support the people of Ukraine is to ensure refugees arriving in the UK from the conflict and customers currently in Ukraine can stay connected to the people who matter to them. "Therefore, we are offering connectivity packages to all Ukrainians arriving in the UK, and those in Ukraine." At present, the Blues have been issued a special license by the government which will allow fixtures to be played, staff to be paid and existing ticket-holders to attend matches. According to The Times, however, Chelsea are set to hold talks with the government on Thursday in a bid to secure amendments to the license.  The club remain concerned that restrictions on ticket and merchandise sales will set them on a path towards financial ruin. The BBC claim that Chelsea could have a way out of the situation if Abramovich agrees to sell the club without making any money. Thomas Tuchel and co are due back in action on Thursday evening when they travel to face Norwich City, presumably wearing trademark blue shirts without their usual shirt sponsor. Fans fear the worst unless a speedy resolution can be found, with key first-team stars Antonio Rudiger, Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen all into the final few months of their contracts and unable to be tied down to new ones under the club's current circumstances. 