Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick is hopeful Bruno Fernandes will be back in contention to face Atletico Madrid on Tuesday after being ruled out to face Tottenham on Saturday. The Portugal international was unavailable for selection against Spurs after falling ill on Friday. There were mixed reports that a Covid outbreak had hit Carrington, but Rangnick appeared to confirm that Fernandes' absence wasn't related to any positive coronavirus test. But United face a quick turnaround after the game against Tottenham as they host Atletico little over 72 hours later. Rangnick confirmed Fernandes' illness before the game against Spurs, but he is hopeful the midfielder can come back to face Atletico. "Bruno got ill yesterday, he couldn’t train and he cannot play, hopefully he’ll be back for Tuesday but today he is out," Rangnick told MUTV. David de Gea looked set to miss out against Tottenham after he returned a positive Covid test on Friday. But it was later confirmed that it was a false positive, meaning De Gea was fine to face Antonio Conte's side. "We had a false positive test on David last night but we decided to have a second test," Rangnick added. "That was negative, then a PCR was negative and that’s why we can play him." United sit above Tottenham in the Premier League table ahead of kick-off on Saturday. But Conte's side hold two games in hand with Rangnick's outfit winning just two of their previous six league matches. Arsenal still hold the advantage to clinch the final Champions League spot as they have 13 games left to play this season. They also hold a better goal difference to those clubs around them with Ragnick accepting the Gunners are the frontrunners to finish inside the top four.  "They seem to be in the best possible position but there are still 10 games to play," he said. "We are fully aware we have to look after ourselves and not drop any more points."  United's game against Atletico in the Champions League will be their last before the international break. The two sides drew 1-1 in Madrid at the end of last month with Anthony Elanga scoring United's only goal that day. 