After nine explosive episodes, The Gilded Age gave viewers all the glitz and glamour of 19th century Manhattan. The high society battlefield saw an array of cutting looks, polite disdain and social invitations where the men and women would wear their most delicate gowns and suits to impress others and assert their authority. As the first season came to an end and left viewers wanting more from the Russells as they climb their way to the top of society, costume designer Kasia Walicka-Maimone has teased what fans can expect to see from the high flying individuals. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Kasia revealed: "We are working on it right now, and I think that the fun of it is, we learned the period from the first one. "We know the period really well, and it is always a learning process, so I feel like we are taking it to a whole other dimension this season. "I don't want to spoil anything, but I think that it is such a pleasure to be able to see the period and the learning process just to be able to see more. "You just notice more details, and we are exploring some more shapes and details and gestures from the period that we didn't before, so we know the second season is going to be super fun!" READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith During the first season, the Russells' climb to the top of society wasn't an easy task, as they endured threats to their reputation and accusations of manslaughter. The family had been snubbed all over the town, even down to their doorstep, with society's trust in them beginning to waver. Marital duo George (played by Morgan Spector) and Bertha Russell (Carrie Coon) used their wit to nestle their way into a position they thought themselves worthy of. In the finale, fans were exposed to a major revelation about the Russells’ French chef Monsieur Baudin (Douglas Sills). Whilst they all loved "Monsieur", it was revealed he was not French at all and was a man named Borden from Wichita. Season two could be set to feature more scheming from Mrs Russell as she attempts to cement her place in the city’s social order. The latest adventures of the society will also have to answer for Peggy Scott (Denee Benton), who concluded the first season in search of her abducted child. Other questions that season two will have to answer for is whether Marian (Louisa Jacobson) will recover from Mr Raikes' (Thomas Cocquerel) rejection. DON'T MISS...The Gilded Age star shares fears for George Russell [INSIGHT]The Gilded Age boss addresses Downton Abbey link for season 2  [LATEST]The Gilded Age dealt major boost ahead of season 2 [WATCH] And will Oscar van Rhijn (Blake Ritson) succeed in tricking the young Gladys Russell (Taissa Farmiga) into marriage to hide his sexuality from society? HBO confirmed The Gilded Age would be returning for another series in February 2022 but haven't revealed a release date. Executive producer Gareth Neame told Radio Times: "The truth is, we're always getting the second season ready long before we know whether it goes ahead or not. "Because, you know, the moment we know we're going ahead, we have to start – the cameras have to start rolling. So you sort of have to prepare. "So we're already underway with ideas for the second season," he revealed. Show bosses have remained tight-lipped over what storylines will appear in the newest season, but director Salli Richardson-Whitfield told Town and Country: "There are all sorts of ideas and dreams [for new storylines]." A new obstacle is likely to arise to threaten the Russells' new position, considering how they value success; a storyline may centre upon Mr Russell's ambitions to build an electrically powered train line. Peggy's search for her long lost child is almost certain to continue, and it's also unlikely that Miss Marian Brook will remain brokenhearted for too long. The Gilded Age is available to watch on streaming service NOW and HBO. All nine episodes of THE GILDED AGE are available to buy across all major digital platforms now and to pre-order on DVD and Blu-ray™