Beth Dutton (played by Kelly Reilly) and Jamie Dutton’s (Wes Bentley) relationship has been plagued with hatred and tension from the very beginning of Yellowstone. It wasn’t until season three of the Paramount Network drama that fans discovered the root of their angst as it was revealed Beth had undergone a hysterectomy after seeking her older brother’s help for a secret abortion. Ever since, the duo have been at each other’s throats, although heading into season five, there’s been a change to how the stars approach the hate-filled moments on screen together. Season five of the Kevin Costner-led drama promises to be one of Jamie and Beth’s most intriguing and hateful yet. Jamie is truly in the palm of Beth and John’s (Kevin Costner) hands after they blackmailed him into killing his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) and photographing him in the act of disposing of the body. Delving into how they approach such hard-hitting and confrontational scenes together, Reilly has now revealed there used to be a lot of apologies behind the scenes. “I remember the first time (in) season one when we all met and we were all sort of introduced to one another and we had the first six scripts and it was very clear that the relationship between Beth and Jamie, and how Beth particularly treats Jamie and what she thinks about him,” she began. READ MORE: Y1883’s Sam Elliott admits Shea told huge lie about his past Reilly continued: “I remember saying to him… because you know, Wes and I have a lot of fun with our scenes and we get on really well and there’s a lot of mutual respect for one another, “But I do remember saying to him, ‘I’ll see you on the other side of this’, and it gets a bit hairy. “Little did I know how insane and how dark and how difficult their relationship was gonna be and already was.” Despite that, she added during a Conversations at Home Q&A with the SAG-AFTRA Foundation: “That’s been one of the most difficult and weirdly enjoyable parts of the show for me, is that dynamic, that relationship - so traumatic and so deeply layered.” Delving into the transformation they’ve undergone as people and as their alter-egos, she went on: “Yeah, we really have gone on a journey together as characters and as actors together.” Explaining how they’ve made a major change to their scenes heading into season five, she revealed: “The joy of having spent so long now working together is that we don’t really talk about the scenes anymore. “At the beginning, we used to talk about the scenes a lot and work out the scene and now we sort of show up and it’s a bit like Gladiators, we’re thrown in a ring and we go at it. “I love that feeling because when I work with Wes… that’s why the ensemble nomination is so touching for me because it really is an ensemble.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Kayce Dutton star shares hidden meaning in Lee visionYellowstone's Kayce Dutton star admits 'anxiety' over series endingYellowstone’s Kevin Costner posts tribute to late co-star Reilly concluded by praising the rest of the cast’s performances, adding: “You just want to bring your A-game for them and I certainly feel like that when I work with Wes because it’s so complicated and so painful. “There’s a lot of apologies that used to happen with Wes but now it’s like f**k it.” While the two may have changed the way they tackle the emotionally-charged Jamie and Beth scenes, it’s certainly taken nothing away from the siblings’ bitter rivalry. And in season five, the ante is only set to go up a notch with John now set to dash Jamie’s hopes of being governor. Beth now has the evidence to put Jamie away after discovering he knew the truth behind the season three assassination attempts. So with that lingering over his head, what lengths will Jamie go too to appease his adoptive sister’s demands? Or will Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) discover the truth and take his own form of justice against Jamie after learning he tried to have his new wife killed? Fans will have to wait until season five arrives to find out for sure. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.