The battle between Xbox Game Pass and PlayStation Now continues to heat up, as Microsoft unveils its new releases for March. Sony recently made Shadow Warrior 3 available on its PlayStation Now service at launch. In response, Microsoft has announced its Xbox Game Pass line-up for March 2022 - and things are shaping up nicely. The headline new release is Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy, which has a March 10 release date on Xbox consoles, Windows PC and on cloud platforms. But before we get to Guardians of the Galaxy, Microsoft is kicking things off with the release of Far: Changing Tides and the cloud version of Microsoft Flight Simulator. Far: Changing Tides is described as an atmospheric adventure set in a post-apocalyptic world. "Embark on a stunning new journey in this atmospheric vehicle adventure set in a beautifully realised, post-apocalyptic world. "As protagonist, Toe, you must navigate the flooded landscape at the helm of a unique ship that upgrades and evolves as you progress on your journey. Solve puzzles, navigate the changing weather and dive to unknown depths in your search for a new home." Next up is Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII, which comes to Game Pass on March 3. The month really gets going on March 10, when Lawn Mowing Simulator, Kentucky Route Zero, Young Souls and Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy join the service. Guardians of the Galaxy sees players take control of the entire squad of Marvel's space-based superheroes. "Fire up Star-Lord’s jet boots for a wild ride across the cosmos in this third-person action-adventure game, a fresh take on Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy. "With the unpredictable Guardians at your side, blast your way from one explosive situation to another, with original and iconic Marvel characters caught in a struggle for the fate of the universe. You got this. Probably." Young Souls, on the other hand, is getting a day one launch on Xbox Game Pass. The ID@Xbox release is a mixture of beat-em-up and RPG action. "Gear up and begin your journey solo or coop to rescue the Professor. Young Souls draws you in with not only its stunning art direction, clever beat ’em up gameplay and RPG mechanics, but also with its sharp writing and incredible universe setting between two worlds you will fall in love with. "Plus, Ultimate members can play with Xbox Touch Controls from their mobile device on day one with cloud gaming!" As a reminder, you can sign up for Xbox Game Pass Ultimate for just £1 for your first month. Xbox Game Pass Ultimate gives subscribers access to all of the Game Pass releases, as well as Games with Gold, which includes online multiplayer.