MasterChef, hosted by Gregg Wallace and John Torode is a BBC One hit. Smith reveals on being asked if she has ever watched the show, said: "No. I spent all my time telling people, 'You can do this.' And they're undoing it. “They're saying, 'No, you'll never be able to do this.’What!” On MasterChef, contestants often serve up menus that include posh purees, delicious “dots” and fancy “foams”. Smith also disagreed with the usage of the high-end kitchen accessories in the famous MasterChef kitchens. The sous vide machines are used to cook food gradually in water so that the cooking progress can be gradual and controlled.  She said: “How could anybody possibly ever want sous vide machine?” “It's...theatre on a plate. These little dots and foams. It's theatre.” Smith revealed that the BBC1 show is intimidating rather than inspiring, she told the Radio Times: “Yes, I would never be a judge on that. They used to ask me but I could never criticise people: my job is to make them feel they can do it.” “Food isn't theatre and to make it into theatre is wrong. It can speak for itself and it's wonderful and it's beautiful and it's art - it's everything. I don't think it needs that kind of embellishment. Our problem is we don't think highly enough of it, and so we think we've got to wrap it up in all kinds of other things.” She added: “We've lost our grip on home cooking. I can see that by the way, kitchen equipment shops are in decline. There are a lot of shortcuts but the main problem is that people are afraid to cook.” The TV Chef has written over 24 cookbooks, and find her rivals’ cookbooks “confusing”. She expressed her disappointment over the ingredients used in the recipes, said: “I think some of them are over-complicated. “Half of them I don't know what the ingredients are. I've never heard of them. Two tablespoons of what? I don't know what they are.” Delia also has a problem with the way the recipes are presented. She said: "There's all colour everywhere and I'm thinking, 'Ooh, I don't want to eat that’." It is a departure from cookery, exploring human nature and how when we take time to reflect, we realise we all matter, we are all unique, and we all play an important part and have our responsibility to the universe. When Elizabeth asked if Delia thinks she’s a good writer now after saying she wasn’t as a teenager, she replied: “I’m not sure. I don’t know. I think what I am good at is communicating. “I think a lot of what I’ve written has been edited out, but I do think I’m single-minded in wanting to reach people. “If I had another life now, I’d like to study literature. And I think that things get overwritten. What I’m trying to say is that communication is trying to reach people. And I think to reach them it’s got to be simple and direct.” On being asked, what would she do if the BBC approached her to work for them again? she said: "I'd say, 'I'll sell you what I'm doing. You can buy it and broadcast it in a five-minute slot'. Why not?”