The 69-year-old despot’s “bloated face and neck” could be potential side effects of prolonged use of steroids, but intelligence sources have also said the Russian President could be suffering from a brain disorder caused by dementia or Parkinson’s disease. Putin’s health conditions have been a talking point over the last few months as a result of his appearance.  The statement comes after experts fear the Covid-19 pandemic scrambled Vladimir Putin’s mental health, sparking the paranoia which led to the invasion of Ukraine. The intelligence community is sharing a growing number of reports about 69-year-old Putin’s “increasingly erratic behaviour”, combined with a bloated appearance in recent footage – and the absurd distance he insists on keeping from visitors to the Kremlin. A security source told the Mail on Sunday: “It is only human sources that can offer you the sort of rich picture that we have of Putin’s psyche. “There has been an identifiable change in his decision-making over the past five years or so.   “Those around him see a marked change in the cogency and clarity of what he says and how he perceives the world around him.” According to the sources close to the Kremlin, senior figures in the Five Eyes intelligence alliance – comprising Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States – believe there is a physiological explanation for the Russian president’s decision to invade Ukraine. British intelligence are now believing a theory that mental deterioration is the consequence of so-called “roid rage”, caused by the prolonged use of steroids. One British intelligence source told the publication they were confident of the reliability of the information on Putin’s health. READ MORE: UK's list of 'probable nuclear targets' unearthed  The source told the publication: “Our intelligence visibility on Russia is just extraordinary. “The difference in the quality of our sources around Putin compared with Xi and China is staggering.” Earlier this month, speaking on BBC Newsnight, Former Foreign Secretary Lord David Owen, gave a warning over the Russian leader's health, claiming he could be on anabolic steroids which can increase a person's aggression. Mr Owen said: “I think his immunity is compromised, either by cortical steroids given him for some other ailment or he is on the steroids you give to people with body lifting and weightlifting. DON'T MISS:Queen may skip Prince Philip’s memorial as fresh health fears loom Princess Charlene reunited with family as she returns to Monaco Putin will invade EU cities if the West fails to intervene “Those steroids, anabolic steroids, are very dangerous because you can get addicted to them, it's very difficult to get off it and it definitely brings out aggression and it really does make a personality change.” The US thinktank The Council For Foreign relations has speculated that, after behaviour and statements that are “off” and “not right,” he is suffering brain fog induced by Long Covid-19. 