Pierre Gasly still holds out hope that he can be the long-term partner to Max Verstappen at Red Bull after talks with the team adviser Helmut Marko. The Dutchman has one of the two seats available with the team locked down until 2028 thanks to his new contract, but the other is set to become available at the end of the coming season. Sergio Perez is the man who currently occupies it, as he enters his second year with the team. Red Bull chose to offer him a one-year extension after he satisfied bosses with his performances in 2021. One race win and a handful of podiums across the season was enough for the Mexican to convince the Red Bull hierarchy that he is the right man for the job. But it left Gasly with a sour taste in his mouth, as he fights for a second shot in that seat alongside Verstappen. His first stint ended abruptly, prematurely and without too much dignity as the Frenchman was replaced halfway through his first season after buckling under the pressure. But since returning to the sister team Gasly's performances have been excellent, winning the 2020 Italian Grand Prix and standing on the podium again last year in Azerbaijan. JUST IN: Christian Horner given food for thought over Max Verstappen partner Results elsewhere have been consistent also, as the Frenchman was a regular fixture within the top seven in 2021 – 12 times over the course of the season. After being overlooked for a Red Bull return despite responding to being dropped about as well as he could, he was aggrieved – understandably, in the eyes of some fans. "I won’t lie, it’s hard to deliver a season like that. And then when I compare myself to those who got the opportunity for a Red Bull seat, it’s disappointing," he said after the dust had settled at the end of last season. "Based on the numbers and results, I have delivered a better performance than anyone else in this team." There will be another chance for Gasly at the end of the current season, as he has the advantage of having an extra year on his contract compared to Perez. DON'T MISS:F1 have Verstappen to 'thank' over Hamilton as Red Bull salary commentMercedes have already made 'big, big upgrades' in responseMax Verstappen admits he has blanked Lewis Hamilton since Abu Dhabi The Frenchman will know that another year of strong results will give him the best possible chance of being promoted again to a team where he can challenge for podiums and race wins more regularly. If that opportunity does not come, he has declared that he is willing to look elsewhere for such an opportunity if Red Bull do not want to give it to him. "Helmut [Marko] has already said it, so it's no secret anymore that after this year I still have one year left on my contract," Gasly told Motorsport.com. "Then it is clear: either we make the step to Red Bull or not. "What happens next, it's way too early to talk about that. I am now focusing on this year, that it goes as well as possible. "But obviously I want to be in a fast car that I can fight for wins with. That's all that matters to me. "I want to win races in Formula 1 and I need a car that allows me to do that. We will discuss it with Helmut when the time is right." Gasly went on to say he has "a lot of confidence" that 2022 can be another year in which he can impress with both his performances and results. "I am very satisfied with the people I have around me now. I am very happy with my engineers, the way we function as a team and the responsibilities I carry within the team," he added. "I must say that I am comfortable in my own skin. I know I'm in for an important year in my career when it comes to taking the next step. "Last year was fantastic and this year I hope to show at least the same, or even more. I want to bring this team as far forward as possible on the grid. That is my personal goal."