White vinegar has earned itself quite a reputation as a multi-purpose, natural cleaning agent around the home. On social media platform TikTok, users have recently been touting its ability to clean floors and bring them up sparkling. Although this hack does work on certain floor types, one expert is warning residents to be cautious before dousing their homes with the natural cleaning agent. In a video shared to TikTok, user @eswariy_1984 shows viewers how to use a combination of multi-purpose cleaner, vinegar and hot water to clean tiled floors. She said after mopping her floor with the solution, it looked "amazing", with the solution having removed "oil and dust". She added it looks "like a mirror and so clean". READ MORE: How to clean a fence: The 3 ingredient solution for a gleaming fence However, Leader Floors project design lead, Marc Husband, is warning people to check the specific care instructions of the material their floor is made from before using vinegar. He explained: "I don’t recommend using vinegar on natural stones such as granite, marble and grout. "It’s also not suitable for waxed or unfinished wood floors, as well as natural carpet fibres such as wool or silk." Using vinegar on marble and other natural stones will damage the appearance. DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes [COMMENT]Inside Lady Louise Windsor’s 120-room Surrey home with Sophie Wessex [REVEALED]DIY homeowner uses clever Dunelm trick to transform stairs for £117 [INSIGHT] Since vinegar is very acidic, it will react with the natural stone and will create dull, white marks or etch marks on the surface. This is also true of countertops made from natural stones. Therefore, it is best to only clean using a pH neutral cleaner when tackling natural stone and marble surfaces. Despite this, Mr Husband points out that there are some flooring types where this hack will work. He said: "Vinegar has become a great alternative to chemical-free cleaners because it is readily available, cheap and safe. "You can use it on almost all other floors, including [some types of] wood, tile, laminate, even synthetic carpet!" If you do have a flooring type where it is safe to use vinegar, you may want to add in some scented floor cleaner to eliminate the smell. Alternatively, if you prefer to use natural products, adding in a few drops of citrus fruit such as lemon or orange can also get rid of vinegar's strong stench.  Why is vinegar good for cleaning? Vinegar is often recommended as a natural cleaning agent due to its high acidity. As it is so acidic, it can counteract build-ups of soap scum, brines and even sticky residue. White vinegar can also act as a disinfectant that can destroy some bacteria and viruses. However, you should be wary when it comes to using vinegar on items such as mirrors, knives, natural stones, washing machines, electronic screens and dishwashers.  Vinegar is often recommended as a natural cleaning agent due to its high acidity. As it is so acidic, it can counteract build-ups of soap scum, brines and even sticky residue. White vinegar can also act as a disinfectant that can destroy some bacteria and viruses. However, you should be wary when it comes to using vinegar on items such as mirrors, knives, natural stones, washing machines, electronic screens and dishwashers.