The crunch 2022 World Cup qualifier between Syria and Jordan was interrupted and ended early after ugly scenes broke out in the stands, with fans rioting by 'throwing stones' at one another in the Saida Municipal Stadium.   Syria led 3-0 as the match entered the final 15 minutes, although the result did not matter for Fajr Ibrahim's men as they had already been knocked out of qualifying after a poor showing in group A of the third round. Lebanon, however, could still qualify with a win as it would have put them level with United Arab Emirates despite their inferior goal difference. The 'Cedars' would have to hope that the UAE lost their two remaining games by a margin of more than six due to goals scored, meaning they would have to beat Syria heavily to have any chance of qualifying. But with their side 3-0 down late into the game and almost definitely ruining their chances of reaching the World Cup in the process, fans halted the game by throwing stones at fans and players alike in ugly scenes. And it appears that match officials simply stopped the game instead of allowing it to run as the World Cup in Qatar continues to undergo more controversy ahead of its commencement in November.  Syria led 3-0 at the break in a shock result, with goals from Alaa Aldeen Al Dali, Mardik Mardikian and Mohammad Al Marmour putting the side ranked 91st in the world in dreamland at half-time. The result stops Lebanon's chance of competing in their first ever World Cup finals. The side have only ever competed in two major tournaments, with their last outing being a 17th-placed finish in the 2019 Asian Cup, alongside a 10th-placed finish in 2000. And their loss in the derby has signalled a tragic end to an admittedly decent qualifying campaign. Lebanon had beaten Syria 3-2 away from home back in October in front of just 2,377 fans at the King Abdullah II stadium in Amman, Jordan to give themselves a boost in qualifying. But that feat was not repeated, and after 43 minutes of added time the referee brought the second half to a halt. The result leaves Qatar, Iran, South Korea, Japan and Saudi Arabia as the only teams to from Asia to have qualified for the main tournament. Qatar qualified as hosts, whilst the other quartet have all finished in the automatic qualification places with ease ahead of the finals in eight months' time. Elsewhere, Brazil and Argentina are the only South American sides to have qualified. And England, Germany, France and Spain amongst others have all booked their place in the Middle East as they look for yet another trophy to add to their cabinets. 