Louise Minchin, 53, quit BBC Breakfast in September but had some kind words for her former colleague Dr Sian Williams who has stepped down from her presenting role on 5 News. The former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! urged her former co-star to continue to "excel". Sian, 57, announced that she would be stepping down from 5 News in the spring. The veteran broadcaster admitted it "felt odd" to be sharing the news on her social media timeline in a candid message on March 10. Taking to Twitter, she penned a farewell message, in view of her 77,400 followers. Sian wrote: "Feels odd to dip into your timeline, but a bit of personal news. After 6+ years, I've decided to leave @5_News n the spring. READ MORE: 'Call me filthy' Ulrika Jonsson says she 'doesn't shower every day' "'l'll continue with #MindMatters & special projects, but with my other hat on, I think I'm needed elsewhere. Thanks to all the lovely @channel5_tv viewers." She was swiftly inundated with messages of support following the announcement. In view of her 250,000 followers, Louise penned: "Good luck Sian, change is a courageous thing and you as always will excel and what you do next xxx." Sian replied: "Thanks Lou, fellow traveller! Let’s embrace it." Others took to social media and reacted to the 5 News' presenter's farewell message. Carolyn Quinn commented: "Sian you will be deeply missed on air but your other work is really valuable - especially now." The Channel 5 newsreader said: "Thanks Quinny." Vincent McAviney remarked: "Sorry to see you go but good luck with all the new opportunities!" DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Frankie Bridge undergoes surgery after discovery in ear[LATEST]Rod Stewart, 77, forced to fix nightmare potholes near his home[VIDEO]Strictly star Neil Jones' career 'change' away from BBC[STRICTLY] Sian previously fronted BBC Breakfast alongside Bill Turnbull but she left the news programme in 2012. Meanwhile, Louise announced her departure from BBC Breakfast last year. She first appeared on the programme in 2001 as a full-time member of the team when the show moved from London to Salford in 2012. Louise confirmed that she would be leaving the corporation after two decades. She said at the time: “It will be this year, 20 years since I first presented this programme. "Since then, I’ve felt part of a huge, enormous BBC Breakfast family, which includes everyone who works here, everyone on the team, and every one of you who watched the programme. “I’ve loved being part of it, but - and there is a but - I have decided that it is time that I stopped setting my alarm for 3:40 - sometimes when I’m feeling very rebellious 3:46 in the morning - and I’m going to be leaving the programme. “It’s not going to be for a while, and just before anything else I wanted to thank everybody who’s watching for your loyalty and support over all these years. I have absolutely loved being part of it. I will really miss it. “But it is time now to stop that alarm early in the morning, and thank you for watching all these years as well.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.