The US Vice President and Transport secretary were slammed for promoting new spending on a bipartisan infrastructure law and the American Rescue Plan. They are designed to transition the US towards zero-emission vehicles, electric buses and creating a national network of electric vehicle chargers  However, Republicans argued that this showed they were “tone dead” by ignoring the current crisis in soaring fuel prices exacerbated by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Rep. Markwayne Mullin, Oklahoma Republican and a member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said it showed the Biden administration was out of touch. He said: “The Biden Administration could not be more tone deaf.” On Twitter Mr Mullin added that Ms Harris and Mr Buttigieg were focusing on the wrong issues given that the energy crisis was making the type of green policies they promoted more impracticable.  He said: “Vice President Kamala Harris and DOT Secretary Pete Buttigieg spent the afternoon promoting electric vehicles and Green New Deal policies. “Are you kidding me?” Republicans argue that the Biden administration has embraced green policies that have made the US less energy independent. They argue that the administration needs to focus on doing what it can to tackle the rising fuel prices which are having a negative impact on Americans. READ MORE: Russians disclose General’s death as comms broken by OWN army  As well as an oil producer the US usually imports tens of millions of barrels of crude oil from Russia every month. It comes as the Biden administration announced a ban on the importation of Russian oil. Conservative commentator Tomi Lahren said Tuesday on Fox Nation that Ms Harris and Mr Buttigieg were “both tone-deaf, and they both don’t want to face the music.” Ms Lahren went on to argue that an energy crisis was not the time for green policies. DON'T MISS:  Putin is rattled! Dream of 'lightning war' turning into 'nightmare' [REVEAL] 30 Putin helicopters blown to smithereens [INSIGHT] Russian whistleblower warns Ukraine invasion will be a 'total failure' [SPOTLIGHT]  She said: “They think this repeated talking point of green jobs and green energy is going to do the trick, but it simply will not. “Right now, the world is in crisis, we have an energy crisis, and if we can make it here at home, which we can, that is absolutely what we should be doing.” 