High blood pressure details the long-term force of blood against your artery walls that is high enough to cause health problems. These can vary from heart attacks to strokes - both considered serious medical emergencies. That’s why it’s important to keep your levels in check to avoid further problems. From mental health to memory, “there are lots of benefits other than feeling less sleepy”, Dr Zoe shared on ITV’s This Morning. She continued: “People who nap tend to feel slightly higher in mood and react less to stress and anxiety. “If you’ve got a big public event coming up, you’re public speaking…having a nap beforehand can make you feel less anxious." However, these are not all the benefits of napping as physical health could be also aided by dozing off during the day. READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine: Musculoskeletal tissue and nervous system disorders reported in document The doctor explained that having a nap “lowers” blood pressure and heart rate. While diet and exercise are the obvious helpers when it comes to lowering your hypertension levels, naps are also research-backed. A study presented at the American College of Cardiology's 68th Annual Scientific Session shared that people who enjoyed a midday snooze were “more likely to have a noticeable drop in blood pressure” compared with those who didn't nap. The study reported that naps were “associated” with an average 5 millimetres of mercury (mmHg) drop in blood pressure.  What’s more, the researchers explained that this decrease is what “would be expected from other known blood pressure-lowering interventions”. They concluded that for every 60 minutes of napping during the day, 24-hour average systolic blood pressure decreased by 3 mmHg. In case you’re not aware, blood pressure is measured with two numbers - systolic pressure (the higher number) and diastolic pressure (the lower one). Manolis Kallistratos, one of the study's co-authors, said: "These findings are important because a drop in blood pressure as small as 2 mmHg can reduce the risk of cardiovascular events such as heart attack by up to 10 percent.” Plus, the reduction between 3 to 5 mmHg equates to cutting back on salt or alcohol. However, the study also shared that further research is needed to validate their findings as other factors like Mediterranean diet followed by the subjects could also play a role. Although naps can help with plenty of problems, Dr Zoe explains some people, including insomniacs, shouldn’t follow this practice. She also warned that older people should keep their naps “short” because longer regular naps in older age have been “associated with inflammation, depression, heart disease and type 2 diabetes”. Naps are “not necessarily causing it but there’s association”, Dr Zoe noted. The doctor explained that napping should be thought of as “a skill” that needs some practice. From the environment where you nap to the length of your snooze, there are different things to consider. Dr Zoe shared you can also opt for “a full sleep cycle” that’s achieved with a 90-minute sleep or a power nap. She said: “90 minutes is the perfect nap but most people don’t have the luxury. “So the power nap, the mini nap, the perfect time for that is 10 to 20 minutes.” And the ideal time to have your sleepy break is six to eight hours after you woke up in the morning.