Stefan Weichert, a journalist at Ekstra Bladet, said that from his experiences of Ukraine over the past month, locals have said they are “stunned and surprised” by the lack of efficiency of the Russian military. He added that their failings, as well as the strength of Ukrainian resistance, had left both civilians and military feeling confident of victory. Speaking to GB News, the journalist said: “The people that I’m speaking to in Ukraine are saying they are stunned and surprised by the lack of efficiency in the Russian military. “It’s people who have a very high morale and think they are winning. That’s also what you’re seeing in opinion polls across Ukraine. “There is a strong belief among Ukrainians, among both civilians and military, that they are able to defend their country and in the end, they are going to win this war. But he went on to say that fighting around the capital of Kyiv has persisted despite the Kremlin’s promises to withdraw troops earlier in the week, with more explosions heard in the area. Reports suggest that increasing numbers of Russian troops have defected to the Ukrainian side or have refused to carry out orders. Intelligence shared with British spy agencies showed that Russian soldiers had been accidentally shooting down their own aircraft and even deliberately sabotaging their equipment. Around 15,000 Russian troops have died during the invasion of Ukraine, according to figures released by NATO, though Ukraine has claimed that the number of deaths is closer to 17,500. Weichert said he believed around 20 percent of Russian forces stationed near Kyiv had been repositioned in the eastern region of Donbass, closer to their homeland. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Boris considering daring Mariupol rescue mission [LIVE] In other developments, Sir Jeremy Fleming, the director of GCHQ suggested that Russian President Vladimir Putin had been fed lies by his generals regarding the capabilities of his armed forces. Speaking at the Australian National University in Canberra, Sir Jeremy said that Putin had “overestimated” his military’s capacity and the reality of the situation was now dawning on him. He added that Russian soldiers appear to be “short of weapons and morale”, with Putin’s generals “afraid to tell him the truth” about the situation. Officials in Washington said that Putin “didn’t even know his military was using and losing conscripts . . . showing a clear breakdown in the flow of accurate information”. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliation as Russian troops are ‘switching sides’ to join [INSIGHT] Kadyrov brags about Ukraine conflict but online post put him in Russia [REVEAL] Horror as Putin's troops using banned 'jumping' landmines [INSIGHT] In an address late last night, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky described the Kremlin’s promise to move Russian troops from Kyiv and Chernihiv as a “turning point”. But, he added: "There are also other words about the alleged withdrawal of Russian troops from Kyiv and Chernihiv. About the alleged reduction of activity of occupiers in these directions. "We know that this is not a withdrawal, but the consequences of exile. Consequences of the work of our defenders.” He finished with a message of condolence to the families of those who have already lost loved ones during the war, saying: "Eternal memory to all who died for Ukraine! Eternal glory to all our heroes! Glory to Ukraine!"