Brentford star Ivan Toney has been caught mocking this employers once more on social media after a video emerged of the Northampton-born star describing the club as 'nowhere exciting'.  Toney, 26, has been in stellar form since joining the Bees in 2020 for a fee of around £10million. He propelled them into top-flight ecstasy last season with 31 goals in 45 Championship games for the west London club, setting a then-division record prior to Alexander Mitrovic's efforts this campaign. He has carried on in a similar vein this season, scoring 11 in 24 goals as Thomas Frank's side continue to defy the odds. However, Toney's reputation amongst the Bees' faithful took a hit earlier this year after a video emerged of him saying 'f**k Brentford', with the club investigating the matter at the time. And his reputation may have been further damaged after a random interview surfaced on Saturday morning, saying that the club are 'nowhere exciting'. "What do you do?", a member of the public asks Toney whilst the star sits in his car. "I'm a professional footballer," the Northampton-born star replied. "You're a footballer? What is your name?" the interviewer asks, after originally asking Toney a question relating to cryptocurrency. And upon giving them the answer, he said that the club he played for was "nowhere exciting." The video comes after footage emerged in late January of the star in Dubai, saying 'f**k Brentford'. The former Newcastle star travelled to the middle east with team-mate Bryan Mbeumo, with the pair taking time off from football in the winter break. However, his outburst of expletives left some Brentford fans dismayed. Toney has scored five goals in his last two Premier League games to give the Bees following a run of just one point in eight games prior.  Toney nabbed a hat-trick against Norwich to give the Bees an elusive win, before a late double against Burnley saw the west Londoners hit 30 points. And he could add to that tally in the fixture against Leicester on Sunday. 