Ms Siddiq shared a picture of Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe on her way home earlier today after six years of imprisonment in Iran. The MP for Hampstead and Kilburn tweeted: "It's been 6 long years - and I can't believe I can FINALLY share this photo. "Nazanin is now in the air flying away from 6 years of hell in Iran. "My heart goes out to Gabriella and Richard, as her long journey back home to them gets closer by the minute." Speaking to broadcasters alongside seven-year-old daughter Gabriella, who was with her mother when she was detained in 2016, Mr Ratcliffe said his wife had asked him to make her a cup of tea when she arrived back in Britain. He said: "There will probably be a couple of days peace and quiet somewhere else, and then back here. "The first thing she wanted was for me to make her a cup of tea, so we will do (that). "I think actually we were looking at the house and it needs a bit of tidying, so there might be a bit of tidying, perhaps directed by mummy when she comes back." Mr Ratcliffe has been campaigning tirelessly for his wife's release for the past six years. Penny Madden, the lawyer who represents Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's husband Richard Ratcliffe, said the news was an "enormous relief" for her family. The 43-year-old charity worker from Hampstead, northwest London, was taking her baby daughter to visit family in Iran in 2016 when she was arrested at the airport in Tehran and sentenced to five years in jail. She was accused of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government, which she denied. She spent four years in Evin Prison and the final year of her sentence under house arrest at her parent's house. The British-Iranian woman will be reunited with her husband Richard Ratcliffe, who has been campaigning fiercly for her release for the past six years, for the first time when she returns to the UK. Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been released alongside Anoosheh Ashoori, another British-Iranian national who was arrested in Iran on spying charges and jailed for 10 years. Another British-Iranian national Morad Tahbaz has also been released from prison on furlough. Following the news of their release, Ms Truss tweeted: "I can confirm Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori will return to the UK today, and Morad Tahbaz has been released from prison on furlough. They will be reunited with their families later today. "We will continue to work to secure Morad's departure from Iran." Speaking after their release, Ms Truss said she was "delighted" to be welcoming them back to the UK today, adding that they had been through an "appalling ordeal". Later in the day, the Foreign Secretary told the House of Commons it was a result of “tenacious British diplomacy”. MPs, including those on the Opposition benches, praised Ms Truss for her own efforts in securing the releases. Shadow Foreign Secretary David Lammy gave Ms Truss credit for “her role in securing justice”. Former Tory Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt also saluted the “leadership” of Ms Truss, noting: “I know from my own experience this is a fearsomely difficult diplomatic challenge. “It wouldn’t have been solved without sustained, personal interest right from the top.” In her address to the House, the Foreign Secretary praised Nazanin and Morad for their “incredible resolve and determination”, adding the “agonies endured” by them and their families “must never happen again”.  Ms Truss has confirmed that the British-Iranian nationals were released after the UK Government paid an outstanding £400m debt it owed to Iran. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s family have consistently said that local authorities in Iran told her that she was being detained because of the UK’s failure to pay the outstanding debt, but the Government has previously said the two issues should not be linked. However, in a statement following news of the prisoners’ release, Ms Truss confirmed that the Government had paid the £400m debt. She said the payment had been “ring-fenced solely for the purchase of humanitarian goods”, which may explain why the US sanctions the Government previously cited as reasons the UK could not pay the debt were no longer an obstacle. She said the return of the two detainees from Iran, and the release of Morad Tahbaz from jail, was “the result of tenacious and creative British diplomacy”. Speaking to Sky News earlier this morning, Ms Truss said the £400m debt that Britain owes Iran is a “legitimate debt” that the government was "looking for ways to pay" it. Iran's semi-official Fars new agency reported earlier today that the United Kingdom released $530m (£400m) of its debts to Iran before the British-Iranian prisoners were released, according to Reuters news agency. The Guardian's diplomatic editor Patrick Wintour said the sum was transferred to Iran before Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe's release. Prime Minister Boris Johnson confirmed that Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Mr Ashoori would return to the UK today. Mr Johnson tweeted: “I am very pleased to confirm that the unfair detention of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori in Iran has ended today, and they will now return to the UK. He added: “The UK has worked intensively to secure their release and I am delighted they will be reunited with their families and loved ones.” Lawyers for Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe said on Wednesday morning that she was on her way to Tehran airport to finally leave Iran after six years. Soon after, Reuters news agency reported that Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been handed over to a British team at Tehran airport and was preparing to leave Iran. Iran’s judiciary later confirmed that Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been released and had left the country. The news comes after Foreign Office negotiators held talks in Tehran this week to secure the release of Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe and other British-Iranian dual nationals. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's MP Ms Siddiq announced on Tuesday that Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe had had her British passport returned for the first time in six years, raising hopes that she could finally be allowed to leave the country. The Associated Press news agency reported that Iranian state media said Britain has "settled a long-overdue debt of $530m to Tehran". Labour MP for Hampstead and Kilburn Tulip Siddiq has paid tribute to the role played by Liz Truss in Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's release. She told Times Radio: "I've dealt with three prime ministers and five foreign secretaries, it’s finally when I came to a woman who was foreign secretary who actually did something." Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer expressed his delight at the news Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe was at the airport in Tehran but urged caution as the proceedings were at a "sensitive stage". He said: "For Nazanin, for Richard, and their daughter, this is an incredible moment after so much anguish. The courage that they have shown over so many years, I’ve met Richard many times - I know, I can feel what this will mean for him, for Nazanin, for their daughter and their family." 