Russia's brutal invasion of Ukraine has caused extreme volatility across almost every asset class, including those that are supposed to offer security. Even the oil price has crashed now, and investors are running out of safe places to put their money. Supposed safe havens are looking highly risky as investors panic one minute as Vladimir Putin threatens to go nuclear, then rally the next on hopes of peace talks. Precious metal gold has been a store of value for more than 4,000 years, and investors still race to buy it in times of trouble, particularly war. So nobody was surprised when the price spiked to $2,068 an ounce last week, close to its all-time record of $2,084 hit in August 2020. Yet investors who piled in have paid a heavy price, as the gold price has since fallen to $1,918. That is a drop of more than seven percent, an incredible dip for an asset that is supposed to protect people from volatility – not add to it. Gold isn't the only asset class behaving in strange ways. So are government bonds. An old investment rule suggests that people should hold 60 percent of their investments in shares and 40 percent in bonds. It's called the 60/40 rule and financial planners have been happily advocating it for years. Shares are risky, bonds are safe. Together, they make the perfect match. Not any longer. Now both are crashing at the same time – and nobody planned for that. Bonds are crashing because they pay a fixed rate of income and this looks less attractive when inflation is rocketing, as it is now. So that’s another safe haven gone. READ MORE: Global financial crash: Investors turn to China amid UK and US chaos Inflation has completed the destruction of cash. Savings accounts have paid near-zero interest for a dozen years, but that was just about bearable when consumer prices rose by just one or two percent a year. Now that inflation is rocketing, money held on deposit is being destroyed in real terms. If you had £10,000 in the bank paying 0.5 percent, and inflation was seven percent, your money would be worth just £9,350 in real terms after 12 months. That's a loss of £650 in a year. Rather than being safe, cash only guarantees that you will lose money. Before the Ukraine war, Bitcoin advocates claimed that cryptocurrencies were a new safe haven and store of value. Digital gold, they called it. That claim has lost its shine. Last November, the total market value of all cryptocurrencies stood at almost $3 trillion. Today, the global crypto market cap is just $1.78 million. There's just no escaping this year's rout. DON'T MISS:'Worst stock market crash EVER' as Facebook plummets - but UK is winne [WARNING]Pensioner drawdown double whammy – inflation and crash threat [INSIGHT]Couple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt [REVEAL] There is one thing investors can do to protect themselves, and that's follow the oldest (and simplest) investment rule in history. Don't put all your eggs in one basket. In other words, spread your money across shares, bonds, gold, cash, commodities, property and maybe, just maybe a little bit of crypto. This is called diversification, and is often described as the only free lunch in investing. It's unusual for every asset class to crash at the same time, for example, commodities such as oil and mining stocks are doing well right now. By holding a balanced spread of different investments, you will benefit when they do. Then you should aim to hold for the long term. At some point, war fears will recede. When they do, everything could start rising at the same time instead.