The Bank of England announced a base rate rise from 0.25 percent to 0.50 percent in February this year. Aside from being more than quadruple the base rate, the Aldermore account also provides the option to pay this interest monthly.   The offer on hand is for Aldermore’s five year fixed rate savings account. The account offers a gross annual interest of 2.10 percent and gross monthly interest of 2.08 percent. The interest is calculated daily, paid monthly or annually depending on preference. Additionally, this interest accumulating can be paid into the fixed rate account or any other personal savings account held with Aldermore or another nominated UK bank or building society account. READ MORE: State Pension: What happens to my pension when I die?     Fixed rate accounts essentially hold one’s savings for a set amount of time and usually offer no or very few withdrawals. This is to encourage people to not erode away at their savings during the term that it is with the bank. Additionally, it usually means the bank will not change the interest rate for the fixed term as well. While it does safeguard those who need to secure a good interest rate for a long period of time, generally one, two or five years, it can also be a bit detrimental in times of economic uncertainty as one’s rate will be locked at this amount even if the market has a sudden uptick.  In order to be eligible for the account, all of the following must apply to savers: Aldermore accounts cannot be held in trust or by US persons, which includes US citizens, residents, green card holders or taxpayers in regard to their worldwide income.  Additionally, the minimum opening deposit amount is £1,000 and the maximum is £1,000,000. Savers cannot deposit money 14 calendar days after opening the account but can make as many deposits as they wish within this time. As it is a fixed account, savers cannot withdraw, transfer or close the account before the maturity date aside from exceptional circumstances. In the case of exceptional circumstances, savers may see 180 days’ interest deducted as a condition.  However, savers who decide to cancel their account within the first 14 days of opening it can do so without a penalty. When the account does mature savers will receive at least 21 days’ notice before it is due to mature and a further 14 day reminder. This is in order to advise Aldermore on what to do with their savings on the date of maturation. The money will simply be rolled into another fixed rate account for a same or similar term as the original if savers do not provide maturity instructions at least two days before the maturity date.