With energy bills set to rise in the coming days, Britons are looking for ways to save money any way they can. UK households could see their water bills rise by more than 10 percent from April. To help Britons lower their water bills, Tap Warehouse, a UK-based online supplier of bathroom and kitchen taps, has shared how homeowners could inadvertently be adding £813 to their household bills each year. A dripping tap may not seem like a serious issue, but it can actually rate thousands of litres of water over a year-long period. A dripping tap can waste over 450 litres of water in a day, which is 175,000 litres of water in a year. Each year, this costs the average homeowner an extra £300. Dripping hot water taps can also add hundreds of pounds to gas bills. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients  The Tap Warehouse said: “Thankfully, a leaky tap is an easy and cheap fix. “More often than not a simple tap washer change is all that is required.” A small leak in a toilet can cost hundreds of pounds each year. A toilet that leaks from the cistern into the pan can waste around 400 litres of water a day. If the toilet is left to leak, this can add a massive £300 to water bills. DON'T MISSCleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [UPDATE]'Remove and prevent it': Product to get rid of mould in your home [ANALYSIS] Bigger toilet leaks can accumulate around 8,000 litres of water a day, costing over £6,000 a year if left unfixed. One key sign that a toilet is leaking is when you can hear or see a flow of water at the back of the toilet bowl. Adding food colouring to the cistern is also a good way to check. If the food colouring ends up in the bowl, there’s a leak. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea An inefficient shower head could cost more water in under five minutes than a bath. For those with showers that take hot water directly from a tank or boiler, homeowners will be adding money to both water and gas bills. A more efficient shower head would allow a family of four to save £95 each year on their water and gas bills. The amount of money a person can save will depend on how much water is used. Not having a water meter means the water bill is based on a home’s “rateable value” and doesn’t take into account the actual water that’s used.   The average unmetered property costs an additional £71 annually in water bills. Ten minutes of rinsing and washing dishes can waste 100 litres of water. If the water is hot, it’s adding money to gas bills as well as water bills. Using a washing up bowl only uses up 10 litres of water. Britons can save £25 a year by just simply switching to a bowl. Most people will run the tap to check it’s cold before getting water from a tap. Doing that wastes a shocking one litre of water for every drink. This totals around eight litres of water per day. Each year, for an average household, this equates to 11,680 litres of water. Average homeowners can save £17 a year by instead keeping a jug of cold water in the fridge.