Phil Spencer regularly shares property tips and tricks on his website, Move iQ. In a recent post, Phil shared tips for those wanting to sell their homes this spring, including what home features can make a “huge difference” to appealing to potential buyers. Phil wrote: “Many vendors believe that spring is the ideal time to sell their home. “The sun is shining, the nights stay light for longer, and houses tend to look more appealing in the months leading up to the summer. “Spring is also a time when the housing market picks up steam, so it’s important to make your home stand out if you’re planning on selling during this season. The property pro has put this guide together to offer some handy tips for selling a home in the spring. READ MORE: Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it First impressions count, which means the outside of a home should be in tip-top shape when it goes on the market. Phil said: “It’s the first thing prospective buyers will notice before a viewing, and it can have a significant impact on whether they end up making an offer. “After months of bad weather, there’s every chance that your home’s exterior needs some attention. “Spend some time tidying the front area and making everything look neat and presentable for viewers.” Homeowners should also make the most of their outdoor space by adding plants and removing weeds and dead leaves. Doing so will mean their house looks fresh for spring and leaves viewers with a positive first impression. DON'T MISS: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how  [TIPS]How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps [INSIGHT]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT] Nothing adds colour quite like bright, beautiful plants. Phil explained: “Spring is the perfect time to see flowers bloom in your back garden, while the odd house plant won’t go amiss to create a vibrant feel inside your home. “There’s no need to overdo it – in the house, you can add just one or two plants. “They will make a significant difference, especially when it comes to taking photos for the property listing.” Sellers should also think about adding a vase of fresh flowers in the hallway or on the dining table. Everything looks that little bit more vivid when the days are brighter. That’s why a spring clean is necessary before you put your property on the market. Phil said: “Doing one prominent clean means you only need the odd touch-up before a viewing occurs. “Deep clean your carpets and wash the hardwood floors. “You can also wash the windows to remove any marks while decluttering countertops and surfaces.” The last thing potential buyers want to see is stuff everywhere, as a home without clutter has more buyer appeal. When homeowners aim to move they shouldn’t rule out changing their accessories and colour scheme. Phill added: “It could make a huge difference, as the property has a more light and bright feel. “Spruce things up a bit and add a touch of colour here and there that’s in line with the season. “Viewers spend an average of 10 minutes looking around a home, and you want to leave the best impressions possible.” While potential buyers will ultimately see past the decor and have their own ideas about how to make it their home, ensuring the property is well decorated and light and airy throughout can add to the feel and match with the seasonality.