Your washing machine works hard to keep all of your clothes clean, but during this process, it can fall victim to a build-up of mould and limescale. This is particularly true of your washing machine's drawer, which usually houses cleaning products such as detergent, softener and stain removers. A lack of airflow and moisture within the drawer makes this the perfect environment for black mould and mildew to grow. Regularly wiping down and cleaning this compartment is crucial to stop mould. The longer the area goes without being cleaned, the worse a mould build-up will be. According to cleaning experts from Daisies and Pie, it is "best" practice to clean your washing machine drawer "once a week". They state: "Doing it weekly means it’s only a quick and simple job that won’t really require any scrubbing because mould won’t have built up." A more vigorous clean of your entire washing machine should be done monthly. READ MORE: How to prevent 40% heat loss in your home as energy bills soar To begin, gently remove your washing machine drawer. The exact method for doing so will depend on the make and model of your machine. In some cases, you may need to lift the front part of the drawer up to slot it out. In other cases, you may be required to press down on the plastic cover which sits over the fabric softener section of the drawer. DON'T MISSHow to get rid of moss in your lawn - why you should treat it now [REVEALED]White vinegar and baking soda: 5 ways to clean around your home [EXPLAINER]Grout: The key DIY job that can keep grout clean 'for longer' [INTERVIEW] Next, remove all of the detachable elements of the drawer. Wipe everything down with hot soapy water. For a more in-depth clean, create a mixture of dishwashing liquid and two cups of white vinegar into a bowl of warm water. Place the washing machine drawer and detachable elements in to soak. Wish a soapy cloth or scrubbing sponge, with down the inside of the washing machine where the drawer is usually housed. Pay extra attention to the top part of the compartment as this can often be a breeding ground for mould and can get gunky. For smaller or hard to reach areas, consider using an old toothbrush to scrub. Once it is clean, use a freshly rinsed cloth to wipe away any mould particles or dirt left over. Turning your attention back to the drawer itself, once it has soaked for a while, any mould or dirty should have loosened up. Using either a cloth or a scrubbing sponge, clean all parts of the drawer. Pay close attention to any hard to reach cracks and crevices, as well as the underside of the drawer. Finally, rinse all of the elements and the drawer with clean, warm water. Allow this time to dry before returning it back into the washing machine.