The Labour shadow Foreign Secretary told a huge sea of protesters, draped in blue and yellow colours, that the UK is fighting for Ukraine's freedom. David Lammy took to the stage in Trafalgar Square and led a chant of "stand with Ukraine". He said: "Just as this great city has come together in the past. "Over 100 years ago we stood with Suffragette women to demand their freedom and in the 1980s we came together in the case of apartheid in South Africa to fight for freedom for black men and women. "Today we come together as London and we say we fight for your freedom in Ukraine. "This great city, this beautiful city is home to so many people of different colours, different races, different religions. READ MORE: Sadiq Khan will not take in refugees as thousands march for Ukraine "This place is a home for people who want to come here as refugees from Ukraine." Mr Lammy also called for "dirty Russian money" that has "polluted" the UK economy to "end". Ukraine's ambassador to the UK Vadym Prystaiko told the crowd: "I urge you to keep up the good work, the military and humanitarian aid. "The sanctions must continue until the Russian economy has stopped in its tracks." Poetry was also read out by Oscar-winning actress Dame Emma Thompson, who was draped in a Ukrainian flag, and Skins star Kaya Scodelario. Protester Zenadin Tkalenko, 43, of Croydon, south-east London - originally from Kyiv, said: "My country is under attack, the UK I hope can help. "Putin is a monster who needs to be stopped, people are dying and homes are being destroyed. "This is a big country and it needs to help." DON'T MISS Katya Adler outlines why France may not be keen on US gas deal [VIDEO]‘Nazis have returned’ Russians destroy holocaust memorial in Ukraine [ANALYSIS]Putin turns to school kids to feed army as soldiers beg for food [INSIGHT] It comes as the UK said it would fund £2million worth of vital food supplies for areas of Ukraine which are encircled by Russian forces following a direct request from the Ukrainian government. Just over a month after Moscow invaded Ukraine in what it describes as a "special military operation", Russian troops have failed to capture any major Ukrainian cities and have resorted to pounding them with artillery and air strikes. Worst hit has been the eastern port of Mariupol, a city of 400,000 under siege since the war's early days. Tens of thousands of people are still believed to be trapped inside with no access to food, power or heating. Britain said around 25 truckloads of dried food, tinned goods and water will be transported by road and rail from warehouses in Poland and Slovakia to the most at-risk Ukrainian towns and cities.