The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped back from Firm responsibilities in March 2020. They relocated to Meghan’s home state of California, where they have settled with two-year-old Archie and Lilibet, now nine months old. But the example that Meghan and Harry have set by parting ways with the Royal Family may have made other senior royals think twice about their role within the Firm ranks. Constitutional expert Dr Bob Morris added this will particularly apply to those royals distant from the throne, who are unlikely to succeed. Dr Morris, of the Constitution Unit at University College London, told Express.co.uk: “It may have the effect that other members of the Royal Family, the elder members of the Royal Family, will think twice about what roles they wish to take in life." He continued: “Perhaps we have been unimaginative in developing the careers of the spares, and rely too much on our military careers for that purpose.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have pursued interests outside the Royal Family since stepping back, including deals with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify. Prince Harry has also been stripped of a number of his military patronages and is no longer permitted to wear a military uniform to certain events. He served two tours in Afghanistan and spent a decade in the armed forces. The Duke and Duchess have also put their names to a number of political causes - something anathema to the political neutrality expected of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Queen boost as 'string of countries' looked to join Commonwealth They were signatories to a letter condemning Western COVID-19 vaccine policies, calling them “immoral, entirely self-defeating and also an ethical, economic and epidemiological failure”. By failing to disseminate vaccines across the world, the letter called vaccine divisions “self-defeating nationalism, pharmaceutical monopolies and inequality”. Political freedom extends to other issues, which the Duke and Duchess have waded into since the split from the Firm. Last year, Meghan penned a letter to the US House of Representatives advocating for paid leave for all. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry 'raises eyebrows' with latest move [LIVE]Queen health warning: Monarch too frail to walk beloved corgis [INSIGHT] Kate and William travel in same Jeep Queen used 60 years ago [REPORT] Addressing her plea to the Speaker and the Leader of the House, she said she was “not an elected official” nor a “politician”. She said she was appealing to the politicians as “an engaged citizen and a parent”. She continued: “Because you and your congressional colleagues have a role in shaping family outcomes for generations to come, that’s why I’m writing to you at this deeply important time—as a mom—to advocate for paid leave”. However, she attracted criticism for the use of her Sussex title to back up her call for paid leave. She signed off the letter using the title conferred on her when she integrated into the Royal Family.