Glee star Darren Criss, who played Blaine Anderson in the Fox television series, shared his heartbreak as he announced the tragic news about his older brother Charles. Taking to Instagram today, the actor penned an emotional post, in view of his 3.1 million followers. The actor explained that his older brother, also known as Chuck, had taken his own life. Darren penned: “It breaks my heart beyond measure to say that my beloved brother Charles has left us. “Obviously this is a colossal shock. “His loss leaves behind a debilitating fracture in the lives of his mother, his brother, his three small children, and their respective mothers.” READ MORE: 'I'm really struggling' Kate Garraway opens up on 'absent' husband He continued: "I have spent what feels like a small eternity trying to wrap my head around it, something I suspect I'll be attempting to do for the rest of my life. "But in the short time that I've had to process everything, I've managed to put some words together that may help with some of the questions you have. "And though it's with the heaviest sadness I've ever felt to have to write this, it does give me peace to know I'm putting it out there." The actor explained that it put him at "peace" to share details with others about his brother's life who sadly died last week. In a candid letter, Darren shared an in-depth insight about his brother's character who he described as "total goofball," and even though he often seemed like a quiet introvert, he could surprise people with "the most wickedly funny lines that could cut a room in half with his equally impressive timing". While Darren admitted he was unsure of how much information he wanted to share publicly regarding the details of his brother’s death, he decided it was better to be as clear as he could be. “I’ve learned by now that vagueness can lead to confusion, and provoke ideas far worse than the truth,” he continued. "The last several years were increasingly difficult for Chuck as he struggled to find stability during an unfortunate rough patch in his life." DON'T MISS... Demi Moore, 59, is the image of ageless beauty in black jumpsuit[LATEST]Emmerdale’s Louise Jameson details dramatic hair transformation[PICTURES]Musician Randy Newman cancels European tour after breaking his neck[HEALTH] Darren continued: “Despite our very vocal concerns about his well-being, and his protestations that everything was fine, it's crushing to say now that Chuck clearly had a severe depression welling up in him for some time. “A depression that was only worsened by a lifelong struggle he had with expressing his feelings — a dangerous combination only outmatched by his all-too-incredible ability to conceal it. “Not just from the world at large, but most tragically, from the people who were closest to him." Darren also noted how much his brother loved his family, including his "longterm partner" and his children, including his "youngest from his partner, as well as his two older children from his former marriage". "His world revolved around them, and he loved being their father," he continued. "He shared with them his own joy, good humor, and song, and they adored him for it." In October 2021, Darren announced he and his partner Mia Swier were expecting their first child in spring 2022. For emotional support you can call the Samaritans 24-hour helpline on 116 123, email jo@samaritans.org, visit a Samaritans branch in person or go to the Samaritans website.