The British shipping company that operates ferries between the United Kingdom to Ireland and Continental Europe notified its former employees they were being replaced by cheaper agency workers last Thursday. A change in the law signed off by former Conservative minister Chris Grayling cleared the way for the company to legally sack the seafarers last week without telling the government, according to a leading maritime lawyer. Legislation to protect employees in the UK was amended by Mr Grayling in 2018, meaning the secretary of state does not have to be notified of mass redundancies on ships registered overseas. The move to dismiss staff on ships registered in Cyprus and the Bahamas last week was widely criticised and the government threatened the firm with unlimited fines for not notifying the Secretary of State. However, Kevin Barnett, head of employment at marine law specialists Lester Aldridge LLP, told Sky News that Mr Grayling's amendment removed the need to notify the government. He said: “The amendment states the notification must be made to the competent authority of the state where the ship is registered, instead of the secretary of state.” He said Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng’s insistence that he should have been notified of the sackings in advance is "incorrect." Chris Grey, Emeritus Professor of Organization Studies in the School of Business and Management at Royal Holloway, University of London, reacted to the news and broke down the aforementioned deal in a series of tweets. Prof Grey, who regularly analyses Brexit-related stories for his 65.5k followers, claims the news of the maritime law loophole is a “development in how the P&O story subtly interacts with Brexit.” He wrote: “In Feb 2018 Chris Grayling changed the law so shipping firms had to give notice of sackings to the country where the boat was registered, not UK (that wasn't a 'Brexit freedom', it hadn't happened then).” READ MORE: P&O suffering seven million pound loss “But…. what may be forgotten is that in Jan 2019 ‘P&O announced it will be re-flagging its entire UK-registered fleet to Cyprus ahead of Brexit, in order to keep its tax arrangements within the European Union’. It seemed like another cost of Brexit.” Prof Grey then linked to an article from 2019 noting that P&O had said: “The move to re-register the entire English Channel fleet within the EU will lead to fewer inspections and delays.” A P&O spokesman added at the time that the move “will result in significantly more favourable tonnage tax arrangements as the ships will be flagged in an EU member state". In another tweet as part of the thread, Prof Grey added: “At the time P&O said, ‘We have no plans to make any other changes, including the terms and conditions of any of our seafarers, as a result of the new arrangements.’” DON'T MISS Britons react in fury after P&O sacks all seafarers [REVEAL] P&O Ferries hire agency workers 'Unfamiliar with the vessels' [INSIGHT] 'What about Brexit?' Farage blasts P&O over UK job losses [REPORT] Mr Grey went on to clarify that Brexit didn’t exactly “enable” the sackings, but the “re-flaggings ere overtly a response to Brexit”. He said: “This doesn't mean Brexit enabled the sackings - Grayling's law change and the re-flaggings preceded and didn't require Brexit. But the re-flaggings were overtly a response to Brexit and once they happened 'Grayling's law' became relevant to the boats concerned.” P&O Chief Executive Peter Hebblethwaite has conceded the sackings came “without warning or prior consultation”, though defended them as “essential”. In a statement released last week, the company said it was working to minimise disruption for customers but admitted to suffering heavy losses. A spokesperson said: “To try to minimise disruption for our customers, we contacted everyone we could reach. "If any passengers have any queries about travelling with us, we encourage them to get in touch with our customer services team. "Our aim is to have the first of our services running again in the next day or two as we lose £1million a day for each day they are not moving.” March 23 marks the seventh day since the mass sackings, so it can be estimated P&O has suffered at least a £7million loss.