Louise Jones, from Moretonhampstead, claimed disability and housing benefits for years while living in Spain with her boyfriend and was only caught out because of Facebook. Ms Jones, 53, told authorities she lived in Cleethorpes while living and running a property business in Spain. She carried on claiming benefits for over a decade after moving to Alicante to live with her then boyfriend Bruce McHardy. The pair later got married and she joined his business as the Managing Director. The benefits cheat fiddled even more in housing benefits- claiming to live in homes owned by her boyfriend in Hull and Cleethorpes.  In total, she claimed £46,867.14 in disability and housing benefits and employment support allowance between 2007 and 2016. She claimed a further £33,000 in severe disability allowance but was entitled to claim that even when living in Spain. She was caught out after boasting about her Costa Blanca lifestyle to all her followers on Facebook including photos of her engagement and wedding. When questioned, she was unable to tell investigators any of the names of her neighbours in Hull and Lincolnshire where she claimed to live.  READ MORE: SNP minister refuses THREE TIMES to answer whether IndyRef2 is legal The 53-year-old received a six month suspended prison sentence in 2019 and was also pursued under the Proceeds of Crime Act. After being caught red-handed, Ms Jones has been ordered to pay £92,500, which represents her share of the sale of her late mother’s home and cash from her divorce settlement. The judge, Timothy Rose, ordered her to pay £7,500 from the settlement to cover interest on the money. She has already paid £85,000 raised by the sale of the house in August last year. Ms Jones told the Judge she is unable to work because of severe arthritis and is now living on Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payments.  DON'T MISS: Dr Shola rages over 'wicked' move against Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Princess Eugenie found ‘comfort’ in Harry as Andrew faced legal case [COMMENT]Horner complains Lewis Hamilton's new Mercedes car is illegal [VIDEO] The 53-year-old received a six month suspended prison sentence in 2019 and was also pursued under the Proceeds of Crime Act. After being caught red-handed, Ms Jones has been ordered to pay £92,500, which represents her share of the sale of her late mother’s home and cash from her divorce settlement. The judge, Timothy Rose, ordered her to pay £7,500 from the settlement to cover interest on the money. She has already paid £85,000 raised by the sale of the house in August last year. Ms Jones told the Judge she is unable to work because of severe arthritis and is now living on Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payments. 