While Chancellor Rishi Sunak cut fuel duty and income tax in his Spring Statement, charities said this won’t go far enough to help low income households make ends meet. They are particularly worried about disability pensioners who are not claiming all the financial help they are entitled to. Millions of vulnerable pensioners aren’t claiming disability benefits they are entitled to such as Attendance Allowance and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Nearly three and a half (3.4) million are missing out on Attendance Allowance alone - something that needs to change - especially as inflation has hit a 30-year-high. James Taylor, director of strategy at disability equality charity Scope said he was disappointed the Chancellor didn’t offer disabled people a lifeline in his Spring Statement. He said: “Amid the worst cost of living crisis in decades, we’re bitterly disappointed that the Chancellor hasn’t announced direct support for disabled people." READ MORE: Council tax rises will go ahead but Britons can act now to get £150 Mr Taylor continued: “The Chancellor has shown a distinct lack of awareness that life costs more if you’re disabled. “Many already face sky-high bills from needing more energy to charge vital equipment, or extra heating to stay warm. “We hoped to see benefits rise in line with inflation and VAT receipts used to target support to disabled people who need it most. “This hasn’t happened.” DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [INSIGHT]60 Lloyds, Bank of Scotland and Halifax branches to shut [WARNING]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [UPDATE] Rising food and energy prices mean that many disabled people are facing real terms cut to their benefits. Mr Taylor added: “This statement will leave many who rely on benefits worse off. “The expansion of the Household Support Fund will provide some relief, but like the rise in National Insurance thresholds and a cut to fuel duty it’s not targeted at disabled people.” "We know that some disabled people are reluctant or too unwell to engage with the adversarial benefits system, and therefore may not be getting the support they should be entitled to."  He said the Government needs to make it much easier for disabled people to get the financial support they need without having to fight for it. Mr Taylor urged anyone who needs advice on what support might be available to call Scope's free helpline. Attendance Allowance is for people who are: It works out at £60 or £89.60 a week to help with personal support in the home. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, PIP is for people who have a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability but haven’t yet reached state pension age. Alternatively, Britons can apply for Carer’s Allowance if they look after someone for 35 hours or more a week. To check eligibility for all DWP benefits, people can go to Gov.uk where there is a handy benefits calculator. Decisions can take up to five months so it’s advisable to apply right away.