Toby Ashworth, owner of the Nare hotel near Veryan, Cornwall, is desperate to bring in new employees as the tourism sector starts to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic. But he told Cornwall Live  the benefits system is currently too attractive for those out of work and that a review is needed. "If you’re telling me you couldn’t find a job in Cornwall last year, then we have to look at how our system is paying unemployment benefits, because the opportunities to be in work were certainly there," Mr Ashworth said today. "There certainly wasn’t any shortage of jobs in Cornwall last summer. "St Austell Brewery or the Watergate Bay Hotel and many others had to shut down parts of their business because of a shortage of staff. "The hospitality sector was at the back of the queue to reopen (after the pandemic) and, when we did, we went from no guests to 100% occupancy in six hours." The pandemic forced pubs, bars, restaurants and hotels to shut for several months two years running, Many foreign workers who might have worked in the county's hotels in the past have also stayed away thanks to Brexit red tape involved and the risks and uncertainty caused by the pandemic.  Hoteliers across the UK have increased pay packets to entice staff but Mr Ashworth believes the Government can do more to help employment appear more attractive. He said one way to alleviate the staffing crisis could be by having a work permit system similar to that in Australia set up in the UK to attract the foreign workers the industry has relied on. No redundancies took place at the Nare during the pandemic but about 20% of staff decided not to return when the hotel reopened after the first lockdown in 2020, and again after the winter lockdown last year. Mr Ashworth continued: "We certainly were not immune to the staffing crisis. "They (Nare's staff) have worked their socks off but God they delivered. I feel that we have an even stronger team for it even after some of the team did not come back after furlough. "But I look after my staff well. They worked all the way through. There was no dip but I quickly realised that if we were to get through the season - and we did - they would need a break. So I shut the hotel off completely and all the staff enjoyed an additional two weeks holiday. "I also told the guests that I would match any gratuities they might leave for the staff. Someone left a £500 tip on the front desk one day and that got matched which you can imagine went down well with the staff. But that’s only fair because they have all worked so hard." Mr Ashworth says chefs in the hospitality sector can earn up to £50,000 a year. He continued: "Our biggest challenge was the kitchen. "During the pingdemic we wondered if we’d have a kitchen team ready on a Monday because if one of them got Covid the whole kitchen would probably have to close. It’s not like you can shift the receptionist to be the chef. The whole industry was on a knife edge."