Using milk as fertiliser has been an old-time remedy in the garden for many generations. Milk is a good source of calcium, not only for humans, but for plants as well. Raw, or unpasteurised, cow’s milk has some of the same nourishing properties for plants that it has for animals and people. Gardening experts at Gardening Know How have shared how milk can benefit the overall health of gardens as they “help with plant growth”. The gardening experts said: “In addition to helping with plant growth, feeding plants with milk can also alleviate many issues in the garden, from calcium deficiencies to viruses and powdery mildew.” The experts explained why milk is a great fertiliser for plants. They said: “It contains beneficial proteins, vitamin B, and sugars that are good for plants, improving their overall health and crop yields. “The microbes that feed on the fertiliser components of milk are also beneficial to the soil. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how “Like us, plants use calcium for growth.” A lack of calcium is indicated when plants look stunted and don’t grow to their full potential. Blossom end rot, which is commonly seen in squash, tomatoes, and peppers, is caused by a calcium deficiency. The gardening experts added: “Feeding plants with milk ensures they will get enough moisture and calcium. “Feeding plants with milk has been used with varying effectiveness in pesticide applications, especially with aphids.” DON'T MISS:Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels [INSIGHT]Five daily cleaning jobs to leave your home sparkling [TIPS]DIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [COMMENT] According to the experts, it is “important” to dilute the milk before using it as a fertiliser. They said: “I like to use milk that is past its date (great way to recycle), but you can use fresh milk, evaporated milk, or even powdered milk as well. “It is important that you dilute the milk with water. Mix a solution of 50 percent milk and 50 percent water. “When using milk fertiliser, add the solution to a spray bottle and apply to plant leaves. “The leaves will absorb the milk solution.” However, keep in mind that some plants, like tomatoes, are prone to developing fungal diseases if the fertiliser remains on the leaves too long. If the solution is not being absorbed adequately, gardeners can gently wipe down the leaves with a wet cloth or spray them with water. Less milk can be used if gardeners have a lot of plants to feed, as with a large garden area. Alternatively, gardeners can pour the milk mixture around the base of the plants where the roots will gradually absorb the milk. The gardening experts explained: “This works well in smaller gardens. “I normally place the top portion of a two litre bottle (upside down) in the soil next to new plants at the beginning of the season. “This makes an excellent reservoir for both watering and feeding plants with milk.”