Marcus (played by Darcy Grey) and Ethan (Emile John) have decided to restart their romance after misreading the signals they were supposedly sending each other in recent weeks on Emmerdale. The couple looks set to blossom in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap as official spoilers have suggested this could be a long-running relationship following the departure of unlucky-in-love, Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller). However, with the latter having left the village last year and his ex-husband Robert (Ryan Hawley) still in prison, an early release from jail could see the former villager return to the Dales to try and make things work with the troubled character. When he realises Aaron is gone, he could make a move on another handsome gentleman in the village. The drama continues during next week's episodes of the weeknight serial drama as Marcus and Ethan enjoy another date together. They decide to go to the HOP for some lunch, hoping they will manage to enjoy some time alone together away from prying eyes. Despite all their false starts, it seems this meeting couldn't be going any better as they get to know more about each other. It's not too long before the new couple wants to act on their feelings for one another and they end up in the HOP office. Ending up kissing passionately, it looks like this romance has the potential to reach the heights of Aaron and Robert's relationship, which came with a huge fandom. READ MORE: Matt Lucas and David Walliams blasted for ‘outdated’ Comic Relief skit However, throwing Robert into the mix of this couple's romance could prove to be a huge twist no one would have seen coming. The former villager hasn't been seen in the Dales since 2019 when he was jailed for causing the death of Lee Posner (Kris Mochrie). This subsequently ended his marriage to Aaron as he didn't want his ex-husband to wait for him when he should be enjoying his life with someone else. Last year, it emerged he didn't actually kill his sister's rapist but it was in fact Luke Posner (Max Parker) who delivered the fatal blow to his brother's head. There was huge speculation this could mean Robert was going to return to the village as he would have been released from prison. After hearing what really happened from his sister, Victoria Sugden (Isobel Hodgins), Robert didn't want to take back his freedom. He said he would stay in jail, dampening any chance he would be able to reunite with his ex-husband Aaron on-screen. Though the twist to the tale could be after going on the run for several months, Luke could finally hand himself in to the police. This would mean Robert would no longer need to be in prison, whether he likes it or not, and he could accept the fact he is going to have to return to the Dales. What he might not realise is Aaron is gone and any chance of repairing his marriage would be fruitless without his other half. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mark Charnock discusses challenges of portraying a stroke [COMMENT]Natalie J Robb health: Emmerdale star's drastic health change [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb sparks frenzy with reunion with co-stars [COMMENT] Wanting to start a new chapter, Robert could decide he is going to begin a new romance and he could take quite the shining to Marcus. As the pair get to know one another, there could be undeniable chemistry which even Ethan picks upon as he becomes jealous of the characters' bond. Marcus could promise his boyfriend he is not going to cheat on him but Robert can be very manipulative when he wants something. Tempting Marcus to drop Ethan, Robert could finally make the newcomer give in to his feelings for him as the pair embark on a passionate affair. Explaining his past in recent scenes, Marcus told Ethan how his previous relationship hadn't worked out because he was cheated on. However, it could be he was indeed the cheater and history is repeating itself, despite promising Ethan he was committed to him. This would ultimately end the pair's relationship as the lawyer would not want to forgive his boyfriend for betraying him. Marcus could think he and Robert could be a couple but the manipulative character could explain he was only looking for a bit of fun. Hearing this, the newcomer would be devastated as he would have put everything on the line just for the sake of a meaningless affair. Having become a much colder character than he was before he went to prison, Robert could show little remorse for what he's done. It would certainly be a dramatic reintroduction to the village for Robert, but the rest of the villagers wouldn't be surprised by such a move. Victoria is also good friends with Ethan, so she would have more than a few choice words for her brother about his behaviour. Taking to Twitter, it seems fans are eager to see Robert back on the soap, with Naja writing: "Aaron was absolutely right - the village hasn't been the same since Robert went to prison." "It hasn’t been the same since Robert left, so true Aaron, nothing has been the same #emmerdale," Amelia posted on the social media platform. So could his return be on the cards in the near future? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour long episode airing on Thursdays.