Police dashed to Istanbul Grill near Warrington, Cheshire, after the fight erupted during the Mother's Day-themed evening. Onlookers reported witnessing arguing, shouting and swearing before glasses were "thrown and smashed". They said families ran out into the street with their crying children during the "scary" ordeal. A large police presence was pictured outside the Turkish restaurant as people stood and watched on - but most of those involved had fled the scene by the time officers arrived. Diners told the Manchester Evening News that the venue was packed with families, including children and toddlers. One pregnant woman, who asked to remain anonymous, claimed a large party had started fighting before glasses started being thrown and smashed. She said: "There was a large group of about 20 or 30 in the restaurant when a fight broke out. "People were running to the exit screaming and shouting and glasses were being smashed. Two lads ran out from the back of the restaurant laughing, picking up glasses and throwing them saying 'come on then'." The witness added: "My partner, myself and my daughter ran to the exit. I am four months pregnant and there were lots of children and a few small toddlers and babies there too. Everyone was screaming and crying, it was horrid. "It was very chaotic and crazy and no one knew what to do. The group of men were kicking the glass at the front of the restaurant and ran back in again shouting 'come on', 'fight us', along with plenty of volatile language. "We left after the police arrived at around 7.15pm and luckily managed to get a table at another restaurant. Culcheth is a lovely place and Istanbul is a great restaurant. I am really saddened by tonight as it’s a day for mothers, not people spoiling it. It was really scary." Enquiries are ongoing and witnesses are being urged to contact Cheshire Police with any information about the incident. A spokesperson for Cheshire Police said: "At around 6.45pm on Sunday, March 27, police were called to reports of an altercation at a restaurant on Warrington Road, Culcheth. Officers attended and found that most of those involved had fled the scene. "Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and anyone with any information is asked visit www.cheshire.police.uk/tell-us, or call 101, quoting IML 1232219." Istanbul Grill declined to comment.  