Phoebe Smith, 12, was rushed to a children's hospital after collapsing at the playground in Calderstones Park, Liverpool, where she had been playing with her brother, sister and two cousins. Medics found the youngster had a brain aneurysm, which had burst, and sent her for a four-hour operation. Phoebe needed a second procedure hours afterwards, but she died at hospital four days later on Wednesday March 9, Liverpool Echo reports. It's left her family, from Croxteth, Liverpool, heartbroken. Her aunty Victoria Davies, 28, said: "She sadly couldn’t take anymore and she gained her angel wings. "We as a family are all heartbroken, it is extremely hard. It's hard because there's nobody to blame, she didn't bump her head and it just came from nowhere and was shocking. "Phoebe was an amazing child, she was 12 and autistic and had an amazingly bubbly personality. She was one of them kids you don't forget, she would walk into a room and just light it up completely. "She was mischievous but in a comedic way, she was always laughing and making everyone else laugh." The youngster fell unconscious at the playground on Saturday March 5. Her brother and cousins rushed to tell Phoebe's mum and Victoria, who were sat on the grass nearby. Victoria added: "The kids came over and said 'Phoebe is lying on the floor' and at first we didn't think anything of it and was asked 'oh, why is she on the floor'. We went over right away and realised this was more serious, Phoebe was passed out of the floor unconscious. "We called 999 and they came really quickly. The staff at Calderstones Park were absolutely amazing. "For the first surgery she was in for four and a half to five hours to try and remove it [the aneurysm], literally two hours later she was taken back in for another hour surgery. She really fought, she gave a good fight but we got a call from the hospital at 5.45am on Wednesday [March 9] and were told to expect the worst. "Because everything happened in front of the kids we couldn't hide it, we couldn't let the children not say goodbye to her. We went to get them all after school and at 4.30pm they said their goodbyes." Phoebe's family were told she had a heart murmur when she was younger, but this was never an issue. The family said her death came as a complete shock. When blood passes through a weakened blood vessel, the blood pressure causes a small area to bulge outwards like a balloon. This leads to brain aneurysms, according to the NHS website, but often these go undetected until they burst, as in Phoebe's case. Phoebe's family are now raising money for her funeral. To donate via their GoFundMe page click here. Victoria said: "We ask for your help to give Phoebe the send off she deserves. As you all know things nowadays aren’t cheap and even though we are all supporting each other we cannot pull money out of thin air. "Any donations will go directly to Phoebe’s mum to help with flowers and send off but any remaining donations will go towards helping her immediate family recover after this heartbreaking situation." 