Bolivia are set to hold talks with Marcelo Bielsa over an immediate return to management - just one month after he was sacked by Leeds. The Argentine tactician, who is one of the most well-respected coaches not only in South America but all of world football, has returned to his homeland following his emotional departure at Elland Road nearly four years on from his appointment in the summer of 2018. While Bielsa had already secured legendary status at Leeds after securing the club's return to the Premier League for the first time since 2004, the board were left living in fear of relegation as the Whites lingered dangerously above the drop zone. The newly-appointed Jesse Marsch has already steadied the ship after back-to-back wins against Norwich and Wolves, a game in which Leeds had trailed 2-0 in the second half before Luke Ayling's dramatic stoppage-time winner. Despite a rocky conclusion to his time in West Yorkshire, former boss Bielsa remains a man in popular demand due to his illustrious, 40-year coaching career that has also seen him manage in Mexico, Spain, Chile, France and Italy. Now Bolivia FA president Fernando Costa has confirmed they are in contact with Bielsa as part of their plans to appoint a new manager in place of Cesar Farias. READ MORE: Archaf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' "I won't deny that we are in touch with him," Costa said during a press conference. "We have not yet had a meeting, but we are close to speaking with him. We are speaking with a number of coaches, including national team managers, and listening to what they have to offer. "Once we have a sheaf of proposals we will evaluate them. It is important to know how much money we have available for our national teams." Bielsa has already managed twice at international level in South America with both Argentina and Chile, respectively. He spent six years in charge of his native Albicelestes before a stint with La Roja between 2007 and 2011. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt Bolivia have endured a rough ride in their World Cup qualification campaign for Qatar 2022, prompting their FA to consider a major shakeup. La Verde are currently ninth out of a possible 10 - only Venezuela have accumulated fewer points with just one match to play. In the past few months, Bielsa has also received interest from a club very close to his heart: Newell's Old Boys. In December 2009, El Loco's former club decided to rename their stadium after their iconic manager - Estadio Marcelo Bielsa. The 66-year-old spent two years with Newell's as a player before a 10-year stint coaching the club's youth sides. He would eventually be appointed as their first-team manager in 1990, his first senior job in management. Julio Saldana, Director of Football at Newell's, recently outlined the club's interest in bringing Bielsa back to the club but there are doubts as to whether El Loco would oblige. "We all want Marcelo Bielsa to return, but I don't think he's going to come," Saldana said. It's currently unclear whether Bielsa would be interested in an immediate return to management as he continues to enjoy some downtime with his family in Argentina.