Fast forward to 2022 and the promise – like so many of Boris Johnson’s - lies in tatters at the very moment older people face the most devastating cost of living crisis of recent times. Twelve long years of Conservative economic mismanagement have given us low growth, high taxes and at the mercy of surging inflation. Heating bills are rocketing, prices are going up. It means Britain’s pensioners every day are seeing their incomes squeezed. In Swindon recently I was struck by how many retirees told me they no longer used the oven to try to save on the gas bill. In Derby I heard stories of the elderly foregoing hot showers because of the costs. Such stories make me so angry as Tory ministers casually ignore the needs of ordinary people. No wonder money saving expert Martin Lewis is ringing the alarms bells warning without action some of the poorest people across the country will “simply starve or freeze".  Britain’s elderly citizens contribute so much to our local communities, have served our country in many different ways and worked hard all their lives. Every single pensioner deserves dignity and security in retirement. But instead of security, at just the moment gas and electricity bills are going through the roof, Britain’s pensioners face devastating cuts to the value of the state pension in real terms by as much as £388 a year. And as is so often and disgracefully the case, retired women will be hit especially hard by the pension cut as they are more likely to rely on the state pension and other benefits like pension credit for the majority of their retirement income. Some older people want to carry on working but here ministers are failing again. Those of pension age still in work earning the average salary they will be clobbered with the Health and Social Care Levy element of the national insurance increase. That translates to a real-terms reduction in their income of almost £1,400 over the next two years. This isn’t protecting pensioners incomes. Its daylight robbery. Just like in the 1980s when Mrs Thatcher broke the earnings link we’re seeing pensioner poverty rising again. 200,000 extra pensioners fell into poverty last year and 1 in 5 are now living in poverty. Tens of thousands are more likely to be pushed into fuel poverty as well. I’m demanding Rishi Sunak puts in place measure to protect Britain’s pensioners. VAT on heating bills should be axed and the big oil and gas producers should be taxed fairly with a one-off tax on their windfall profits to fund and expand a discount scheme that would take up to £600 off bills for many struggling households. 850,000 people are not claiming the Pension Credit they are entitled to which tops up income and can often unlock extra support such as the free TV license for over 75s. So as well as clarity on the future of the triple lock, ministers should move heaven and earth to ensure every pensioner eligible gets their full entitlement to Pension Credit. Boris Johnson may think retirees are an easy target but I won’t stand by and see them robbed. I’ll always be a Pensions Secretary who guarantees the security and dignity Britain’s pensioners deserve. • Jonathan Ashworth Shadow Secretary of State for Work and Pensions