The Warm Home Discount provides eligible people with £140 off electricity bills for the winter. As such, many are reliant on the sum to help make ends meet in colder weather. However, eligibility could be changed going forward for the scheme. The Mirror has reported thousands of benefit claimants will now be barred from the Government support measure. According to reports, alterations would mean those claiming benefits such as Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Attendance Allowance and Disability Living Allowance (DLA), would no longer benefit. A UK Government spokesperson said: “The Warm Home Discount continues to support vulnerable households to heat their homes and, from October this year, this will rise to £150 and expand to help an extra 780,000 households across Great Britain. READ MORE: State pension alert as DWP may speed up age increases  “The discount is just one measure we are taking to help tackle rising energy costs. Our energy price cap continues to insulate households from volatile gas markets, and we are also providing a £200 reduction on bills this autumn and a £150 non-repayable reduction in council tax bills.” It comes shortly after the Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced he would increase the discount people get. The Government recently announced it would increase the sum to £150 later this year to provide additional help. DON'T MISSState pension will undergo SIX key changes from next month [INSIGHT]State pension fury as women live on £26 per day [UPDATE]‘It’s un-British!’ Pensioner, 75, furious as state pension sum frozen [VIDEO] The Warm Home Discount is not money paid to eligible individuals. Instead, it serves as a one-off discount on a person’s electricity bill between October and March. Tom Marsland, consumer affairs policy manager at disability charity Scope, told the Mirror: “It’s shocking that a huge of disabled people are about to be cut loose from the Warm Home Discount. “This comes at a time when energy prices and the cost of living are skyrocketing.” Under current rules, to be eligible for the Warm Home Discount a person must either be in receipt of the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit or on a low income. Low income Britons must be in receipt of certain means-tested benefits in order to qualify. If a person wants to apply, they must check with their electricity supplier concerning the discount. However, Britons are warned the number of discounts suppliers can provide is limited - issued on a first come first served basis. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As such, checking with one’s supplier as early as possible is important. Energy bills are set to rise for many Britons, as the cost of living crisis bites. The energy price cap is to increase by £693 from April, Ofgem has confirmed. Indeed, many experts also fear a rise in October could also be on the cards.