Chancellor Rishi Sunak will today set out his Spring Statement for 2022 against a backdrop of a cost of living crisis gripping the UK, with food, fuel and energy costs on the up. Many hope the Chancellor will scrap the National Insurance hike, which is due to rise by 1.25p to the pound, as well as axing fuel tax and more, but only time will tell what Mr Sunak will be able to deliver on. The 15 hikes cited by Mr McFadden include: 2020 2021 2022 In the past two years, tax rises worth two percent of GDP (by 2024 to 2025) have been announced by this Government - something which took Tony Blair and Gordon Brown 10 years. Writing for the Institute for Fiscal Studies, Isaac Delestre, Helen Miller and Ben Zaranko said: "If current plans are enacted, the scale of the tax increases will be large by historic standards. "These will start this April with an increase in rates of National Insurance Contributions and a cash freeze in income tax thresholds, and be followed by an increase in corporation tax rates in April 2023. "The overall impact will be to gradually ramp up the UK tax burden by an eventual 2% of GDP, according to the Treasury’s own scorecard – equivalent to around £46 billion in today’s money." Yet Rishi himself claims to 'firmly believe in lower tax'. Speaking at the Bayes Business School in February, the Chancellor pledged to cut taxes "sustainably" and "deliver a low tax, higher growth economy". He said: "I am going to deliver a lower tax economy but I am going to do so in a responsible way, and in a way that tackles our long term challenges. I firmly believe in lower taxes." Speaking at the time, Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves announced that the Conservative Party was "now the party of high tax", adding: "The chancellor may say he 'believes' in low taxes in his lecture - but the hard facts are that Sunak has hit households and business with 15 tax rises in two years in post - with an unfair National Insurance rise down the line," Ms Reeves said. Post spring statement analysis from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has revealed that the tax increases introduced by Mr Sunak will significantly cut into household income. Following the Chancellor's speech, OBR representatives stated rising inflation combined with "net tax increases" would "weigh heavily" on living standards over the next 12 months. They added that household disposable income would fall by 2.2 percent between 2022 and 2023, the "largest fall in a single financial year since ONS record began". But, the OBR added Mr Sunak's measures would decrease the amount of damage done overall. Over the next tax year, people will bear a lesser burden from rising fuel costs. By OBR reckoning, rising prices would require people to cough up an additional £700. Household bill support contained in the £200 energy loan and £150 council tax rebate stand to cut this by half. Martin Lewis of MoneySavingExpert.com said the National Insurance threshold change would also help lower earners. Speaking to BBC Radio 5 Live, he said factoring in the 1,25 percentage increase to NI rates would leave people on a low wage up to £400 better off. He explained that people earning £35,000 or less won't have to contribute as much to National Insurance, while those earning above this limit pay more. Overall, the policy measures announced by Mr Sunak will end up offsetting "a third of the overall fall in living standards", the OBR concluded. Households will end up needing to absorb the remaining two thirds, however.