The 16-year-old was left for dead after what has been described as a “brutal and savage” knife attack. The 17-year-old perpetrator has now been jailed for life. He must serve a minimum of 10 years. Neither the victim nor the aggressor can be named. The teenager is reported to have stabbed the girl repeatedly in the face, neck, chest, abdomen and arms and legs. Miraculously, she survived. The girl did, however, suffer severe damage – both physical and emotional. She endured injuries on her arms and legs while attempting to fight off her attacker. The hospital placed her in an induced coma, and she was able to leave around a month after the attack, according to the Scottish Sun. The 17-year-old male lured the girl to a park in Sittingbourne, Kent, on July 22, 2021. He had previously messaged the girl on the social media app Snapchat. In what, at the time, must have appeared to have been an innocent event, he even gave the girl a piggy-back to the park where he committed his attack. READ MORE: UK storm forecast: Britain to be battered by 60mph winds and -5C chill After the brutal occurrence, he pushed the girl’s phone into a bush. She was thankfully discovered, while unconscious, by a passing dog walker who heard groaning. When he was later in custody, the teenager admitted his “hate” for the girl. It was discovered he had searched “How to kill with a knife” on the internet and had been watching the Zac Efron film Conversations with a Killer: The Ted Bundy Tapes. He had also messaged the girl in the months leading up to the brutal attack, calling her a "crippled b***h”. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Another of his reported internet searches was “the highest sentence for murder in UK”. Sentencing, Judge Philip Statman, quoted in the paper, said: “You engaged in a savage and brutal attack upon her. You attacked her with a knife which you had taken to the scene. "I am completely satisfied that at the time of this offence and for some time before, you had a murderous intent in your head. "She thought you were going out to have a laugh together." The teenager has been sentenced to a minimum of 10 years after pleading guilty to attempted murder.