Emmerdale star Louise Jameson, 70, arrived in the village earlier this month as her character, Mary Goskirk, surprised her estranged daughter Rhona (Zoe Henry). Louise also appeared in the soap briefly in 1973, playing a different character, but was killed off after just four episodes. When Louise was offered a new role almost 50 years later, the actress told Express.co.uk and other press that she “really wanted the job”. She explained: “I was sent a very beautifully written scene and told to prepare it. “There was something in me that thought, I really want this job.” Louise recalled how she prepared for her audition, but admits that she made the “completely wrong choice”, which didn't reflect her character. READ MORE:Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' The star confessed: “So, I got it completely memorised, I went for a manicure and I bought a new red outfit - a skirt and jacket. “I just went to town and pulled out all the plugs I could to acquire this role. And, in actual fact, now I'm playing her, I realise the red outfit was the completely wrong choice. “She is far more bohemian and slightly hippy and well-travelled, she’s not a sort of tight-waisted career woman. She thinks she is more free-flowing than that.” Mary arrived in the Dales in early March in the hopes of repairing her relationship with Rhona. Since Marlon’s (Mark Charnock) stroke, Mary has been a great help to Rhona as she supports her through his recovery. In the same interview, Louise gushed about how “fantastic” it has been working with Zoe and that they actually have some surprising things in common. The actress said: “I didn’t know much about Zoe, so I did a bit of stalking online. I learnt that we come from exactly the same place in Essex - we played in the same parks, we walked in the same forests. “We have a lot in common with each other which is a wonderful coincidence, so we can really identify as mother and daughter. DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton pole dances in Spain after breakup[LATEST]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal[NEWS]Piers Morgan 'more likely to host Meghan's birthday party' says son[INSIGHT] “I think she is fantastic on and off-screen, I feel slightly blessed to have been paired up with her... I feel I have struck gold.” In a separate press conference, Zoe also spoke highly of her on-screen mother, particularly as her arrival coincided with Marlon’s health crisis. She said: “Mary's arrival in the village has been great, even though it's been challenging because they don't necessarily get on. "It's that extra pair of hands to help and Paddy Kirk's around. So, there's a network of people that Rhona's leaning on.” As well as her roles in Emmerdale, Louise is also famed for her stint as Doctor Who’s companion, Leela. She starred alongside Tom Baker’s Fourth Doctor in 1977 and 1978. Louise went on to join the cast of EastEnders in 1998 to play restaurant owner Rosa di Marco. She was a fixture in Albert Square until 2000 and her character eventually died off-screen in 2002. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.