Christian Horner has criticised Mercedes's radically updated design of their W13 in Bahrain. The second three-day pre-season testing period has commenced ahead of next weekend's opening race, and the Silver Arrows have sprung a significant surprise on their rivals. Mercedes showcased precisely why they're pursuing a ninth consecutive Constructors' Championship on Thursday morning, dropping jaws after taking to the Bahrain International Circuit with a new-look car. And it was claimed Horner was not impressed with the changes rival boss Toto Wolff has sanctioned and has already expressed his disagreement. He said: "The new Mercedes violates the spirit of the regulations. For us, some parts are not legal." Red Bull denied the comment in a statement that reads: "Christian Horner has not given any interviews regarding Mercedes’ car. Any quotes being attributed to him this morning are incorrect." But Horner is understood to have indeed spoken to Auto Motor und Sport. JUST IN: First pictures of radical W13 design as Lewis Hamilton shows off new An updated statement from Red Bull said: "So we are clear, we have made no official comment regarding Mercedes’ car and will not be doing so." Mercedes were expected to develop their design after the first testing period last month, admitting they would be analysing their sidepods at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. And the pitlane were left in shock as Lewis Hamilton wheeled onto the track in the Middle East in a W13 with a new, minimised sidepod design. The Silver Arrows have replaced the square intakes from their previous sidepods and instead positioned the cooling inlets higher up. It has left the W13 far more narrow towards its rear and is said to have delivered rapid times in the simulator.  Sky Sports F1 commentator Martin Brundle compared the new, improved W13 to a 'melted bar of chocolate'. "We've already seen this morning with the Mercedes, they have a massive new shape," Brundle explained. "It looks like a bar of chocolate has been left out in the sun and melted, such as the bodywork wrapping around what must be a very creative cooling system on the car. "When we look at all ten teams, how they've interpreted the new rules are quite dramatically different, which is a nice change. READ MORE: F1 threatened with legal action as Russian GP chief makes statement "These three days are critical, an accident or a major reliability issue will hold the team back for the opening part of the season." Hamilton's car isn't bouncing as much as it was in Barcelona. However, it's not all been plain sailing for Mercedes so far in Bahrain, with the Brit complaining about the understeer and there remains plenty of work to do over the coming days.