Mika Hakkinen has suggested the alarm bells should be ringing for Mercedes as their rivals have enjoyed a promising start to the 2022 Formula 1 campaign. Ferrari top both the constructors' and the drivers' standings after two races, with Red Bull also well clear of the defending champions in the early stages of the season. Lewis Hamilton appeared to prove many of Mercedes' doubters wrong with a third-place finish at the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix. That momentum largely evaporated, however, when he finished 10th at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on Sunday, although George Russell has impressed with successive top-five finishes. The latter sits fourth and only three points behind Red Bull star Verstappen—who won on Sunday—but Ferrari are already opening up daylight at the summit. Second-placed Carlos Sainz is eight points clear of his nearest rival, while partner Charles Leclerc is a further 12 points ahead after first and second-placed finishes in Sakhir and Jeddah, respectively. Mercedes had won seven straight Drivers' Championships prior to Red Bull reclaiming the top prize in 2021. However, Hakkinen sees this year's opening results as evidence to the notion Ferrari are ready to re-establish themselves as a heavyweight of the sport. READ MORE: F1 deny teams 'threatened their cars would be seized' during Saudi Arabia meeting  "After two races we can see that there has been a power shift in Formula 1," the two-time world champion wrote in his latest Unibet column. "We knew from the opening race in Bahrain that Charles Leclerc is looking incredibly strong at Ferrari, well supported by team-mate Carlos Sainz. "But now that Red Bull seem to have to have solved the fuel vaporisation problem which caused both cars to retire from the first race, they are just as competitive. It's brilliant to see Ferrari and Red Bull so closely matched, so the question is now to see which one of them can develop their car more quickly."    'The Flying Finn' lauded the "fantastic fight" that took place between Leclerc and Verstappen on Sunday, where the latter ultimately won by half a second. It's likely to be a head-to-head fans will see playing out frequently this season, though Hakkinen also highlighted the importance of how teams develop their cars during race week. Hamilton settled for a solitary point after improving from 15th on the grid to finish 10th overall, having failed to pass an opening qualifier for the first time since November 2017. The seven-time world champion is already playing catch-up as he bids to break the all-time record, with Ferrari's fast progress throwing another spanner in the works.