Cristiano Ronaldo's sister has 'liked' a post claiming the Manchester United star isn't injured for today's derby showdown with Manchester City. The Portugal international had been expected to start the match at the Etihad Stadium. However, he hasn't even been named on the bench as Ralf Rangnick's side seek a return to winning ways. Manchester United go into their match with Manchester City looking to boost their chances of finishing in the top four and qualifying for next season's Champions League. David De Gea starts in goal, in front of a back four consisting of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Alex Telles. In midfield, United have gone with Fred, Scott McTominay, Paul Pogba and Bruno Fernandes. And, with Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani injured, Rangnick has chosen to deploy Anthony Elanga and Jadon Sancho in the attacking positions. Rangnick has insisted Ronaldo is sidelined, saying: "Cristiano had some problems with his hip flexor on Friday and since then, he didn’t train." THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Yet the sister of Ronaldo, Katia Aveiro, has now liked an Instagram post indicating he’d been dropped for tactical reasons. United players are reportedly unhappy and stunned by the absence of the Portugal international. They seemingly wanted Ronaldo to travel to the squad and support them as they look to claim all three points against their rivals. However, the veteran isn’t believed to be at the stadium. And whether United can beat City and boost their chances of qualifying for the Champions League remains to be seen. Meanwhile, Ronaldo has also been linked with a move away from United amid their difficult campaign so far. Paris Saint-Germain have emerged as potential suitors, especially with Kylian Mbappe expected to leave the Parc des Princes. And former United star Luke Chadwick recently opened up on the speculation surrounding Ronaldo, naming Harry Kane, Erling Haaland and Kylian Mbappe as world-class potential replacements. “The one to come in would be Haaland, he’s the one I think everyone would love to see in the red shirt,” Chadwick told Caughtoffside. “I think he’d relish the chance to play alongside someone like Ronaldo. “Working with someone like him would be a huge benefit to him, though obviously I’m sure there’ll be many suitors for Haaland. That just makes it even more vital to secure that fourth spot. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Obviously there’s also Mbappe, but I can’t imagine him signing for a club finishing fourth or fifth in the Premier League, whereas I think Haaland might see United as an opportunity to rejuvenate the club, and there’d be such a buzz about him. “I think he’s more realistic than Mbappe and they’re the top two in world football at the moment. “I don’t think anyone would be disappointed if United signed Harry Kane. He’s a Tottenham legend, a proven goal-scorer. “He’s not been at his best this season but you know he guarantees you goals, and he’d be coming into a United team where you feel he’d be the missing piece of the jigsaw. “It’s not quite happened with Ronaldo, and there’s been the change of manager and some uncertainty behind the scenes. “Pochettino’s obviously managed Kane before and he’s going to want to sign players he knows and trusts.”