The 61-year-old actor, who portrayed Dwayne Myers on Death in Paradise, was eliminated from Strictly Come Dancing in 2018 during week eight following allegations of backstage bullying. However, the Red Dwarf star has branded the allegations "baloney" during a podcast interview about the BBC dance competition. Danny even called the popular show "dirty" and "filthy". Danny addressed the claims on the My Time Capsule podcast, which is hosted by Michael Fenton Stevens. "It's a dirty show on that level. On that level it's a filthy show - It's based on tabloid stories," he commented. "The thing about Strictly is that it doesn't matter who you are, you're going into a well-oiled machine which at that time was the biggest show on telly. "I already knew when I went in there what they were expecting of me. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? "Because I wasn't giving them anything to chew on, they just went out there and made it up. "I said to everyone, what did I do then, what did I actually do that everyone was so unhappy about? I don't know, nobody has actually told me. "They came up with this cockamamie story about bullying basically - it was basically dog-whistling, that I was bullying my partner." A BBC spokesperson told The Mirror Danny's claim was "categorically untrue".  Danny was alleged to have sworn at his dance partner, telling her: "I'm the star, not you." The actor told the podcast host: "What I want to know is why was a tabloid journalist backstage in one of the judge's dressing rooms? "The first person I looked down on when I came out on the set that night when I was evicted was a tabloid journalist sitting right there on the stairway, having just come out of Shirley Ballas' dressing room." He said he had never heard of the media being backstage on any show other than Strictly Come Dancing. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise’s Marlon Pryce star details filming challenges  [LATEST]Danny John Jules: Who are the Death in Paradise star's children? [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise star shares first impression of ‘crazy’ newcomer [INTERVIEW] Danny continued: "That was the night I was evicted. I knew I was going home that night. "So apparently after I got evicted I went into the bar cursing everybody saying I should have won, they're all idiots. "My mother was there, 84-year-old mother, with my niece and oldest friends, and that's what [the newspapers] said I was doing. "It's baloney, every word of it is baloney."  Danny, who left Death in Paradise in 2018, returned as a guest star on the crime drama's Christmas Special in 2021. The actor is now playing the lead in the stage version of the best-selling novel The Da Vinci Code. The theatre production, which is running until the end of April, follows the story of professor Robert Langdon and cryptologist Sophie Neveu solving riddles in Europe. Death in Paradise series 11 is now available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 