Dangerous driving and issues of drivers under the influence of drugs are a growing problem according to worried residents in the North of England, with incidents involving laughing gas a concern among younger drivers. The issue was highlighted in Yorkshire where one councillor, Amanda Parsons-Hulse said she had received numerous complaints in the past few months about speeding. There had also been a serious accident in the area where young people using nitrous oxide had lost control of a car at a corner, ploughing into the wall of a resident’s home, reported the local Telegraph and Argus. At a recent council meeting Ms Parsons-Hulse asked: “It is becoming increasingly worse – can you tell us what you intend to do about this situation? “How do you plan to deal with this dangerous driving and what are you doing about the use of nitrous oxide?" READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £200 just for touching a mobile phone It is illegal to drive while under the influence of laughing gas and canisters are often found scattered around car parks. A Teeside police force spokesperson said: "The fact that canisters are often found in car parks may suggest that they are being used by people who go on to drive vehicles. "Just like drink-driving, driving whilst high is an offence and could result in a fine, driving ban or a prison sentence. “The consequences of using nitrous oxide are no laughing matter." DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Major UK city to ban petrol and diesel cars [WARNING]Parking law changes will 'protect car park users' with reduced fines [INSIGHT] The Cabinet member for Public Services and Communities, Councillor Jenny Lynn said it was a very important issue for the borough’s Community Safety Partnership (CSP), of which she was co-chair. She said that the CSP had provided an ongoing significant amount of money towards West Yorkshire Police’s Operation Hawmill – which targets issues including dangerous driving. And that additional traffic police deployed until the early hours of the morning to try and catch people in the act. Just last year a hit-and-run driver was seen inhaling from a laughing gas balloon before he killed a father of two with his pick up truck. A 21-year-old Gary Haffenden of Surrey was already on bail for another crash. CCTV footage showed him sucking on a balloon thought to be filled with nitrous oxide just ten minutes before he struck Syed Zaidi at 67mph in a 40mph zone. Police later found his abandoned truck with 17 empty nitrous oxide canisters inside. Haffenden, who didn’t stop to check on the man he killed, received just three years in prison. That was despite his being on bail at the time having already put a man in hospital for five weeks in a different crash two years previously. Again he failed to stop at the scene, and again police found nitrous oxide canisters in his vehicle. The man he hit had to be cut out of his Skoda with two broken legs and knees and will need a crutch to walk for the rest of his life.