Former Chelsea boss Maurizio Sarri is plotting to take advantage of the ongoing turmoil at Stamford Bridge by making a move to sign Kepa Arrizabalaga, according to reports in Italy. The Lazio chief is keen on reuniting with the Spanish shot-stopper - although there are significant financial obstacles standing in the way of a deal. Arrizabalaga was the Blues' club-record signing before Romelu Lukaku returned to London in the summer, with Chelsea paying £72million to Athletic Bilbao for his services back in 2018. However, the 27-year-old has lost the No 1 jersey to Edouard Mendy, who has been in stunning form since arriving at the club in September 2020. And while Kepa impressed while Mendy was absent for the Africa Cup of Nations earlier this year, it's clear that the Senegalese star is Thomas Tuchel's first-choice shot-stopper - meaning a summer exit could be on the cards for Arrizabalaga. According to Corriere della Sera, via SportWitness, Sarri 'would gladly resume' his relationship with Arrizabalaga if Chelsea are willing to offload the 27-year-old. Sarri spent a year working with Kepa before he quit Stamford Bridge to return to Italy with Juventus. READ MORE: Arsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held And while the pair's relationship at Chelsea came under scrutiny after their remarkable bust-up in the 2019 Carabao Cup final, Sarri is still keen on bringing Arrizabalaga to Serie A. However, any deal for Arrizabalaga would be complicated. The 'cost of the transfer' is the main obstacle, with the Blues unlikely to allow their £72m man to walk away for an insignificant sum. But the Spaniard's salary, which the report estimates to be around €7m (£5.9m) a year would scupper any chance of a move to Lazio - unless Chelsea are willing to get creative. The report outlines that the 'only viable option' for the Londoners would be for them to heavily subsidise a loan move for Arrizabalaga; meaning that Lazio would potentially only be expected to pay a fraction of the goalkeeper's handsome salary. DON'T MISS...Ferdinand fears Ten Hag or Pochettino won't want FernandesMan Utd star Luke Shaw branded 'smug' after aiming dig at Red DevilsErling Haaland 'drops wage demands' after talks with Premier League Although it remains to be seen if Chelsea would have the appetite to actually facilitate such a deal, it's not implausible to expect exits from Stamford Bridge in the summer - regardless of whoever succeeds in purchasing the club from Roman Abramovich. A plethora of prospective owners have been whittled down to just four in the last week, with the hope that any deal for the club could be concluded before the end of the Premier League season. The four parties hoping to wrap up a deal for the reigning European champions include a consortium headed by LA Dodgers co-owner Todd Boehly. The owners of the Chicago Cubs, the Ricketts family, are also in the race while a consortium fronted by British Airways chairman, Sir Martin Broughton - who also has the backing of Sebastian Coe - are another party in the mix. Boston Celtics co-owner Stephen Pagliuca is the final name in the frame for the Londoners.