Liverpool's 2-0 triumph over Arsenal on Wednesday night saw them close the gap to Premier League leaders Manchester City to just one point and leave Gary Neville red-faced. With an epic title race in the offing, the former Manchester United defender's early-season claims that "something is not right" with Jurgen Klopp's side have come back to bite him. Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmino were on the scoresheet at the Emirates as the Reds continued to close the gap on reigning Premier League champions City. Pep Guardiola's side were 13 points clear at the summit in mid-January, but Liverpool's relentless form, coupled with some City slip-ups, has seen that gap closed to set up a dramatic finale to this Premier League season. However, it's a turn of events that was unforeseen by one of the game's most revered pundits. Back in early September, Neville insisted there was something amiss at Liverpool this season as he claimed Klopp's side were past their peak. The Sky Sports analyst admitted: "I was at the game on Saturday, Liverpool v Chelsea, and I said afterwards - sometimes you can't put your finger on it [but] something's not right. Not bad. There's no massive spirit issue, or the manager falling out with players. Nothing like that. JUST IN: Liverpool star 'captivating' AC Milan after Klopp discusses exit  "But there is something just missing. I remember going three years ago and thinking 'we [United] are in trouble'. Two years ago thinking, 'we are in serious trouble'. The crowd. The players. The speed of the football. The front three. Alisson and Van Dijk came. Oh dear. They are going to win the league. "You can just feel it and see when something is right. It's just not there [now], that team has gone a little bit just over the edge. They are not the team they were two years ago. "They are a good team by the way - they will win a lot of games. They'll go close. But I don't think they are there. There is something just not quite right." A relentless run of nine straight Premier League wins has seen the Reds reel City back to within a point atop the table, with Luis Diaz the only name added to Klopp's ranks in January. Neville may well have insisted that Liverpool were not the force they once were at the start of this campaign, but if anything, the Reds have proven they are better than ever as their quadruple charge continues. 