Bargain Hunt is back in its regular slot on BBC One and the daytime TV series features a number of experts. Tim Weeks said being a part of the team is a "dream come true" and he dedicates a lot of time to auctioneering. As for his personal life, he has also opened up about his relationship. Tim is a director, auctioneer, valuer and cataloguer for Wessex Auction Rooms. Outside of his day job, he offers the red and blue teams valuable advice on Bargain Hunt. He has a "genuine love" for his job and is inspired by those he has worked with in the industry. But outside of work, he has discussed some of his other passions in life. The star is married to his wife Alexa, and they have two children, Albie and Bella. READ MORE: Philip Serrell age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? He said he loved to spend his free time "having fun and lots of madness" with his family. He joked: "They all boss me around." The star is on Instagram but his profile is set to private, so not much is known about his family life. He did reveal how he no longer collects anything as his money is spent on his children. The auctioneer said: "I try not to [collect] anymore! I used to collect loads. "Football programmes, toys, vinyls, ceramics but I tend to spend my money on the kids instead of me these days." His favourite items at auction as still 1980s toys, music records, 20th Century Decorative Arts and silver. Away from his auctioneer role, he is hosting his own weekly radio show on BBC Wiltshire. Although he is a man in high demand, he is equally as passionate about his wife and children. He and his family live in Chippenham, northwest Wiltshire. DON'T MISS... Raj Bisram age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? [EXPLAINER] Bargain Hunt's Charlie Ross on biggest break 'Fate of circumstance' [INTERVIEW] Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with? [INSIGHT] The star discussed how he came to make his first appearance on Bargain Hunt. He said: "I was co-presenting BBC One’s Street Auction when the boss at Bargain Hunt called me asking me to consider a screen test. "I feel very fortunate to be involved in such a British television institution." If he had not pursued his love for bargain hunting, he joked he would have loved to have become a footballer. The star said: "Naturally, I would be playing in centre midfield for Arsenal. "However, the pull of antiques was just way too strong." On why he chose a career in antiques, he described it as being the "new rock 'n' roll". "There is the unpredictability of what items you will find each day and when you get up on that rostrum, the room is all yours," he said. "Time to perform! It’s so exciting."  Bargain Hunt airs on weekdays on BBC One at 12.15pm.