Death in Paradise star Ralf Little has been cheekily told off by his friend and podcast co-host Will Mellor as they continue to travel around the country for their Two Pints Live! With Will Mellor & Ralf Little tour. Taking to Instagram, Ralf laughed as he was berated by the former Hollyoaks star, who was struggling to turn down the temperature of the heated seats of the car the duo were travelling in. In view of his 125,000 followers, Ralf, who plays DI Neville Parker on the hit BBC whodunnit series, filmed himself and Will as they travelled in between shows. Sitting in the back of the car, Ralf asked his podcast co-host: "What's the matter with you?" Looking agitated, Will replied: "The f***ing heated seat's on," as Ralf erupted into laughter. In an expletive-ridden rant, he went on: "Get it off I'm sweating, f***ing hell I'm roasting here! READ MORE: Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis "How do you get it off?" he asked the BBC star who continued to find the situation amusing. Will continued: "How do you do it, you t***." The former Hollyoaks actor was seemingly having trouble locating the controls to turn off the car's heated seats as he told Ralf that he was struggling to see. He went on: "I can't see, you know I can't see. "I can't even see, where's the f***ing heater!" he raged as Ralf collapsed with laughter. Will continued to rage: "Seriously Ralf, seat heating, get that f***er off." As the Broadchurch star continued to struggle with turning the heating off, Ralf couldn't control himself any longer and leant forward in a fit of hysterics at his friend's frustration. Having seemingly managed to turn off the heated seats following the struggle, Will finally relaxed. DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [INSIGHT]Alec Baldwin offers support to Chris Rock after Will Smith slap [UPDATE]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [ANALYSIS] He said: "Oh my God, it's roasting," he added before the clip ended. Ralf's update comes a week after he shared a slip-up with fans as he prepared for his upcoming tour with co-host Will. Sharing an update on day two, he revealed how he was made to feel like a "tool". In the snap, added to Ralf's story, he looks furious as he holds up a stained white knitted jumper. The caption reads: "Love it when you spill coffee all down your knitwear like a tool #hadashocker." The pair have been sharing behind-the-scenes moments as they travel around the country on their tour. Ralf and Will first acted together on the huge sitcom Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps and went on to set up a podcast in 2020. You can purchase tickets for the Two Pints Live! With Will Mellor & Ralf Little tour here.