Dr Michael Mosley has revamped his Fast 800 diet to incorporate elements of a keto diet. The weight loss guru believes this is now the best plan to follow if you’re looking to lose weight as it is “safe and effective” when it comes to keeping the weight off in the long term. He also spoke about why people put on weight after following a diet and it comes down to eating enough of one thing. Many rapid weight loss plans have been criticised as being ineffective after an initial period of weight loss. The Fast 800 Keto builds on two diet trends - intermittent fasting and calorie restrictions, and the high-fat, low-carb keto diet. So is this another crash diet? Dr Michael responded: “Well, it’s a rapid weight loss diet which is not the same thing. “A crash diet is something slightly crazy, unplanned, not based on science, like the cabbage soup diet. READ MORE: Weight loss: How to 'easily' slim down during menopause “Whereas this is rapid weight loss diet based on a great deal of science and a number of studies carried out…have show that rapid weight loss - if done properly - can be much more effective and sustainable than slow and steady.” In terms of the keto element to the Fast 800 diet, Dr Michael explained: “Keto diet has been around for more than 100 years. “It’s a diet, broadly speaking, where you’re eating a very low carbohydrate diet, less than 50g a day. “And it’s relatively high fat, and when you’re doing that your body switches from burning sugar to burning fat. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly 'happier and healthier' after losing almost a stone [PICTURES]Prince Harry's 'change of diet' is 'indicative of Meghan’s influence' [INSIDER]Fitness: 4 'huge reminders' for anyone wanting to tackle gym anxiety [GUIDE] “It does that by converting your fat stores into something called ketone bodies, which your body and brain then use as fuel. “It’s become very popular as a way of losing and keeping off weight, and that is largely because when you go into a state of ketosis, that suppresses a hunger hormone called ghrelin so you stop feeling hungry and stop having cravings. “The disadvantage is that you’re on a very high fat diet, which lots of people don’t want to do and it isn’t healthy in the long term. “So what I’m proposing is rather a shorter term solution, which is combined with intermittent fasting and it’s a relatively low calorie as well as a low carb diet. “And that means you can eat a reasonable amount of healthy protein and fats - I describe it as a Mediterranean style diet.” Dr Michael said adults need around 60g of protein a day - more if you’re looking to lose weight. If you aren’t eating this amount, “your body will cannibalise your muscles and your metabolic rate will go down” this meaning it is harder to lose weight or weight creeps back on. The expert added: “If you do a safe and effective rapid weight loss diet, two to three years down the road you’ll keep most of that weight off. “So the idea that rapid weight loss is crazy, is just not true. “Do it properly, and it can be very effective in the short, medium and long term. “Indeed the amount of weight you lose in the first four weeks of a diet is the best a predictor of how long you’ll keep the weight off for,” he told Australia's RN Breakfast with Patricia Karvelas.