Britons signing up to fight alongside Ukrainians say they are doing it out of "solidarity" and because "it's the right thing to do". A steady stream of people, some with military experience and others who have never seen action, arrived at the Ukrainian embassy in west London on Tuesday to volunteer to fight against Russia's invasion. Roger Conway, from Newcastle, immediately sent his information to an email address on a piece of paper handed to him at the embassy gate. Mr Conway told TalkRADIO: "We're not doing anything. There's a lot of work and sending support but Europe's doing nothing. "Solidarity doesn't look real if you don't do anything." He has no Army or conflict experience but is keen to help. He added: "I've never been in but I've not got kids, I'm 34, feel fit. READ MORE: Fury as homes set to be built on beautiful greenbelt land "We've convinced ourselves that we're stepping in and we're helping by having Facebook photos and tweeting solidarity but it doesn't really make a difference to anyone. "Solidarity doesn't look real if you don't do anything." Asked if he is scared, he said: "Possibly a little but that's no reason not to do anything in life. I'm ready, I think." While he does not know any Ukrainians well, he said he has the impression they are "nice people" after spending six weeks travelling around the country in 2018, including to Kyiv, Odesa and Kharkiv. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has announced the formation of an "international legion" to help defend his country and appealed to foreign volunteers to come forward, promising them arms to fight against Russian troops. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she would "absolutely" support British nationals who chose to go to help fight against the Russian invasion, though several of her Cabinet colleagues and Downing Street officials later effectively contradicted her, discouraging people from going. Mr Conway described it as a "bit cowardly" of Ms Truss not to send UK troops while "egging on possibly untrained civilians", though he said he is not "doing it for Liz Truss". Liam Hawkins, 30, drove to the Ukrainian embassy from Deptford, south east London, to sign up to help refugees stuck at the border in a humanitarian capacity. DON'T MISS Restaurant hits back at moaning diner who keeps coming back [INSIGHT]Final death knell for Nord Stream 2: Firm goes bankrupt [ANALYSIS]Truss crushes Belarus as UK directly targets officials with sanctions [VIDEO] The 30-year-old father told reporters: "I haven't slept since this invasion and I just can't stay at home with my babies and my missus and do nothing. "Right is right and wrong is wrong, regardless of nationality or creed or whatever. "I've got a good life here in England, I've got a good job, I make plenty of money. "Sit there and count your money when this is going on next door? Doesn't mean nothing, so I'm going to do the right thing. "I know it's dangerous, people are trying to talk me out of it, but I believe I can make a difference."