A recent survey conducted by Carers UK found 58 percent of unpaid carers have cut back on heating and 14 percent have already fallen into arrears with their energy bills. On top of this, inflation has caused the cost of living to skyrocket which has resulted in many looking for support from the DWP, notably through Carer’s Allowance. However, one carer named Gary is sharing how the current amount provided by Carer’s Allowance is not enough for him and his wife Natasha in light of their needs. Having cared for Natasha over the last four years following a spinal injury, Gary has had to rely on support from the benefits system in order to maintain a decent standard of living. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the unpaid carer shared the financial difficulties that arise from looking after someone full-time and the support he is currently receiving. Gary explained: “We rely on Universal Credit and we’ve had to use food banks. I’ve noticed our food and energy bills rising sharply. “Natasha’s medical condition means that our home must be kept warm. If it isn’t, she suffers pain in her legs and feet. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim “I’m worried I will have to go back to work if I cannot make ends meet, even though my wife needs a lot of care.” He added: “At the moment, I'm getting the Carer's Allowance which is £67 a week and Natasha gets her PIP. “The £67 unpaid carers get is just a bit of an insult really. "Even if the Government met the people who spend time caring for someone for 35 hours a week, which is a minimum, and gave them the minimum wage, that should help a lot of people out a lot.”  Like many unpaid carers, Gary has to spend any payments he receives on keeping electronic payment up and running to help his wife function on a day-to-day basis. Breaking down the various costs he needs to spend his Carer’s Allowance on, Gary outlined the reality for many unpaid carers in the UK. He added: “We have one electricity meter and obviously we have to top it up, so we have to move our money from other bills to do that.” “I have a CPAP machine for sleep apnea so I need to power that concoction in at night. “My wife needs to charge her scooter and equipment. We have laundries nearly every day, because of my wife's condition. “One of the side effects include an occasional incontinence and things. The washing machine and tumble dryer kept things washed and dried, they are constantly on the go. “As we live in a rural village, we have limited shops here so to do a more cost-effective shop or go to the food bank we have to drive a six mile round trip daily. “It doesn't sound much but it does when you have to do it daily. Natasha also has appointments because she has to see specialists and she's since been diagnosed with a hernia. “We were going to, but can't afford to, go to neurotherapy, which communicates the brain with the spinal cord to help her to get her mobility back. “That's so expensive at £85 an hour and travelling to Northampton on top of that with petrol, most things have to go on hold to manage our living costs.” Express.co.uk has contacted the DWP asking for comment.