Passengers no longer need to wear masks on the Tube and other transport in the capital, Transport for London (TfL) had earlier announced. TfL said it would continue to strongly recommend masks are worn but would no longer make them mandatory.  The change came into effect at the same time as laws requiring self-isolation for people with coronavirus were lifted in England by Boris Johnson. However, some passengers travelling in the Tube have termed the new rules “absurd”. Trade Unionist Paul Embery tweeted: “Currently on a train into London. Announcement: ‘While it is no longer a legal requirement to wear a face covering, please respect your fellow passengers by wearing one if you can.’ “So there is no compelling legal/medical reason, but we should wear one out of ‘respect’? Absurd.”   TfL said that face coverings had been shown to reduce transmission of COVID-19 and boost passenger confidence in using public transport. The Tube was one of the most affected forms of transport at the start of the pandemic, with passenger numbers falling to as little as 4 percent of normal levels. The Mayor of London had earlier said: “We know that face coverings remain a simple, effective measure that give Londoners confidence to travel, and following clear advice from public health advisers, TfL will likely continue to recommend their use on the network. “I urge passengers to be considerate of their fellow Londoners and continue to wear a face-covering where appropriate unless exempt.” READ MORE: Putin hints at imminent climbdown as Russia sets out key demand  Mr Khan also said in order for restrictions to be lifted “in the safest possible way”, the Government “must rethink its plans to abandon free testing” as well as ensuring financial support for those that cannot work from home if they test positive. He had said: “We cannot have a situation where only the well-off can afford to ‘live with Covid’ safely or one where we’re not keeping an eye on new variants posing a risk to the country.” Another Twitter user, Ladyradicalofthethread, tweeted: “Doing that bus-train-tube-train thing again. “My very unscientific observation is that the closer you are to central London the less the mask wearing.” DON'T MISS:Rishi Sunak deemed to be ‘shrunken politically’ ahead of the budgetRoyal fans gush over Charles and Camilla after latest postUkraine horror as Russian troops take HUNDREDS hostage in Mariupol Another Twitter user, PatoGotico, tweeted: “I was in London last month and on the tube most people weren't wearing face coverings...despite the recommendations to wear one. “And I was asked to put on a mask as I was entering one shop...only one shop.” 