Danni Menzies, 32, has shared a post by a co-worker on Instagram, which shows her wearing blue denim jeans with a funky design. The A Place In The Sun star can be seen posing from behind as she’s all dressed up. Danni was filmed in a short clip as she wore blue jeans with red lighting stripes on both sides of the back. The clip was in full view of Danni’s 94,800 followers. Her co-star @OfficalGraceWebb, with whom Danni works alongside for the company Formula Woman Racing, shared her cheeky reaction to the look. She included the caption: “It’s the jeans for me!” READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award Danni was also wearing a silky white shirt to match her jeans as she flaunted for the camera. The pair are working for Formula Woman Racing, which encourages young women to chase their dreams of becoming a Formula 1 driver with little experience. The A Place In The Sun star has also pressed her followers to ask her questions using the Instagram story feature. She said: “Just getting myself a hot tea because it’s freezing! “So Grace and I just did a wee live which you can catch on Formula Woman’s IGTV, answering loads of questions that people have sent in about Formula women and what it is. “So head over there and have a wee look. “Right now, I’m at the Croft circuit still and we’re down to the final 15 girls. “They are currently setting their times on the track in the jag and it is really slippy, but so far, they’re pretty quick.” DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] Formula Woman Racing will be around once again next year, and women from above the age of 17 with a full driving license are legible to apply. Danni joined the company following her departure from A Place in the Sun in February, after filming her last show on February 10. She confirmed she had quit the show a week prior, and announced it on Instagram. The star said: “After six years on the show and about a hundred shows filmed, I've decided to hang up my summer dresses.” Danni said: “The show has been such a huge part of my life. “I’d just like to thank and send love to all of the wonderful people I've met on this journey who made it so special.” Danni also confirmed at the time that she will be on other shows throughout the year. She had said on her Instagram: “I have loads of new shows coming out over the next year. “SO I’ll be bringing you the sunshine and fab property searches on @channel4 for a while.”