Chelsea star Mason Mount claims that he and his team-mates are being kept in the dark surrounding the Blues' ownership situation. A change of hands is expected over the coming days as the transition process continues, with Roman Abramovich effectively forced to step aside after being slapped with UK government sanctions that saw his assets frozen earlier this month. Abramovich announced his intention to sell Chelsea just one week before he was targeted by the UK government due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The action effectively left the west London club cut off from their owner's money, while preventing them from selling tickets or offering new player contracts. A special license was granted that would allow them to fulfil fixtures and pay staff, by which time manager Thomas Tuchel claimed that he would drive the team to games if needed. Amendments to the license were recently put in place to allow Chelsea fans to attend some of their upcoming matches. Amid the chaos, a six-game winning run shows that Tuchel has done well to keep his players' minds focused. The Independent claim that four parties are still in with a chance of succeeding Abramovich, who bought the club in 2003, but Mount claims that the players know nothing. JUST IN: Harry Kane sends Wayne Rooney warning as he closes in on England record "I’ve been at the club since I was six-years-old and something like this has not happened before, so it can be a concern," he admitted, "At the beginning, and even now, we don’t really know where it’s going and what’s happening the next day. "So it’s difficult. But we focus on our football and what we can do is try and win as many games as we can. Obviously I’m away with England, so that stuff is kind of parked and I’m focusing on England duty and what I can do while I’m away. DON'T MISS: England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate (NEWS)4 England u21 stars who can still make World Cup after Andorra win (INSIGHT)Arsenal star Smith Rowe misses England training again to create doubt (INJURIES) "And then, when I go back to Chelsea next week, I’m sure we will be informed about what’s going on because I haven’t heard anything recently. It can sometimes be hard to focus on football when a lot of things is going on around you. "But I feel like it has made it a bit easier, that there are so many games to play that we have to focus ourselves on what’s happening on the pitch. Hopefully that can continue. You don’t know what’s going on from day to day, so to focus on football is all we can do."  With a two-legged Champions League quarter-final against Real Madrid and an FA Cup semi-final against Crystal Palace both on the horizon, Chelsea are undoubtedly hopeful that their behind-the-scenes issue can be resolved quickly. Raine Group, who are handling the sale, have reportedly whittled the candidates down after final bids were submitted. The Boehly consortium, Broughton consortium, Ricketts family and Boston Celtics co-ownert Stephen Pagliuca are believed to be the quartet still in contention as fans wait to discover who may or may not be able to take their club forward. 