Prince Harry, 37, is to miss his grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service, it has been confirmed. The Duke of Sussex will not return to the UK from the US to join the Royal Family at the high-profile occasion in Westminster Abbey on March 29, a spokesperson for the duke confirmed. Royal commentator Matt de Groot has since claimed Harry's security demands, which could be the reason for not returning, have been from "bad advice". Speaking to Australian morning show Sunrise, Mr De Groot said: "You look at a bloke who is out of touch with reality, it's that bloke right there. "They spend one half of their life talking about being determined to be private and being determined to stay away from the public eye. "They spend the other half of their life selling their story to the highest bidder then he wants to step away from the Royal Family, then wants the royal protection, then he doesn't even realised you can go the UK and hire your own security. "If nothing else just buy your own security. READ MORE: Prince Harry slammed for UK security demands by Vine guest "Every move they make, every piece of advice they give, and every statement he makes publicly takes him further and further away from the guy that three years ago we thought was going to save the Royal Family. "Now he's making blunder after blunder." Host Kylie Gillies added: "You can do both, it would mean the world to the family. "There's no reason why he cannot." Mr De Groot continued: "It's only because he's being given bad advice and being petty. "There's just no other for it and he's making a bad choice." Harry hopes to visit his grandmother the Queen soon, the spokesperson added. It comes as the duke has pursued a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan sparking 'disenchantment' in Americans [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry drops major hint into Netflix deal after latest event [VIDEO]Prince Andrew set to 'bank-rolled' by Queen for the 'rest of his life' [INSIGHT] He was last in London in the summer of 2021, when it is understood his security was compromised after his car was chased by paparazzi photographers as he left a charity event. The duke wants to bring his son Archie and baby daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a legal representative previously said. The judge in the High Court case, Mr Justice Swift, will give his ruling on February's preliminary proceedings, part of which may be confidential, at a later date. Philip died just under a year ago in April 2021 at the age of 99.