Lionel Messi was involved in an uncomfortable moment with a pitch invader after Argentina's draw against Ecuador on Wednesday night. The over-excited fan filmed himself sprinting toward Messi from the stands before trying to get a photo by grabbing the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner by the neck. Ecuador and Argentina had already booked their place in this winter's 2022 World Cup in Qatar and will be included in Friday's highly-anticipated group stage draw. But they clashed in their final CONMEBOL qualifying fixture at a jam-packed 59,000-capacity Estadio Monumental Banco Pichincha. Manchester City's latest signing, Julian Alvarez, who started on the right of Messi in Argentina's attack, opened the scoring on 24 minutes. But the hosts looked the better team and made their pressure count as Enner Valencia missed a 93rd-minute penalty before slotting the rebound home past Geronimo Rulli. But one of the biggest talking points of the night arose after the game had concluded as an Ecuador supporter raced past security and undoubtedly breached Messi's comfort zone. He posted the footage onto social media, featuring the clearly-shaken Paris Saint-Germain superstar trying to push him away before security reached him. JUST IN: Man Utd star Nemanja Matic admits atmosphere at club 'not fantastic' The overzealous fan may have successfully captured the screenshot he wanted, as Messi did glance at his phone camera for a brief second. However, he almost certainly isn't in the 34-year-old's good books, given his less-than-pleased reaction to the stunt. Messi failed to add to his tally of 81 international goals against Ecuador, but he will be leading his nation into what could be his final World Cup later this year. Argentina will be in Pot 1 of Friday's draw, alongside the likes of England, Brazil and France. Ecuador, meanwhile, are in Pot 4. READ MORE: PSV ace Cody Gakpo told Arsenal would be a 'really good' move Argentina were comfortable qualifiers from the CONMEBOL section, finishing second in the group behind the new FIFA number-one nation Brazil. Lionel Scaloni's side were undefeated in all 17 of their qualifying fixtures, a feat matched by Brazil, scoring 27 goals and conceding eight times. Ecuador will be less confident heading into the tournament, and not just because of their Pot 4 status. Gustavo Alfaro's men narrowly escaped the group. They finished fourth with seven wins and six defeats, just two points ahead of Peru in the play-off position and three points ahead of Colombia, eliminated in sixth with fewer losses. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.