Diabetes can be broken down into two different types, but it is type 2 that accounts for the majority of cases. The condition is largely understood as a lifelong disease, but where lifestyle is the cause, some cases could be reversed. Weight loss and a healthy diet are equally as important from prevention as they are for treatment. But one supplement may also benefit diabetics by increasing insulin sensitivity and lowering blood sugar levels. Milk thistle is imbued with antioxidants that may confer protection against high blood sugar levels. The plant, which is widely touted for its health and medicinal benefits, has traditionally been used to cure a variety of ailments. These health benefits stretch from brain function to liver and bone health, but diabetics may benefit from the plant too. The anti-diabetic effects of milk thistle have been credited to the plant's ability to increase insulin sensitivity. READ MORE: Diabetes: Covid infection could lead to high blood sugar - symptoms In boosting the production of insulin in the pancreas, blood sugar levels may eventually fall. One study performed on a sample of 51 diabetic participants, confirmed these effects. Subjects were assigned to receive either a daily milk thistle supplement, or a placebo, and were examined at monthly intervals. Fasting blood glucose levels decreased from 156 mg/dL of blood to 133 mg/dL, while the placebo’s fasting blood glucose dropped from 167 to 188 mg/dL. Lead author of the study, Fallah Huseini, from the Institute of Medicinal Plants, said: “The results are very encouraging, and we now need to do further large multi-centre studies.” The researchers noted: “The results show that although there were no statistically significant differences between the two groups of patients at the beginning of the study, milk thistle extracts significantly lower fasting blood glucose levels in diabetics at the end of the study." The herbal supplement was also shown to have a significant lowering effect on LDL cholesterol levels in diabetics. In fact, LDL cholesterol levels were reduced by 12 percent, as was total cholesterol, after treatment with the milk thistle supplements. The pancreas produces the hormone insulin to take up blood sugar in the blood, allowing it to enter the cells where it is converted to energy. When insulin sensitivity decreases or production of the hormone ceases altogether, blood sugar levels grow. High blood sugar, also known as hyperglycaemia, can lead to serious health problems if left unmanaged for a long period of time. Firstly, it can damage the vessels supplying blood to vital organs, which in turn hikes the risk of stroke, kidney problems and vision problems. But nerve issues - such as peripheral neuropathy - may also arise, which could lead to amputations in severe cases. Symptoms of high blood sugar may include increased thirst, a frequent need to pee, unintentional weight loss and tiredness. Signs that blood sugar levels have been high for prolonged periods of time, however, may include a tingling sensation or numbness in the hands and feet. These symptoms are usually indicative of nerve damage in the body's extremities, where the nerves are more sensitive to touch.