After the initial recovery from coronavirus, some people still battle symptoms that can last for weeks or months. Long Covid, also known as post-COVID-19 syndrome, has been estimated to affect 1.3 million people in the UK. And this can also include children; here’s the “main” symptom to spot. Speaking on ITV’s This Morning, Dr Sara said: “We do know that long Covid does still affect children. “And of the main symptoms of long Covid can be fatigue. “And that can be something that can last with children for a long period of time.” However, fatigue, also described as “extreme tiredness”, isn’t the only long-term symptom patients can experience. READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine side effects: New documents uncover a shocking 158,000 adverse events According to the NHS, other long Covid signs include: The health service advises speaking to a GP if symptoms like these persist for four weeks after you battled the infection.  Commenting on the symptoms in children, the doctor added: “It’s something that we, obviously, want to try and avoid. “And vaccination is one way to try and do that." The doctor believes that with everything we know about Covid at the moment and the safety of the vaccine, the benefits outweigh the risks. However, new research by polling firm Findoutnow.co.uk revealed that just a quarter of parents will let their primary school children have the Covid jab. The same poll showed that further 33 percent of parents are still “unsure” about vaccinating their children. This comes as the UK’s vaccine rollout is set to reach five to 11 years olds by next month. Dr Sara explained this is a “large” number of parents and they need to be given enough information “to resolve any anxieties” they might have. “Schools are the main areas of spreading - it’s a high risk area,” Dr Sara noted. She continued: “So far, half a million children who are deemed high risk have been already offered the vaccination. “And the roll-out plan is to give it to another six million children in that age group.” The bottom line is that while many parents might believe Covid is mild for children, even younger age groups can be targeted by the long-term effects. The TV doctor concluded that because of this and the evidence we have so far, the jabs could aid children as well.