WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Ozark season four, part two. Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) is hell-bent on revenge in the latest trailer for the fourth and final season of Ozark. The Netflix crime drama has proven a hit for the worldwide streamer, but a huge number of the show’s fans were rendered disappointed and frustrated when a key character was seemingly shot dead in the new preview. The final trailer for Ozark’s last episodes appears to confirm Javier ‘Javi’ Elizondro (Alfonso Herrera) will be killed off when the series returns. In the latest footage, Ruth continues her tirade against Wendy (Laura Linney) and Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) and the Navarro cartel following the death of her cousin Wyatt (Charlie Tahan). After Jonah (Skylar Gaertner) informed her Javi killed both Wyatt and Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery), Ruth will stop at nothing to get her revenge after losing her entire family. Her mission seemingly begins when she takes a pistol and shoots Javi in broad daylight in front of a number of witnesses. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith She may then decide to set her sights on the Byrdes for trying to cover up Javi killing her cousin. However, before the score is settled, several fans have reacted unfavourably to the rather revealing new trailer. Game Over Movie Reviews warned viewers on Twitter: “Ozark fans, do not watch the trailer for part two of the new season!! “There is a blatant and absolutely ridiculous spoiler in it. FFS!” And Myke C-Town said: “OK…I know they didn’t just put a big a** spoiler in this new Ozark trailer, right? “This BETTER be a dream sequence or some s**t, Netflix. If you haven’t watched the trailer… don’t.” A number of other fans have speculated the scene may not actually happen in real life, especially after the season three trailer pulled a similar trick. On YouTube, commenter Duane Allicock said: “Season three trailer. Marty getting shot by Wendy in the middle of a road turned out to be a dream sequence.” DON'T MISS:Top Boy season 2: Ashley Walters admits co-star Kano rewrote scenes [INSIGHT]Virgin River's Benjamin Hollingsworth defends Will Smith slap [OPINION]Bridgerton season 2: Edwina star’s huge lie to avoid spoilers [INTERVIEW] And RABD added: “Yeah I suspect that wasn't real. Either a dream sequence, or maybe he survives somehow.” Given Javi appears to get shot in the chest twice at point-blank range, his survival seems unlikely if the shooting does actually take place. Even if the trailer is misleading the audience, many viewers still weren’t happy to see such a pivotal moment revealed in the final look at Ozark’s last season. R Baz replied: “Why show Ruth killing Javi in this trailer? Massive spoiler ffs... I hope it was just Ruth's dream.” On Twitter, Matt Craine said: “Well, don't watch the trailer for #Ozark season four part two unless you want a lot of spoilers. Terrible decision. Why @netflix?” And Matthew Olivarez added: “If you’re a fan of Ozark, don’t watch the trailer they just released. Trust me, don’t watch it unless you like spoilers.” If Javi is indeed killed, it will lead to untold chaos for both Ruth and the Byrdes if Javi’s uncle, Omar Navarro (Felix Soliz), fulfils his plan to escape prison and take back control of the cartel. However, there’s still a chance Ruth is simply dreaming of revenge, and the full extent of her plan is yet to be revealed. Ozark season 4, part 2 will be released on Friday, April 29 on Netflix.