On Sunday, ITV viewers saw Kimberley Wyatt, Brendan Cole and Regan Gascoigne go head-to-head for the Dancing on Ice 2022 final. With each couple battling it out on the ice in front of judges Oti Mabuse, Ashley Banjo, Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill, the pressure was on for the finalists. As Brendan and his partner, Vanessa Bauer, watched back some of their old routines, a surprise video message from his Strictly Come Dancing co-star Anton Du Beke appeared, leaving him in tears.  While Vanessa and the dancing champ looked back at their first moments on the ice, the pair reflected on some of their favourite routines. After selecting their dance from Props Week, which included a dramatic rain feature, Brendan gushed over his time on the show. Brendan turned to Vanessa and said: “I know I’m a dancer but I wanted to skate really well. “I had no doubt that the skating was going to be extremely difficult. READ MORE:Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Meanwhile, footage of the former Strictly star’s routine with Brendyn Hatfield was shown, the week that Vanessa missed out on. The skating professional cried: “Oh, your skate with Brendyn!” Covering her eyes, Brendan quipped: “Don’t. Look away, don’t look!” Speaking about their strongest routine, Brendan said: “Our skate of the series has to be umbrellas, I think it was the perfect moment.”  “I’m really happy that we get to do it again at the final,” Vanessa beamed while the couple watched the dance from a theatre, on a big screen. Suddenly, a pre-recorded message from Anton appeared, with the 55-year-old dancing star saying: “My love.” Tearing up instantly, Brendan cried out: “Oh, stop it you lot.” “Congratulations you beauty, good luck!” Anton continued.    Also appearing in the video was Brendan’s sister Vanessa Cole, his children, Aurelia and Dante, and his wife Zoe Cole. “Huge congratulations on Brendan and Vanessa for making it to the final,” said his sister. “We have loved watching this all the way from New Zealand and we are so proud of you." “Brendan, we’re nearly there, it’s the final push,” Zoe praised.   “The children and I are so so proud of you, go out there and smash it." His two children added: “Good luck, daddy!” Later on in the programme, Brendan’s routines won perfect 10s across the board, however, judges’ scores weren’t enough to secure a win, when both Kimberley and Regan also scored the same number of 10s. Despite his praise from the judges, the star came in second place after Regan was announced this year’s Dancing on Ice winner, with the Pussycat Dolls dancer making third place. Dancing on Ice 2022 episodes are available to stream on ITV Hub 