A leading charity in Scotland interviewed 331 over 50-year-olds to work out how the increase in annual energy bills will impact older Brits, according to PA. Age Scotland, which represents elderly people north of the border, found 94 percent of respondents were worried about energy bills. More than three-in-five participants also suggested they believed the rising cost would adversely affect their daily lives. Other respondents even claimed they will have to make stark choices between heating their homes or cutting back on other essentials, including food. A 75-year-old interviewee explained: "I will need to consider what I will have to live without to pay them (bills). "I will need to be more careful with buying food, rather than treating myself from time to time. "Rising energy bills will result in life being worse for many older people and they are going to be even lonelier because they cannot afford to live comfortably." JUST IN: Bin strikes hit 40 year high with people told to 'double bag' rubbish and keep it in SHEDS Another woman claimed it is a "death sentence" to have to deal with energy bills rising by as much as 50 percent. The survey comes as Brits brace for a pocket pinching April with gas bills set to increase by £693-a-year for the average UK household. There are also growing concerns that Russia's invasion of Ukraine could put even more pressure on British purse strings. Age Scotland's chief executive, Brian Sloan, described the survey findings as "wholly depressing to hear". Mr Sloan added: "For the 218,000 older households in Scotland living in fuel poverty and those on low incomes in particular, these higher energy bills will mean cutting back on other essentials including food, which is a completely unacceptable situation for any older person to face. "We're calling on the Scottish, UK and local governments to intervene to help older people on lower incomes to stay warm and pay their energy bills. "They should be proactive in exploring what more they can do to help, and not just rely on what has been done in the past or what is most straightforward to deliver." The charity also called on the Scottish, UK and local governments to take urgent action in a bid to "prevent tens of thousands more older people on the lowest incomes and those living with chronic health conditions being forced into fuel poverty when energy bills go up next month". Age Scotland even suggested providing more one-off payments to support older people on low incomes. Other recommendations included improving public awareness of sources of financial support, bolstering funding for energy-efficient measures and considering whether to implement a price cap for homes which primarily rely on heating through means other than gas or electricity. DON'T MISS Neighbours in bitter row as roof terrace built without permission [REVEAL]Roman Abramovich spotted in airport VIP lounge [PICTURES]POLL: Do you support a rise in the pension age or should it remain 66? [POLL] According to PA, a Scottish Government spokeswoman said: "We are concerned that households are facing significant increases in energy bills and the cost of living. "Powers relating to the energy markets remain reserved and Scottish ministers have repeatedly called for the UK Government to urgently take further action to support households - including a reduction in VAT and targeted support for those on low incomes." She pointed to the Scottish Government's £150 cost-of-living payment which is said to reach 73 percent of households at this time of need, adding: "A further £10 million is being allocated to continue the Fuel Insecurity Fund into 2022-23, which supports people struggling with their energy bills. "More than £160 million of funding is also being invested this year to help make Scotland's homes and buildings warmer and more efficient, supporting efforts to tackle fuel poverty whilst helping householders manage their energy bills and reduce carbon emissions. "This is as well as the support we provide to low-income households through other investment including social security benefits like our Scottish Child Payment." Mr Sloan urged older people who are worried about their energy bills to contact Age Scotland's free helpline on 0800 1244 222 for further advice and support.