Bessie Carter portrays Prudence Featherington, the older sister of Penelope Featherington (played by Nicola Coughlan) in Bridgerton. Her judgement in her search to find a husband has been questionable to Netflix subscribers, with little to no luck as of yet. Some of the issues which have stunted her progress have been down to her family. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Bridgerton.Lord Featherington (Ben Miller) was a gambler in season one with various debts he was struggling to pay off. He had a boxing match rigged which meant he won a lot of money but when it was discovered what he did, Lord Featherington was murdered. So his wife Lady Featherington (Polly Walker) and their three daughters were left with little money to their name. As members of the upper class, this became a major issue for the young Featheringtons to find love because they were no longer seen as being on the same level. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Besides starring in Bridgerton, actress Bessie Carter portrayed Evie Wilcox on BBC's Howards End and Violet Woodhouse in ITV drama Beecham House. But viewers will most likely recognise Bessie's parents as they are actors Jim Carter and Imelda Staunton. Carter, 73, has been in Cranford, Shakespeare in Love, Transformers: The Last Knight and Knightfall, just to name some of his works. His biggest role to date has been in the period drama Downton Abbey as Mr Carson. Actress Staunton on the other hand has been in Nanny McPhee, Vera Drake, Flesh and Blood, A Confession, Psychoville and Trying. Harry Potter fans will remember her best from the movie franchise as the wicked Dolores Umbridge. She is also going to take on the part of Queen Elizabeth II in the final two seasons of The Crown on Netflix. Staunton has previously spoken of her pride when it comes to daughter Bessie's acting career. DON'T MISS...GMB reporter told DON'T ask about Will Smith as Costner avoids probe [EXPLAINER]Bridgerton's Nicola Coughlan addresses filming 'difficult' scenes [CAST]Bridgerton Series 2: What happened to Anthony, Kate and Edwina after [SPOILER] Staunton told The Times: "I feel very fortunate in that I’ve never had that empty-nest feeling because she’s in the business. "Whereas I was catapulted into the theatre, she’s been born into it, and she's grown up with our mates who are like her uncles and aunts. "Honestly, there’s nothing nicer than the acting tribe, and knowing she's moved out to be with this extended family feels very good indeed. "Jim and I would really like to be at the stage door every night going, 'Hi!' "But you can’t do that. You have to keep your distance. "The only unfulfilled ambition I have left is for us to one day work together." Bridgerton creator Shonda Rhimes has already confirmed there will be a third season. A release date hasn't been announced but work is already underway with writers hard at work on the scripts. This time around, the romantic drama will focus on the love life of Benedict Bridgerton (Luke Thompson). Bridgerton seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix.