Ron Pember, who appeared in several British sitcoms including Secret Army, has died at the age of 87. The late actor was a part of Only Fools and Horses in 1983 and the sitcom’s official Twitter handle has paid a tribute after news of his death surfaced. The news was confirmed by the actor's grandson Paul Pember who shared that Ron had died on Tuesday. The tweet read: "'The sadness now is the happiness then. That’s the deal.'11.04.1934 - 08.03.2022 #ronpember #grandad." The Only Fools and Horses account reposted the message, in view of their 48,000 followers. The post read: "We are saddened to hear of the news of the death of Ron Pember who played Baz in the series 3 episode ‘Homesick’. READ MORE: Former Empire Jussie Smollett sentenced to 150 days in jail "Our thoughts and warm wishes go to his family and friends." Tributes have poured in for the late actor on social media with many fans offering their condolence. Actor Danny John Jules penned: "Just heard the sad news that Ron Pember has passed away. (Tuesday). He was such a gentleman with us upstarts when he appeared on #RedDwarf He just rammed his tongue firmly into his cheek and joined the party! What a legend. RIP." The official Red Dwarf account commented: "RIP Ron Pember. A terrific character actor, stage director and dramatist who made a memorable appearance in Series II’s Better Than Life." Danny Kelly wrote: "RIP Ron Pember, actor in every TV show of the 70s and 80s. And, crucially, Alain in the greatest UK drama series, Secret Army. Go peacefully 'down the line', Ron." David Brunt commented: "RIP Ron Pember. Appeared in absolutely everything. Wonderfully. Probably best known for Secret Army." Talking Pictures TV added: "Dear #RonPember has left us for the cinema in the sky, leaving us behind a legacy of characters that always showcased his great talent. RIP." Ron was an English actor born in Essex in 1934. DON'T MISS... Suspicious package that sparked evacuation ‘sent to Lorraine Kelly'[LATEST]BBC Breakfast’s Naga Munchetty bonds with fan over ‘heartbreak’[ADMISSION]Elon Musk and ex-girlfriend Grimes secretly welcome second child[PREGNANCY] He gained a reputation as a character actor in a career that spanned over 30 years. In the 1970s, he appeared as Alain Muny in Secret Army and wrote a stage musical titled Jack the Ripper, the play revolved around a Victorian murder spree in London in the late 1880s. Ron’s other popular credits include The Invisible Man and American Playhouse. He also appeared as the unenthusiastic Chairman of the Tenants Association in the BBC sitcom Only Fools and Horses. In 1985, he played the role of Seedle in the Doctor Who radio drama Slipback, alongside Valentine Dyall, and the next year appeared in an episode of the BBC Jersey based crime drama series Bergerac entitled Fires in the Fall. He ended his career working as a cast member in several television drama series including Red Dwarf (1988), High Street Blues (1989), Bluebirds (1989), and All Good Things (1991). His final appearances were his role in Rumpole of the Bailey and the BBC series Look At It This Way in 1992 after he retired from acting. The late actor tied the knot with his wife Yvonne Tylee in 1959. 