Sources say Russian forces attacked the Kharkiv Institute of Physics and Technology where there is an experimental nuclear reactor. A nearby dormitory is also on fire, according to Maria Avdeeva, a research director at European Expert Association in Ukraine. The Ukrainian Parliament said on Thursday that Russian forces shelled an institute in the city of Kharkiv which is home to an experimental nuclear reactor and a neighboring hostel is on fire. In a tweet, the parliament's official website said fighting close to the Institute of Physics and Technology was continuing.  Security consultants Cavell Group tweeted: "Ukraine/Russia: "Significant artillery fire again tonight on Kharkiv and reports of air activity. Reports also that a large fire is burning at the Institute of Physics and Technology after it was targeted." Video from the scene is understood to show huge flames at the centre, which was reportedly the target of a previous attack. Ukraine's Centre for Strategic Communications and Information Security posted on Twitter: "In Kharkiv, eyewitnesses report a fire in the building of Kharkiv Institute of Physics and Technology. "The building contains equipment which, if damaged, can lead to radioactive pollution of the environment."   Ms Avdeeva told Express.co.uk she received reports of people hiding in shelters during the reported shelling which she received notice of at 8.57pm on Thursday local time (6.57pm GMT). Witnesses reported that the shelling started at about 8.20pm local time (6.20pm GMT) The number of casualties is unknown, but that Ms Avdeeva said she supposed the nuclear facilities were now safe. The reported attack comes as Ukraine told the UN's nuclear watchdog on Thursday that it has lost all contact with the radioactive waste facilities at Chernobyl next to the defunct power plant at the site of the world's worst nuclear accident in 1986. In a statement, the IAEA said: "Ukraine informed the International Atomic Energy Agency that it had lost today all communications with the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant (NPP), the day after the Russian-controlled site lost all external power supplies." The Russian defence ministry said on Thursday it had agreed to allow a Ukrainian repair team to access power lines in the area around the nuclear power station, Interfax news agency said. Loss of power at Chernobyl did not have any critical impact on safety, the UN's nuclear watchdog said in a statement on Wednesday.  READ MORE ABOUT FIGHTER JETS MAKING A SUDDEN LANDING IN NORFOLK It is not the first time the building in Kharkiv has been targeted during Russia's bombardment of the city in the north east of Ukraine. Ukraine told the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on Monday that a new nuclear research facility producing radioisotopes for medical and industrial applications was damaged by shelling in Kharkiv. The country's national nuclear regulator said the attack did not cause any increase in radiation levels at the site. IAEA Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi said that an IAEA assessment confirmed the reported damage would not have had any radiological consequences because the nuclear material in the facility is always subcritical and the inventory of radioactive material is very low.  DON'T MISS: Have your say: Should Britain open door to ALL Ukrainians fleeing war? [POLL] Royal Family LIVE: Kate will 'hide feelings' but won't forget [LATEST] Putin goes dirty as weapon that can vaporise bodies used in Ukraine [REPORT] It is not the first reported strike at Ukraine's nuclear sites since Russia launched its invasion on February 24. According to the IAEA, Ukraine said missiles hit the site of a radioactive waste disposal facility in the capital Kyiv on February 27 but there was no radioactive release. That came a day after an electrical transformer at a similar disposal facility near Kharkiv was damaged. When the site was taken over by Russian forces on March 4, Ukraine said the training centre of the Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Power Plant was hit by a projectile, causing a fire that was later extinguished, the IAEA said.  The UN's nuclear watchdog is due to present ideas to Ukraine and Russia in the coming hours on how to ensure the safety of nuclear facilities in Ukraine with a meeting likely "very soon," Mr Grossi said on Thursday. He added: "I am quite encouraged on one important thing: Ukraine and the Russian Federation want to work with us and agreed to work with us." Mr Grossi told a news conference after a trip to Turkey where he met Russia and Ukraine's foreign ministers separately: "We have to move fast." Meanwhile, one of the negotiators in talks between Moscow and Kyiv, David Arakhamia, said Ukraine evacuated more than 40,000 people in one day on Wednesday but struggled to get civilians away from conflict zones around the capital, Kharkiv and Mariupol.  He said in a post on social media: "Over 40,000 women and children were evacuated from all over Ukraine in one day. Tried 100,000, but failed." Ukraine has accused Russia of shelling civilian areas and preventing the evacuations. Russia in turn blamed Ukraine. Kharkiv Mayor Ihor Terekhov said on Wednesday that Russian forces appeared to be regrouping near the city, describing the situation as very tense. Speaking on live television, Mr Terekhov said Russian shelling of the city was ongoing. 