Rickie Haywood-Williams, 41, and Melvin Odoom, 41, have worked together for many years, with their friendship starting at University. The Radio 1 DJ has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about how it can sometimes be "too much" working with Melvin all the time. Rickie, Melvin and Charlie Hedges presented on Kiss FM's breakfast show for over ten years. The trio then made a move to Radio 1, taking over Charlie Sloth's late evening show. Rickie and Melvin have also worked together on MTV, BBC Three, Channel 4 and even presented MTV One's coverage of the BRIT Awards in 2010. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "Me and Mel are more like family than friends, we’ve known each other for so long. READ MORE: 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show "We met at university when we were 19, we’ve lived together, went to lectures together and seminars and even holidays. "Our mums know each other and spend Christmas together normally when times are normal and birthdays. We’re like cousins or brothers." He continued: "So anytime we get to not work together, we always jump at the opportunity because we’re together all the time, pretty much every single day. And if it’s not the radio, we’re DJing at the weekend, or there’s a social gathering. "Anytime we do get to work alone we tend to jump at the opportunity because it can get too much sometimes. "Not in a bad way, it’s just nice to walk off and do other things sometimes." Rickie also talked about the different points the pair are at in their lives, with Rickie being a "family man", and Melvin being a "single guy". He added: "Also Mel is a single guy and I am a family man so we naturally have things that don’t translate to one another anymore as well. "The mandem might want to go out and party where I might want to go to a theme park or something with the family. DON'T MISS... 'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [ITV] Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display in silky blouse [INSTAGRAM] 'Sad dogs' Dawn French admits challenges with body as she's got older [COMMENT] "So we definitely tend to do a lot of different stuff now anyway, which you can kind of see from our social media posts now anyway. They are quite different in terms of audiences." Rickie took to Instagram on Tuesday to announce his partner is expecting a baby in view of his 78,100 followers. He penned: "Baby is on the way! #lovemadeusdoit." Many took to the comments to congratulate the pair on the good news. A Place in the Sun's Leah Charles King said: "Amazing news!! Congrats both!!" Co-presenter Charlie added: "What a beautiful day yesterday was. So happy for yous I could burst xxx." (sic) This comes as Charlie announced her pregnancy live on Radio 1 to a very shocked Greg James last week. As Greg turned to her to share a piece of good news, she unexpectedly dropped the bombshell, saying: "I'm having a baby!"