Nick Kyrgios has aimed an X-rated dig at the ATP following his loss to Jannik Sinner at the Miami Open. The Australian cut a frustrated figure during his fourth-round showdown on Tuesday and even received a game penalty after smashing his racket in anger. Kyrgios exhibited his tempestuous streak once again against Sinner as he engaged in a spat with umpire Carlos Bernardes. The 26-year-old was vocal in his complaints about the Grandstand court, which he felt was inferior to the Stadium court he had previously played on throughout the tournament, and was handed a code violation for an audible obscenity during the early stages of the match. The Aussie later lambasted Bernardes after his walkie-talkie accidentally went off during a rally and was slapped with the loss of a point for unsportsmanlike conduct during the first-set tiebreak. And as a result of his racket abuse, the 26-year-old was handed a one-game penalty as he was forced to start the second set a break down, before eventually going on to lose the match 7-6, 6-3. MUST READ: Ukrainian tennis pro gives heartbreaking update with 'nowhere to go'  Kyrgios was clearly unhappy with his treatment by Bernardes and has slammed the ATP for not caring. “If you are being booed by the crowd you are not doing a good job,” Kyrgios said. “I've never been part of a match where the umpire has been hated so much. The ATP don't give a f***. “How much do I bring to the sport? That's the problem with tennis is that it doesn't protect our stars at all. We love to outcast them. The ATP never defends their players and stands up to them. I am used to it, have been used to it my whole career and it sucks.” DON'T MISSNadal gives French Open boost as Spaniard seen training amid injuryDjokovic and Nadal face challenge amid Wawrinka plan to return to topKyrgios thanks Osaka for 'pulling the pin' on mental health struggles   And Kyrgios even referenced another occasion where he threw his racket down. “I have one incident where I threw a racket which didn't hit anyone,” Kyrgios added. “I know it can be dangerous but I went back the next day and apologised to the kid the next day. He will remember that for the rest of his life. Me, my girlfriend, my team all have to deal with the bad comments and the ATP don't give a f***.” Kyrgios is regarded as one of the most talented players in the world, but question marks have often been raised of his temperament. Despite his talents, he is currently ranked at No 102 in the world in men's singles, although he did taste doubles success earlier this year when he won the Australian Open title alongside Thanasi Kokkinakis. 