Hakim Ziyech has confirmed his international retirement in a fiery statement on social media, taking aim at Morocco officials after he was called up for their upcoming fixtures. Ziyech has had a mixed relationship with the international team having not featured for Morocco since last summer.  Morocco manager Vahid Halihodzic hit out at Ziyech last June when he said the Chelsea forward "refused to work" for the team. The relationship between the pair has deteriorated even further since then with Halihodzic saying Ziyech would not be receiving a recall "even if his name is Lionel Messi". That led to Ziyech's surprise omision from the Africa Cup of Nations, where Morocco were knocked out at the quarter-final stage. Ziyech hinted after the tournament had ended that he would consider his future on the international stage.  But Halihodzic has performed a remarkable turnaround on his previous remarks with Chairman of the Moroccan federation, Fouzi Lekjaa, announcing Ziyech had been pre-selected for their upcoming fixures. However, Ziyech has now released a damning statement on social media announcing his retirement from international football. "I love my country and playing for the Moroccan national football team has been the honour of my lifetime, so it is with great sadness that I must announce that although the FRMF President today confirmed that I will be pre-selected for the team, I won’t be returning to play for Morocco," he wrote on Instagram. "I’m sorry to disappoint the fans, this was not an easy decision to make, but sadly I feel I have no other choice.  "Despite giving my all to the team over the past six years and supporting them my entire life, the leadership continue to release misinformation about me and my commitment to my country. Their actions have made it impossible for me to continue to be part of the team. "I learned the news about the pre-selection at the same time as everyone else, so I’m releasing this statement to ensure that you hear the truth directly from me. "Thank you to everyone who has supported me, I wish the team nothing but the best for the future. My focus as a player is at my club Chelsea FC." Ziyech played the full 90 minutes as Chelsea recorded their fifth consecutive Premier League win on Sunday against Newcastle. The 28-year-old had seemingly found some great form at the turn of the year with three goals against Brighton, Tottenham and Crystal Palace. But he's struggled for consistent minutes under Thomas Tuchel, starting just 11 league games all season.