Hardy geraniums are loved for their vibrant purple petals and long flowering period, making them a long-standing favourite for gardeners across the UK. Both cold and frost hardy, cranesbills offer an abundant supply of bright, textured flowers which are well-suited to any garden. These enticing blooms can be planted out right now, but where should you begin? This is your three-step guide to growing your own at home. There are around 70 species and 700 varieties of hardy geraniums, with something for everyone to enjoy at home. What’s more, these inviting flowers are a surprisingly good fit for your household vases, so you can admire them both in and out of the garden once they reach their flowering season. To plant your own vibrant geraniums, you should start by choosing the right variety for you. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how If you can’t decide from the 700 which already exist, the Royal Horticultural Society has recommended the following in their top 10 picks: It is important to know which geraniums you are planting as some will favour full sun or partial shade and vice versa. As a general rule, most geraniums tend to thrive in the early morning and afternoon sun, so choose a bright spot which has good exposure at these particular times of the day.  You will need to dig a generously-sized hole to plant your bare-root geraniums, so make sure it is big enough to easily accommodate the rootball. Use compost or planting compost to enrich the soil around the base of the hole before covering the root. You should use a gardening fork to sift the organic matter into the planting site before adding positioning the geranium. Once your soil is prepared, place the root ball into the planting hole and adjust the planting depth to suit the plant. You will need to plant the root ball so that the top of it is level with the surface of the soil. DON'T MISS:How to stain a fence: Refresh your garden fence for spring in 4 steps [INSIGHT]How to clean patio slabs - three household items for a sparkling patio [REVEAL]March gardening: 5 vegetables to plant this month [LATEST]  Now your geranium is in position, it’s time to mix in some more organic matter with the excavated soil. Water well and add bark chippings to the base of the plant to conserve moisture in the soil. Adding these chippings should also reduce the growth of weeds around the freshly planted flower. Use the surrounding soil to cover the site and secure the root of your hardy geranium. Hardy geraniums are very versatile and will do well in beds, borders, containers and pots. Geraniums will thrive on patios, balconies or even terraced spots - just make sure they have good exposure to the sun. These bright blooms are also the perfect successor to your spring-flowering bulbs and will do especially well near hyacinths. Secure your own saucer-like flowers by layering below hyacinths ahead of spring. Hardy geraniums favour well-drained soil and will struggle in excessively wet conditions.