Ms Braw argued that Russian President Vladimir Putin sees it in his best interest to continue his invasion of Ukraine. Putin has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine for the past three weeks, peace talks have been underway but the war has raged on due to no firm consensus between the two countries. The defence expert explained that Putin will continue to send in his troops until he has no more left to send as she warned that the Russian President was pretending to care about peace in Ukraine. GB News host Alistair Stewart said: "Peace talks... Elizabeth first, do you believe that given everything you've both just said and the ghastly scale of the threat, do you genuinely believe that Putin is seeing for peace in Ukraine? "He's told Erdogen what the terms might be, Lavrov was on air last night repeating them, is it a genuine pursuit of peace?" Ms Braw said: "No! It's in his interest to stall the Ukrainians a bit by... And indeed the wider world. "By pretending to be about peace, he can keep going, he will keep going, he will keep sending more soldiers in until he doesn't have any left. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE LIVE BLOG    Ms Braw added: "Until he has completed what they have allocated for this war. "And that's not happening now, there will be some more time that will elapse before that. "I think he is tricking us and we in the West are... "We often make the mistake of thinking that people acting in good faith even when we know that they are authoritarian rulers."  READ MORE: 'Very unusual' Ex-CIA chief explains why six Russian generals have already been killed News dropped on Sunday suggesting that Putin has agreed to meet Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky in person. Former BBC Moscow correspondent Kevin Connolly has warned that Ukraine may experience more violence at the hands of Russia. Mr Connolly told Express.co.uk: “My fear is there will be a more brutal period of the war for civilians and that unfortunately after that the Ukrainians are going to be asked to make incredibly difficult choices about territory. He added: “I think we’re in for a period of real brutality because to put pressure on Ukrainians in negotiations, I think the Russians will bombard large Ukrainian civilian populations and I fear that there are dark times coming for some Ukrainian cities. “I think it’s possible that Ukraine stepping back from its NATO ambitions will be a helpful condition.” 