BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker has begged his ITV rival Ben Shephard to watch his latest TV venture “before passing judgement”. Dan revealed on Twitter that he was set to star in a new episode of BBC’s The Hit List. Dan posted a photo with ex-footballer Dion Dublin after competing on a celebrity special edition of the show. The Hit List is hosted by Marvin and Rochelle Humes, and sees contestants attempt to name as many hit songs and artists as possible under time pressure. In the photo shared with his 752.5k followers, Dan could be seen beaming alongside Dion as he admitted the game show was harder than it seems. “Coming soon to a TV screen near you. We had a right laugh #Hitlist #HarderThanItLooks @DionDublinsDube,” he wrote. Tipping Point presenter Ben weighed in, replying to Dan’s tweet. “This is spectacular!!!” he wrote. Evidently nervous Ben might be disappointed, Dan responded: “I recommend watching before passing judgement,” alongside a laughing face emoji. Ben then wrote back: “Oh don’t worry I will!!! @RochelleHumes make sure we get the heads up for this gem!!!” Dan’s followers also showed their support, with many expressing excitement to watch him put a shift in against the clock. Carol Turnham wrote: “Great pairing, love you both!” Phil Masters added: “My fiancée and I love The Hit List. Look forward to seeing how you get on.” “Yay! This programme is massively underrated,” declared Matthew Mitchell. DON'T MISS...'Been an honour!' Escape to the Chateau stars inundated with support [LATEST]The Chase's Jenny Ryan 'proud' of Mark Labbett's US replacement [TWITTER]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [TV] This was not the first time Ben has publicly voiced his support for pal Dan. When the former Football Focus host announced he was stepping down from the programm last year, Ben replied he was “so sorry” to hear the news. Dan said in a video at the time: “This is going to be my last season presenting Football Focus. "It’s been an amazing 12 years and I can honestly say I have loved every single second of it. "I am really proud of the job we’ve done, the changes we’ve made to the show and issues we’ve looked at, and at a time when the football landscape has changed immeasurably. "But, having said all that, after 12 years it's time for someone else to take the reins." After hearing the news, Ben replied to Dan’s personal video adding: "So sorry to hear this Dan - have loved and enjoyed more or less every one!!! "You’re def owed a weekend lie-in. Can’t wait to see what’s next!! [sic]".