Roman Abramovich's hopes of sealing a swift sale for Chelsea are likely to hinge on his demands for the club - with reports suggesting that the Russian oligarch's asking price could be set to drop 'fast' after he announced his intention to sell the club. Abramovich has been in control at Stamford Bridge since 2003, and has seen the Londoners claim a staggering 21 trophies over the past 19 years. However, the 55-year-old has confirmed that the club is now on the market. In a statement released on Wednesday afternoon, just an hour before the Blues took to the pitch at Kenilworth Road to play Luton Town in the FA Cup, Abramovich confirmed he would not fast-track the sale. The Russian is said to be demanding up to £4billion for the club, with American billionaire Todd Boehly one of the parties credited with an interest in purchasing the reigning European champions. According to a new report from The New York Times, it's anticipated that Abramovich's demands will drop 'fast' the longer situation goes on. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE The same report outlines that the Blues supremo has tasked Raine Group, a New York advisory firm, with overseeing a swift sale, and interested parties have been told to have 'indicative bids' ready by the end of the week. Abramovich has ploughed excessive funds into the London club during his trophy-laden reign but is aiming for a swift exit. And that has opened the door for prospective buyers to test Abramovich's resolve, with previous reports claiming that the Blues owner has turned down bids in excess of £2.5bn for the club. The Chelsea chief confirmed his intentions to sell the club in a statement on Wednesday evening. DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours He told the club's website: "I would like to address the speculation in media over the past few days in relation to my ownership of Chelsea FC. "As I have stated before, I have always taken decisions with the Club’s best interest at heart. In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the Club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the Club, the fans, the employees, as well as the Club’s sponsors and partners. "The sale of the Club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. This has never been about business nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and Club. "Moreover, I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated. The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page here https://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ "This includes providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery. "Please know that this has been an incredibly difficult decision to make, and it pains me to part with the Club in this manner. However, I do believe this is in the best interest of the Club. "I hope that I will be able to visit Stamford Bridge one last time to say goodbye to all of you in person. It has been a privilege of a lifetime to be part of Chelsea FC and I am proud of all our joint achievements. Chelsea Football Club and its supporters will always be in my heart. Thank you, Roman"