Ricky Gervais has opened up on his “fake marriage” to his partner Jane Fallon. The After Life creator has candidly shared how he feels there’s “no point” for them to get married at this stage. Ricky and Jane have been dating since they first met at University College London in the 1980s. The couple has been together for nearly four decades, seeing each other through fame and fortune. However, they’ve never married, with Ricky previously sharing his thoughts on this. Speaking to The Times in 2010, he said: "Don't see the point." READ MORE: Delia Smith hits out at 'fancy and complicated' MasterChef  “We are married for all intents and purposes. “Everything's shared and actually our fake marriage has lasted longer than a real one. "But there's no point in us having an actual ceremony before the eyes of God because there is no God." They’ve also ruled out having children, with Ricky previously admitted he’d be too worried about raising them.   He told the Daily Telegraph in 2011: "One good reason I don’t want [kids] is that I don't think I'd sleep at night. "Before this interview, I had to check twice that I hadn't left the doors to the pool open because I was worried the cat would go through them and drown. "So with a child, I'd just be stood over it, making sure it was still breathing." Ricky has recently achieved huge success with his Netflix series After Life. DON'T MISS... Jools Holland speaks about prostate cancer battle [INSIGHT]Dick and Angel Strawbridge reflect on leaving chateau to come 'home' [NEWS]Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [VIDEO]   The show’s third and final season was released earlier this year and was the most-watched series around the world. This follows a widower who struggles to keep on living after the death of his wife. The creator of The Office has previously revealed the idea for the show came from his love for Jane. Speaking to The Mirror in January, he said: "I don't think I've ever suffered from depression or despair like Tony. I've seen it. "You don't get to 60 without seeing most things. I've lost both parents and a sibling, and all my pets and some friends.  "But the ultimate for me would be losing my soulmate. “That's the worst thing that could happen to me. So, it's an imagination, a fiction, that stems from that." Ricky is one of the nominees of the National Comedy Awards for Stand Up To Cancer tonight. He’s up for the best stand-up show at the event held at Camden Roundhouse in London. The show will be airing tonight at 9pm on Channel 4. 