Chelsea will not be allowed to authorise permanent departures for their loan stars this summer if they remain under the special license imposed by the government, Express Sport has learned. The Blues were able to turn Mateo Kovacic’s loan from Real Madrid into a long-term deal in 2019 but that luxury will not be afforded to the likes of Conor Gallagher and Armando Broja.   Government sanctions imposed on Roman Abramovich last week had serious ramifications for the Premier League club. The Russian, who purchased Chelsea in 2003, had his UK assets seized last Thursday due to his alleged association to Vladimir Putin. Chelsea are now operating under a special license that allows them to fulfil their fixtures but severely limits their revenue streams. The government is responsible for budgetary issues surrounding the club. An effective transfer ban has been placed on the club. The European Champions are also unable to agree new contracts with players and staff, leaving the futures of Andreas Christensen, Antonio Rudiger and club captain Cesar Azpilicueta unclear. It is not an entirely different situation to the one Chelsea found themselves in three years ago. In February 2019, FIFA placed the West Londoners under an initial two-year transfer embargo for breaching Article 19 of the governing body’s laws.   JUST IN: Man Utd and Tottenham dealt huge blow as Kessie 'signs' for new club Despite a transfer ban, Chelsea were able to make permanent midfielder Kovacic’s loan from Real Madrid. The Croatian had spent the 2018-19 season on loan at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea, then under the management of Frank Lampard, were allowed to agree a £40million transfer with the La Liga club because the registration of Kovacic’s loan deal extended to June 30, 2019. There was no pre-agreed future permanent transfer clause in the initial agreement. However, the unique aspect of Chelsea’s special license – which restricts revenue into the club – would not allow Chelsea stars to complete permanent moves to their loan clubs, Express Sport understands.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Mata opens up on heartbreaking 'worst year' of his lifeMan Utd and Tottenham dealt huge blow as Kessie 'signs' for new clubChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel calls out Boris Johnson over Abramovich It means the likes of midfielder Gallagher and striker Broja, who have impressed in temporary stays at Crystal Palace and Southampton, respectively, must return to Chelsea in the summer if the club is still operating under the license. That deals a blow to both Palace and Southampton, who would surely have entertained trying to make permanent the deals of their Chelsea loanees. Gallagher, 21, has excelled under Patrick Vieira and his form earned him a first senior England cap in November. The former Charlton and West Brom loanee is understood to be keen to remain at Chelsea and prove his worth to boss Thomas Tuchel in pre-season. "We know that Chelsea is one of the best teams in the world right now. It's a tough team to get into. But I'm not thinking about that right now,” he said earlier this campaign.    The situation is slightly different for the 20-year-old Albania international Broja, who Express Sport learned in February was keeping his options open ahead of the summer transfer window. Of course, the scenario could change if Chelsea are bought by a new owner before the end of the season. The government is overseeing the sale of the club and Abramovich will not make a profit. In total, Chelsea have 24 loanees returning to the club in the summer. If they are not allowed to leave, it could leave Tuchel with an enormously oversized squad ahead of 2022-23.   