State pension payments are vital to millions, and getting the highest amount possible will be the aim of many Britons. However, rules surrounding the state pension may mean individuals see their sum affected by virtue of membership of certain pension schemes. The Government has confirmed those in particular pension schemes could see their state pension “starting amount” impacted. This is applicable for those in certain: Individuals who were part of these schemes may have paid lower National Insurance contributions. Instead, they could have been paying into one of these pensions. READ MORE: ‘Not good enough!’ Pensioners furious as 8% increase may be year away But as the state pension hinges on National Insurance contributions, some could see their amount impacted. The process is known as being “contracted out” of the Additional state pension. It is likely to affect most people who have been in work, so it could be vital to check. Contracting out no longer takes place, however, so Britons do not have to worry about this going forward. DON'T MISSCapital gains tax: Rishi Sunak may HIKE CGT in shock move [ANALYSIS]Warning as pensioner nearly scammed out of £20,000 [INSIGHT]Inheritance tax alert: Rishi Sunak may target reliefs and hike IHT [EXCLUSIVE]  The rules changed on April 6, 2016 so that if a person was contracted out: Some individuals may not be aware if they were contracted out of the system. Thankfully, there is more than one way Britons can check their contracted out status. Firstly, the Government recommends getting in touch with one’s pension provider. The Pension Tracing Service can help individuals find important details if they have lost contact with their provider. But perhaps something which could be easier to do is checking old payslips. Individuals were contracted out if the National Insurance contributions line has the letter D or N next to it. If a person was not contracted out, then the NI line should contain the letter A. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Once again, those with different letters should either contact their pension provider or their employer. People in certain professions are also more likely to have been contracted out, the Government has stated. Primarily, this is individuals who worked in the public sector, for example: