Some filling stations are already charging £2.20 for a litre of unleaded, and the cost of filling up could rocket if the West punishes Russian President Vladimir Putin with an oil and gas embargo. That could drive up the oil price to $150 a barrel (£113), analysts say. At time of writing, the price of a barrel of Brent crude oil stands at $118. If it hit $150 a barrel, as many industry experts now expect, that works out as an increase of 27 percent from today's level. The average cost of a litre of unleaded petrol is currently 153.50p in the UK, according to the RAC. If it was to rise 27 percent, that would theoretically jump to an incredible 195p. A litre of super unleaded could jump from today's 165.41p to 210p. In some places, it could climb even higher. However, the oil price is not the only factor that affects what you pay at the pumps. Fuel duty is currently levied at a flat rate of 57.95p per litre for both petrol and diesel, while VAT at 20 percent is then charged on both the product price and the duty. This duty has been frozen for yet another year, and will not increase even if the oil price rises. Despite this, if the West does slap an embargo on oil and gas exports from Russia, this could lead to shortages and filling stations could respond by ramping up pump prices. This looks increasingly likely, as Putin continues his brutal onslaught and makes nuclear threats against the West. Susannah Streeter, senior investment and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, warned: “Alternatively, Russia could stop supplies to the region in a retaliatory measure and worries about pipelines being damaged in the conflict.” READ MORE: Petrol prices soar as Brits fear ‘eye-watering’ energy bills As we reported last week, fuel prices have already soared past £2 per litre in some places, with a petrol station in Chelsea charging 219.50p as drivers are hit with horrifying prices. At the time, the oil price was just $111 a barrel. From that level, an oil price of $150 would make an increase of 35 percent. A filling station charging 220p today could conceivably charge 296p a litre in that scenario, a whisker away from £3 a litre. Prices are not only high in the capital, a forecourt in West Yorkshire was charging 172p per litre last week. This is not only a UK problem, petrol prices are rising across Europe. In oil-rich Norway, unleaded petrol already costs almost £2 a litre. David Jones, chief market strategist at Capital.com, said: “Many were expecting the price of oil to see increased volatility in the event of a Russian invasion - but few would have forecast it hitting these heights so quickly.” DON'T MISS:State Pension triple lock doomed as axing it will save £10 billion [WARNING]Brits enraged with stamp prices - ‘Running Royal Mail to the ground!' [LATEST]Wheat 'super spike' warning as prices set to rise [INSIGHT] Even if the West does not impose sanctions on Russian oil, prices are set to jump higher because buyers and refiners are in a "self-sanctioning" mode, not daring to touch Russian crude and looking for alternative supplies, said Tsvetana Paraskova, writing for industry website oilprice.com. Last month, JTD Energy Services director John Driscoll said oil could hit $150 due to underinvestment in capital exploration. “We’re running low on physical oil, we’re running short of supply,” he said. That was before the full brutal scale of Russia's Ukrainian war became clear. In 1973, when OPEC placed an oil embargo on Western nations that had supported Israel during the Yom Kippur War, oil prices jumped 300 percent triggering a stock market crash, soaring inflation and high unemployment. British motorists could face similar nightmare today. As well as higher prices, they could even face rationing at the pumps. Home energy prices are rocketing, too. From April 1, the energy price cap will jump by £693 to £1,971 a year, while it is expected to hit £3,000 from October. 