The Queen "made it quite clear" to the other members of the Royal Family that no one was going to take over her duties following her recovery from COVID-19. Royal commentator Natalie Oliveri told Australia's Today programme that the monarch put her foot down and refused to delegate her workload. This comes as the Queen returned to work this week after a Covid scare. Ms Oliveri said: "The Queen has made it clear that she doesn't want senior royals in her family to take over from her duties." This reluctance to share her duties comes even after the Queen was forced to cancel some virtual engagements after showing mild symptoms last week. But, the Palace were keen to stress that the Queen still continued with “light duties" even during the peak of her infection. The Queen's positive Covid test had initially prompted concern for the health of the country's longest-reigning monarch. JUST IN: Kate Middleton's new look signals 'huge shift' in royal role On Tuesday, Buckingham Palace confirmed that the 95-year-old monarch was finally feeling well enough to resume virtual engagements as well as audiences with representatives from other countries. She also enjoyed a visit from Prince William, Kate Middleton, and their three children on Sunday. The meeting saw the Royal Family enjoy the outdoors at Frogmore House in Windsor. Princess Beatrice also joined the gathering with her 5-month-old daughter, Sienna. The Queen's recovery from coronavirus comes as positive cases decreased by 52 percent from the average two weeks ago in the UK. Deaths have also plunged by 40 percent, even after England's Covid restrictions were lifted last week. On Thursday, the Queen became the latest royal to express her support and solidarity with the Ukrainian people following the Russian invasion. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Disturbing' Meghan fumes at 'absurd' lawsuit [LIVE BLOG]Russia wipes entire village off the map as Putin refuses to back down [VIDEO]Raab expresses fear for Zelensky's life after assassination plots [INTERVIEW] She made a "generous donation" to the Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal from the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC). Every pound donated by the British public to the appeal will be matched by the Government. The Queen's move followed Prince Charles and Duchess Camilla as well as William and Kate who have all expressed their support for Ukraine. During a visit to the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London, Charles said: "I must say my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we've heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity, and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression."