Teenager Alex Tennant (played by Kian Talan) has quickly become one of NCIS Hawaii’s many much-loved characters following the show’s CBS debut last year. Thanks to his mother-son relationship with leading star Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey), the pair’s bond and overcoming of family struggles throughout has led to them endearing themselves to viewers. However, with episode 16 around the corner, the Tennant family unit is going to face its biggest test yet. Alex is about to be offered the chance to leave Hawaii and take the first steps in pursuing the illustrious career of being a baseball player. In a sneak peek from the episode showing how events will unfold, Jane approaches her son as he works his way through homework. “A little last-minute to be finishing homework, isn’t it?” Jane remarks. Removing his headphones and pounding the keyboard, Alex hits back: “It’s not due till tomorrow, I’ve got a game today so I’m trying to get ahead.” READ MORE: NCIS season 19: Fans call for newcomer to become a permanent agent Alex begins ruffling through papers as Jane looks on rather impressed. “Impressive,” she jokes as her son sarcastically replies: “Try not to sound so surprised.” Jane continues to ooze pride as she says: “I haven’t seen you this motivated in a while.” However, Alex’s work and the pair’s conversation is cut off when the teenager’s phone goes off, alerting him to the time. “You coming to the game?” Alex asks as he rushes to his feet before jetting out the door, prompting Jane to reply: “That’s the plan.” Alex heads for the door but not before teasing his mum about giving the umpire a hard time. “If he does his job right, he’ll have nothing to fear from me,” Jane replies. With Alex now away from his desk, Jane begins to tidy his things only to have her eye caught by a letter from Amherst College’s Athletic Department. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii: Jesse’s exit ‘sealed’ after worrying promo clue NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian warNCIS NOLA's Scott Bakula's Quantum Leap replacement confirmed The letter congratulates Alex on landing a scholarship with the school based in Massachusetts - on the mainland. Alex bursts back into the room looking for his charger as Jane tries to sneakily put the letter back. Instead of asking Alex about the letter, she acts as if nothing has happened before shooting him a smile as he leaves. But it clearly plays on Jane’s mind as she knows she will have to face the idea of living without her son. With such a huge opportunity ahead of him, it’s hugely unlikely Alex will turn down the chance to follow his dream. Could this mean Alex will have to leave the show as the action remains in Hawaii while he studies on the mainland? All the signs are there to suggest NCIS Hawaii’s first season is heading towards a heartbreaking exit for one of its biggest characters. Fans will have to continue tuning in to see if Jane will be able to keep her soon in Hawaii. NCIS Hawaii airs Monday on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.