The decision made by the Queen came just a day after the Thanksgiving service of the Duke, who died last year aged 99. Appointed by the Queen, who is head of the Armed Forces, the Countess is said to be extremely honoured to be following in her father-in-law's footsteps.  The Duke held the honorary title for more than 50 years, becoming Colonel-in-Chief of the Corps in 1969. The decision was announced the day after the Royal Family, with the exception of the Duke of Sussex, gathered to celebrate the life of the Duke of Edinburgh. The Countess was among those who gathered with the Queen in Prince Philip’s memory at the service of thanksgiving for his life on Tuesday, 11 months after attending his Covid-restricted funeral last year. Formed in 1942, the Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers is responsible for maintaining all the equipment the Army operates, from tanks and helicopters to weapons and communications equipment.   The decision was widely celebrated by the royal fans on social media who couldn’t stop praising Sophie. One Twitter user, Stuart Canning, posted: “Few members of the Royal Family leave me awestruck in the way that the Earl and Countess of Wessex do. “Their commitment to public service and their consistent professionalism are inspiring.” Another Twitter account holder, Gordon Charles tweeted: “The Countess of Wessex deserves this honour more than anyone. READ MORE: Raab plans to APPEAL release of Baby P's mother “She will make them prouder than they already are.” A third Instagram member, Vivianevenancio_, said: “She is truly beautiful and represents the Royal Family with impressive dignity and talent.” Another Instagram user, Sheila.meloche.7, commented: “The Countess of Wessex has some very big shoes to fill. But, she will do so with dignity and grace.” A fifth Instagram user, Deliamessing, said: “She is so awesome for taking on all of that. And gladly too. Bless her”  DON'T MISS:Putin ‘misjudged’ Russian troops capabilities, says top spy chiefJoe Biden blasted as ‘catastrophe for US’ after weeks of gaffesCamilla and Prince Charles unveil new headquarters of Meta The Royal family said on Twitter the Corps combined the Duke’s “enduring support of the Forces, and keen interest in engineering”. On Wednesday, the Countess held an audience with the Master General Lieutenant General Paul Jaques and Colonel Jason Phillips to formally receive the title. Prince Philip served as Colonel-in-Chief of the Corps from 1969, for over 50 years, and conducted many visits across the Corps, which combined His Royal Highness’s long-held support of the Armed Forces, and his love of engineering. The role was also held by Princess Marina, The Duchess of Kent, from 1963 until 1968. 