As we dive headfirst into March, households across the UK will be rolling their sleeves up in preparation of the big spring clean. This is the time we’re supposed to tackle the areas we put off the rest of the year - lofts, paving stones, fence panels, but what about radiators? Radiators are a magnet for dust, as natural air convection helps heat circulate throughout the room however, as hot air rises, cold air falls. Cold air drags the dust down and radiators are quick to suck it all in. The dust will accumulate if left untouched, which can lead to several untold problems such as a heating lag, as your radiator will have to work harder to heat the room or even lure in dust mites. So this being said, it’s important to deep clean your radiators at least once a week to reduce your chances of ever having to face these problems. READ MORE: How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps   The process is fairly simple, and Daniel Nezhad, director at UK Radiators, provides all the answers. Mr Nezhad said: “Assuming you are cleaning a radiator with a top grill, your first step will be to remove this by unclipping the side panels and pulling them upwards until they come off. "Once you have done this, you can simply lift the top grill off.  Next, he advises to “remove any visible dust with a standard dusting cloth before using a long duster to get between the fins on the inside.” You can also hoover off the top grill and any fallen dust to ensure it’s all collected. Mr Nezhad said: “It’s not advisable to use any spray cleaners, but if some debris needs a bit of help being dislodged, use a damp cloth or sponge instead, being careful of any electrical wiring. “Finally, use the damp sponge to clean the top grill off really well and give the front and sides of the radiator a wipe down.  DON'T MISS: ‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [INSIGHT]House-proud Brits spend 10 whole days a year cleaning their homes [ANALYSIS] How to clean green marks off garden fence without a pressure washer [EXPLAINED]    “Once you have done this, you can pop the top grill and sides of the radiator back on.” Cleaning your radiators in this way at least once a week will do wonders - including a large cost saving in the long term. Heat can get trapped in dust and dirt build-ups, making it harder to escape, meaning radiators end up being left on for longer in order to actually feel the effects. This is then reflected in your energy bill. Bleeding radiators is also a great step to carry out to save money on energy bills and make your radiators more efficient - but thankfully, this doesn’t need to be done once a week.  