Arsenal used the magic of the FA Cup to sneak another win under the radar but the real trick is they haven't beaten anybody significant yet. Antonio Conte seems to beat up on his own team more than any others, but the first back-to-back win since Boxing Day shows perfect timing. Everton, on the other hand, began the weekend dreaming of Wembley on a sunny afternoon and must now spend the rest of the season fearing Kenilworth Road on a wet Tuesday night. Express Sport takes a look at the top Premier League talking points. MIKEL ARTETA A 'MARVEL' AT ARSENAL Mikel Arteta is turning himself into some sort of comic-book hero at Arsenal for the ease with which he is beating the bad guys. The bad news is that if Arsenal want to finish in the top four they have to beat the good guys as well. However, to put it into the cartoon vernacular, the Spaniard does not have a Scooby-doo. The Gunners have been relentless in putting to the sword the weaker teams in the Premier League, drawing with the battlers and losing to the so-called 'big six'. So called because the only win against the top teams came against Spurs when they were close to rock bottom under Nuno Espirito Santo at the end of September. Now Spurs are big again under Conte and join Chelsea and Manchester United among the top-level teams Arsenal must play in the run-in. Unless Arteta can find the formula suddenly to beat top oppositiion, that could be nine crucial points dropped and a top-four place lost. And the so-called 'process' under Arteta will remain an illusion. Finishing fourth can be all about run-in - and Spurs are certainly full of runnin' right now. Another late goal against West Ham and a dominant display through to the final whistle finally gave them a bit of consistency... and that could be just for starters. In a mixed season, their next five Premier League opponents they have already beaten this season with Arsenal and Burnley to play who have beaten them - the latter in arguably Spurs' worst display since Conte took over. Intense training when he first arrived added an extra 15km to the total running distance of the team during games - almost a mile-a-man. Players such as Harry Kane are saying they have never felt so fit. So while Ralf Rangnick is wringing his hands and wondering what is wrong while Premier League rival managers laugh at the United players' unwillingness to track back, you get a gentle reminder that a lot of football management is not rocket science. And the one basic principle of being fit enough to earn the right to play is what is going to land Tottenham that coveted top four spot by the end of the season. LAMPARD'S CUP UPSET Being left to 'concentrate on the league' when you are in Frank Lampard's position is as perilous as when a hyptnotist asks some poor subject to 'focus on the watch'. Everton needed the FA Cup to lift the gloom around the club and the manner of their exit will only darken the clouds up above. The turmoil off the field following the Ukraine crisis is enough for players to be able to point the finger if things go wrong and Sunday's show suggested they are already far from committed to the battles needed ahead. This is also fight-for-survival football that Lampard is simply not used to. It is all very well talking about the final 11 games of the season being like 11 cup ties. But when the only ones of those you have won all season have been against Huddersfield, Boreham Wood, Brentford reserves and Hull after extra time, it's hard to see that as much of a team-talk.