Multiple commuters have been told to leave Euston underground station after a body was found on the tracks. @Sixfiles stated on Twitter that emergency vehicles were present, saying: "Something is happening in London. Tavistock and Euston area. Loads of emergency vehicles and helicopters". User @donne_mark added: "Just evacuated from Euston station. Train stopped, doors locked & everyone evacuated from drivers end only at speed. "Avoid Euston > hoping not something hideous." British Transport Police told Express.co.uk: "British Transport Police were called to Euston Underground station at 1.01pm today (9 March) following reports of a casualty on the tracks. "Paramedics also attended, however sadly a person has been pronounced dead at the scene. "Officers are working to identify the deceased and inform their next of kin. The station remains closed while emergency services attend. "This incident is not being treated as suspicious." Alison Wertheimer wrote in 2001 that there were 100–150 suicides annually on the Underground. Research of these cases found that 64 percent of such incidents were male, and were also disproportionately young. The most common tube line for suicide attempts is the Northern line, with 145 recorded between 2000 and 2010. This line runs through Euston underground station, as does the Victoria line. Today's tragic event occurred just a day after architecture firm Grimshaw unveiled their plans for a "bold geometric roof" in an overhaul of Euston station. The new plans are part of a scheme to bring HS2 to Euston station. Set over three levels, the expanded station will feature the largest station concourse in the UK and will be served by up to 17 high-speed trains per hour. There will also be retail space in the station. S2 will connect Euston and, by extension, London, to the midlands and the North. The new design may be welcome to those critical of Euston's current appearance, which has been described as "a dingy, grey, horizontal nothingness" in the New Statesman. Writing for the Times, Richard Morrison wrote: "even by the bleak standards of Sixties architecture, Euston is one of the nastiest concrete boxes in London. " It gives the impression of having been scribbled on the back of a soiled paper bag by a thuggish android with a grudge against humanity and a vampiric loathing of sunlight."