Emma Willis’ husband, Matt, 38, has opened up about the possibility of having more kids. The pair, who already have three children, have joked about “jinxing it” if they were to introduce any more to their brood. Matt spoke about their ideal number of children, and said he believes their family is complete as it is. He explained that three felt right as both himself and Emma are one of three themselves. Talking to Fabulous Magazine in June 2021, the star said: “I’m one of three, Emma is too, so it felt right. “I don’t want any more. I think we’d be jinxing it if we had more. Occasionally we have our moments but, no. No!” READ NOW: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. The couple share three children together: Isabelle, 12, Ace, nine and Trixie, five. Matt recently opened up about how the family had to deal with trolls after a photo of Ace surfaced online of him wearing a pink crop top and sporting long blonde hair. The former Busted member said he tended to avoid reading any hateful comments and has done so for a few years. Matt said he didn’t think of Ace as anything else than his “amazing boy". He said: “I don’t read anything – for a good few years now I’ve tried to stay away from that. “I don’t read comments and didn’t know anything was happening [until later]. “But it’s funny, he’s just our amazing boy and we don’t think about it in any other way.” He then went on to explain that Ace is “musical” and “creative” and that the work his son produces “blows his mind". DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE] The star added that it is “beautiful” that Ace is free to be able to express himself as he chooses and be his own person. Matt spoke up about his other two children as well, stating that the three of them have very different personalities. Isabelle, the oldest, is the most like him. The difference, Matt says, is that Isabelle has natural talent while he had to work hard at her age. The singer explained he and Emma have drilled in the idea that “hard work beats talent if talent doesn’t work hard". He went on to describe their youngest, Trixie, as a “maniac". Matt explained the cheeky youngster constantly “jumps off sofas” and can be difficult to control. However, he clarified that she is well-behaved most of the time.