 BBC soap fans could soon see heartbreak for Lola Pearce (played by Danielle Harold) on EastEnders as Isaac Baptiste (Stevie Basaula) suddenly prepares to leave Walford. The couple have been together for around a year, but some shocking family news will pull Isaac away. According to official soap spoilers, Isaac will soon make plans to leave Albert Square. Will he move away for good or will he return to Lola in the future?    In upcoming scenes on EastEnders, Isaac tells Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) that his mother Sheree Truman (Suzette Llewellyn) has had a heart attack. Isaac explains Sheree wants him to go to Trinidad to help her through her recovery process. However, Kim is suspicious and warns him she thinks Sheree could be lying about her health. After hearing Kim’s remarks Isaac is left feeling conflicted about the situation. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge?  Later on, Kim slips up and blurts out the news about Sheree to Lola and Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker). As Kim tells them about Sheree, Isaac is forced to admit he’s already made plans to see her. Isaac tells Lola and Patrick he’s leaving the next day for Trinidad to look after his mother. Lola feels betrayed and is furious with Isaac for not telling her what was going on sooner.    Later on in The Vic, Lola eventually calms down and explains her fears to Isaac. Lola confesses she’s worried he may not ever come back to be with her in Walford. However, Isaac does his best to reassure her and promises he will return. Will Isaac really come back to Albert Square in the future and if so, how long will Lola have to wait? DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun presenter ‘disappointed’ as couple halt viewing [WATCH]Holby City icons tease potential spin-off for Fletch and Donna [UPDATE]Selling Sunset’s new cast member teases ‘electric’ season 5 [INSIGHT]  EastEnders recently confirmed actor Stevie Basaula, who plays Isaac, had filmed his final scenes for the BBC soap. In a statement, Stevie praised the team behind EastEnders insisting he’d learnt a lot during his time on the show. The soap star commented: “What a dream come true! Grateful to have spent over two years on one of the biggest shows in the country, there's nothing like it. Thank you for everything you've given me. “I've learnt so much during my time and I'm proud to have been a part of some important work and to have made friends and memories that I'll cherish for a long time. “EastEnders has been an essential part of my growth both as a young man and an actor, and I'm now excited and feel ready to explore this next chapter of my career,” he concluded.   EastEnders boss Kate Oates said: “Stevie has been a huge asset to EastEnders during his time here; not least through his incredible performance across Isaac’s schizophrenia story. “As a member of the Trueman family, he will always be a part of one of our most iconic families. “We will miss him, and wish him well in his new ventures,” she added. As Isaac is still a member of the Trueman family there’s a chance he could return to the Square in the future. However, as Stevie is planning to explore more opportunities in his career it is unlikely fans will see him making a comeback to the soap for a while. Will Lola move on with her love life if Isaac stays in Trinidad? Viewers will have to tune in to find out. EastEnders continues Wednesday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 