The former Ukrainian head of National Security and the Defence Council compared the war in Ukraine with the catastrophic terrorism event 9/11 which took place over twenty years ago. Mr Danylyuk also accused the Russian army's of perpetrating war crimes against Ukrainians and urged the world to take notice and keep track of such atrocities. He compared Russian President Vladimir Putin with the infamous terrorist Osama Bin Laden, who was killed by American forces in 2011, and insisted he should "share the same destiny."    Speaking to BBC Radio 4, Mr Danylyuk said: "And the people ready to take on this fight and will not be intimidated, but the threat is very very serious, you understand this." BBC host Amol Rajan said: "Based on what you've seen you believe the war crimes have not just been committed but are continuing to be committed even now?" Mr Danyluk said: "That's the case and the whole world is seeing this, also I've got some witnesses from using the weapons. "You know, the cluster bomb, I've at least heard from one witness, former military so he knows what he's talking about, that was used a bit earlier near Ivankiv that's where Russian forces are advancing. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG He added: "And neighbours clearly cleaning up the area for their advancement, also there was some footage from Kharkiv yesterday that is not been confirmed yet. "But it looks like the cluster bombs were used there as well. "I also near Kharkiv they used the scatter bomb, so-called green parrots bombs. Again, I heard it from the witness who I can trust hopefully. "And it will all be brought in the charges against Putin, and overall what is happening is like a large 9/11 for the whole world and Putin needs to share the destiny of Osama Bin Laden and I would like the world to take on this."  READ MORE: 'Thought we were saving you' Putin under threat as Russians growing wary of propaganda In April 2011 American intelligence agencies found Bin Laden's location near Abbottabad, Pakistan. US forces killed the infamous terrorist and dropped his body into the ocean. This is also not the first time dictator Putin has been compared to someone as evil as Osama Bin Ladden as he has been consistently compared to Hitler due to his actions. Putin has been using barbaric tactics as the invasion heats up, dropping cluster bombs and vacuum bombs that can explode enemy troops' lungs. DON’T MISS: 'What we're looking for' EU defence chief promises 'big damage' to Russia as Ruble plunges'Not impossible!' Tugendhat issues horrifying Russia nuclear warning to BritainRussian troops try to steal civilian cars in Ukraine in desperate bid to escape war  Prosecutor Karim Khan the International Criminal Court chief, recently vowed to look into alleged war crimes in Ukraine committed by the Russian military. According to the UN, more than 100 Ukrainian citizens have been killed and that number is continuing to grow as the invasion continues. Mr Khan said: "I am satisfied that there is a reasonable basis to believe that both alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity have been committed in Ukraine in relation to the events already assessed during the preliminary examination by the Office. "Given the expansion of the conflict in recent days, it is my intention that this investigation will also encompass any new alleged crimes falling within the jurisdiction of my Office that are committed by any party to the conflict on any part of the territory of Ukraine." 