Barcelona boss Xavi has reportedly given his nod of approval regarding a summer swoop for Leeds United star Raphinha. The Brazilian's agent has supposedly delivered troubling news at Elland Road which could precede a transfer struggle at the end of the season. Leeds have choppy waters to navigate over the coming weeks with the Premier League relegation battle still alive and kicking. Results have picked up since Marcelo Bielsa made way for Jesse Marsch in the dugout, however, as they head into the international break off the back of two successive wins. Having edged past Norwich at home, Marsch oversaw a dramatic comeback triumph over Wolves at Molineux on Friday. After going 2-0 down, second-half goals from Jack Harrison, Rodrigo Moreno and a stoppage-time winner from Luke Ayling boosted their chances of survival. Even if they manage to scramble to safety, the prospect of losing Raphinha at the end of the season is a bleak one. Leeds have batted off plenty of advances for their tricky winger in the past, but rumoured interest from Barcelona could leave them in a sticky situation. JUST IN: Jamie Carragher weighs in on Gary Neville's scathing Man Utd attack - 'Can't believe that' SPORT claim that the Catalan club have ditched their plans to swoop for Erling Haaland this summer as they scour the market for alternative options. Xavi has allegedly given the go-ahead to switch focus to Raphinha. The player's agent, Deco, is believed to have told the club that there is no interest in extending his contract at Elland Road and that he could leave in the summer. Chelsea and Liverpool are among the Premier League names who could rival Barcelona for the 25-year-old's signature. DON'T MISS...Man Utd's Ralf Rangnick has four problems to solve over international breakChelsea fans offered Champions League and FA Cup ticket hopeTottenham target Dybala prepares to ditch Juventus and 'open talks' The allure of the Camp Nou and opportunity to avoid joining one of Leeds' Premier League opponents could be enough to sway Raphinha towards Catalonia. A ready-made squad spot could also be waiting for him if Ousmane Dembele jumps ship when his contract expires at the end of the season. Xavi has made Barca an attractive prospect again since his November appointment. They have won their last five La Liga games, including a 4-0 away demolition of fierce rivals Real Madrid, which has left them third in the table after a torrid start to the campaign. In his second full season with Leeds, Raphinha is once again churning out impressive numbers. Having notched 15 goal contributions last time out, he is up to 12 already this campaign despite the Whites' struggles for form. Some reports indicate that Barca are weighing up a £29million offer with the Brazilian's current deal set to expire in 2024. It remains to be seen whether that will tempt Leeds into doing business, or whether Deco will attempt to force through an exit regardless.