Bob Odenkirk has starred as shady cartel lawyer Saul Goodman since joining the cast of Breaking Bad in 2009. Ahead of his return to AMC and Netflix for one last time in Better Call Saul season six, Bob has opened up more about the gig which skyrocketed his acting career to international stardom. The long-running AMC star is still unsure how he was cast as Saul Goodman off the back of his comedy career. Although both Breaking Bad and its equally popular spin-off have their fair share of comedic moments, Saul was one of Bob’s first major dramatic roles. Initially known for his work for series such as Saturday Night Live and The Ben Stiller Show, he broke out with fellow comic David Cross with their sketch series, Mr Show. He has since appeared in a number of popular films and TV shows, including Fargo, I Think You Should Leave, Incredibles 2 and Little Women. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales As he’s still better known for his comedic roles overall, Bob admitted he has remained confused about how he managed to join the relatively serious crime drama Breaking Bad back in 2009. “Yeah good question, I have no idea,” he revealed. “Don’t whisper that question into the universe because I might get it taken away from me. There’s no rhyme or reason, there’s no real logic I can think of.” Bob spoke to Steve Wright about his career on BBC Radio 2 last week and was rather tongue-tied when he was asked about the origins of Saul Goodman. Having launched a respectful career from a three-year run on Mr Show, he had largely remained in the realm of comedy until coming across Vince Gilligan’s award-winning drama. He recalled: “What happened was Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould… Vince wrote Breaking Bad, he’s a genius television writer. He invented the show. “And Peter Gould is a writer who wrote the episode I first appeared on, so he invented the character of Saul Goodman. “They both knew me from Mr Show, the sketch show that I had done 10 years earlier with my partner David Cross. Comedy partner… in real life I hate him, he hates me,” he joked. DON'T MISS:Power Book 4 fans ‘distraught’ as major character killed off [REACTION]Gordon Ramsay: Contestant ‘nearly injured’ in daring challenge [INSIGHT]The Gilded Age star shares fears for George Russell [INTERVIEW] Bob and David will soon be reuniting for another comedy series for Paramount+, this time titled Guru Nation. Before it gets underway, Bob has returned for one last season of Better Call Saul, which also features Vince and Peter as co-showrunners. Despite very rarely venturing into the world of dramatic television, the Breaking Bad creators clearly thought Bob was a perfect match for the charismatic yet cowardly corrupt attorney. Even so, Bob insisted: “But it doesn’t make any sense that he hired me off of Mr Show. “Because that was a broad, fun sketch show. But that’s what happened, and here I am.” Even after proving himself as a serious actor to watch in Breaking Bad and later projects such as Nobody and The Post, Bob still finds himself gravitating towards comedy for his own work. He explained: “I love comedy, it’s what I think about, it’s what I write when I’m left to my own devices. “And somehow I’m able to do this… It doesn’t make any sense, I can’t answer the question. I don’t know.” Bob is thankfully back in shape after recovering from a small heart attack last year, so there will hopefully be plenty more from him to look forward to once Better Call Saul has wrapped up. Better Call Saul season 6 premieres on AMC in the USA on April 18 and the next day on Netflix in the UK.