Bayern Munich and France legend Franck Ribery has been involved in a car crash where he was immediately taken to hospital for a head injury. The 38-year-old was said to have been involved in a traffic accident where he was the passenger in one of the cars involved.  Italian outlet Corriere dello Sport claim Ribery's car crashed into a traffic light leaving the winger with head injuries. He was said to have been immediately transported to hospital having suffered a 'mild head injury'. But Ribery has already returned home from the ordeal with his injuries not thought to be serious. A club statement from Salernitana read: “Following a car accident, Franck Ribery, who was not driving the vehicle, has been diagnosed with a mild head injury. JUST IN: Ex-Tottenham ace 'would take' Marcelo Bielsa at club after Leeds axing  "He will precautionarily rest for a few days." Ribery is now set to miss training for the remainder of the week, potentially putting him out of contention to face Inter Milan on Friday night. The former Bayern Munich star joined Salernitana last summer after he was released by Fiorentina. Ribery has taken over the captain's armband at Salernitana this season and is largely deployed as an attacking midfielder. DON'T MISS  He's yet to score for his new club though with Salernitana sitting bottom of Serie A. Reports emerged at the end of January that Ribery was close to terminating his contract with Salernitana. His current contract expires in the summer and is supposedly mulling over retirement from football. Ribery began his career Boulogne playing in the third-tier of French football before moving around a host of clubs before getting his shot with Marseille in 2005.  His impressive displays for Marseille, helping them win the Intertoto Cup in 2005, led Bayern Munich into making their move two years later. And the tricky winger went on to become a club legend at the Allianz Arena, winning nine league titles along with the Champions League in 2013 among other honours. 2013 was arguably Ribery's best year of his career as he finished third in the Ballon d'Or voting, only just losing out to Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi.