The lawn often doesn’t need to be cut during the winter months because although it continues to grow, it is at a much slower pace. With nicer weather on the way for the UK, one expert has shared exactly what gardeners should be doing to their lawns in March, including sowing new seeds. Lawn expert Chris Mcllroy of The Grass People explained: “During March, most areas in the UK will see temperatures warm up and begin to hit eight to 10 degrees consistently. “Depending on your location, this is when the mowing season typically begins, those further south could have already been mowing their lawns. “Regular mowing will improve the quality of your lawn and doing it regularly during spring and autumn will result in your lawn being healthier. “The recommended mowing height for a regular lawn is 20mm to 40mm. If you try to cut it shorter it may result in damaged grass. READ MORE: Flowers: ‘Handy trick’ to keep ‘blooms thriving for longer’ “Excessive mowing can also create a nitrogen deficiency and cause your grass to yellow and dry out in the sun.” It can be hard to know when to cut the lawn, especially if the weather conditions aren’t the best. Chris said: “If your lawn is long enough mow it, if not don’t. “It’s simple advice but the best often is.” DON'T MISS:DIY hacks homeowners should ‘avoid at all costs’ [EXPLAINER]‘Essential’ jobs for a ‘successful year’ in the garden [COMMENT]Small changes can make your home ‘more attractive’ [INSIGHT] The expert also said March is the “perfect time” to sow a new lawn. This is because the ground temperature needs to be between eight and 10 degrees. Chris added: “Combined with some sun and a little rain will create perfect conditions for germination and grass growth. “Remember, the ideal seedbed needs to be free from any weeds, debris and moss before you sow the grass seed, or you might find some unwelcome visitors growing too. “If your seedbed does have these issues you can apply weedkiller, scarify, aerate and fertilise your lawn.” The scarification process helps to remove organic matter such as thatch and moss which can help allow the grass to grow. Aerating the lawn allows air, water and other nutrients to allow the grass to breathe. Fertilising the lawn is also an important job for gardeners to be doing. According to the expert, fertilisers are a “great way” to kickstart the germination of an existing lawn or before sowing new seed. Chris continued: “You can opt for a low or quick realising fertiliser for your lawn. “Slow release fertilisers will work over a longer period of time, normally 12 to 16 weeks, weather dependent. “They will give your lawn support and consistent feeding for the 12 to 16 weeks. “A quick release fertiliser will give your lawn an intensive boost over four to six weeks. It will give much quicker results but over a much shorter period.”