Joe, 33, appeared on The One Show on Tuesday to discuss his upcoming new drama, The Ipcress File. While explaining his new character's signature look on the BBC chat show, the actor opened up on his former Peaky Blinders alter-ego, John Shelby. His character was a favourite in the series, in which he starred from 2013 to 2017, but he confessed he can no longer wear certain hats due to the association with his iconic character on the series. The revelation came after The One Show presenter Harry Judd asked Joe to confirm some information he'd heard about his role in the upcoming ITV drama. "Joe, I read that finding the right pair of glasses for the role was a massive part of getting into character," he stated. The McFly star asked: "How many pairs did you try on?" "Yeah, that's the only bit of prep I did actually," Joe joked. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump He continued: "Yeah, I went to the opticians' shop and tried on... I think before the costume designer got there, I tried on every pair in the shop. "And there was one pair that worked for my face and I said 'these are the ones' and he agreed. "It was like finding the Harry Potter wand, it was so important! "It sounds silly but getting the right costume and hair makes it so much easier." "Still got them?" Harry asked about the character prop. "I haven't got them," Joe replied. "I should have worn them before the show came out. "Because just like Peaky Blinders, it's another thing I can't really wear anymore. "I can't wear the glasses and I can't wear a peaked hat and I can't shave my head. DON'T MISS... 80-year-old Ukrainian woman left to freeze on Polish border [VIDEO]Finn Cole age: How old is the Peaky Blinders actor? [LATEST]Tipping Point fans gobsmacked at players' 'historic' victory [REACTION] "So it's just adding to the list of things I can't do!" Harry suggested: "Your disguise will just be walking about as you, which is quite good." "Yeah," Joe laughed. "It would be a bit naff wouldn't it, if I walked around with the glasses, it'd be a bit sad." "Hat and glasses maybe?" Harry advised. John Shelby was killed off the period drama at the beginning of season four when the Shelby brothers tried to flee the Changretta brothers. After receiving the Black Hand Christmas card from the Changretta Family, John did not react as fast as he should have. Speaking about his departure from the show to Radio Times recently, Joe explained: "For me, it was a no-brainer [to leave]. "I was missing out on some stuff and I felt like I had exhausted this character. "There’s a ceiling here and I’ve well and truly hit it. "People used to come up to me and go, 'You’re that bloke from Peaky Blinders'. "But I’m thinking, ‘My best work is in other stuff. There’s more to me than this'." Peaky Blinders continues on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One, while The Ipcress File premieres on Sunday, March 6 on ITV at 9pm. 