Andy Murray has teamed back up with former coach Ivan Lendl for a third stint together. The world No 84 won all three of his Grand Slam titles and his two Olympic gold medals while working under the eight-time Major champion. It’s the first time Lendl has worked with him since his return from injury, and an unearthed interview now shows Murray broke his retirement promise in his comeback. Murray first started working with Lendl in 2011, winning his first two Grand Slam titles with him before they parted ways in 2014. They picked their partnership back up in 2016, the Brit’s most successful season that saw him win a second Wimbledon and second Olympic gold, as well as become world No 1 for the first time. Lendl left the team again at the end of 2017, when the current world No 84 had already ended his season early with a hip injury. It would be more than a year before Murray was pain-free again, as he underwent hip resurfacing surgery in early 2019 after an unsuccessful attempt at coming back in 2018. JUST IN: Refugee held in Djokovic detention hotel for nine years finally free  With a mental joint in his hip, the 34-year-old won his very first tournament back, the Queens doubles title alongside Feliciano Lopez. He later went on to defeat fellow three-time Grand Slam champion Stan Wawrinka in the final of the European Open in October of that year, winning his first and so far only singles title of his comebacl. An unearthed interview from his title win in Antwerp now shows that the former world No 1 broke a retirement promise he made at the end of 2019. Ranked world No 243 at the time, with his victory seeing him shoot up to No 127 a day later, Murray said he would no longer continue playing if he was still ranked around 100 in the world in a years’ time. DON’T MISSDjokovic criticised by ATP for 'inefficient' breakaway organisationATP give Zverev abuse investigation update as accuser 'not contacted'Ukrainian tennis star pays tribute to country after escaping bombs  "If I'm still number 100 in the world a year from now, will I keep playing? Probably not," he told Süddeutsche Zeitung  at the time. "But I hope to be much higher, win more consistent matches and measure myself against the greats. If I can do that, I'll play as long as I can." In October of 2020 he was ranked inside the world’s top 120, flitting between 117 and 115. Murray only broke back into the world’s top 100 for the first time since 2018 this season, getting to No 95 at the beginning of February. He now sits at his highest ranking since mounting his first comeback at Queens in 2018, and will be hoping to build on his 84th place under the guidance of Lendl. Murray is heading to America for the Masters 1000s in Indian Wells and Miami before Lendl will join him at the conclusion of the tournaments. The former French Open finalist has already confirmed he will skip the clay-court swing this year and will instead undergo a training block in Miami with Lendl in the build up to the grass season.