Fiona Hill, a British-born ex-advisor to three American Commanders-in-Chief, urged world leaders to impose massive sanctions on Russia in an interview with Politico. World leaders have worked together to impose several sets of sanctions on Russia, including the exclusion of Russia's financial institutions from SWIFT. However, it took some time for Western leaders to agree to the SWIFT sanctions after Germany snubbed Brexit Britain's initial request to hit Moscow where it hurts. Ms Hill, who served under President Donald Trump on the National Security Council, said: "Sanctions are not going to be enough. "You need to have a major international response, where governments decide on their own accord that they can't do business with Russia for a period of time until this is resolved. "We need a temporary suspension of business activity with Russia. "Just as we wouldn't be having a full-blown diplomatic negotiation for anything but a ceasefire and withdrawal while Ukraine is still being actively invaded, so it's the same thing with business. "Right now you're fuelling the invasion of Ukraine. JUST IN: 'Putin was wrong!' Biden slams Kremlin over Ukraine invasion in State of the Union address "So what we need is a suspension of business activity with Russia until Moscow ceases hostilities and withdraws its troops." The UK has since issued its first tranche of sanctions against Belarusian individuals and organisations after Minsk was found to be facilitating the invasion of Ukraine from within its own borders. Speaking about the sanctions, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: "We are inflicting economic pain on Putin and those closest to him. "We will not rest until Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity is restored. "The Lukashenko regime actively aids and abets Russia's illegal invasion and will be made to feel the economic consequences for its support for Putin. READ MORE: 'Risk to freedom of expression!' Lord Frost leads Tory revolt against Online Safety Bill "There will be nowhere to hide. Nothing – and no one – is off the table." Ms Hill, who testified in Mr Trump's first impeachment trial back in 2019, also took aim at her former boss about his previous interactions with the Russian President Vladimir Putin. She said: "Putin tried to warn Trump about this but I don't think Trump figured out what he was saying." The 45th President, who suggested Joe Biden acted "dumb" in comparison to the "genius" Vladimir Putin, claimed the invasion of Ukraine wouldn't have taken place if he was still in the Oval Office. Speaking to supporters at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Florida, Mr Trump said: "The Russian attack on Ukraine is appalling. DON'T MISS:  French presidential hopeful sensationally attacks UK over Ukraine war [REVEAL] Ukraine support from UK furiously backed by Lord Hannan [INSIGHT] Diane Abbott and anti-NATO Labour MPs put on notice by Starmer [SPOTLIGHT] "It’s an outrage and an atrocity that should never have been allowed to occur. "We are praying for the proud people of Ukraine. "God bless them all. "As everyone understands, this horrific disaster would never have happened if our election was not rigged and if I was the President." However, there is no evidence to suggest the 2020 US Presidential Election was rigged.