Rockstar Ozzy Osbourne and his wife Sharon Osbourne are saying a teary goodbye to Los Angeles as they prepare to return to their Buckinghamshire mansion to avoid soaring tax rates. In a new interview, the Black Sabbath frontman, 73, confirmed that he and his wife of 40 years, 69, are preparing for the move home after having spent the past 25 years in Beverly Hills. The rock and roll legend confirmed that he and his flame-haired wife are set to make the move back to Welders House in Bucks. Ozzy blamed the move on California's rising tax rate. He said: "We are a bit sad. But the tax is getting too much. "I am sad because I really really like staying and living there." READ MORE: A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton forced to move again after split But the star didn't completely rule out a return to La La Land in the future. Ozzy went on: "If they do the taxes better then I may come back. I do not know." He continued to explain that he's planning to produce music upon his return to the UK, adding that his band members are prepared to make the journey over to work with him. "I am taking my recording studio with me," Ozzy confirmed. He added that he's planning to build his own barn at the historic property which will house his recording studio. "I will still be making music and my band will come over," he told The Mirror. It is understood that the US federal tax rate is 28 per cent with an additional 13 per cent state tax in California. The father-of-six has had a difficult couple of years after undergoing back and neck surgery while suffering from Parkinson's disease, which he was diagnosed with in 2003. DON'T MISS... Ulrika Jonsson blasts Strictly's Kristina Rihanoff over war post [UPDATE]Oti Mabuse shares an emotional farewell to co-star after Strictly exit [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan says Shane Warne was 'one of first' to call amid GMB row [ANALYSIS] At the end of last year, Ozzy revealed that the back surgery left him virtually crippled. He said: "When I was about 69 and a half I thought to myself, 'One day, I wonder when I will start to feel like an old guy?' "F**k me, when I became 70, I had the f*****g thumb thing. "It has been one nightmare after another." Back in 2018, he was forced to cancel dates during his No More Tours 2 tour, due to an infection in his right thumb. He was hospitalised after contracting a staph infection and had to undergo multiple surgeries. It was so severe that the swelling reached the "size of a f*****g lightbulb" and could have killed him if it had ripped through the rest of his body. A year later, while recovering from a bout of pneumonia, he suffered a fall at his Los Angeles home that caused him to "re-injure his back and neck and shoulders".