Former Tottenham Hotspur forward Darren Bent believes Everton midfielder Dele Alli should consider moving down into the Championship to “get a bit of confidence”. The former England international was sent on loan to Frank Lampard’s side after falling out of favour with Antonio Conte at Spurs. While the move was initially heralded as a possible match made in heaven, Alli has not started any of Everton’s six Premier League matches. He is yet to register a goal or assist in any of his appearances for the Toffees, and his last league goal game in Tottenham’s 1-0 away victory against Wolves in August. Alli is also embroiled in a very tight relegation battle which appears set to go all the way to the final day of the season. However, Bent believes a move into the Championship could help resuscitate Alli’s chances of rediscovering his best form “I thought going to Everton, the fresh start and the new surroundings would kick him back into life. A bit of hunger, a bit of different circumstances and a different manager, but it just hasn’t happened,” Bent said to TalkSPORT. JUST IN: Manchester United star Tahith Chong robbed at knifepoint by masked gang “What might need to happen, and there are no guarantees and may be a knock to his pride, but I think he may need to go down a division, to the Championship and completely rip it up. “If Everton were to go down, which I’m sure they hope will not happen, I think he would absolutely rip it up. You would expect him to be the best player in that division. DON'T MISS: England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate (NEWS)4 England u21 stars who can still make World Cup after Andorra win (INSIGHT)Arsenal star Smith Rowe misses England training again to create doubt (INJURIES) “He could get a bit of confidence and then maybe come back up, but at the minute he does not seem like he can get himself going. If they go down, what Premier League club would buy him?” Everton do hold an option to purchase Alli for around £40million at the end of the season as part of their loan agreement with the north Londoners. However, the financial hit of relegation would likely scupper any plans, if any, the Merseysiders have to sign him at the end of the current campaign. Everton have won two and lost eight of their last ten Premier League matches. Both victories have come under Lampard, but the Toffees still have plenty to don with only three points separating them from the drop zone. After the international break, the Toffees face two crucial away matches against West Ham United and Burnley, before a tumultuous home clash against Manchester United. They also still have to face Liverpool, Chelsea and Arsenal, as well as a double header against Leicester City.