Peaky Blinders has drawn in fans since it first aired on BBC in 2013. Finn Cole's character Michael Gray was introduced in the second series. He's the son of Polly (played by Helen McCrory), cousin of the Shelby siblings, and formerly a powerful and high-ranking member of the Peaky Blinders. Michael was banished from the Shelby business in season five after revealing his plans to take over. Fans of the show are eager to find out more about the actor, including his age. How old is Finn Cole? Peaky Blinders continues to remain a favourite with fans, with series six having started last week. The hit show returned with a bang on Sunday and saw the plot jumping four years ahead to explore how Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) expanded the family business. Michael lost the trust of the other characters in the last series. He, together with his wife Gina Gray (Anya Taylor-Joy), formulated a plan to restructure the Shelby company in the US and put himself in charge. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Finn Cole, who stars as the villain of the series, is an English actor who was born in Kingston. He has also starred as Joshua "J" Cody in Animal Kingdom and played young Jakob Toretto in the film F9. The London-based actor is 26 years old and was born on November 9, 1995. His older brother, Joe Cole, is also an actor and helped Finn get the audition for his first acting job. In 2015, he starred in Helen Edmundson's BBC One adaptation of An Inspector Calls, where he played the role of Eric Birling. Finn is the second-youngest of five brothers, and Joe starred alongside him in Peaky Blinders. Joe played John Shelby, who was killed off the series back in 2017. His popular character was killed by the American Mafia following a warning, much to the upset of shocked fans. DON'T MISS... Tipping Point fans gobsmacked at players' 'historic' victory [LATEST]EastEnders cancelled: BBC soap taken off air in shake-up [REACTION]Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' [INTERVIEW] Finn has also made several movie appearances. His first was as an extra in Offender in 2012 and Don Wallace in Slaughterhouse Rulez in 2018. The next year, he starred in Dreamland as Eugene Evans. His role as Joseph Kearney in Here Are The Young Men came next, before he starred as the young Jakob Toretto in F9 in 2021. As well as his Peaky Blinders role, which he has held since 2014, Finn has appeared in other shows. After An Inspector Calls, he appeared in two episodes of Lewis as Ollie Tedman. His brother Joe recently talked about leaving his role behind and why he chose to walk away from the series. He told Radio Times: "For me, it was a no-brainer [to leave]. "I was missing out on some stuff and I felt like I had exhausted this character." Peaky Blinders continues on Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.