Anthony Joshua looks set to get his rematch against Oleksandr Usyk this summer after the Ukrainian fighter said he will leave his homeland to prepare for the fight. In a video statement on social media, Usyk confirmed reports that he had been given permission to travel abroad. Joshua lost his world title belts to the Ukrainian last September, as he was shocked on home soil and defeated at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. He wasn't expecting to wait for long for a chance to take them back, though, as within days he had activated the rematch clause in the fight contract. However, the whole affair was thrown into doubt when Ukraine was invaded by Russia on Vladimir Putin's orders. Not long after the start of the conflict, Usyk flew home and took up arms against hostile forces. He joined the likes of retired champions Vitaly and Wladimir Klitschko and lightweight Vasyl Lomachenko in joining the fight for freedom. After Lomachenko turned down his own chance to leave home and continue his boxing career, some thought Usyk might follow suit. JUST IN: Hearn confirms Joshua's fight plans after chat with Usyk's manager But it seems fans will get to see that rematch this year after all, now that the world champion has confirmed he will be leaving. He is expected to set up a training camp in neighbouring Poland, setting the stage for a potential fight at some point in June or July. Ukyk confirmed the news while speaking Ukrainian in a video, in front of a blue and yellow flag which was covered in the words "get out of Ukraine, Putin". In the caption, he wrote in broken English: "I decided to start preparing for a rematch with Anthony Joshua, a large number of my friends support me, all the rest of the good and peace, Thank God for everything." Expecting Usyk to be involved in the conflict for potentially a long time, Joshua's camp had been working on arranging an interim fight while he waited for his title shot to become available again. A five-man shortlist had been drawn up, with the likes of Otto Wallin and Joe Joyce mooted as potential opponents. DON'T MISS:Joe Joyce hits back at Anthony Joshua and accuses rival of 'ducking'Anthony Joshua issues crystal clear response to Joe Joyce rumoursCaptured Russian admits Putin U-turn after Usyk joined Ukraine defence But now it appears such an arrangement will no longer be needed now that Usyk is once against available to fight. It will be music to AJ's ears, as his promoter Eddie Hearn revealed earlier this week that the Briton is itching to get back in the ring. "AJ is good and loved the UFC [in London last weekend], but you can tell he wants to fight," Hearn said. "He wanted to get in there and fight. He is excited, he wants to be active and that is the one thing that has been missing a lot from his career. "I think because of his commercial obligations, but also as well as that trying to keep more active with the pandemic, it has really been two fights in two years so he feels he wants to get active again."