In a poll that ran from 10am to 4pm on Wednesday, March 25, Express.co.uk asked its readers: “Do you think Prince Harry and Meghan Markle deserve the right to change their minds and resume some royal duties”, after a royal expert said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex might wish to make a return once Prince Charles ascends the throne. The poll gathered a whopping 10,782 participants, with hundreds of comments left in a lively debate.  Overwhelmingly, the majority – 97 percent (10,483) — said “no”, Meghan and Harry should not be allowed to come back as part-time royals. Just two percent (267) said “yes”, they should be allowed to change their minds and come back, and a further one percent (32 people) said they just didn’t know. In the comments, it was clear that people felt too much had happened between the Duke and Duchess and the rest of the Royal Family. Username Fredbeare said, succinctly: “I think they've incinerated that particular bridge.” Readers also pointed to the bombshell Oprah interview Meghan and Harry appeared in last year, as well as Harry’s upcoming memoir, which reports suggest contains damaging allegations about the royal world. One user, GiantDwarf wrote: “If they had simply left that would be one thing. Since leaving, however, they have gone out of their way to badmouth their family.” READ MORE: 'What tosh!' Meghan and Harry's 'part-time' royal return plan savaged Others said the couple should stick to the choice they made when they decided to live a quieter life. Username Di.Rad said: “They made it clear, they wanted a life out of the limelight” Username Ellwood said: “They have made clear their ambition – to lead private lives away from the responsibility and exposure of royal duty. It's not something that they should be entitled to dip in and out of when it suits them.” And user DennisV wrote: “They made their choice so let them stick with it.”  Others said they felt it would be disrespectful to the Queen to try and come back part-time when she is no longer on the throne, as she declined to offer them that package when they negotiated their exit from full-time royal duties. Username Audumla said: “This is what was refused to them by the Queen and her wishes should be adhered to. “She told them that they couldn't be half in and half out…the Royal Family [must] serve selflessly.” And username Goldielover agreed: “They had their trial year, and decided not to come back. “They are hoping that Charles will give them what the Queen wouldn't, and that is highly disrespectful towards her.” DON'T MISS: Queen set out brilliant strategy to minimise Prince Andrew settlement [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex stuns in stylish maxi skirt for touching engagement  [PICTURES]Prince George sides with Prince William in major family rivalry [REPORT]  The poll came off the back of comments made by royal author Tom Quinn, speaking to the To Di For Daily podcast on Monday. He said: “One interesting thing an insider told me…is that both Meghan and Harry believe that when the elder royals die – in other words, Elizabeth – they may well be able when Charles is King, be able to come back and be the part-time royals that they really wanted to be. “So that they would be six months [as] working royals and six months in the States or wherever doing their own thing. “That was something that Queen Elizabeth absolutely said couldn’t happen, but I think Meghan and Harry are hoping that Charles, Harry's father after all, will be more of a moderniser and will say to them, ‘okay, if you want to be part-time royals, that’s fine’. “I don’t think Harry and Meghan really want to spend their whole time in the States and not be part of the Royal Family, they just don’t want to do it all the time.”  He added: “I don’t think Harry does want to destroy the Royal Family. I think he just really does want to find a role.” “He doesn’t really have a role in the Royal Family because he’s the spare rather than the heir, but there’s still lots of hospitals to open, meetings to go to, charities to support. “He could have had that limited role, but in California what can he do? “So I think really rather than damage the Royal Family I think he’s just madly in love with Meghan and wants to make her happy.”  