Britney Spears, 40, hinted she is loving life on a romantic holiday with her personal trainer and model fiancé, Sam Asghari, 28, as she posed fully nude for a series of Instagram snaps. The pop sensation frolicked on the beach with just three diamond emojis covering her modesty. For her latest photoshoot, the Baby One More Time singer rolled around in the sea as she beamed for the camera, wearing nothing but a necklace. Looking the picture of happiness, Britney captioned the post in view of her 39.6 million followers with a slew of rose emojis. Thousands of Britney’s famous friends took to the comments to compliment the star and gush that they “love seeing her happy”. Paris Hilton said: “Sliving!” READ MORE:Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Actress Rosie Okumura exclaimed: “IT’S BRITNEY, BEACH!!!” Singer Lia Clark penned: “You are free, you deserve it!!!” And Ricky wrote: “I love seeing you happy.” In a second set of pics, Britney posed completely topless with her hands covering her chest. She then shared a video of herself soaking up the sun on the idyllic beach wearing just a pair of yellow bikini bottoms. The singer kicked her feet in the sand and rolled in the sea to Chris Isaak’s hit, Baby I Did A Bad Thing. Britney’s fans were once again on hand to cheer her on. Desi wrote: “Free spirit.” DON'T MISSNeil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit[LATEST]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart[INSIGHT]Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards[NEWS] Brittney said: “I’m just glad you’re enjoying yourself Britney. That’s all.” While Derrick added: “I’m loving this FREEDOM!” It comes days after Britney's fiancé Sam shared a steamy video of the couple in a hot tub. Britney was seen straddling her man as they kissed passionately. Captioning the post, he penned: “Island love with the lioness @BritneySpears.” The personal trainer proposed to Britney in September 2021. In one of his latest uploads Sam teased that the secret to a “happy life” is a “happy wife”. Alongside a photo of the pair looking glamorous on a night out, he said: “Women are the most powerful humans on this. "Fellas listen up: what they don’t teach you in school is that your ability to listen and agree with your woman even if you don’t agree is the key to a happy life. “What do they say? Oh… Happy wife, happy life. Happy Valentine’s Day my lioness @britneyspears.”