Susanna Reid, 51, has said that she wants to start focusing on her personal life. It comes after the Good Morning Britain host declared her intentions to take a step back from accepting extra work outside of the ITV show. She said: "I’ve got one more documentary coming out, which has already been filmed, but I actually made a decision not to do extra work. "The boys are so close in age. I’ve just decided that they’ll be my focus this year," the star explained to The Sun's Fabulous Magazine. Susanna split from her boyfriend, Dominic Cotton, of 16 years, in 2014, after she and Kevin Clifton made the final of Strictly Come Dancing. The former couple share three sons, Sam, 19, Finn, 17 and Jack, 16. Susanna has ensured that she stays civil with Dominic for her children. The GMB presenter was briefly dating Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish in 2018, but the pair eventually went separate ways after a few months. READ NOW: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family The host is now reportedly keen to restart her love life, and, according to Closer Magazine, she has re-evaluated her situation following the end of COVID-19 lockdown restrictions. A source told the magazine that Susanna wants to put herself and her family first, while taking a step back from work. They claimed: “She’s felt her entire life has centred on work for so long, and she wants to put herself and her family first.” “She’s hoping to spend the extra time she’ll have by sacrificing extra work projects to work on herself too, as well as her boys, and that includes dating,” the source added. The insider also claimed that a smaller schedule will give her more time to find “Mr right". Susanna recently renewed her contract with GMB for £1.1 million. In the past, the star has spoken up about the sadness she feels when her children leave for university. She admitted to crying when speaking to You Magazine in January 2021 when her eldest, Sam, left for university in 2020. DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [UPDATE] 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [LATEST] Will Smith fires back at Rebel Wilson's joke about his marriage [DEBATE] She described the event as “heart-wrenching". She told the publication, however, that the two have been in steady contact as he always answers her calls. “Every time I’ve called he’s answered immediately and he’s wanted to talk,” she told the publication. “And I’m filled with love every time, because I think: ‘OK, he’s gone, but he’s not gone gone'. “He still wants to feel that connection," she added. She said she feels sad that all three of her children will leave home in the near future. Susanna continued: “The thing I found even more emotional was realising he’s on a string of three,” she candidly revealed. “When he goes, the next one goes, then the next one.”