Top Boy returned to Netflix for a second time after the streaming platform gave the TV gang drama a new home. The latest season left fans asking what Lauryn (played by Saffron Hocking) did to Sully (Kano) amongst other questions. Viewers are keen to find out more about the actress, and Express.co.uk has the latest. Lauryn came into the spotlight in the latest season of Top Boy and she ended up in Liverpool. There she met Curtis (Howard Charles), who kept her isolated from her family, but she ended up getting her revenge. Lauryn had been secretly aiding a rival gang by divulging details about Summerhouse. This ultimately led to her exile from the group, and she became one of the most notable characters in the series. Actress Saffron Hocking has previously starred as Lima in Smalltown. READ MORE: Top Boy theory: Jaq betrayed as Beck revealed as undercover officer? Her other credits include White Gold and London Kills. Fans may recognise her in Moon Knight, the newly-released Marvel series on Disney Plus. In the series, she plays the character Dylan. The star has been keeping busy since appearing in Top Boy, as she is currently filming the TV series Riches. She is due to play Sasha in the new show. The star has spoken out about why Top Boy has become so popular over the years. The first two seasons aired on Channel 4 before it was saved by rap star Drake. Netflix resurrected the series, with the original two seasons renamed Top Boy Summerhouse. Speaking to Big Issue, she said: "I think Top Boy is so popular because it’s real. "It covers social issues that people can relate to – it’s not just gang, gun and drug culture. DON'T MISS... Top Boy theory: Lauryn's baby father exposed as dead character? [THEORY] Top Boy theory: The 4 major clues Jamie is alive despite Sully murder[THEORY]Top Boy: Sully's daughter kidnapped in Jamie revenge twist? [THEORY] "There are storylines such as homophobia, deportation and child abuse issues in there with mine about domestic abuse. “Lauryn, bless her, she’s having a real tough time." Hocking has to portray a victim of domestic abuse in the series, something she did not take lightly. She contacted Refuge, an organisation that assists domestic violence victims. The star has since become an advocate for supporting victims of such abuse. She is on Instagram and shared a statement ahead of the release of the latest season. She said: "I wanted to approach and prepare for it in the best, most truthful way possible and in doing so, I educated myself. "As an actress, as a woman, I am aware that some of you might find the nature of the scenes triggering. "And I just want to let you know that I support you all. I'm with you. "There is always a way out of the cycle of abuse and there is help out there."  Top Boy is streaming on Netflix now.