Ukraine said it had regained Chuhuiv, reoccupied an airport and inflicted huge damage on Moscow's murderers. The strategic hub of Chuhuiv - previously home to 31,000 people - is 23 miles from second city Kharkiv, which itself has suffered intense bombardment. A spokesman for the Ukrainian general staff said: "Chuhuiv has been liberated. The occupiers suffered heavy losses in personnel and equipment. "Lieutenant Colonel Dmitry Safronov, Commander of the 61st Separate Marine Brigade, and Lieutenant Colonel Denis Glebov, Deputy Commander of the 11th Separate Airborne Assault Brigade were killed." Ukrainian forces have also retaken the regional airport in the southern region of Mykolayiv. Governor Vitaliy Kim said: "The roads are open, we control the bridges, you can safely leave Mykolayiv and other towns." As the conflict ground through its 12th day, Ukrainian forces continued to defy their invaders, with only the major city of Kherson securely under the Kremlin's control. The military command of the under-siege country said its forces had killed more than 11,000 Russian troops. They had also knocked out 1,000 armoured vehicles, 290 tanks, 68 helicopters and 46 planes. The figures came amid mounting derision about the Russian army in the days since despot Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion before dawn on February 24. The Ukrainian defence ministry said: "In the Luhansk region, the entire front line is littered with corpses and lined with equipment of the invaders." It claimed to have shot down another Russian fighter jet over Kharkiv yesterday and released footage apparently showing it. It also said it had struck a Putin warship in the Black Sea in a missile attack. Meanwhile, a captured Russian commander begged for mercy for the Kremlin's forces. He said they were duped into invading in the false belief Ukraine's Government had been overthrown by Nazis and needed liberating. The officer, who said he is a lieutenant-colonel in the Russian national guard's rapid response unit, said his countrymen had been brainwashed into backing the war. But he now feels shame and says Ukrainians are right to resist. Astakhov Dmitry Mikhailovich, who made it clear he was speaking freely at a press conference, said his disillusion began when he saw two of his favourite boxers -Oleksandr Usyk and Vasiliy Lomachenko - agreeing to take up arms for the resistance. And in a stark message to Russian troops fighting, he said: "I'm begging you, stop before it is too late... Russia cannot win." Elsewhere, members of the Sparta battalion of the separatist self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic were pictured next to the coffin of their commander Vladimir Zhoga who was killed. And Putin promised a ceasefire to allow civilians to escape - but only if they went to Russia or its ally Belarus. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "This is a completely immoral story. These are citizens of Ukraine, they should have the right to evacuate to the territory of Ukraine." The UN said more than 1.5 million people had been displaced since the start of the invasion. Russian forces continued their bombardment of towns and cities despite the announcement of limited local ceasefires. Shelling prevented civilians escaping embattled Kyiv, Mariupol, Sumy, Kharkiv, Volnovakha and Mykolayiv. Previous attempts to create humanitarian corridors have ended with civilians being shelled. And Mr Zelensky accused the Russians of murder, referring to some of those killed during one of the two previous ceasefire offers. He said: "Instead of humanitarian corridors, they can only make bloody ones. A family was killed in Irpin. Man, woman and two children. Right on the road.As in a shooting gallery." A Russian taskforce claimed the new ceasefire would start yesterday morning. But published evacuation routes confirmed civilians would only be able to go to Russia and Belarus. Foreign Office minister James Cleverly said: "It appears cynical beyond belief. Providing evacuation routes into the arms of the country that is currently destroying yours is a nonsense." Meanwhile, the Royal Navy's aircraft carrier HMS Prince of Wales yesterday set sail for a major exercise in the Arctic. It will involve 35,000 troops from 28 nations operating in a scenario to defend northern Europe from a "modern adversary".