Royal author Tom Bower warned that "time is running out" for the Duke of Sussex to travel to Britain for a number of key events. Mr Bower highlighted Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey on March 29 and celebrations in June marking the Queen's historic Platinum Jubilee as he discussed a possible return by Harry and Meghan Markle. Mr Bower told Closer magazine: "The next few months will be the ultimate test for Harry, the ultimate dilemma. "He insists he adores his grandmother, so will he come back to support her at Prince Philip’s memorial service, and will he come back to support her and celebrate her reign in the Platinum Jubilee? "These are milestone moments and, sadly, time is running out. "If he doesn’t come back, it’s a clear statement of where lies his loyalty and his own interest. "He’s had many opportunities to return home and spend time with his family – and hasn’t – but this really will show where his and Meghan’s mindsets are. "And if they don’t come back soon, and Lilibet doesn’t meet the Queen and Harry doesn’t celebrate her life and reign with her, it could be something he comes to regret forever." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry hailed as 'world leaders'  Harry and Meghan are living in California after quitting royal duties in 2020. Speculation has been high over whether the pair will join other members of the Royal Family for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Harry has returned to the UK twice since Megxit, but Meghan has remained in the US. The couple's daughter Lilibet, who was born in June 2021, has not yet met her great-grandmother who she is named after. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Kate And William spark fan frenzy [LIVE BLOG]Meghan and Harry's comeback plan to RETURN as 'part-time royals' [INSIGHT]‘Out of place’ Harry ‘unconsciously feeds off Meghan’s confidence’ [ANALYSIS] But a return by the Sussex family looks unlikely as Harry is pursuing a High Court claim against the Home Office over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection while in Britain. The Duke has insisted he "does not feel safe" to bring his two children under the current security arrangements. He is arguing that his private protection team in the US does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed. Harry and Meghan lost their taxpayer-funded police protection in the wake of quitting as working royals. The Duke was last in Britain for the unveiling of a Princess Diana statue at Kensington Palace in July 2021. He also attended the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral last April. 