Home decorating expert Georgina Burnett, also known as The Home Genie, shared her spring cleaning, decluttering and storage hacks. Storage will free up space in your home, leaving it feeling bigger and calmer, according to the home stylist, who is appearing at this year’s Ideal Home Show. There is also a visual trick any homeowner can pull off with a pot of paint. It will make a room look "less cluttered", Georgina said. This Morning property expert told Express.co.uk: "Colour drenching furniture can help to make a room look less cluttered. "Whether buying new or upcycling preloved pieces, if you paint your furniture the same colour as your walls it will be less intrusive on the room so you can include more storage items without cluttering the room." READ MORE: Amazing renovation': DIY bathroom created by amateur couple dubbed 'so lovely' Georgina also suggested using vertical space for storage, rather than floor space, opening up some space. "Baskets in the bathroom can help the room you start the day in feel more serene," she said. "If you have no floor space you can add shelves high up to hold compartmentalised containers. "Or soft baskets with handles can be hung from hooks on the wall. DON'T MISSStacey Solomon's £384 black toilet is a huge trend [PICTURES] Incredible DIY renovation blows fans away [PROPERTY] Unbelievable DIY transformation with 'perfect shade' of paint [HOMES] "If you don’t have the luxury of space, vertical storage is a way you can use the height of walls while adding a design feature that stops a room from feeling bottom-heavy. "Think ladders, narrow shelving units or the back of a door. "Make it interesting and in keeping with the style and colour scheme of the space and not only do you benefit from the wasted wall space, you can also add a feature to a previously blank area." Georgina also recommends thinking carefully about dead space and how it is used in the home. She said: "Think about how you can use dead space, like adding attractive containers under coffee tables, investing in underbed units with wheels or ottomans. "If you have the space, why not add small pieces of furniture in awkward spaces like next to the basin? "Bathroom furniture doesn’t have to be fitted and going against the norm can inject a boutique feel to the room, whilst offering space to hide those ugly plastic bottles. "Mobile storage solutions have become the trend in a world where the average size of a home is shrinking. "A storage item on wheels can become multifunctional while adding flexibility and fluidity to a room." Another renovation expert created a DIY kitchen transformation using just paint. Situated in the North East, Alison posts renovation updates on her Instagram account @houseabovetheriver. Her stunning kitchen has been widely praised by fans. Featuring a large island, fireplace, and bay windows, the gorgeous space has been decorated thoughtfully with interesting hues. Alison told followers: "We love @farrowandball 'Railings' (used in the bedroom and kitchen)." The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, will return to Olympia London from Friday 11th to Sunday 27th March 2022. Georgina will be at the show on 15th and 21st March. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk