Today, the life of Prince Philip was celebrated during a memorial service at Westminster Abbey. Family, friends and associates of the Duke of Edinburgh joined together to honour his legacy. Philip passed away last year at the age of 99 — his funeral arrangements were greatly simplified due to coronavirus restrictions. Today’s service had 1,800 people in attendance — the congregation included members of the Royal Family, political leaders and European royals.As the longest serving consort, Philip met with the rich, famous and noteworthy during his time.One of these was the legendary musician Sir Elton John, who the Duke met in the late Seventies.Sir Elton recalled their encounter in his autobiography, 'Me'. A passionate football fan and former chairman of Watford Football Club, Elton revealed that he had bought an Aston Martin painted in his team's colours — yellow, with a red and black stripe.He regularly drove the car around his local area Old Windsor, but did not realise how much attention the car attracted — until it was made apparent by the late Duke of Edinburgh.Elton wrote in the book: “I didn’t realise how much attention it had attracted until I was introduced to Prince Philip.”Philip asked Sir Elton if he lived near Windsor Castle, to which he confirmed he did. “‘Have you seen the bloody idiot who drives around that area in his ghastly car?“It’s bright yellow with a ridiculous stripe on it. Do you know him?’”Elton was forced to confess that he was the owner of the car.The singer responded: “Yes, Your Highness. It’s actually me.” DON'T MISS:Queen's heartbreak: Monarch upset as she listens to God Save The Queen [NEW]'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury [REPORT]Prince Philip broke royal protocol with unprecedented political stance [INSIGHT] He explained the Duke didn’t seem shocked or embarrassed by Elton’s confession, instead “he seemed quite pleased to have found the idiot in question”, so he could give the driver a piece of his mind.He said: "What the hell are you thinking? Ridiculous."Makes you look like a bloody fool. Get rid of it."While this was the first time Elton had met the Duke, he was no stranger to the Royal Family. The singer had previously sparked a friendship with Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong Jones. He later formed a close bond with Princess Diana.The two first met in 1981 at Prince Andrew's birthday party at Windsor Castle.However, the pair fell out years later.Diana had promised to write the foreword for the book ‘Rock and Royalty’ put together by their mutual friend, Gianni Versace. Elton wrote in his biography: “I think Buckingham Palace didn’t like the idea of a member of the Royal Family having anything to do with a book that featured shots of naked guys with towels draped around them.”She was “keen to build bridges” with the Firm at this point, despite no longer being a working royal.Diana requested that her forward be removed from the book, a move that royal author Howard Hodgson claimed “doomed” the book launch to failure. Following the assassination of Versace, the pair reconciled. However, a month later, August 1997, Diana died in a car crash. At the princess’ funeral, Sir Elton performed ‘Candle in the Wind 1997’, a rewritten version of his single that paid tribute to Diana.He performed the song live for the only time at the funeral in Westminster Abbey.At the Abbey today, Philip was honoured for his life and work. One of his most enduring legacies is the Duke of Edinburgh's Award.A Gold Award holder, Doyin Sonibare, described the impact Philip’s best remembered charitable project had on her life and career.She said: "On reflection, I never thought I could do half of the things I have done in the last decade, yet I've been able to do so because of the opportunities presented to me."In 1956, when the Duke of Edinburgh created the Award, he had a vision to create a programme which supported the development of young people all over the world. "Today, you've learnt how his legacy has impacted me and how it will continue to impact future generations to come."