Daniel Ricciardo has claimed that he was planning to "retire" from F1 before finding out a race in Las Vegas will be added to the sport's calendar from next year. It was announced in the early hours of Thursday morning that F1 will be heading to the iconic Las Vegas Strip in 2023 with an initial three-year deal for a night race.  Every F1 race on the season calendar has nearly always taken place on a Sunday, but the Las Vegas Grand Prix will stand apart in being scheduled for a Saturday. The race in Sin City will be the third Grand Prix in the United States, joining Miami and Austin. F1 cameras filmed the drivers being told of the Las Vegas Grand Prix for the first time with all of them seemingly excited for the announcement. Ricciardo may have been the happiest of the lot as his initial reaction was just simply a smile and a snap of his fingers. But then the McLaren driver added in a later clip that his initial plans to retire have now been put on hold. JUST IN: Red Bull warn Max Verstappen that Lewis Hamilton will 'come back'  "I was gonna retire, I will not no more," Ricciardo said, with it unclear whether or not he was joking about walking away later this year. It's been reported that Ricciardo's contract with McLaren runs until the end of the 2023 season with the option of a further year. Speaking ahead of the new season, Ricciardo made it clear that he hopes to spend the remainder of his career at McLaren. “The reason why I’m not remotely thinking about another team or beyond my future is that I actually won in maybe the hardest year of my career," he said. “So my thought is: if I win in a year like that, what does that say about the journey ahead? DON'T MISS  “I am definitely excited and I want to be here, possibly until the end of my career.” It's been a frustrating start to the 2022 campaign for Ricciardo though having finished 14th in Bahrain followed by a retirement at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. McLaren had appeared to be up there with the frontrunners in pre-season testing, but they've so far been hampered by a below-par Mercedes power unit with other challenges also in play. Ricciardo is still hopeful of better things to come in the very near future and is hoping for some upgrades for his home Grand Prix next week. “I’m excited to go home and compete there and for now we will just keep chipping away," he said. "We can’t promise amazing results yet, but we are going to keep at it. I am sure some better things are on the horizon.”