Experts on pensioners’ financial hardships rushed to blast the Government over the reduction of income tax from 20p to 19p, saying this is “merely a sticking plaster” for the sector. Financial adviser Andrew Megson, executive chairman of My Pension Expert highlighted the unbearable weight of the cost of living crisis, which sees inflation sitting at a 30-year high of 6.2 percent. Due to the soaring costs, Mr Megson said that the tax cut, as well as the introduction of the triple lock, will be welcome. However, he added that these measures are “merely a sticking plaster” for pensioners and called for a series of additional measures to be imposed. Mr Megson noted that “systematic changes will be required to offer meaningful support” to at- or pre-retirement individuals. For example, he suggested that the Government simplifies the pension system in order to benefit pension planners, based on research that showed 64 percent of Britons aged 40 and over needs this change. The same research highlighted that almost half (47 percent) would like to see the government improve access to independent financial advice. The expert concluded: “Evidently, the UK’s pension problems run far deeper than just monetary support.” Despite the fact that such changes would take time, Mr Megson urged savers to seek financial advice in order to gain confidence within “such economic uncertainty”. Torsten Bell, the Chief Executive of the Resolution Foundation, said: "Pensioners are getting stuffed this year with no help (because they largely don't pay National Insurance and state pension is rising far more slowly than prices) but are winning from the ludicrous longer-term shift of income tax down, National Insurance up." The measures announced on Wednesday were also criticised by mobility equipment supplier, Middletons Mobility, which highlighted a lack of support towards the elderly and disabled. Verity Kick, Marketing Director of the company, said: "Whilst costs are on the rise, the announcement in today’s Spring Statement that there will be no additional support for elderly or disabled people is a further blow for these communities.” Ms Kick explained how disabled people typically have higher energy needs than the wider public, whilst the use of electric wheelchairs, stairlifts, and extra washing due to medical issues “can’t be cut back”. She added: ”The rise in energy bills puts into jeopardy the quality and safety of day-to-day life.” The company’s representative noted that living costs amongst disabled people have increased over the past three months causing a worsening effect on their long-standing health condition, as well as their mental health. The TaxPayers' Alliance also criticised the 1p cut to income tax, highlighting that the difference won't be visible due to the National Insurance hike. John O’Connell, chief executive of the Alliance, said: “Though a cut in income tax is welcome, in reality the Treasury is taking with one hand to give away with the other." He added: “Cutting income tax down the line will be easily offset by the upcoming national insurance hike and freezing income tax thresholds, leaving taxpayers out of pocket overall. “If the government wants to give taxpayers and businesses a respite from rises, they’d do well to simply scrap the health and social care levy.”