Nick Kyrgios has weighed in on Jenson Brooksby's outburst at the Miami Open after it was compared to his own incident in Indian Wells. The Aussie narrowly avoided hitting a ball boy last week when he threw his racket in frustration after losing his quarter-final to Rafael Nadal. He was fined more than Brooksby despite the 21-year-old's racket actually making contact with a ball kid. Brooksby was a double-break up in the third set of his Miami Open first-round against Federico Coria when the Argentine managed to force a break point. The world No 39 threw his racket in anger and it bounced up, hitting a ball boy standing at the back of the court. He received a point penalty for the incident while Coria argued with chair umpire Carlos Bernardes that his opponent deserved to be defaulted instead. It was the second time in the match that the American had flung his racket in frustration, doing so when he lost the opening set with the racket landing on the other side of the court. But Bernardes argued that he was following the ATP rulebook, applying the penalty for a second code violation. Coria was backed up by a number of tennis fans and pundits who pointed out that Brooksby should have been defaulted but he went on to win 3-6 6-2 6-3. Many thought players like Brooksby weren't deterred from throwing rackets near court officials after arguing that Alexander Zverev and Nick Kyrgios had avoided adequate punishment for their own recent outbursts, with the German withdrawn from the Acapulco singles draw when he deliberately smashed the umpire's chair with his racket but ended up avoiding a ban from the tour despite the ATP finding him guilty of a "major offence". JUST IN: Andy Murray on 'borrowed time' as Grand Slam claim made  Kyrgios had sought out a ball boy to meet him and apologise after narrowly missing hitting him with his racket when throwing it in frustration and was later fined £15,000 ($20,000) for unsportsmanlike conduct over the incident - the maximum fine a player can receive for the specific violation - as well as a £4,000 ($5,000) fine for an audible obscenity earlier in the match. But it has now been pointed out that Brooksby was fined significantly less than Kyrgios at £11,000 ($15,000) even though his racket made contact with a ball kid while the 26-year-old's didn't. The Aussie himself has now given his verdict on Brooksby's outburst and admitted he couldn't criticise the young American after some of his own past indiscretions."I mean, look, I have done plenty of things in my tennis career and in my life that, you know, I think everyone has where they have made a questionable decision, whether it's tennis, whether it's your job, whether it's life, whether it's a relationship, we have all made questionable decisions. No one is perfect," the current world No 102 said. "I wasn't the best role model growing up on tour, and I don't think at times I am. At times I think I'm a great role model." Kyrgios also gave the world No 39 credit for owning up to his mistake, publicly apologising and also meeting with the ball boy much like the Aussie did in Indian Wells. DON'T MISSRaducanu fires back after Brit warned players are losing 'respect'Djokovic left in limbo over US Open after New York mayor decisionTsitsipas 'not focusing' on succeeding Federer, Nadal and Djokovic He continued: "I think, like everyone knows, he held himself accountable. He knows it's not the right thing to do," the Aussie explained. "I can't see him being a personality where he's going to kind of say, F-you, like it's not-okay-type thing. I don't think that's the right way to go about it, as well. Obviously it's not right, but he didn't mean it. I don't think he meant any harm." Speaking afetr he dispatched world No 7 Andrey Rublev in just 51 minutes during his second-round match, the 26-year-old also pointed out that someone young like Brooksby would benefit from guidance to prevent a similar outburst in the future. "He's going to be someone we're going to have to nurture and actually care for in our sport. He's incredibly talented. He's unorthodox. He's my polar opposite I think like on the court, like he's very strange, I guess, to watch but he's awesome. "I don't know. It happens. I think it happens. I'm not saying it's okay, but I think, yeah, like the fact he knows it's wrong, and I don't think - I can't see him doing it again, to be honest." 