Strictly Come Dancing's official line-up of professional dancers was announced on Thursday's instalment of Morning Live. Following the announcement, pro dancers Katya Jones, Kai Widdrington, Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk, who appeared on the show, discussed the popular series returning to BBC One later this year. Russian dancer Katya also branded any claims of rifts between the pros as "total nonsense". During the interview, Morning Live host, and former Strictly Come Dancing contestant, Sara Davies said: "I know just how much of a close-knit group you are but we have been seeing recent news about rifts over the Ukrainian crisis, that must be upsetting for you." However, Katya replied: "Sara, this is obviously total nonsense, you have seen firsthand how supportive we are of each other, always. "I do want to make one thing very clear. I think the invasion of Ukraine is totally wrong and it should not be happening." She stressed it "must stop" and has been in regular touch with Ukrainian co-star Nikita Kuzmin. READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security She added: "[He] has been very proactive about sharing ways of how to help Ukrainian people. "I personally find it really upsetting to see what these people are going through." Katya condemned the attack, adding: "It's scary and so wrong on all levels, but within our group, I can tell you that there is nothing but love and support and we can't wait to come back together again." Luba, who is Russian, also addressed the rift allegation and told Sara it has been difficult to see so much untruthful information published.  Luba added: "We are only about love, respect and support of each other and of course, all of us are thinking about the victims and the people who are paying the consequences." Focusing on the new series, Morning Live presenter Gethin Jones told the stars they provide so much "escapism" for Strictly Come Dancing viewers at home. The celebrity line-up for this year's series, which will be the milestone 20th year of the show, is yet to be officially announced. But the professional dancers who will be returning to the ballroom this autumn include, Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden, Karen Hauer, Katya Jones, Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Cameron Lombard, Gorka Marquez, Luba Mushtuk, Giovanni Pernice, Jowita Przystal, Johannes Radebe, Kai Widdrington and Nancy Xu. DON'T MISS...Which Strictly Come Dancing professionals are returning? [BREAKING]James Jordan sparks fears over his 'uncomfortable' shingles diagnosis [LATEST]Shirley Ballas pays tribute to Aljaž Škorjanec as he leaves Strictly [EXCLUSIVE] Sarah James, who is Strictly's Executive Producer, said: "We could not be more proud of the Strictly professional dancers and we are so happy to have so many returning for 2022. "The world-class skill and extraordinary care they bring to everything they do, from working with their celebrity partners to choreographing and performing remarkable and unforgettable routines, never ceases to amaze us. "They really are the best in the business and we can’t wait to see what they bring to the Strictly ballroom for our twentieth fabulous series.” Two dancers who will not be returning for the upcoming series are Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec.  Aljaž announced he would not be starring in the 20th series on Monday following his nine-year stint on the programme. He has followed in the footsteps of his wife Janette Manrara who quit the show in 2020. Oti, who became the only professional dancer to ever win two consecutive years, announced she was leaving the show earlier this year after seven years. Morning Live continues on weekdays at 9.15am on BBC One. 