Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, 43-year-old British-Iranian project manager at the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was arrested in Tehran in April 2016. The arrest took place during a holiday to visit her family in celebration of Nowruz, Iranian New Year, with her then 22-month-old daughter, Gabriella. She was arrested at Imam Khomeini Airport as she and her daughter were about to board a flight back home to London. After nearly six years of captivity and successive efforts from the UK Government to retain her passport and clear her name, Mrs Zaghari-Ratliffe has finally been freed from what has most recently been house-arrest at her parent’s home in Tehran. In response to her release, Thomson Reuters Foundation CEO Antonio Zappulla said: “It's been six long and dark years since she was effectively taken hostage. It's been a very difficult time. “Nazanin's treatment has been utterly inhumane, her family has experienced tremendous suffering. “Nazanin has been the innocent victim of an international dispute, one that lasted way too long. Mr Zapulla continued: “It's been a living nightmare for her. She's gone through every possible ordeal - separation from her daughter, solitary confinement, hunger strikes, dealing with illnesses.  READ MORE: Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe 'on her way home' from Iran prison nightmare  “Nazanin is coming home and we're over the moon.” On April 3, 2016, Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe was arrested by Iranian officials at Imam Khomeini Airport, just before boarding a flight home to London with her daughter, Gabriella. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s British passport was confiscated, along with her daughter’s. However, Gabriella's was soon returned, and she remained in Iran in the care of her maternal grandparents before being reunited with her father in 2019 in London. The exact reason for Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s arrest was initially unclear, but it later unfolded that she was accused by Iranian authorities of plotting to topple the government in Tehran.  Speaking in October 2017, Iran’s prosecutor-general said that Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe had been running “a BBC Persian online journalism course, aimed at recruiting and training people to spread propaganda against Iran.” This allegation relates to Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s former employment at BBC World Service Trust, now known as BBC Media Action, between February 2009 and October 2010. BBC World Service Trust, an international charity, was said to have provided training courses to Iranian citizen journalists of an Iranian technology news website, for which they were subsequently sentenced for up to 11 years in jail for their participation. However, the BBC described Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s role as “junior and administrative”, denying the charge, stating her imprisonment was based on a false premise.  The Iranian government never disclosed the nature of the crimes Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe is supposed to have committed but insisted she was detained on legitimate grounds. DON'T MISS: Five ways Ukraine war could end – from diplomacy to nuclear bombs [EXPLAINED]Russia turns east: Three countries undermine West sanction with Putin [INSIGHT] North Korea, Iran and China forming nuclear 'axis' of horror [ANALYSIS]     Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe was sentenced to five years in prison in September 2016, then a further one year in April 2021 after her original sentence ended, as she was accused and found guilty of a second set of charges of engaging in propaganda activities against the government. Throughout her time in prison, Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s husband had been lobbying the UK Government to help secure freedom for his wife, even carrying out a 21-day hunger strike outside the Foreign Office [link to express] to urge action. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe has always denied the charges against her, and her husband maintains his wife "was imprisoned as leverage for a debt owed by the UK over its failure to deliver tanks to Iran in 1979." The UK has now paid the £393.8 million owed to Iran after it cancelled an order of Chieftain tanks following the overthrow of the shah in the revolution of 1979. In a statement, Mrs Truss confirmed the debt had been settled "in parallel" with the release of the detainees.  While there were plaudits in the Commons for Mrs Truss and the Foreign Office finally securing Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's release, Prime Minister Boris Johnson was criticised. In 2017, as foreign secretary, he wrongly told MPs she had been training journalists at the time of her arrest - something which the Tehran regime seized on as proof she was engaged in "propaganda against the regime". It led to many MPs calling for Mr Johnson to resign. He apologised for his "mistake" in the House of Commons. Speaking to reporters during a visit to Riyadh, Mr Johnson said he was "thrilled" she would be reunited with her husband, Richard, and daughter, Gabriella. He added: "I am glad that after a great deal of UK diplomacy we have been able to get her out, get her back to her family. "I am absolutely thrilled for Nazanin, for Richard and for Gabriella." 