Amanda Owen, the star of the Channel 5 series Our Yorkshire Farm, is known for sharing updates with her followers about life at Ravenseat. Last night was no different as she took to Instagram to share a new update about lambing on the farm. Amanda shared how one of her sheep had fallen sick in a moving update. She posted several pictures in her living room of one of her daughters cuddling a lamb. The young sheep could be seen wrapped in a towel in front of the fire. Alongside these, Amanda penned: “At the start of lambing time you get your troubles.  “This lamb was a little sharp, before it’s time & mother is sick. “She might get her back, depends on whether she can feed her. “The real likelihood is that she’ll be adopted onto another yow if she gets strong.” Amanda also shared how she’s “hopeful” for the future of the little lamb.  She added in view of her 500,000 followers: “Hope springs eternal.” The shepherdess also included these hashtags in her post: “#yorkshire #shepherdess #springtime #lamb.” Following her update, Amanda was inundated with support on the post. Many shared their good wishes for the sheep and her little lamb. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty reacts to 'brilliant news' producer joined The One Show [INSIGHT]‘Broke my heart’ Claire Sweeney forced to sell Mallorca villa [INTERVIEW]Ricky Gervais makes dig at Oscar gift bags degrading 'poor people' [PICTURES]   While others commented on how much they loved her updates. Hoblouise wrote: “Just adorable! Such a beautiful caring family! Xxx” Elainekav5 simply replied: “Hope all goes well.” Toryglen1 commented: “Oh you all do such a fantastic job looking after the animals so well. Credit to you all.” Terrimitchell3451 added: “However, in the meantime....plenty of cuddles!” Caroja_crochet penned: “Awww that brings back memories from my childhood, back in the 70’s living next door to a farm in Hebden Bridge, always an orphan lamb to feed at lambing, heaven.” (sic)  Amanda also took to Instagram to share another update on the lambing process after this. She shared how most of her sheep will get on with lambing themselves. Posting three photos of her with them on the farm, she explained the process to her fans. She wrote: “The majority of the yows will lamb without any intervention whatsoever. “Could just do with it not snowing now !” 