According to Nationwide’s latest House Price Index (HPI), prices of the average home increased by 1.7 percent in February to more than £260,000 for the first time. The HPI also unveiled that the price of a typical home sits at about 6.7 times average earnings, up from a ratio of 5.8 in 2019. Despite house prices being on the rise, Britons all over the country are in the process of selling and buying homes. The high demand for houses has been outstripping the supply of homes on the market for months, and it continues to do so. Despite this, Sam Mitchell, Chief Executive Officer at Strike, said it is a “good idea” to buy now. The expert told Express.co.uk: “It is a good idea to buy in the current property market. “Whilst it is clear that there is very little stock available and demand is very high and this means prices are higher than they were a year ago, it is difficult to see what is going to cause a big price correction. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home “Even if confidence in the economy dips, housing isn’t like other assets, if prices soften the homeowners tend to sit tight rather than sell at a loss. “I would say that it is usually better to be ‘on’ rather than ‘off’ the property ladder but buyers shouldn’t panic buy. “Look at the market, when you find something you like, offer what you can afford, don’t get pressured into going way over.” The expert warned potential buyers to “choose wisely” despite homes flying off the market because “a home is more than a financial transaction”. DON'T MISS:‘Essential’ jobs for a ‘successful year’ in the garden [COMMENT]Small changes can make your home ‘more attractive’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘trick’ to remove ‘nasty’ vacuum smells [EXPLAINER] Sam added: “Anyone who has bought their own home before will know, it’s your castle, it’s where you may raise your kids, it’s your pension and it’s your kids’ inheritance.” With many looking to buy in the current property market, many will also be selling their own homes too. The expert said: “It’s probably the strongest seller’s market I’ve seen in my 20 years in property. “Good homes attract a premium. Whilst new properties to market are down 10 percent, demand is up 15 percent leading to an imbalance. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “This is driving prices up and available properties down. “The dynamic won’t last forever so if you are thinking about selling, particularly a rental investment, or if you are looking to downsize, there has never been a better time to get a great price for your home.” The cost of living is on the rise, including house prices, with the average UK house standing at around £260,000, according to Nationwide. This means homeowners may be paying more for their dream home in the current market. Sam explained: “They [potential homebuyers] are certainly likely to pay more than they would have done last year. “But you might consider where prices might be next year. “My prediction is that they will continue to rise, albeit at a slower rate. “Demand is likely to cool as the cost of living criss bites and interest rates start to feed through. “It is hard to see what might cause a huge spike in supply of new homes to the market meaning prices are likely to be fairly well insulated.”