New research has revealed that 43 percent of home thefts occur when the clocks go forward, accounting for 11 percent of break ins. It’s thought that the return of spring - with the season’s longer days and warmer weather - leads to homeowners becoming distracted, often slacking on home security measures for their property. With the clocks going back in a matter of days now, leading home security experts at SimpliSafe have offered their advice to stay safe over the spring and summer months. Jonathan Wall, UK General Manager at SimpliSafe shares his six top tips so we don’t get slack on security with the warmer weather and brighter evenings, keeping opportunistic burglars at bay. He advised homeowners to have a home security system installed, which include cameras and alarms. Jonathan said: “It’ll alert you if a window or door opens where entry sensors are installed and the motion sensor will pick up any movement in the home. “Indoor and outdoor cameras are great too, an intruder can see them as a deterrent but in a worse case scenario, they will capture crucial evidence for the police.” READ MORE: Common security mistakes Britons make when protecting their homes Locking windows and doors is also a “simple” way to ensure a home is secure. Jonathan said: “As the temperature rises and you feel the urge to open your windows and doors, don’t present the opportunity for an easy entrance. “Of course, we’re not saying that you need to keep yourself shut in at all times, but simply remembering to lock any possible entrances to your home when leaving the room or heading out for the day will help prevent the risk of burglary.” It’s inevitable that warmer temperatures will start to get Britons in the holiday mood, so for those who are planning a getaway, don’t let security come to the bottom of the checklist. DON'T MISS: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]Property: The ‘tremendous’ feature to ‘instantly’ add property value  [TIPS]Orchids: The ‘trimming’ hack to keep your orchids healthy in spring [EXPERT] The home security expert said: “Make sure that your home is protected - we’d recommend a home security system with a professional monitoring plan where a security expert would alert you of an incident, call any nominated ‘keyholders’ and request police response. “You could also ask a trusted neighbour to keep an eye on things - give them a spare key rather than leaving one under a doormat or plant pot (this could pose a massive security risk!), and give them a bespoke pin for your security system so you know when they are coming and going. “ Homeowners should also be mindful of what they share on social media whilst on holiday too. Keeping profiles private and just sharing pictures with those trusted, rather than showing others as a burglar could see as an opportunity. It is not just the home security that needs to be taken seriously, but also garden security is “essential” when the clocks go forward, according to Jonathan. He said: “Taking garden security seriously is essential when the clocks go forward. “If you are looking for a place to safely store your outside equipment ready for their next use, as mentioned above, a shed or garage is one of the best ways to go. “However, if they aren’t secure - for example, the shed has suffered structural damage - you could risk your valuables being stolen. “So, make sure your shed is in good condition with a strong lock and that your garage doors are closed and locked when not in use.” It is also important to hide any valuable outdoor equipment left out in the open. The expert said: “If a bike or expensive gardening equipment was to be left out in the open - even for a matter of minutes - you could end up unknowingly luring a trespasser into your property. “Instead, hide them from view either in a garden shed, garage, or inside your home away from windows.” Plus, just like homes, keep car keys out of sight in the home. Jonathan added: “Thieves can be opportunists so we don’t want to give them an excuse to act. “If you can, park your car on the driveway with an outdoor camera watching over it or in the garage for that extra layer of protection.”