The Ricketts family, one of several consortiums in contention to buy Chelsea, have been forced to release a statement in response to allegations of racism and Islamophobia that are threatening to derail their Stamford Bridge bid. The development has emerged after Paul Canoville, the first-ever black player to play for Chelsea, joined a number of Chelsea fans in opposing their approach with the hashtag #NoToRicketts. The online campaign has been started up in response to a number of leaked emails from the father of the family, Joe Ricketts, owner of the Chicago Cubs. As reported by Splinter, he is alleged to have written in 2012: "Christians and Jews can have a mutual respect for each other to create a civil society. "As you know, Islam cannot do that. Therefore we cannot ever let Islam become a large part of our society. Muslims are naturally my (our) enemy due to their deep antagonism and bias against non-Muslims." On his own website, Ricketts has since issued an apology, insisting he was in the wrong as he looked to clear his name. READ MORE: Man Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger He wrote: " "I deeply regret and apologise for some of the exchanges I had in my emails. Sometimes I received emails that I should have condemned. "Other times I’ve said things that don’t reflect my value system. I strongly believe that bigoted ideas are wrong." The ordeal could now cost the Ricketts family dearly in their bid to take over Chelsea from Roman Abramovich. They were set to fly to London on Tuesday to meet with Chelsea Pitch Owners and the club's supporters' trust. DON'T MISSPaul Pogba reveals battle with depression after World Cup medal stolen during Man Utd gameMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held However, the strong backlash from supporters is now likely to scupper their hopes of being handed the keys to Stamford Bridge. The Ricketts family have now issued their own statement in response to the fan campaign that strongly opposes their bid. "Our family rejects any form of hate in the strongest possible terms," the statement read. "Racism and Islamophobia have no place whatsoever in our society. "We have developed deep and abiding partnerships with the Muslim community in Chicago, as well as with all communities of colour. "Respect for diversity and inclusion are central to our family's values. "If we prevail in our bid for Chelsea, we commit to the Club and to the fans that we will actively promote these values." Chelsea are yet to inform any of the respective bidders of their next move as they take their time to assess the offers on the table.