Beverly Callard, 64, left Coronation Street almost two years ago after 31 years of playing Liz McDonald. The actress has spoken in a new interview about her time on the soap and why her decision to leave ended up being an easy one. Beverly announced her departure from the award-winning soap in 2019, with her final scenes airing in 2020. Not too soon after leaving the show, Beverly took part in the twentieth series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!, finishing in third place. Beverly has spoken to the Sun's TV magazine about her time on the soap and why she decided to leave after 31 years. She said: "As an actor, you’re scared to say no to a job, but the scripts came and I thought I’ve just got to trust my instincts really. READ MORE: ‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband "It's not nine to five, it’s like seven until ten at night and it’s six days a week. "It's really full on and you have no life, like it used to be a lot harder years ago when the cast was smaller." Beverly even admitted that she thinks the soap's quality has gone downhill since she started in 1989. The actress believes Corrie is "overloaded with soap operas" and calls it a "shame" due to the show's promise. Back in September, Beverley said she was a "workaholic" and began to struggle on set because she was suffering with depression. She said: "I'd struggled for so long knowing something was wrong but not on set knowing exactly what it was. "You say all those things to yourself, like 'get a grip.' In the end I couldn't go on any longer. With hindsight I know I was a workaholic." "Clinical depression is a curse of the strong. It does not happen to weak people. It does not happen to people who are quitters," she added to the Daily Star. DON'T MISS... Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT] Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [PICS] Max Verstappen blasted by Chris Evans for 'rude' radio comments [COMMENT] Beverly has spoken out at Coronation Street previously, claiming that she was ousted from the show's 50th special because of her mental health. Speaking on Melanie Blake's Girl Talk, Beverly said: "I had returned to work and I was filming virtually every scene every day because the McDonalds were involved in a storyline. "Then a man said to me, you are not going to be involved in the 50th storyline of Coronation Street's birthday, because you've had clinical depression you may be flaky and unreliable." This led Beverly to think that she would have been treated differently if she was a man. She continued: "Men are treated differently, completely differently. "A man can tell someone off on set and say I am not accepting this, it will be fine." Beverly will be starring in the new comedy series Newark, Newark. The series, filmed in Nottingham, also stars Mat Horne, Morgana Robinson and Lauren Socha.