Russia has announced the claim that they have taken full control of Kherson Oblast, located South of Ukraine. This would be a major event in the war if this claim can be confirmed. A spokesperson for Russia's Defence Ministry, Igor Konashenov was one of the first to claim that Russian forces had taken control of the territory, Russian news agencies followed also claimed. The Minister of State has claimed that Russian President Vladimir Putin's plan of attack on Ukraine, has not been working. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky had been warning of the possibility of Russia making Kherson into a breakaway state like Luhansk, Donestk and Donbas.  This morning James Cleverly the Minister of State for Europe explained that any attempt by Russia to hold a "referendum" in certain areas of Ukraine would end up to "be another attempt to put a veneer of credibility on what is an unacceptable, unjustified illegal invasion". The Foreign Office minister also spoke to Times Radio after the Ministry of Defence (MoD)  and explained that Russia "may seek to stage a 'referendum" in Kherson in an attempt to legitimise the area as a "breakaway republic' similar to Donetsk, Luhansk and Crimea". Mr Cleverly added: "What we have seen is that there has been a long-standing disinformation campaign coming out from Russia. There has been all kinds of excuses." JUST IN: Putin braces for coup as 'disgruntled' top Russian generals turn on Kremlin chief In a video message on Sunday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky gave a warning that Russians were trying to take full control of the area. "The invaders in the Kherson region are trying to repeat the notorious experience of the formation of pseudo republics, blackmail local leaders, put pressure on deputies, look for someone to bribe." It would not be the first time that Russian separatists decided to break away. Since 2014 Donetsk and Luhansk residents have seen fighting and division, and both states have been claimed by decree from Russia.  READ MORE: Prince Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim Finnish ambassador to the UK, Jukka Suikosaari, explained Putin's miscalculation exclusively to the Express.