It has also, in some cases, been found to help someone extend their lifespan. A new study has been released showing just two or three cups of coffee a day could be good for the heart. Due to be presented at the American College of Cardiology’s 71st Annual Scientific Session, the results found that coffee was associated with a lower risk of heart disease and an extended life. The largest look at coffee’s potential role in heart disease and death, the study tried to provide reassurance that coffee isn’t linked to an increased risk of heart disease. READ MORE: Blood clots: Symptoms can arise in the belly area Speaking of the results, Peter M. Kistler of the Alfred Hospital and Baker Heart Institute in Melbourne, Australia said: “Because coffee can quicken heart rate, some people worry that drinking it could trigger or worsen certain heart issues. “This is where general medical advice to stop drinking coffee may come from. But our data suggests that daily coffee intake shouldn’t be discouraged, but rather included as part of a healthy diet for people with and without heart disease. “We found coffee drinking had either a neutral effect – meaning that it did no harm – or was associated with benefits to heart health.” Using the UK Biobank, the study followed half a million people for 10 years in order to come to this conclusion.  Kistler continued: “There is a whole range of mechanisms through which coffee may reduce mortality and have these favourable effects on cardiovascular disease. “Coffee drinkers should feel reassured that they can continue to enjoy coffee even if they have heart disease. Coffee is the most common cognitive enhancer – it wakes you up, makes you mentally shaper and it’s a very important component of many people’s daily lives.” While the public may associate coffee most with the drug caffeine, the reason for it’s life extending properties comes down to other factors. Coffee is made up of a multitude of different active biological compounds that help reduce oxidative stress, reduce inflammation, improve insulin sensitivity, boost metabolism, and help improve heart health. However, while this study is a piece of positive news for coffee drinkers, it is important to note that this does not mean coffee is a silver bullet for heart disease. There are a number of factors that can increase or decrease a person’s risk of heart disease, namely their diet and how much they exercise. If a person drinks coffee but has a poor diet and doesn’t engage in physical activity coffee will have little impact. Coffee will be most effect as a dietary sidekick alongside a balanced diet of fruit and vegetables alongside regular physical exercise. Furthermore, the way the coffee is prepared will have an impact. If the coffee is packed with sugar and topped with cream, it is highly likely these fatty accoutrements will outweigh the health benefits. Traditionally coffee is at its most effective when enjoyed black with no sugar or milk. For more information about heart disease contact the NHS or consult with your GP.