Andy Murray crashed out of Indian Wells on Sunday. The world No 88 lost to Alexander Bublik in the second round, with the 31st seed needing just two sets to beat the former finalist 7-6(9) 6-3. It's his fifth consecutive second-round loss and Murray voiced his disappointment as he shared the reason he thought he was unable to make it further in the draw. Murray opened his Indian Wells campaign by reaching a 700th career match win as he came from a set down to beat Taro Daniel 1-6 6-2 6-4. It was their third meeting of the year, with the Japanese player knocking the world No 88 out of the Australian Open in the second round, but Murray has been able to get revenge since in Doha and Indian Wells. He then faced a rematch with Alexander Bublik, the 31st seed he had already beaten in Rotterdam last month. But this time it was the Kazakh who came through, with the pair contesting a neck-and-neck first set that saw no breaks of serve. JUST IN: Raducanu dumped out of Indian Wells following last 32 defeat to Martic   It was Bublik who took an early lead at 4-2 in the first set breaker, then trading back-to-back mini-breaks before regaining his lead to hold set points at 6-4. The three-time Grand Slam champion turned the tables, winning three points in a row to set up his own set point and holding two more again at 8-7 and 9-8, but the 24-year-old stormed back again, winning the next three points himself to take the tiebreak 11-9 and win the opener. Murray then fell away in the second set after a monumental effort in the first, getting broken in the fourth game. He managed to fend off more break points at 2-4 down but the recent Montpellier champion held onto his lead and closed out a 7-6(9) 6-3 win in two hours. DON'T MISSMedvedev responds after angry Ukrainian calls for Russian tennis banOsaka reduced to tears by Indian Wells heckler in Kudermetova lossMedvedev fires warning to Djokovic and Nadal after adjusting to No 1  It was Murray's fifth second-round loss in a row after the Australian Open, Rotterdam, Doha and Dubai, and after the match he admitted he thought he had more chances to take control but blew them. “Both of us had some chances in the tie-break, but in the first set I certainly created more of the opportunities and I didn’t take them,” the 2009 runner-up said. "He obviously came up with some good serves at times, but I certainly had my chances and against players that play that style of tennis and have obviously big serves and are not easy to break." Confessing that he hadn't been clutch in the key moments, costing him the match, he added: "You need to be ruthless when you get your chances and I just didn’t quite play well enough in those moments today." The former world No 1 will next compete in the Miami Open after receiving a wildcard into the main draw. He is also set to link back up with former coach Ivan Lendl for a training block in Miami after the tournament but said during Indian Wells that he was hoping the eight-time Grand Slam champion would come to some of his matches too. Lendl worked with Murray for two stints in 2011-2014 and again in 2016-2017. He was with the Brit for all three of his Grand Slam titles, his two Olympic gold medals and his ascent to world No 1.