Sources have told Reuters about the US President’s next move in his attempt to force Vladimir Putin to retreat from Ukraine. White House reporter for Bloomberg Jenny Leonard also posted the news on Twitter, saying he will work “alongside G7 & EU leaders” and aims to “repeal PNTR” [Permanent Normal Trade Relations]. Ms Leonard tweeted in the early hours of Friday morning: “NEWS: @POTUS tomorrow will call for an end of normal trade relations with Russia, clearing the way for increased tariffs on Russian imports. “Announcement will be alongside G7 & EU leaders. “He’ll work with Congress on legislation to repeal PNTR. “Both parties have pushed for this.”  Harsh sanctions have already been placed on Russia by many major world powers, with the International Monetary Fund saying their economy will plunge into “deep recession” this year. On Tuesday, Biden imposed a ban on all Russian oil and gas imports, causing prices to rise even further as the US faces an energy crisis. He told reporters at the White House: “We’re banning all imports of Russian oil and gas energy. “That means Russian oil will no longer be acceptable in US ports and the American people will deal another powerful blow to Putin’s war machine.”  READ MORE: $100bn devastation to Ukrainian economy The UK has continued to hit Russian oligarchs with sanctions, with Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich their latest high-profile target. Mr Abramovich will have his assets frozen, a travel ban and transport sanctions will be imposed, and he will be prohibited from making transactions with UK businesses and individuals. This means Chelsea FC can no longer sell tickets for games, buy or transfer players, or open its merchandise shop, according to the BBC. However there will be a special licence issued to ensure staff are paid and current Chelsea ticket holders can still attend upcoming fixtures.  DON'T MISS:Brexit Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg says Government must rethink fracking [ENERGY CRISIS]First Lady Jill Biden rallies troops in Kentucky [US POLITICS]Russia accuses mum-to-be of faking horrific hospital bombing pics [REVEAL] Boris Johnson said there should be no “safe havens” for those who support Putin and his military action in Ukraine. Mr Abramovich announced earlier this month he would be selling the football club he has owned since 2003. The call to end PNTR with Russia will come as the World Bank warns Russia could be effectively bankrupt Nas early as next week. Carmen Reinhart, chief economist at the World Bank said the country was “mighty close” to a default with $40billion of Moscow’s external bonds at risk. She said: “They're not rated by the agencies as a selective default yet, but mighty close.” Althea Spinozzi, a fixed rates strategist at Saxo Bank, said it was possible that Russia could default “as soon as next week”. Since the invasion of Ukraine, the ruble has collapsed in value with overseas trading already seeing huge loses, reaching as little as 1.55 to the dollar on Monday. 