BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker has taken to Twitter to poke fun at a blunder from the show, which occurred during Nina Warhurst's live segment. The Strictly Come Dancing star, 45, had been speaking to his colleague Nina, who was on location in Liverpool, as he sat alongside his co-host Sally Nugent in the studio when the funny moment occurred. In view of his 752,500 followers, the BBC star posted a brief clip of the mishap going on behind Nina as she reported from a warehouse. He captioned the video: "When you’re caught playing Wordle at work live on #BBCBreakfast," he wrote alongside two laughing emojis and tagging his colleague Nina Warhurst. In the segment, Nina spoke to the duo about the rising inflation rate. She said: "Morning Sally, we said that we predicted inflation could go from 5.5 per cent in January to 5.9 per cent, possibly six per cent. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton "The reality is here and it's higher than we expected, it's at 6.2 per cent. "So that's the rate at which prices are increasing from February last year to February this year," she added. However, it was what was going on behind his colleague that interested Dan the most. A man in a high-vis vest could be seen checking his phone intently as Nina greeted her co-hosts. However, when he noticed he was on camera, he soon put his phone away before doing an elegant spin and marching out of the warehouse to escape the broadcast. Following the clip, BBC Breakfast fans took to the comments to weigh in on the humorous moment. Twitter user @IanP2302 wrote: "The spin on the heels is great." @gspatero simply penned: "Classic!" DON'T MISS... Jennifer Lopez, 52, flaunts ageless looks in curve enhancing outfits [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan says Putin is 'laughing his smug pudgy head off' at West [UPDATE]Halsey leaves little to the imagination in barely-there corset [ANALYSIS] "Busted", added @johnsmorton alongside two laughing emojis. While others took it more seriously. @opulenta replied: "It was hilarious, but joking aside, this is a big problem for employers." Strictly star Dan has made no secret of his love of the word game. In January, he cheekily branded his co-star Sally Nugent "a hindrance" after she helped him score high on a new word-based game. Speaking to Countdown star Susie Dent one morning on the show, the pair attempted to play the game and managed to guess the word after an impressive three tries. After a BBC colleague jokingly deducted points for "not doing it himself", Dan wrote back "Sally was looking over my shoulder. More of a hindrance than a help," alongside laughing emojis. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6.30am on BBC One.