Dominic Midgley, a biographer of Roman Abramovich, suggested that Vladimir Putin could have encouraged the Silovik, a group of ardent Kremlin politicians often recruited from the KGB and other military services, to authorise the poisoning. He believed the Russian President might have been attempting to delay the peace talks to afford more time for his military to invade Ukraine. Dominic Midgley told GB News today: “I’m inclined to believe this story because it comes from Bellingcat. “They were the ones that exposed the underpants poisoning of Alexei Navalny, Putin’s number one critic. “The idea is that Kremlin hard-liners are behind this. They want to sabotage the peace talks.” He later implied that the US was trying to downplay the idea of a poisoning to prevent delays in the negotiations. He added: “The Ukrainians and the Americans don’t want to sabotage the talks so they’re poo-pooing it as far as I can see. “The Americans are saying [the symptoms] are down to environmental factors but quite what they could be I’m not sure.” The symptoms were not believed to be life-threatening. The billionaire Abramovich has since returned to the negotiating table, pictured in Istanbul today. READ MORE: ​​Scholz issues chilling warning to Putin if he targets EU He was seen sitting on the side-lines of the room where delegates from both sides of the war were convening. Dmytro Kuleba, the Ukrainian foreign minister, has warned Ukrainian negotiators not to eat or drink anything during the meeting, despite his denial of poisoning from the Kremlin. Abramovich and two Ukrainian peace negotiators suffered several hours of blindness and peeling skin at the start of the month, it was revealed in a report yesterday. The trio were staying in Kyiv after a day of peace negotiations on March 3. DON'T MISS: Roman Abramovich lost sight for hours in poison attack [INSIGHT] Israel urged to join NATO as Turkey seeks EU membership [REVEAL] Abramovich spotted in Turkey after 'suspected poisoning' [PICTURES] Ukraine had enlisted the Premier League club owner’s help as an intermediary between them and the Kremlin after he was sanctioned by the British government. An unnamed US official claimed the symptoms displayed were down to environmental factors. But the investigative journalism organisation Bellingcat, who were asked to provide an expert forensic examination at the time, claimed that “the symptoms are most likely the result of intentional poisoning with an undefined chemical weapon”. Following his recovering, Abramovich flew to Moscow from Istanbul to meet Putin last week. He delivered a handwritten note to the Russian leader from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, which outlined his nation’s terms for ending the war.