PIP is a benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) which is designed to assist with the extra living costs of having a disability. It is made up of two parts - a daily living component and a mobility component - which have a lower and higher payment rate. If someone were to receive the highest possible rate of PIP, they would get £152.15 from the DWP every week. There are a variety of circumstance changes which must be reported to the DWP once they happen or about to take place. These include if a PIP claimant’s personal details change, including their name, address or doctor’s information. Furthermore, if someone’s health condition or disability worsens, or if the help they need changes, they must inform the DWP. Anyone who has been told by their doctor that they only have six months or less to live should also report to the Government department. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim On top of this, should recipients of PIP have to spend any extended time in hospital or care, they should note this would count as a change of circumstances. This is also the case if someone spends an extended period of time living abroad which the DWP must be told about. People who claim PIP who are imprisoned or held in detention will have to update their circumstances to the department as well. Those who are not British citizens will also need to inform the DWP if their immigration status changes.  Anyone who needs to report a change of circumstances can call the PIP enquiry line at 0800 121 4433. If they need someone to help them with the call due to their condition, a person can call on their behalf as long as they are with them at the time of making it. Sometimes the DWP makes overpayments to claimants of its benefits and claimants need to repay. Claimants may need to repay if they did not report changes immediately, gave wrong information or were accidentally given more money than they should have got. The DWP has been making a conscious effort to promote the disability benefits it has on offer, including PIP. Other benefits include Attendance Allowance, Child Disability Living Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, and Carer’s Allowance. Chloe Smith, the UK Government’s Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, shared why those with a disability should reach out to the DWP for support as soon as possible. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” Anyone wondering if they are eligible for any of the above disability benefits, including PIP, can use an independent benefits calculator. Services like entitledto and Turn2us offer benefit applicants an insight into what they may be entitled to.