Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Discussing philosophical, spiritual and religious matters with people you trust will give you greater insight into your own beliefs and feelings. A transformation is starting to take place within you and this makes you more confident and assertive. Taurus (Apr21/May21) There's a strong need for some time alone. If you get this you will feel relaxed and in control. If outside pressures give you little time to yourself, you will start feeling short tempered and frustrated. Just be careful not to take this out on those who are closest to you. Gemini (May22/June21) You're inclined to jump in where angels fear to treat but this could lead to disappointment. Take some time to think about what your next move should be. You're on your own if you decide to take a risk that a friend or loved one feels is going too far. Cancer (June22/July23) You're tired of the way some people seem to look down at you just because you are quiet and don't push your opinions onto others. Remaining in the background is working against you as it prevents you from taking up opportunities to make more use of your potential. READ MORE: Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours Leo (July24/Aug23) With you being in a hyperactive mood you're likely to feel frustrated with someone dragging their heels over a certain matter. You wish they would make up their mind more quickly. Even so, stop and think about why they are behaving this way before you voice complaint. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) How many people know the real you? When you stop and think about it you will probably answer: not many. Yet someone seems to think they know how you will respond in all situations and they are happy to take it upon themselves, without being asked, to make decisions for you. Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Should someone close dig in their heels about a matter that concerns you both, you will just go ahead with what you want to do without them. If you're struggling to learn a new skill, don't give up at the first hurdle. Be patient. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A workmate or neighbour who questions your every move is starting to annoy you. You're tired of them trying to make your business theirs. This could be their way of getting your attention. What you think is criticism could actually be admiration. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Perseverance pays off and gets results. Your hard work and determined effort will all go towards bringing the rewards you desire and deserve. You have all the right ideas to move a work project forward. Despite some heavy outgoings you are keeping on top of everyday bills. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Domestic activities and home related matters bring out the best in you. If you've been thinking about getting started on a home improvement project do so now while you are in the right mood. This is a great time to decorate a drab room or add modern appliances to your kitchen. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Property matters will go very well. If you're in the process of renting, buying or selling a home, curb your excitement. Stay calm and aim to handle such affairs in a confident and practical fashion. Single and looking for love? You could be trying too hard to find your dream lover.