Excitement was incredibly high in the run-up to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's fairytale wedding in 2018. But when it emerged that Meghan's father, Thomas Markle, would not be walking Meghan down the aisle, the bride's future father-in-law Prince Charles stepped in, resulting in an incredibly poignant moment.  Thomas Markle's absence was announced by Meghan shortly before the wedding in a statement from Kensington Palace, which read: “Sadly, my father will not be attending our wedding. "I have always cared for my father and hope he can be given the space he needs to focus on his health." On that stunning May day, Meghan emerged at St George's Chapel looking every inch the beautiful bride, and she defiantly broke with wedding tradition as she entered the church alone. But she was met halfway by the future King, and Prince Charles' pride was clear for all to see as they made their way to the altar.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim Nearly four years on, it seems Charles is just as proud of that special moment now as he was in 2018. An iconic picture of Charles walking Meghan down the aisle stands in pride of place at his London residence of Clarence House. The stunning snap was spotted when Charles' wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, welcomed three female rowers to the residence on Tuesday to mark International Women's Day. The three rowers had crossed the Atlantic in record time, in a plight that saw them row for 42 days, seven hours and 17 minutes.   Kat Cordiner, Abby Johnston and Charlotte Irving, all part of Team ExtraOARdinary, were pictured chatting to the Duchess about their fundraising efforts for several cancer charities. And in the background, the photo of Meghan and Charles as they walked down the aisle in 2018 was sitting on a table, as per HELLO! As Charles is the father of two sons, he was likely honoured at the chance to step into the father of the bride role to support Meghan. According to the royal biography Finding Freedom, authored by Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, Meghan thought of Charles as a "second father" and greatly admired him.  DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan should 'relax and enjoy' parenting [INSIGHT]Queen made 'rare exception’ for Meghan at start of Harry relationship [ANALYSIS]Royal Family LIVE: US TV hosts in hysterics as they mock Prince Harry [LIVE] The authors wrote: “Meghan had her own reasons for admiring her father-in-law, who had poignantly walked her down the aisle when her own father let her down.” And it seems Charles' willingness to walk Meghan down the aisle struck a chord with his son Harry, who spoke about the kind gesture in the documentary Prince, Son and Heir: Charles at 70. Harry said: “I asked him to and I think he knew it was coming and he immediately said, ‘Yes, of course, I’ll do whatever Meghan needs and I’m here to support you’. “For him, that’s a fantastic opportunity to step up and be that support, and you know he’s our father so of course, he’s going to be there for us.” Behind the photo of Charles and Meghan at Clarence House, a frame of a younger Prince Harry can also be seen on the same table. 