COVID-19 is a novel entity which presented as a challenge among many physicians due to its rapidly evolving nature. BA.2 is known as ‘stealth’ Omicron, because it has the ability to evade some tests. It is believed to be about 30 percent more transmissible than the original variant but is not more severe. The BA.2 coronavirus (COVID-19) variant, a subvariant of Omicron, can manifest different symptoms than the original strains, according to recent reports. Health officials said they are seeing two additional symptoms with BA.2 according to a report in the National Library of Health. The symptoms are in addition to previously reported symptoms of Omicron, such as coughing, sneezing and sore throat. READ MORE: Cancer warning: The ‘popular’ vitamin associated with a 91% higher risk of the disease In the study, dizziness as an underlying symptom of Covid was further analysed. “Vertigo or dizziness has recently been described as a clinical manifestation of COVID-19,” noted the study. It added: “Countless studies, emerging daily from various parts of the world, have revealed dizziness as one of the main clinical manifestations of COVID-19. “This is not surprising as dizziness has historically been associated with viral infections.”  A literature search was performed using articles published in PubMed on August 1, 2020, to identify dizziness as a clinical manifestation of COVID-19. 14 articles, which include three case reports and 11 studies were found with a total of 141 patients pooled for this review. “All patients included in this review had dizziness/vertigo as a presenting symptom. “Dizziness was the initial presentation of COVID-19 in 3/141 patients (2.13 percent), whereby in two of these patients, dizziness was later followed by respiratory symptoms.  “Most of the studies reporting on dizziness as a clinical manifestation hails from China, the epicentre which gave rise to the pandemic.” The study concluded: “Dizziness, albeit a nonspecific COVID-19 symptom, requires thorough investigation notably to determine its leading cause including, acute labyrinthitis, vestibular neuritis, acute otitis media, or secondary to stroke following COVID-19.” The Stealth Omicron was first identified in December last year and has been spreading quickly across the country according to the latest UK gene sequencing. It also identified more than 4,000 cases as of 28 January. Headache, sore/scratchy throat, sneezing, runny nose and body pain continue to remain the most prevalent among those infected. But according to the new report if experiencing dizziness or vertigo, careful monitoring is advised.