Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky has addressed Parliament today. He thanked Prime Minister Boris Johnson for his support and urged Britain to go further in helping Ukraine. According to the English language translation on Parliament TV, here is what Mr Zelensky told MPs and peers: "I would like to remind you the words that the United Kingdom have already heard, which are important again. We will not give up and we will not lose. “We will fight until the end, at sea, in the air. We will continue fighting for our land, whatever the cost. “We will fight in the forests, in the fields, on the shores, in the streets. “I’d like to add that we will fight on the banks of different rivers and we’re looking for your help, for the help of the civilised countries. “We’re thankful for this help and I’m very grateful to you Boris, please increase the pressure of sanctions against this country (Russia), please recognise this country as a terrorist state and please make sure our Ukrainian skies are safe." Ukrainian politicians have been determined in making sure the rest of the world hears the truth of what is going on in the country. Inna Sovsun, a Ukrainian MP, spoke to Express.co.uk about what is going on where she is, in the capital Kyiv. She told of Russian soldiers trying to destabilise the city with harrowing violence. She said: "The major threat in the city is the infiltrator groups. They have sent these soldiers into the cities to try and destabilise the situation. "They were setting targets for the missile strikes, the other thing they continue to do in the city is start random shooting. "There was a case when Russian soldiers just started shooting at a car – there were three kids in that car and one of the girls was killed instantly, and the other two are fighting for their lives. "The majority of these infiltrators have been caught by Kyiv police, but it still doesn't feel safe to go outside." More than two million people have now fled Ukraine because of the Russian invasion, according to the United Nations (UN). The UN High Commissioner for Refugees has called it the fastest-growing refugee crisis in Europe since World War 2. READ MORE: Ukraine war shakes West – we face Cold War 2, says SIR BERNARD INGHAM Ms Sovsun has sent her son to the west of Ukraine for safety, but many of her family have remained in the country to fight. She added: "My family is in different places right now, my nine-year-old son was taken to western Ukraine by my ex-husband, the father of my child. "My dad also took my mum to western Ukraine, and the next day he came back. "My boyfriend was in the army before, but he has now rejoined. I am in touch with my boyfriend but I do not know exactly where he is. I get messages just so I know he is alive. "My dad was in the area near Kyiv, where the biggest battles are. We lost connection with him and he was not responding to phone calls for three days. DON'T MISS Putin 'stopped socialising at 11 years old' Sir Volodymyr Zelensky! Knightood calls erupt for Ukraine's president NATO's pivotal mistake in stopping Russia 'We are already at war' "That made me and my mum go a bit crazy because we didn't know if he was alive. There are Russian tanks in that area. “Luckily we now know he is ok, but there is this crazy fear in my heart because I didn't know if my dad was alive. "There are so many people who can't know if their loved ones are alive. "My situation is like this – I am extremely angry about all of this. I haven't seen my son since the start of the invasion now, he called me several days ago and asked 'Mum, when shall I see you?' "That's when I started crying because I couldn't answer that question."