From today, March 1, 2022, new cars will be registered with a new number plate featuring the “22” registration tag. The new licence plates will also incorporate previous changes announced in 2021, which outlined the requirements needed for the plate to be road legal. They will be “BS AU 145e” standard plates which meet the new British Standard for Retroreflective Number Plates. The plates are made from a tougher material which makes them more resistant to abrasion and other damage. This change was made to make it easier for Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras to read the plate. The new number plates will also have to include the supplier’s business name and postcode, along with the name of the number plate manufacturer and the new standard. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers Number plates can now only display solid black lettering as two tone plates that used different shades to create a 3D or 4D effect have been banned. The lettering can still be Perspex or acrylic lettering, provided it meets all other requirements. Further number plates will be released in September with a new “72-plate” and will apply to any new vehicle registered until February 28, 2023. Drivers are being urged to be on high alert as they could get a bargain on a car. DON'T MISSNew car tax changes set to be announced in weeks [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [WARNING]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [ANALYSIS] Sometimes, car dealerships will get rid of old stock at discounted prices in February and August, with some of those vehicles remaining on the dealership forecourts for weeks. A spokesperson for Shawbrook Bank said: “Buying a used car can mean big savings compared to purchasing a new model, but it also comes with an element of risk. “That’s why, before jumping into it, it’s essential to carry out plenty of research, learn your rights as a buyer, and know what to look for. “Being prepared can not only save a substantial amount of money upfront, but it can also prevent facing costly surprises further down the line.” They warn drivers to consider their payment options, as well as where they are buying from. When purchasing from a car dealer, a used car should have been tested, serviced and valeted. Many dealers offer a warranty within a specified time frame, so it’s important to check the paperwork. Buyers are also protected by the Consumer Rights Act, which means a full refund is entitled if certain issues arise within 30 days. However, purchasing a vehicle from a private seller comes with extra risk as they aren’t covered by the Consumer Rights Act. Even if they are offered at a cheaper price, drivers won’t have the same legal comeback if they find out they’ve been sold a faulty vehicle. According to the Department for Transport, the average annual car mileage is 7,400 miles, so if a car has driven significantly more – or less – than this, it could be a red flag. Motorists can check the MOT history of a vehicle before purchasing using the Government website and searching the registration number. Shawbrook Bank also urged drivers to make sure they’re getting a good deal before making an offer, using a free online price guide to give them an idea of the going rate for the car they are considering.