Thousands of people in Scotland will see their PIP replaced by Adult Disability Payments from next month. The new system will not require people to endure face-to-face health assessments, something which some claimants will be hoping will be extended to the rest of the country. More than five million people under state pension age are claiming PIP and ESA because they have a disability or health condition that affects their everyday life and ability to complete tasks. It allows them to claim up to £608 a month to help them meet additional costs associated with their condition. Latest figures show that 273,899 Scots were claiming PIP at the last count but from next month some of them will start to receive Adult Disability Payments (ADP) instead. People who live in Scotland who already claim PIP through the DWP do not need to apply for this replacement benefit, as their awards will be moved automatically to the new system. READ MORE: State Pension and benefits to rise in April - how much will you get? However, new claimants in Dundee City, Perth and Kinross will need to apply for help through Social Security Scotland and not the DWP from March 21. A spokesperson for the Scottish Government said: “People with experience of applying for disability benefits have told us that assessments carried out on behalf of the Department for Work and Pensions can be stressful and anxiety inducing. “Where we cannot make a decision on the available information, people may be invited to a consultation, which can be held virtually or in person. “This will be a person-centred conversation with a health and social care practitioner employed by Social Security Scotland." DON'T MISS: Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [UPDATE]Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [INSIGHT]Take care when writing your will – five mistakes to avoid [WARNING] The continued: "Clients will be informed of everything that has been noted during the consultation and they will have a chance to review and respond to this.” The consultation will replace traditional style health assessments that many claimants found stressful, however, PIP claimants in England will still have to endure them. Thousands of people on PIP and ESA recently signed a petition calling on the Government to put an end to these assessments. The petition’s organiser John H Paternoster wrote on the Petitions Parliament website: “People with a lifelong illness should not be subject to regular reviews for eligibility for the Personal Independence Payments (PIP) or Employment and Support Allowance (ESA). He added: “People suffering lifelong conditions should not have to prove they are still ill every couple of years.” A cancer patient from Worthing recently spoke to Express.co.uk about how she was left feeling "broken both physically and mentally" after going through the PIP process. The 55-year-old woman called Allison said: “My experience with the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) versus the health assessors has been awful and ongoing for years, they have left me broken both physically and mentally.” Unfortunately, Allison’s story is not unique, with research from Macmillan Cancer Support highlighting that this is a huge problem affecting many others. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The charity’s figures show that almost 2.5 million people across the UK end up being around £900 a month worse off after being diagnosed with cancer. Express.co.uk reader @Anonymoose said: “Can't claim Personal Independence Payments despite only being able to travel a short distance and not being able to use public transport, because PIP Test don't recognise phobic illness and so gives them zero to four points. “System is broken for mental illness and completely wrong.” A DWP spokesperson said: “We continue to encourage anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online and use the free, independent benefits calculators available.”