Captured Russian troops have appeared on Ukrainian TV for an emotional press conference in which one soldier issued a public apology for Russia's actions and called for his fellow countrymen to lay down their arms amid the rising civilian death toll in Ukraine. Captured pilot Galkin Sergey Alekseevich told the press conference: "I apologise for myself, for my squad to every home to every street to every citizen of Ukraine, to the elderly, to women, to children for our invasion of these lands. "I gravely apologise for our treacherous invasion. "To the generalship of our military units I would like to say one thing - that they've acted cowardly, that they acted traitorously to us." "I would like to say to all regiments of the Russian army - lay down your arms," he added. "And Russian president Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin stop further combat actions. "Stop bombings, stop sending soldiers here to kill civilians, to perform airstrikes." Vladimir Putin's military has been blamed for widespread civilian casualties as missiles and bombs continue strike Ukrainian cities. Russia's advance appears to have become bogged down around a number of key cities amid tough Ukrainian resistance. It comes as the UK Foreign Office minister declared Russia's "plan of attack is not working" in Ukraine James Cleverly told BBC Breakfast: "It was meant to be some kind of lightning war where Russian troops swept across Ukraine. "But what we're seeing is the defence by the Ukrainian people has been ferocious. "This, of course, is incredibly frustrating to Vladimir Putin and we're now seeing an escalation, the targeting of civilians and civilian infrastructure - which of course is illegal in international humanitarian law and the law of armed conflict. "Sadly, this is, I think, a by-product of his anger, his frustration at the ineffective attack that he has put into Ukraine. "And obviously, we continue to support the Ukrainian people through humanitarian aid, economic aid and also that defensive military equipment that we've been providing." Mr Cleverly also praised the "huge degree of bravery" shown by a woman who interrupted a news bulletin in Russia to protest against the invasion of Ukraine. Reports suggested the woman was an editor on the news programme on the state-controlled Channel 1, and video footage appeared to show her holding a sign opposing the war.