Tottenham have reportedly changed their defensive target priorities for the summer transfer window after their repeated woes at the back this season, with a move for RB Leipzig star Josko Gvardiol now allegedly their main aim following careful consideration.  The north London outfit have conceded 32 league goals this season, the same amount as 18th-placed Burnley. This has severely hampered their chances of Champions League qualification, with the club now sat five points behind fourth-placed Manchester United albeit with two games in hand. Antonio Conte will be ruing the poor start managerial flop Nuno Espírito Santo had at the club, with the Portuguese having lost seven of his opening 12 Premier League games at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. But there may be a chance to rectify that next season according to the Daily Mail, who claim that Gvardiol is now at the top of their shortlist in a bid to end their leaky issues once and for all.  The report states that the Lilywhites are now targeting a summer move for Gvardiol after their excessive defensive woes throughout the season. Lille defender Sven Botman and Villarreal star Pau Torres were previously the top targets for director of football Fabio Paratici, although deals have yet to be pursued. Gvardiol, who reportedly turned down a move to Leeds in 2020, is a fine footballer, noted for his athleticism and technical abilities. Paratici knows he must deliver for the charismatic manager, who is shortly losing his tether after a problematic winter transfer window.  “What happened in January is not easy," Conte admitted last month. "Four players left in January. Four important players for Tottenham, two have arrived. So even numerically instead of reinforcing yourself you may have, on paper, weakened. “Then precise choices were made for many reasons. But I certainly never expected that in January four players who I still considered important would change their shirts for a thousand reasons. "This shows the difficulty. Tottenham in the last session of the summer transfer market and in January changed eight players. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  “It is inevitable that in January it is very difficult to get two players like Bentancur and Kulusevski to sign who, I repeat, are the ideal prospects for Tottenham. "Because Tottenham is looking for young players, players to be developed, not ready players. That is the issue." Daniel Levy will reportedly have to part with £50million for the 21-year-old Croatian. 