This comes amid a mounting cost of living crisis, caused by rising fuel prices and the suspension of the pensions triple lock. In response, Rishi Sunak announced last month that the government would introduce a £200 rebate to help people pay for their rapidly growing energy bills. He also announced a £150 council tax rebate. But Dennis Reed, from pensioners' campaign group Silver Voices, hit out at the offer, saying it will "mean nothing to people." The issue, he said, is that the money has to paid back later rather than being a one-off grant. He also said that £200 "doesn't scratch the surface of the bills that are likely to come through", citing further rises to energy bills which are set to hit in April and October. Mr Reed told Express.co.uk: "I regard the whole package as smoke and mirrors because the £200 is only a loan. "And people are saying 'we're already in debt, why would we want to actually mortgage the future by getting a £200 rebate now and having to pack it back later on?'. "So it means nothing to people if it has to be paid back. "And of course £200 doesn't scratch the surface of the bills that are likely to come through. "Because there's going to be a rise in April and now they're saying there will be rise in October as well. READ MORE: State pension: Rishi Sunak urged to increase sum to £19,760 per year "And the £200 doesn't come into effect until October so there will be two price rises. "The £200 will hardly be noticed. "And similarly with the council advance rebate - our poorer people don't pay council tax anyway, they already get a 100 percent rebate on the council tax. "So that means nothing at all to them anyway, the £150 back. DON'T MISS: Sturgeon forced to ditch SNP branding - same as Putin's Navy flag [REACTION] Britain set for bone-chilling frosty blast as TWO storms to hit [REPORT] Brexit Britain growing faster than France and Germany in major boost [ANALYSIS] "The council is not going to pay people who don't pay council tax £150 anyway so it just doesn't compute in terms of a sensible package. "So there's really nothing there for older people." As a result of the suspension of the triple lock, older people can only expect a 3.1 percent increase in their pension payments in April. Were the triple lock still in place, pensioners would have seen an increase of 8 percent. To make matters worse, Mr Sunak announced in February that the energy price cap will rise to £1,971 in April, which will mean an increase in £693 for the average household's fuel bills. Mr Reed said that the Government is in "denial" about the crisis facing pensioners He said: "The 3.1 percent rise is completely insufficient given the scale of the current crisis. "The estimates are probably likely to be correct - that the inflation rate will be about 7.5 percent or thereabouts in April, so a 3.1 percent is less than half of that and with people struggling already with the rising energy crisis. "People are just not going to be able to cope after the 1st of April when the cap is raised on the energy bill. "So it's quite a desperate situation at the moment. "I'm being told by some of our members that they've turned off their heating completely because they just can't afford it and they're just using the money that they've got for hot water. "And they're not using heating because they just cant' afford it. "In a civilised society for older people to be switching off their heating in the winter months shows the scale of the crisis. "At the moment, there appears to be a complete atmosphere of denial in the government, that older people need any special attention. "Every time they make a statement about prices rising, take the Chancellor's announcement - there was no mention of the particular predicament that older people face."