Marcus Rashford is understood to be considering his future at Manchester United and should he be willing to weigh up other opportunities come the end of the season, plenty of clubs would be expected to throw their hats into the ring. The 24-year-old attacker has grown tired of his lack of minutes under Ralf Rangnick in recent weeks, having started just two of the past 11 Premier League matches. With that in mind, Express Sport assesses four hypothetical teams that could enter the running for Rashford's signature... Paris Saint-Germain It would be a left-field move, no doubt, but PSG have been credited with genuine interest in Rashford. With Kylian Mbappe expected to join Real Madrid, the French giants will be in the market for his replacement sharpish. Rashford ticks a lot of boxes; he's young, he's an international player who has shown huge quality in glimpses and also has a global presence as one of the faces of United after bursting onto the scene in 2016. Furthermore, he is also versatile and can play both centrally and out wide. Whether Rashford would be willing to step outside of his comfort zone is another question altogether but he must step up to the plate and start to deliver, regardless... READ MORE: Gary Neville issues damning verdict on Marcus Rashford 'considering Man Utd future' Arsenal It's hard to see United ever selling to Arsenal - if at all - but the Gunners would surely consider a move for Rashford, should he become available. Having already offloaded Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January, Mikel Arteta is also on course to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah this summer. It means Arsenal will be light in attack and in need of some additional reinforcements. Rashford fits the club's new transfer policy, which has seen Arsenal focus their efforts on signing players between 18-24, yet to fulfil their potential. Arteta's exciting project would now represent an environment where Rashford could find his love for football once again. Newcastle Newcastle have money to spend - so why wouldn't they be interested in a deal for Rashford? This is the kind of market where they want to be shopping as they bid to close the gap on the rest of the Big Six. If the Magpies can offer Rashford a bumper salary, then there's every reason he would at least consider the move. He would also get the chance to become a hero at Newcastle and potentially a poster boy. Staying at United clearly represents the priority here but Newcastle would be expected to make a play if Rashford definitely wants out... West Ham David Moyes has made no secret of the fact he is striving to add a new striker to his ranks. Crucially, there is big money to spend too after West Ham saw three club-record bids rejected in January. One of those was a £48m offer to Benfica for Uruguayan striker Darwin Nunez. That would not represent a bad offer for Rashford, who United are likely to demand more for. Either way, he could be handed the chance to play through the middle in east London, a position he continues to dream of at United. As seen with Jesse Lingard last season, a pressure-free environment at West Ham can help get the best from a player.