The 94th Academy Awards will be held on Sunday, March 27 but UK viewers can watch the ceremony on Monday from 1am onwards. Good Morning Britain’s Richard Arnold will be covering the Oscars live on the red carpet and the showbiz correspondent has revealed which Hollywood star he feels is “long overdue” an Academy Award. This year film fans will be able to vote for their favourite movie for the first time for a new award. Discussing the addition, Richard said: “I like the fact that the fan favourite is in. “I spoke recently to Samuel L. Jackson, who's getting an Honorary Oscar this year. “His first, long overdue, in his 50 year career and he's a massive ambassador for that fan favourite.” Read more: 'I can't risk that' Martin Lewis on calls to host GMB permanently “That is crucial because sometimes the films that really get the bums on the seats are the Spider Mans if you like, the Bonds those sort of films that people pay to see in the cinema that give such pleasure and joy to people,” he continued. “So to be able to celebrate that, for the fans to get a chance to do that I think it’s brilliant. “I’m all up for that and all up for more of that as well.” Meanwhile, Richard teased film fans with the behind-the-scenes coverage GMB will have on offer. “I’ve never actually been out pre-Oscars and indulged and partaken in that pre-Oscars buzz so I'm quite giddy about this because it's been 25 years I’ve been doing breakfast telly so this will be a real treat,” he said. “I really am a bit skimpy about this one to see what that buzz is actually like and I know we've got quite a few treats lined-up just to give everyone at home an idea of what it's like to be out there. “So I'm going to be interviewing lovely Jude Hill, if you've seen the film Belfast which is nominated for seven awards, he’s the little lad who plays the the young Kenneth Branner and I think he's superb. “I can't wait for that because Belfast was my favourite nominated film of the season.” DON'T MISSGMB backlash as host states Jamaica 'don't want William or Kate here' [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis in impassioned plea to Sajid Javid over cost of living [INTERIVEW]Kate Garraway blasted for probing 'traumatised' Ukrainian footballer [VIDEO] “I’m going to be chatting to Wolfgang Puck who's the very famous chef so I’ll be tasting some of the delicacies on the menu,” Richard explained. “I’ll be doing a grand tour of the Academy Museum and visit the dedicated Oscars room or gallery for a history of the awards, which go back as far as 1929. “And I'm told there’s a stroll along Muscle Beach and the Hollywood Walk of Fame will also be in the mix.” The Power of the Dog leads this year’s Oscar nominations with 12 opportunities to pick up an award. Jane Campion’s intense Western stars Benedict Cumberbatch and Kirsten Dunst. Dune closely follows with 10 nominations while Belfast and West Side Story have seven each. Olivia Colman, Benedict and Andrew Garfield are among the UK nominees in the lead acting categories. Dame Judi Dench and Ciarán Hinds are nominated for their supporting roles in Sir Kenneth Branagh's Belfast. Watch Richard Arnold’s Oscars coverage from tomorrow at 6am on Good Morning Britain and ITV Hub. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.