Petrol prices have seen a sharp surge this week, with the Russian invasion of Ukraine adding to already impacted fuel costs. Earlier in the week, RAC data showed petrol prices hit an “all-time high” of 151.25p per litre, while diesel rose to 154.74p. This figure has since been surpassed in parts of the country. Robert Halfon MP, the vice-chair of the Fair Fuel APPG said: "Record fuel prices are just unaffordable and are having a huge impact on inflation. “The Government need to look at either reducing VAT on fuel or reducing fuel duty. “We also need a FairFuelUK PumpWatch monitor to ensure that prices are in line with wholesale oil prices." Some experts are calling for a “PumpWatch monitor” which would work to regulate petrol prices. Craig Mackinlay MP, chair of the Fair Fuel APPG explained: “A PumpWatch monitor similar to Ofwat or Ofgem could ensure that reductions in oil prices are properly passed on to motorists at the fuel pump. “It is unjustifiable that motorists continue to be over-charged for their fuel during a period of rapidly rising inflation across the board. “HM Treasury could also help by using the VAT windfall being derived from high current pump prices.” For now, however, motorists are left with the burden of paying the price on offer at the pump or sacrificing how often they can use their vehicles. However, according to Nick Drewe, a money-saving expert at WeThrift, there are some ways Britons can get on top of their spending, and potentially save money. READ MORE: Car insurance costs could rise due to March number plate changes Many supermarkets and garages offer points or loyalty schemes which, according to Mr Drewe, could help you save money in the long run. He explained: “Every time you buy fuel at a particular station, you simply have to swipe your loyalty card and points are then awarded. “BP, for example, offers a loyalty scheme where if you earn 200 points, you’ll be able to claim £1 off your fuel or shop purchases. “With a Tesco Clubcard, you’ll be able to earn one point for every £2 spent every time you fill up at the supermarket’s petrol station. “As the nation continues to grapple with the accelerated cost of living, these incentives can go a long way.” DON'T MISSClassic petrol and diesel cars may soon use synthetic fuels [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [COMMENT]Confusion over which vehicles are exempt from new car tax changes [REPORT] Though it may seem obvious, keeping an eye on how much you are putting into your tank goes a long way. Rather than mindlessly filling up, Mr Drewe advises only topping up what your car requires at the time. He said: “A top tip to deciding the correct amount of fuel you need is to keep a consumption notebook in your glove box or keep a record on your phone. “For every visit to the petrol station, note down how much fuel you put in your car to get from A-B. “In this ever-changing economy, be sure to record your fuel consumption in litres and not in pounds.” According to Mr Drewe, supermarket fuel is often priced slightly lower than branded fuel from garages. He explained: “Whilst supermarket fuel usually comes from the same refineries as the big brands like Shell or Esso, these brands will usually add a range of special additives to their own fuels in order to improve efficiency and performance - which is why they tend to cost more.” Mr Drewe recommends using a sat nav or mapping app, especially when driving in unknown areas. He said: “If you’re driving in an unfamiliar location, make sure you use a sat nav to avoid going in circles and wasting your running costs. “Sat navs are great devices for saving money because they will show you the quickest route to your destination. “They can also work in real-time and help you avoid getting stuck in traffic jobs, and some models will even select the most economical route to help you avoid fuel-stealing obstacles such as large hills and heavy stop-start traffic.” Keeping on top of your tyre pressure is essential for saving on fuel. This is because, if you have incorrect tyre pressure, you will likely use more fuel to keep your car running. Mr Drewe said: “To know what the recommended tyre pressure is for your vehicle, first check your vehicle handbook. “Sometimes the pressure could be printed either in the sill of the driver's door or on the inside of the fuel tank flap. “Your vehicle manufacturer may also suggest different tyre pressures for your front and rear tyres, so it is always worth doing your research.” The way in which you drive your car can also impact how quickly you go through a tank of petrol. According to Mr Drewe, the key is to accelerate smoothly and avoid hard breaks. He added: “Shifting gears from time to time can also help you to avoid throwing away your fuel. “If you’re driving a new model, check if your vehicle has a gear-shift indicator, as this will inform you of the most economical and efficient point to change your gear. “As well as this, there are apps such as Aviva Drive that lets you record your driving style and give you indications on how to improve it.”