The SNP has maintained Scotland needs to transition towards greener forms of energy, sparking concerns among North Sea oil and gas industry workers about the future of the sector. Energy Minister Greg Hands slammed the position, lamenting Aberdeen MP Stephen Fynn's failure to support hard-working Scots as he hit out at Nicola Sturgeon's party. Mr Hands suggested the SNP's position would leave Scotland, and subsequently the UK, heavily dependent on foreign oil. Addressing Mr Flynn in the Commons, he said: "They are not the Scottish National Party, they are against the interests of Scotland. "They are the Scottish dependency party, dependent on imported hydrocarbons from abroad, including from Russia. "And his motion, I read carefully calls to scrap the energy bill rebate scheme, to scrap it which would mean no reduction of £200 in energy bills in October, no council tax reduction in two weeks' time, and he presumably have to do a repayment of the £290 million Barnett consequential as well. "What public services would he cut in Scotland to fund this £290 repayment?" JUST IN: Putin invasion in tatters as Russian tanks decimated in Ukrainian strike – PICTURES Mr Hands continued: "There are 100,000 Scottish jobs at stake, many in his constituency. "In fact, his constituency may have more of these jobs than any other constituency in Britain. "Yet, there was not a single word of support for those hard-working people in the North Sea oil and gas sector. "The First Minister of Scotland said, 'production in the North Sea in the short term is not a practically deliverable solution'. Well, this is totally defeatist. READ MORE: Not a one-trick pony! Foreign Secretary Liz Truss proves she is Britain's secret weapon The Energy Minister added: "We will do further licensing rounds and we will do one this year. And we're seeing now the benefits of previous licensing rounds. "Only today, IOG announced the Elgood field coming online, the second new field this week. "This is great news for the UK as a whole and for the overall North Sea sector so crucial for Scotland's success, as well as the success of the whole of the United Kingdom." DON'T MISS UK to avoid Putin's EU energy wrath as huge new gas field found [INSIGHT] India hands Russia lifeline: Modi and Putin poised for huge deal [REPORT] Rolls-Royce leads new space station project on MOON [REVEAL] Boris Johnson last week announced the UK will be seeking to establish an alternative energy supply strategy to stop the UK from becoming increasingly dependent on foreign sources. The new policy comes in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which prompted the UK to halt imports of Russian oil. Mr Johnson said: "It is completely the right thing to do to move away from dependence on Russian hydrocarbons, but we have to do it step by step. "We have got to make sure we have substitute supply. One of the things we are looking at is the possibility of using more of our own hydrocarbons ... "We need to increase our self-reliance.”