Ukrainian MP Lesia Vasylenko appeared on Monday’s Good Morning Britain, where she explained why she was prepared to risk her life for her country. The MP told ITV hosts Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid why she fled the country with her three children, before returning to Ukraine to fight back against the Russian army. Madeley began the interview by asking Vasylenko whether she could shoot someone if she had to. “Can I ask you a very difficult, personal question?” Madeley asked.   “You are a cultured, civilised human being, you’re a democratically elected MP, you’re a mother of three as we said, and you now have an AK47 propped up in the corner and you’re said you’re prepared to use it.   “Can I just ask you about that last bit? Are you really capable as the person as I’ve just described, the person looking down a barrel of a rifle and shooting somebody dead?”    READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant?  “The AK47 sits in the other room,” the MP replied as she held up another gun to the screen. “I have another gun which I carry with me all the time, I sleep with it, I go to the bathroom with it. Do I have a choice? No, I do not have a choice.” She went on to add: “When I have reports every single day coming in from Russian soldiers roaming through our villages and the streets of all kinds of towns, breaking into people’s houses and just shooting at people because they are moving targets, then no, I do not have a choice.” “As I said I am pro-life,” the MP explained. “I want to live, I want my children to live and I want my nation to live.     “The best way I can guarantee that is if I also stay alive and safe. “This is why I have these guns, I don’t even think about the moment when I will have to use them. “The only mantra I’ve had is if danger comes, I’ll pull the trigger.” Madeley’s questions left GMB viewers fuming, and many took to social media to demand he be taken off air. DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [VIDEO]The Rookie: Fan-favourite exit ‘sealed’ as stabbing teases retirement [SPOILERS]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene  [INSIGHT] User @Angel raged: “Please get Madeley off. His so-called ‘interviewing’ of this Ukrainian MP is absolutely stupid and more importantly disrespectful. A***.” (sic) Stephanie wrote: “@GMB why is Richard Madeley smirking when talking about this awful war? He’s so cringey I can’t bear to watch.” Irina tweeted: “The interview with this hero was appalling: wondering why Richard, when given 2 minutes to interview a hero, chooses to repeatedly ask: how do you feel killing? "What did Richard teach this country with this question? His failure to ask any decent questions raises many questions.” (sic) “What an amazing brave person,” Jean praised before slamming the ITV host. “Fighting for her family-went right over the ridiculous Madeley’s head.” (sic) Carly fumed: “This was a very insulting and tasteless interview by Richard.   “The poor woman made to feel even worse by being asked stupid/insensitive questions!!”   While Meg added: "Stupid question NO, I’ll swap it for a water pistol god’s sake it’s either her or them.” (sic)   Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.    