 Philip, who passed away just a few months short of his 100th birthday last April, was notorious for having a love of fast cars throughout his life. The royal consort was also known to have been involved in a number of non-fatal crashes. At the age of 97, Philip miraculously escaped unscathed from a serious crash where he flipped his car onto its side close to the Royal Family’s Sandringham estate.   At the time, witnesses claimed that the Duke of Edinburgh was shocked and shaken after his Land Rover overturned while pulling out from a driveway. Philip’s friend and biographer Mr Brandreth told the BBC Today Programme that the Duke was known to “drive fast”. He also recalled an incident told to him by Philip’s cousin, Countess Mountbatten, who said her father, Lord Mountbatten, once spent a terrifying car journey with the royals. Mr Brandreth claimed: “I have been in a car with him and I have to say he drives really well, but he can drive fast. Read More: Meghan and Harry's comeback plan to RETURN as 'part-time royals'  “When he was younger he was a dynamo, he did everything fast. “He was a dynamo and he could be impatient. His cousin Countess Mountbatten told me that her father, Lord Mountbatten, was once driving with the Queen and Prince Philip through Cowdrey Park and Prince Philip was going too fast according to Lord Mountbatten. “The Queen was sort of yelping and drawing in her breath and flinching as he drove so fast. “And Prince Philip turned to her and said, ‘Look, if you do that once more I will put you out of the car’.  “And when the hair-raising journey came to an end Lord Mountbatten asked the Queen why she hadn’t protested, saying ‘You’re the Queen’. “But the Queen said, ‘Oh you heard what he said and he meant it.” The Queen’s marriage to Philip lasted over 73 years until the Duke of Edinburgh’s death. The couple spent their final months together at Windsor Castle with a select number of staff shielding from coronavirus. Don't Miss:How ‘dynamite’ Princess Anne runs the show behind the scenes[OPINION]Whoopi Goldberg quip about Kate Middleton appearance: 'She knows!'[INSIGHT]Princess Margaret would have ‘loved’ Meghan: 'Both from same mould'[ANALYSIS]  In his younger days, however, Philip was an energetic royal known for his love of driving fast in his diminutive M.G. In a letter to Betty Shew, who was putting together a royal wedding supplement before Philip and the Queen’s 1947 wedding, Her Majesty described Philip’s love of cars. The monarch wrote: “Philip enjoys driving and does it fast! “He has his own tiny M.G. which he is very proud of.  “He has taken me about in it, once up to London, which was great fun, only it was like sitting on the road and the wheels are almost as high as one's head.” The letter was sold at an auction in 2017 for £14,400. In the 1954 book ‘Duke of Edinburgh: A Portrait By His Valet’, John Dean claimed that shortly after the Queen and Philip were engaged, the future prince was involved in a nasty crash.  Philip allegedly skidded off the road and struck a tree before crashing through a fence, in Cirencester, Gloucestershire. Philip, who was 26 at the time, reportedly escaped unscathed other than a few bruises and a twisted knee. A passing driver picked him up after midnight, after spotting the Queen’s future husband standing next to the wreckage.