Arsenal hero Paul Merson admits he has been proven wrong by Martin Odegaard this season. Odegaard completed a permanent move to Arsenal last summer following his loan spell at the club last term. The Norwegian looked set to stay and fight for a spot at Real Madrid. However, he was given no assurances over his game time by Carlo Ancelotti and Arsenal pounced. Arsenal signed the 23-year-old for an initial £30million and the deal already looks to be a bargain. Odegaard is a mainstay of Mikel Arteta's side, starting the last 16 Premier League games. Odegaard registered one goal and two assists in his loan spell but already has eight goal involvements this season. Merson admits he did not see the Norway captain's talent at first but is pleased to have been proven wrong. READ MORE: Man Utd have new manager announcement timeline despite new option available  Arsenal are in search of a new permanent captain following the departure of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January. And Mersons says Odegaard has shown real leadership at times this season. He wrote in his Daily Star column: "Martin Odegaard has proved me wrong and is becoming the leader Arsenal need to pass their toughest test yet. He is the main man there now and the first name on the team sheet for me. "He has really improved and is doing the business. I think the players respect him because they can see he's a real player. DON'T MISSMbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt [GOSSIP]Achraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' [GOSSIP]Barcelona's revival: Xavi's potentially unstoppable XI if new transfer policy works [OPINION]  "I didn't see it at first, I have to admit. He isn't a leader in terms of running around and kicking people or barking out orders. "But in terms of the way he's playing he is. The way he's turned it around people are looking at him now and fair play, he has done very, very well. "He always wants the ball and knows how to use it. That's leadership too. "I take my hat off to him because he's top, top drawer. One of the best in the Premier League in my opinion."  Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta was recently gushing in his praise of Odegaard. Arteta said: "Martin for us is a really important player, that's for sure. "He's showing that every single week. He's phenomenal to work with. "He's developing areas of his game that we discussed, that he agreed, and that we believed could help him impact matches in a much more powerful way. His whole mindset, the way he prepares himself, the way he treats people, the way he plays the game, is just exactly what we want from an Arsenal player."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here