Harry Kane is used to having thousands of fans chanting his name when he scores in front of the Tottenham faithful. But it appears the striker has an unlikely new admirer in the shape of French star Antoine Griezmann. The Atletico Madrid forward, on a two-year loan from Barcelona, is currently away on international duty with France. And while taking part in training before their friendly against South Africa, the 31-year-old showed his appreciation for his fellow footballer. Kane has established himself as one of the world’s most clinical strikers since breaking into the Spurs first-team in 2014-15. The 28-year-old moved into third on the Premier League’s all-time goalscorer list with 178 goals after scoring against Brighton. He also gained global recognition for his goalscoring exploits after picking up the Golden Boot at the 2018 World Cup with five goals, with Griezmann’s France eventually going on to lift the trophy. And it seems the latter has taken inspiration from Kane’s sublime finishing skills after footage appeared on Les Bleus’ official YouTube channel. READ MORE: Kane sends Rooney warning as he closes in on England record In what appeared to be a finishing drill set out by Didier Deschamps, Griezmann sprinted into the box to meet a cross from the left flank from Jonathan Clauss. Although not renowned for his heading ability, the attacker impressively steered his effort beyond Hugo Lloris. That prompted a jubilant celebration from the player as he wheeled off towards the corner of the pitch. Griezmann can be heard shouting: “Harry Kane!”, almost with a Liverpudlian twang on his accent. The tribute to Kane has left fans on social media feeling stumped about his bizarre choice for a hero, given Griezmann — a 104-cap veteran for the national team — is also three years Kane’s senior. Some might suggest Thierry Henry or Michel Platini would be more worthy of his praise. DON'T MISSMan Utd have options to include in Kane swap with Mendes 'preparing'Redknapp makes Man City transfer claim over Kane's formWhy Man Utd never signed Griezmann despite strong interest Or perhaps Griezmann, like any other football fan, simply watched back in awe as Kane put the opposition defenders to the sword. Given that he has only scored eight goals compared to the Spurs talisman’s 15 in all competitions, it is no surprise that Griezmann is trying to imitate his icon. It is not the first time Kane and Griezmann have been mentioned in the same breath, after starring together in a 2016 advert for headphones manufacturer Beats. The pair featured alongside Mario Gotze and Cesc Fabregas, giving them plenty of time to strike up an unlikely friendship. In addition, Griezmann has shown his appreciation and fondness for the Premier League by selecting Arsenal to manage on the football simulation game Football Manager. One can only ponder if he signed Kane on his latest save, considering his obvious adoration for the striker.