The CW’s hit teen drama Riverdale made its highly anticipated comeback after being on hiatus since December to continue season six. While the instalment began in an alternate universe, the friends have finally returned to normalcy, however, an interesting clue from the show’s producer revealed Hiram Lodge (Mark Consuelos) could return from the dead.  Riverdale’s fifth season ended on a shocking note when it was revealed Hiram had planted a bomb under Archie’s (KJ Apa) bed where he was laying with Betty (Lili Reinhart). Archie was Hiram's archnemesis and it was the final piece of vengeance Hiram wanted while he was on his way out of town for good. He was forced to leave after being exiled by his own daughter after she discovered evidence which proved he was guilty of murder. Instead of continuing at the blast, season six premiered with the resident in Rivervale, a completely alternate universe. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps While a number of sinister things happened, including a visit from the devil to collect souls, the recent return of the series revealed Jughead (Cole Sprouse) was able to close the universe and return everyone to normalcy. The comeback episode also revealed Archie and Betty had survived the blast leaving them unharmed while also arming them with new superpowers. The explosion appeared to have granted Archie the ability to become super strong and immune to pain. While Betty gained the ability to see a red glow around people right before they were about to commit a crime.  Elsewhere, Veronica Lodge (Camila Mendes) put a hit out on her father, but then she soon had a change of heart. However, by then it was too late. While Hiram was gunned down, fans of Riverdale are aware not all of the dead characters remain dead. In fact, the show’s executive producer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa hinted this could also be the case for Hiram.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]RIverdale 6B: Faces backlash after ‘underwhelming’ premiere [REACTION]Riverdale’s Veronica star speaks out on ending [INSIGHT] In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, the showrunner disclosed: “He’s as dead as anyone on Riverdale has ever been. “Even when characters are dead, they come back sometimes in flashbacks or dreams. “I’ll say this: Mark Consuelos isn’t dead on Riverdale, though Hiram pretty much is,” Roberto concluded. In a separate conversation with TVLine, the executive producer confirmed viewers would see more from Hiram: “Just because he’s dead doesn’t mean their story is over.   “Not by a long shot, but it does veer off in very interesting ways… I believe he’s about as dead as they get in Riverdale.” With the current events in Riverdale, it’s likely Hiram will stay dead for a while before his past is explored, in what could be a series of flashbacks. As he serves as the biggest villain on Riverdale, and his major role in Archie and Veronica’s lives it seems unlikely Hiram could have been taken out so easily. Roberto even added: “This isn’t the last we’ve seen of Hiram Lodge.” Riverdale is available on The CW in America and is available on Netflix in the UK. 