The 40-year-old actress returned to Starstruck's judging panel on Saturday evening alongside Beverley Knight, Jason Manford and Adam Lambert. Sheridan opted for a sleek updo and donned a bright pink lowcut fitted dress to critique the instalment's contestants. However, many viewers feared she might "fall out" of her revealing outfit as they watched the show from home. Starstruck fans found themselves distracted from the competition by Sheridan's risqué dress, with many taking to Twitter to comment on it.Deano remarked: "Sheridan Smith's gonna fall out of that top soon #Starstruck."Georgia Bowring added: "Sheridan, put some bl***y clothes on!""Sheridan’s gonna fall out #Starstruck," Al commented about the judge's outfit. READ MORE: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp and Jayne Middlemiss now? Sparks quipped: "Goosebumps is one word for them, Sheridan. Now, put them away please #Starstruck." However, many viewers complimented Sheridan's attire, with Hannah McGaham saying: "Sheridan Smith’s ponytail is like Ariana Grande’s #iconic #Starstruck." "@Sheridansmith1 you looked absolutely stunning on tonight’s #Starstruck," Fiona added. During Saturday's instalment of the show, four trios of contestants transformed into the likes of music megastars Elton John, Billie Eilish, John Legend and Kylie Minogue.   Amy, Claudia and Frankie, who looked identical to 20-year-old singer-songwriter Billie, each belted out her hit single No Time To Die which left the judges speechless. Their stunning performance to the James Bond theme tune landed the trio a place in the episode final, but only one could make it through to the grand finale. After taking to the stage to sing again as Billie, they grouped together as they anxiously waited for Starstruck host Olly Murs to announce the winner. After two impressive performances the American pop star, Olly crowned Frankie as the episode's winner. DON'T MISS...Starstruck’s Olly Murs details why ITV series is hard to work on [EXCLUSIVE]Olly Murs laments impact of emergency knee surgery on his relationship [INSIGHT]Beverley Knight health: Starstruck judge's 'draining' ordeal [LATEST]    Frankie will return to the show as Billie in the finale alongside the other winning acts from the series. Following her victory, Frankie's dad, who was in the audience, said: "I am so proud of everything she does, but she has smashed it." An emotional Frankie told viewers: "You always have this self-doubt but this has put it so far away. "I don't know if I can say this but I feel like I have finally got balls."  Starstruck landed on ITV last month and contestants have been transformed into music legends including Freddie Mercury, Cher, and Lady Gaga. Six acts will be battling out in the grand finale in a bid to be crowned the winner of the ITV series. The winner of Starstruck will receive a staggering cash prize of £50,000. Starstruck continues Saturday at 8.30pm on ITV and episodes can also be watched on ITV Hub. 