The Dog Trust reported a 180 percent increase in its ‘Giving up your dog’ page from February to July 2021, meaning many owners were considering getting rid of their dog because they could no longer care for it. There are various laws regulating the ownership, buying, and selling of dogs that all dog owners should be aware of. What are they? Hannah Costley, a solicitor from law firm Slater Heelis has shared which rules potential and existing dog owners must be informed about. When buying a dog, Hannah stressed that it is important to know where it has come from and that it has been bred in an environment where the welfare of the puppy and the mother is protected. According to Lucy’s Law, from 2020, all breeders must follow specific regulations. This law requires all breeders to be licensed with their local authority, puppies to be bred by the breeder and not imported from somewhere else, and puppies to be sold at the place they were born. READ MORE: Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms The puppies must also be at least eight weeks old before being sold and the breeder must show buyers the puppy and its mother interacting before being sold. When buying a puppy, if the place where it lives doesn’t meet all of the above criteria, it is best to avoid them. This law was brought in to help stop inhumane puppy farms where profits are put before the health and safety of the animals involved. Another thing to consider is, if a couple owns a dog together, who takes custody of the dog when they break up. DON'T MISS: How to upcycle your garden furniture: The six easy transformations [INSIGHT]‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPLAINER] Just like any other possession, a couple must come to an agreement over who gets custody of the animal. This decision will be based on the circumstances surrounding the ownership of the pet, such as who paid for it, who looks after it the most, and whether it was a gift. There are also laws surrounding dangerous dogs. The Dangerous Dogs Act 1991 is the legislation that governs dangerous dogs in the UK, which includes situations in which any dog either attacks a person or a person has reason to believe that a dog is likely to attack them. However, it is not an offence for one dog to attack another unless it is a guide dog, in which case it could carry a three-year prison sentence for the owner, or if the owner of the dog that was attacked didn’t intervene, there may still have been an offence committed. But, there are circumstances where a farmer is allowed to kill a dog if it is worrying their livestock. Failure to have a dog under proper control, which could lead to it causing injury to a person, could result in a five-year prison sentence. If the injured person dies the sentence could be as high as 14 years. Hannah also outlined the rules for when dogs cause nuisance or make a considerable amount of noise. Dogs causing a nuisance by barking is treated in the same way as any noise complaint by the local council. In the event of a complaint, the local council will investigate and will issue a warning letter, notifying the owner of the complaint. If the noise continues, the council could issue a Noise Abatement Notice or Community Protection Notice, for which there is a 21-day period to appeal against. Breaking a Community Protection Notice can result in a fine of up to £2,500.