With energy bills expected to rise once again from April 1, being more energy efficient and saving money on energy bills is at the forefront of homeowners’ minds. It’s also important for homeowners to be aware of how much energy they’re using each year and which appliances are the worst culprits for this. A smart meter data analyst at Loop has shared the eight problem appliances causing issues. They have shared that eight household appliances could be adding hundreds to Britons’ energy bills. This comes ahead of a rising cost of living crisis, with hikes on everything from energy to National Insurance. Steve Buckley, Head of Data Science at Loop, explained that the vast majority of homeowners are worried about rising energy bills. He said: “Many people I speak to are really worried about their energy bills right now, and sadly the situation is not set to improve for some time yet. READ MORE: Common household appliances can add hundreds to energy bill “The reality is that the only way we can lower our energy bills right now is to reduce the amount of energy we use and the key to that is measuring our use. “If you measure it, you can control it. “If you measure it, you can see the impact of changes you make.” Steve stressed the importance of identifying where the most energy is being used in order to "control" the costs and make “big savings”. DON'T MISS: Heating: Britons are warned against using popular DIY radiator hack [TIPS]Heating: Why households should switch their heating off this weekend [INSIGHT]Property: ‘Fantastic’ trick to make your home ‘more desirable’ [EXPERT] He continued: “Understanding whether your phantom load is low, medium or high is the first step towards reducing it and can lead to big savings. “Our free app connects to your smart meter so you can benchmark against other households and track your usage and use the data to your advantage. “You can easily identify the culprits draining your energy and adding pounds to your bills.” Energy-sucking devices, like electric towel rails or underfloor heating, could add a whopping £429 a year (or £8.25 per week) on energy bills from next week. This will increase to £512 a year when the price rises again in October. The eight appliances guilty of sucking power from the mains are traditional electric heating, electric underfloor heating, a set-top box, electric towel rails, outdoor lighting, second fridges, desktops and outdoor security lights. The most energy-consuming appliance is traditional electric heating, which costs a household £739 a year. Coming in second, electric underfloor heating can cost £309 a year. Meanwhile both a set-top box and an electric towel rail costs £149 a year. Outdoor lighting closely follows behind, costing £125 a year. For those who own a second fridge, they are expected to pay an extra £99 on their energy bills each year. Lastly desktops can cost £79 year, while outdoor security lights can increase a yearly bill by £50.