Gary Neville has given a brutal verdict on Manchester United's Champions League exit. United crashed out of the competition on Tuesday with a 1-0 home defeat to Atletico Madrid in the second leg of the last-16 tie. Renan Lodi scored the only goal of the game for the Spanish side in the first half. United managed just one shot on target after half-time as their trophy hopes this season ended with a whimper. And Neville has now given his reaction to the defeat on Twitter. The former right-back admits he is not surprised at all by the defeat. United beat Tottenham 3-2 in the Premier League on Saturday thanks mainly to a hat-trick from Cristiano Ronaldo. But Neville says that result only proved Spurs were not a "good team". READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed  He tweeted on Wednesday morning: "No surprise last night. Any decent team, with organisation and fight are likely to beat this United team. It’s why I couldn’t get excited after Spurs last Saturday because that Spurs performance would will [sic] get you beat v a good team. A long road in to the end of May!" Neville is not the only former United great to have given a damning verdict on Tuesday's loss. Paul Scholes and Rio Ferdinand were in the BT Sport studio post-match to analyse the performance. United are in a fight to finish in the Premier League top four, currently one point behind Arsenal but the Gunners have three matches in hand. Ferdinand says the Atletico loss all but ends United's hopes of any success this season. DON'T MISSChelsea owner Roman Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign [REPORT]Chelsea officials should have clear priority once takeover is completed [OPINION]Arsenal boss Arteta demands 'three new players' in crunch talks with Kroenke [GOSSIP]  He said: "That’s season over. What is there really to achieve? Floundering behind Arsenal if they win their games in hand. "Tonight was a reflection of what the season has been like. There were moments in the game where United looked good, but far too often, it’s a Jekyll and Hyde performance." Meanwhile, Scholes again hit out at his former club for the appointment of Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis. He says the German does not suit the squad United have and shouldn't have been appointed in the first place.  "This isn’t a terrible group of players," Scholes said. "I think if you give this group of players a structure and way of playing, there’s some real talent in the squad. "They’re not as talented as the teams above them (in the Premier League), we know that. But, the very first thing this club needs to do, to get anywhere near winning the league again, is get a proper coach. "Get a coach that suits the players, give them two or three years to build a squad of players that will challenge."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here