Many social media users claimed Dominic Cummings “should’ve gone to Specsavers” after his ill-fated trip to Barnard Castle, where he claimed to be “checking his eyesight”. The brand also quickly reacted to footballer Luis Suarez apparently biting Italy’s Giorgio Chiellini in a World Cup match, with a Twitter ad pointing out the difference between Chiellini and cannelloni - which was retweeted tens of thousands of times within days. And the phrase was used again after the South Korea flag was incorrectly displayed instead of the North Korean one during a women’s football match at the 2012 Olympic Games. A spokesman for Specsavers said: “What started as a quip in a marketing meeting has grown into a cultural phenomenon throughout the country. “And I don’t think anyone would have thought 20 years on, it’d have been the cornerstone of the brand’s identity. “However, it’s been amazing to see the journey and how it’s been developed over the years and used by so many in some very memorable moments.” Social media reactions by Specsavers have also become an amusing online staple - with the “your next visit’s on us” quip to popstar Anne Marie, following her fall at the Brits, quickly proving popular with both Twitter users and the songstress herself. Research of 2,000 adults revealed the brand’s slogan ranks as one of the most iconic, alongside Tesco’s “every little helps” and Ronseal’s “it does exactly what it says on the tin”. Other iconic slogans to make the top 10 included L'Oreal's “Because I’m worth it”, Marmite's “You either love it or hate it”, and “Good things come to those who wait”, from Guinness. It also emerged nearly half admit they recite more than three advert slogans in everyday conversation on at least a weekly basis - with one in six doing so daily. A third have even gone as far as annoying loved ones through their overuse of slogans from adverts - with the same amount having been picked up on their use of such phrases. But nearly a third reckon they’re more likely to buy a product or use a service if they enjoy their slogan. Feelings of nostalgia were also evoked by thinking about adverts respondents used to see when they were younger, according to 56 percent. And seven in ten have confused their children or younger people with reference to old TV slogans. The study, carried out via OnePoll, also found 68 percent think a sign of a good advert is if the slogan is quotable. Respondents also had their say on what makes a good advert - with the key aspects including it being relatable, funny and using a memorable or catchy song. And there was also appreciation of how difficult it can be to create a great slogan - with six in ten believing it’s harder to get one right than it is to get it wrong. The spokesman from Specsavers, which has just released its latest TV advert, added: “The research has shown there’s a real level of affection for brand slogans and how they end up getting used in everyday life. “It’s also been heart-warming to see the “should’ve gone to Specsavers” slogan be used so widely by people on a day-to-day basis.” SPECSAVERS RECENT TOP TWEETS: SPECSAVERS TV ADVERT HIGHLIGHTS: TOP 20 MOST FREQUENTLY USED SLOGANS IN EVERYDAY CONVERSATION: