Roman Kemp, son of Spandau Ballet star Martin Kemp and singer Shirlie Holliman, has been candidly opening up about his mental health. The star admitted when he first started suffering from this, he felt his dad was “frustrated” with him. Speaking last week, the radio presenter opened up about his time as a teenager. He said: “When I was around 15, I had a lot of characteristics that people can brush aside as puberty. “But at that time my mum was very much up on it. “And she was someone who was very much like, ‘I want you to tell me how you feel when you say that you don't want to talk to someone.’  READ MORE: Rachel Riley supports husband Pasha as he breaks silence on Ukraine   “I used to come downstairs in the morning and I remember my dad used to get so frustrated because he’d be like, ‘Why are you not chirpy? “‘Why are you saying how are you? Why are you not asking me what my day is?’ “And the honest answer is I didn't want to interact, I didn't want a chat at all. “I didn't want to talk to anyone and I felt like I was waking up with this grey cloud over my head.”  Roman went on to say that his mum intervened as soon as she noticed this. He added: “Instantly my mum was like, ‘No, no, no, I want to take you to the doctor.’ “That’s because, in my mum's family, depression was there as one of her brothers suffered from depression and so did her dad. “So she was quite up on it and quite worried. “And so you know, we did some tests and the doctor ended up kind of diagnosing me with depression and that's when I started my medication and therapy.” DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSIGHT]Gethin Jones posts update from hospital after ankle surgery [VIDEO] Roman shared the insight as part of an event to launch new on-demand mental health services from Boots. The Capital radio presenter candidly shared his own experiences with mental health to discuss its impact on him. Elsewhere, he shared how he found himself in a “bad way” when success came to him early. Roman added: “I think I was getting ready to go to I’m A Celeb and do shows like that. “I’d done Gogglebox, I’ve done the radio show, I’ve got this life that’s all fun. “One day it just hit me like that and I just remember it’s like a professional doctor inside your head, beating up your brain. “I just remember being sat in my pants on the floor in my bedroom and just crying. I was in a really bad way.”  The new services from Boots are hoping to make mental health support more accessible amid a backlog of NHS patients. One aspect is a GP consultation service called the Boots Online Doctor Depression & Anxiety Treatment. This costs £65 and allows consultation with a professional before a tailored treatment plan and, if appropriate, a prescribed medicine. As well as this, Boots.com has launched additional mental health advice and support as well including support rooms and cognitive behavioural therapy via video call. 