The Chancellor delivered his statement yesterday, with far-reaching changes to National Insurance and a cut in fuel duty. But pensioners have expressed their frustration with a statement they argue fails to protect them amid a cost of living crisis. This sentiment was shared by experts, many of whom were frustrated with the latest announcements. Henry Tapper, Executive Chair of AgeWage and Pension Playpen All Star, spoke to Express.co.uk about the Spring Statement. He said: “This statement is shocking news for pensioners. “I am really saddened by the omissions in this budget which provides a little help for those earnings between £12,750 and £35,000, but no help at all for those living on benefits - especially pensioners in poverty who will suffer most from energy price increases. READ MORE: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 support after Sunak’s statement “Pensioners will have their worst year for living standards since records began in 1956 with household disposable income falling faster than at any time in the last 70 years. “They will not get any benefit from the National Insurance threshold as they don't pay National Insurance.” Mr Tapper highlighted the 3.1 percent increase due on state pensions next month. However, inflation has soared to 6.2 percent as of this month, and according to predictions this will rise to at least 7.4 percent this year. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak slashes income tax 'for workers, pensioners & savers' [INSIGHT]220,000 WASPI women die before answer on compensation [ANALYSIS]State pension under ‘increased pressure’ - rise to 70 possible [LATEST] Put simply, state pensions are failing to keep pace with inflation, which is likely to cause a financial squeeze for many. Mr Tapper added: “This is the Government kicking the walking sticks away from our elderly poor.” Mr Sunak has reaffirmed his support for Britons when appearing on morning television. He told Sky News: “We’re on the side of people, but we accept we cannot solve every problem.” Yesterday, the Chancellor reassured the House: “This is a Government which is always on the side of our pensioners.” Other experts also expressed their disappointment regarding the Chancellor’s statement. “They will not get any benefit from the National Insurance threshold as they don't pay National Insurance.” Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, said: “Pensioners received little in the way of good news from the Chancellor in his mini Budget. “There was nothing new in the way of temporary support specifically for this group, and no improvement on the 3.1 percent increase in the state pension from next month, which is just half the current rate of inflation. “One possible help could have been to offer a bigger increase to the state pension this April in return for a lower rise next April. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “For example, the Chancellor could have raised this year’s increase by 2.5 percent to 5.6 percent to bring it closer to the current rate of inflation, then granting 2.5 percent less than whatever the triple lock rise would have been next April.” A DWP spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk the Government “recognises” the pressures of the cost of living. As a result, the Department has rolled out a support package to help. The spokesperson added: “We’re providing support worth £21 billion this financial year and next to help. This includes supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills through our Winter Fuel Payments, freezing fuel duties to keep costs down and helping households through our £9.1 billion Energy Bills Rebate.” Express.co.uk has also contacted HM Treasury for comment.