The Cold Weather Payment is accessible to those who claim certain qualifying benefits if their local area experiences sub-zero temperatures over a seven-day period. Among these qualifying benefits include Pension Credit and Universal Credit, with recipients receiving £25 for every eligible period. However, this vital benefit payment is only available to households between October and March, which means it will close in just a few weeks. While benefit claimants across the UK are lucky to receive one Cold Weather Payment, one area saw families eligible for a triple payment totalling £75. This amount of support could come in extremely useful for households as energy bills are expected to rise by £693 later this year, according to Ofgem. To beat this bill hike, low income families are being encouraged to research and see whether they can claim targeted support which is made available through the UK Government. Between November 1, 2020 to January 7, 2022, the DWP has made Cold Weather payments to over 3,994,000 eligible individuals. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim For this particular winter season in 2021/22, the following places in the UK have been able to claim Cold Weather Payments: DON'T MISS Due to one of these places experiencing extremely cold weather over three seven-day periods, some residents have been able to claim a triple Cold Weather Payment. Those who live in Braemar who qualify for the Cold Weather Payment have been able to receive this financial boost. In light of the pending energy bill rise, which is due to take place in April, various organisations are calling on the Government to provide more assistance to those most in need. One of these organisations is Age UK, which is lobbying for a change in the eligibility criteria for the Cold Weather Payment to give people more money and expand who can qualify for it. Recently, the Government announced an Energy Bill Rebate which will see households get an upfront discount to tackle their soaring bills. However, various groups including Age UK do not believe this is enough to tackle the wider energy crisis. Explaining the plight of many pensioners across the country, Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK, said: “With average energy bills now set to rise by a whopping £693 per year - and almost certain to increase further in a few months' time - the support the Chancellor has announced simply does not go far enough. “It will still leave many of these pensioners facing energy costs surging by an extra several hundred pounds that they cannot afford to pay. “What does the Government expect them to do? Forgo their heating, ration their food or go into debt? “These are the only choices that millions of the less fortunate will face, if they have no savings to draw on or family to help them out.” A Government spokesperson said: “We are committed to supporting vulnerable households with heating their homes, which is why we have announced a £9.1billion support package to help families dealing with rising energy costs. “Our winter fuel payments are supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits available, to make a claim.”