The French President brought a map to NATO on Thursday to show just how much his troops were doing to support the security of his allies and explain how France could be counted on to show solidarity. Riding high in polls just three weeks before a presidential election, the French candidate-president, has been able to put aside the nitty-gritty of political campaigning to focus almost solely on the war in Ukraine and its impact on the global economy. But will his absence in French debates and barely showing himself on the campaign trail cost him votes next month? According to Eurointelligence director, Wolfgang Munchau, the French leader could pay the price of concentrating on the EU more than domestic politics. He wrote: "Those rare moments when Macron met the public, like a TV show where people asked him questions, revealed that they still cannot connect to their president. "In response, rather than bridging the divide, he has appeared to set himself even more apart, as a leader with huge responsibilities on his shoulders and decisions to make, but who lost touch with the small things in life. Is this the tragedy of Macron that could cost him dearly in terms of votes? "Marine Le Pen, meanwhile, makes improvised appearances amongst people on a parking lot, offers an open hand, motherly yet with some stealth and confidence. "She presented her budget, even if the figures won’t hold up against closer scrutiny.  "It is enough for her to claim credibility, and to present herself to the voters of Eric Zemmour as their choice for the second round. Soft factors are hard to measure. "In our times, where hard facts lost their value for voters, they may come to matter more. Macron’s team promised that he will be on the campaign trail meeting people as from next week. "And that he will not shy away from confrontations with other contenders, as he did so far. Can he reverse or hold the fall in his approval ratings?" Macron, who has spared no effort to mediate between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Ukrainian counterpart, entered the presidential election race just a month before the first round on April 10 and has kept the number of campaign events to a minimum. He has faced a little criticism in recent days with some voters saying he was focusing too much on Ukraine and not enough on France. READ MORE: Putin final lifeline ruined: £100bn 'fortress Russia' about to CRUMBLE  But on Thursday with the global attention on an unprecedented summit of transatlantic alliance NATO, G7 rich nations and European leaders to address the continent's biggest military crisis since the 1990s Balkans wars, Macron was keen to underscore his commander-in-chief status and said France would adapt to the new strategic stakes. It is rare for leaders to bring props to demonstrate what they are doing, but like a professor giving a lecture, Macron turned to a map in a digital slideshow, gesturing with his hand. "From the north to the south of the eastern NATO flank, the map that's here enables you to see all our current commitments," he said, breaking down France's military activity from drills in Norway to its new presence in Romania, and aerial policing missions in Estonia to the aircraft carrier launching monitoring missions from the eastern Mediterranean. Macron wanted to send a message. He would not be rash. Asked by reporters about fears of future Russian chemical weapons use in Ukraine, he remained prudent. DON'T MISS:Europe threatened by further crisis over Russian diesel [INSIGHT]Putin warned he could be 'assassinated by his own daughter' [ANALYSIS]UK troops graves daubed with Russian Z symbol [VIDEO] He would not set red lines that could not be backed up with action as had been the case when he ordered air strikes on Syrian targets in 2018 after a suspected chemical attack. France's word depended on it, he said. On delivering weapons to Ukraine, his responsibility, he said was not to deliver tanks and warplanes that would lead to war with Russia, but to continue NATO's existing military support that did not aim to "wage war," but bring a ceasefire and a negotiation. He leaned over resting his hand on Turkey's President Tayyip Erdogan's shoulder as the two chatted jovially - something unthinkable just a year ago when the two leaders were trading barbs almost on a daily basis. When asked by a Romanian reporter about France's presence in his country, Macron smiled, asking for the map to be brought out again.