Giles McNeill, 40, was jailed for 14 months in November last year after admitting theft, fraud and forgery offences. A court heard he had paid dozens of fraudulent cheques into his own bank account and kept members' payments from 22 party fundraising events over a six-year period. McNeill, who was the Conservative leader of West Lindsey District Council at the time, appeared back in court yesterday for a proceeds of crime hearing, which orders a criminal to pay back money gained through illegal activity. But Lincoln Crown Court heard McNeill only has £214 available to return. Quiana Fitzpatrick, of the Crown Prosecution Service, said: "We ask that the court makes the confiscation order. It has been agreed that the benefit figure stands at £32,468.16 and that the available amount is £214.53." The council is "very disappointed with the amount," reports Lincolnshire Live. Speaking after the hearing, Councillor Tracey Coulson said: "We were told by the police that the proceeds of crime was a separate matter and that they were working on identifying how much [Giles McNeill] had available to pay, but they did tell us that it wasn't looking like very much. "We weren't actually told that he would be in court today and we're obviously very disappointed with that amount, and I'm going to be straight on the phone asking what happens next and whether that amount of money is going to be it. The money we lost absolutely devastated us and at one point we weren't able to pay a member of staff. "We had planned a year of fundraising events to try and recover but covid obviously got in the way of that too so we have been on recovery mode ever since we lost the money. I am pleased to say that we are now stable and I would just like to thank all our members and everyone who has helped us to climb this very steep hill." Judge John Pini QC said the compensation will be paid to Cllr Coulson as she's the treasurer of the Gainsborough Constituency Conservative Association (GCCA). The councillor began to uncover the actions of McNeill when she took over as treasurer of the GCCA from McNeill's brother. She discovered that McNeill had applied for an "inappropriate" Covid recovery grant of £10,000 from the Treasury which hid other holes in the accounts. She was also unaware of a £6,000 loan obtained by McNeill from the Conservative central office. In a victim impact statement, Cllr Coulson said McNeill's actions had caused huge reputational damage to the party. McNeill admitted that he began gambling in 2013 and that this became acute by 2016. McNeill will have three months to pay the money directly to Cllr Coulson, with the default punishment for not doing this in that timeframe being another six months in prison. McNeill stepped back from his role as the leader of West Lindsey District Council in September 2020 for "personal reasons". He also resigned as the councillor for the Nettleham ward.