Manchester United face a mighty hurdle in their efforts to prise Mauricio Pochettino away from Paris Saint-Germain. It comes amid concerns over Erik ten Hag, who was interviewed earlier this week for the vacant managerial role at Old Trafford. United will have to deal directly with the PSG hierarchy if they want to hire Pochettino as their next manager. That is because the Argentine does not have a release clause in his contract, meaning the French club can name their price. The former Tottenham boss is not out of the race to become the next Red Devils coach despite Ten Hag being interviewed earlier this week. The Ajax boss is believed to be the favourite for the role but nothing has been finalised yet. That is because there remains concerns over the Dutchman, who has won fans over with his style of football in the Eredivisie. Other candidates who are set to be interviewed include Sevilla boss Julen Lopetegui and Spain head coach Luis Enrique. According to the Irish Independent, there is no release clause in Pochettino’s contract at PSG - meaning United would have to buy him out of his current deal. And that would require negotiating a compensation package with the French club. Pochettino is under pressure in Paris after crashing out of the Champions League despite holding a two-goal lead against Real Madrid with 30 minutes to go. A stupendous quick fire hat-trick from Karim Benzema meant that they would go empty-handed in Europe yet again this season. It has led to question marks being raised over the 50-year-old, but PSG can end up making money out of the situation, rather than sacking him and forking out as a result. It has been reported that United might have to pay up to as much as £20million for Poch’s services. As for Ten Hag, Ajax would likely only demand a fraction of that figure at around £4m because of Edwin van der Sar’s brilliant relationship with the Red Devils. However, Express Sport understands that not everyone is convinced of the former Bayern Munich II boss. There are doubts over how well the 52-year-old could handle such a big dressing room full of egos. It is the same problem that Daniel Levy felt when given the chance to hire him last summer, only to go down the disastrous route of bringing in Nuno Espirito Santo. Ten Hag has developed a reputation as a coach who favours attacking play while also giving chances to the young players. This is the kind of model United are interested in but there is plenty more baggage at Old Trafford than at Ajax.