Although it was not expressly mentioned in yesterday’s statement, experts warn “there are implications” for inheritance tax (IHT) based on the changes made. Both the nil rate band and residence nil rate band IHT thresholds have been frozen until 2026.   Currently an IHT bill is 40 percent of one’s estate that is above the necessary thresholds and can include gifts made up to seven years before they died. The nil rate band currently stands at £325,000 with estates valued under this paying no IHT. The residence nil rate band, for passing on a property to one’s children or grandchildren, sits at £175,000 per person. Combined, this can see a single person passing on a £500,000 using both thresholds while a married couple can pass on £1million IHT free. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under National Insurance hike  However, a big concern for many is that no changes were made specifically to the residence nil rate band despite surging house prices which could see many family homes increasing in value and breaching the threshold. Associate solicitor at Roythornes Solicitors, Ben Taylor, commented: “Although the spring statement didn’t explicitly mention inheritance tax, there are implications for estate and inheritance tax planning.” He noted that the income tax change, which is not immediate, will actually impact IHT bills as well. He shared: “This provides an increased incentive for people to look at making the most of the income tax marginal rates of family members, as part of wealth and estate planning.       “We might see greater interest in trusts for grandchildren or family investment companies. For example, as a means of making use of lower tax rates. “It’s also worth noting that the Spring Statement and new Tax Plan both make reference to the government looking at or confirming plans for reforms to reliefs and allowances ahead of 2024. “This could be in the next budget, so people should prepare to make decisions about their personal finances later this year.” One announcement, or lack thereof, that plays into Britons' favour is that the general mitigation strategies to lower their IHT liability have also not changed.  Financially savvy Britons can avoid a large tax bill by utilising all of the allowances and thresholds IHT provides. IHT receipts from April 2021 to February 2022 reached a record high of £5.5billion, figures released yesterday show. This is a £700million, or 14 percent, increase on the same period a year earlier and the previous record was held by the 2018 to 2019 tax year with £5.36billion. HMRC reportedly commented that the high receipts can be partially attributed to the higher numbers of inheritances being passed on during the pandemic although it noted this cannot be verified until full data becomes available. Additionally, the high number of transfers were also compounded by the rising property values, which made more estates liable to IHT due to the threshold freeze.  Martin Brown, managing partner at Continuum shared: “Whilst we all hope that the number of wealth transfers will begin to drop as the Coronavirus pandemic enters a less deadly phase, for the remainder of the tax year we are likely to continue to see a high number of transfers. “The high volumes of transfers combined with continuing rises in property values and more estates becoming liable to inheritance tax due to the freeze of IHT thresholds means we are very likely to see IHT receipts hit even bigger highs before the end of the tax year.” He continued: “The Coronavirus pandemic has left clients thinking about their vulnerability and perhaps also a little more open to discussing estate planning with their family.” It is also worth noting that the stamp duty holiday that ended in September 2021 also formed part of this time period meaning that IHT bills will likely rise exponentially with house price inflation as the average house price increased by 10.8 percent in the year to February 2022. This is also a new record high of £278,123 average in the UK according to Halifax.