Turkish billionaire Muhsin Bayrak has taken the first steps in purchasing Chelsea from Roman Abramovich, according to reports. The general manager of Bayrak’s business group AB Group Holding confirmed his intention to submit a bid for the European champions. Abramovich announced the Premier League giants had been put up for sale, amid intense scrutiny into the Russian billionaire’s links with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel has found himself in the uncomfortable position of having to answer questions about Abramovich’s relationship with Putin, ever since Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine. A deadline of 15th March for interested parties to submit a bid for the club has already been set, but bids of up to £2.5billion are believed to have already been rejected by Abramovich. However, Bayrak could be in line to take over the Blues as his representatives definitively confirmed their bid. JUST IN: Chelsea star Kante lifts lid on team reaction to impending sale "We can definitely confirm our bid for Chelsea," Bayrak confirmed to the PA Sport Agency. "We have forwarded our offer regarding this." Bayrak has also directly and publicly stated his interest in purchasing the club Abramovich bought for £140million in 2003. "We are negotiating the terms of the purchase of Chelsea with Roman Abramovich's lawyers,” Bayrak said to Turkish outlet Yeni Safak, via Football.London. "We are in the negotiation phase for the signatures. We will fly the Turkish flag in London soon. MUST READChelsea's £635.7m fortune wasted on 19 players under AbramovichChelsea star Werner 'wants Tuchel assurance' amid showdown talksBroja may have shown Tuchel he can be a secret weapon "We made our offer. Because of the war with Russia and Ukraine in the world. Because they find Turkey safe, they want to get most of the after-sales money in Turkey. We are planning to sign soon." Chelsea are yet to officially confirm Bayrak’s bid for the club, which has only been up for sale for a matter of days. Moreover, the Turkish businessman is not the only party interested in taking over the club. A consortium spearheaded by Todd Boehly and Hansjorg Wyss are also believed to be very keen on purchasing the club. The Guardian even stated that the American and Swiss businessmen were even “increasingly confident” that they could complete a deal for the club. Boehly, who is also the part-owner of Major League Baseball giants the LA Dodgers, was interested in taking over the club in 2019 and even had a £2.2bn bid rejected. Abramovich is also reported to have put a £4bn price tag on the club he bought from Ken Bates for £140m in 2003. In a rare official statement released by Abramovich, the Russian confirmed that he would not be looking for the repayment of any loans he made whilst owning the club, while also stating he wishes a charitable foundation for the "victims of the war in Ukraine" to be set up. The statement reads: "The sale of the Club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. "This has never been about business nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and Club. "Moreover, I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated. The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine."