This year, individuals will be forced to reckon with the rising cost of living, inflation and more taxes eating away at the value of their money. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Christine Ross, Head of Private Office - North at Handlesbanken Wealth Management, who unpacked the issue. She pointed towards frozen thresholds on levies such as income tax and inheritance tax. Ms Ross said: “We’ve got thresholds frozen, essentially creating a stealth tax which will continue to rear its head this year. “Take a look at someone who is going from the basic rate of tax to the higher rate, for example. “If we look at levels of wage inflation as they are now, more and more people are going to be pushed into a higher tax bracket. READ MORE: Sturgeon renews support for WASPI women “That is not as a result of something they are doing, but just by virtue of inflation. “But it could have massive implications for a person’s finances, and the families who are affected.” The rate of tax is not the only burden people will have to shoulder. Ms Ross also cited the example of more people being dragged out of automatic eligibility for Child Benefit payments. DON'T MISSState pension will undergo SIX key changes from next month [UPDATE]State pension fury as women live on £26 per day [INSIGHT]‘It’s un-British!’ Pensioner, 75, furious as state pension sum frozen [VIDEO] Those who have an individual income of over £50,000 may have to pay a tax charge known as the High Income Child Benefit Charge (HIBC). It could mean a proportion, or even all, of the Child Benefit payment is lost through tax. With more people pushed into a higher rate, tax on that proportion of their income will essentially double, Ms Ross warned. She continued: “The other aspect to consider is the effects of inflation. “Look at someone at the £100,000 mark who is tipping over simply by virtue of wage increases. “These individuals are going to start to lose their Personal Allowance. “I believe the effect of losing it is that it is almost like a marginal 60 percent tax rate. “For employers, if they are hiring someone who is on £98,000 now, you can’t offer them that. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “You’ve actually got to get beyond the £110,000 mark because they would be worse off otherwise. “That’s an interesting conundrum that is being faced by many people due to inflationary pressures.” Those who are worried about the pressures of tax are encouraged to speak to a financial adviser. These professionals could offer assistance and tailored help to those who require it.