Sir Rod can be seen in a new video that has been retweeted several times on a country road shovelling gravel into holes in the road. The road is near his home in Essex. The 'Maggie May' singer went out to repair the holes in the road in a tracksuit with a high vis jacket.  He said he did it because he felt nobody else could be "bothered to do it". The famous singer filmed himself on TikTok saying that "the road has been like this for ages, so me and boys thought we'd come down and fill in the potholes ourselves". The rock legend pointed off-camera and added, "while millions and millions of pounds has been spent on the M11". TalkRadio published the video and said: "Sir Rod Stewart has filmed himself fixing potholes on a road near his home. READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint  "'People are bashing their cars up. "'The other day, there was an ambulance with a burst tyre. "'My Ferrari can't go through here at all.'" Sir Rod has been hailed by locals who live in the area for repairing the potholes. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS] Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE]   The singer released his latest album The Tears Of Hercules in 2021. The album peaked at number five in the UK albums chart. He is a member of the US Rock & Roll Hall of Fame and was knighted by the Queen in 2016. Concerning the potholes, in the road, the spokesperson for Essex Highways said: “Whilst we appreciate Sir Rod’s commitment to improving his community, we would discourage anyone from doing work on the roads themselves. "This is because, without proper traffic management and other specific safety measures, residents are putting themselves at risk.” It is not the first time Stewart has locked horns with his local council. In 2020, the conservation department of Epping Forest district council objected to his plans to upgrade the windows in his Grade II-listed, 10-bedroom mansion. He bought the mansion for £4.65m in 2013. 