Lois and Clark actress Farrah Forke has died aged 54 following a battle with cancer. A family friend of the Wings actress confirmed the devastating news to Variety earlier today. In a statement, her family said: "Farrah was fierce, tender, loyal, loving, strong, funny, smart, protective, kind, passionate and utterly irreplaceable. "She brought a light so great to the world that even after her passing, the light remains." American actress Farrah is best known for her role of helicopter pilot Alex Lambert through seasons 4 to 6 of NBC's show, Wings. She played the role for seven years until 1997 and her on-screen character was a love interest for both Brian Hackett, played by Steven Weber and Joe, played by Tim Daly. READ MORE: Motsi Mabuse admits she fears Russia-Ukraine conflict is escalating  Farrah's most notable role came as attorney Mayson Drake on the second season of Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman. She also starred in TV shows including Party of Five, Ned and Stacey and Mr Rhodes. The actress starred as the manager of a software company on the short-lived CBS sitcom Dweebs in 1995. Farrah also worked as a voiceover actor, which included her role as superhero Big Barda on TV show Batman Beyond. Her final credit was for the superhero character on an episode of Justice League Unlimited in 2005. Farrah was born in Corpus Christis, Texas in 1968. She moved to New York to study acting at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute. Following her successful acting career, she took a break from acting to raise her twin sons, Chuck and Wit Forke. DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker's ex-wife shares how star got her through family tragedy [INSIGHT]Kirk Baily dies aged 59 following 'six month' battle with lung cancer [BREAKING]Debbie McGee describes tragic last days with husband Paul Daniels [ANALYSIS] She also moved back to Texas to spend time with her family, away from the limelight. Following the devastating news of the star's death, social media users took to Twitter to pay tribute to Farrah. Twitter user @missjoynicole wrote: "A sad loss! RIP #FarrahForke." @jsanchezgrda penned: "My condolences with family and friends of Farrah Forke who has passed away after fighting against cancer." @DABrown1967 added: "She and I are the same age. Had a major crush on her when she was on Wings. R.I.P., Farrah Forke." The news comes hours after it was confirmed that actor Kirk Baily also passed following a battle with lung cancer, aged 59. @NewsCarolyn wrote: "Ug from Salute Your Shorts (Kirk Baily) and Alex from Wings (Farrah Forke), the second of which I’ve been rewatching lately, both died of cancer and I’m not prepared to see all these people I watched on TV growing up leave us. " Farrah is survived by her two sons; her mother and stepfather, Beverly and Chuck Talmage; her three sisters, Paige Inglis, Jennifer Sailor and Maggie Talmage; and her best friend, Mike Peterson.