The low emissions zone (LEZ) in Glasgow city centre will be expanded next June to include all vehicles with a few exceptions - but it means that thousands of more polluting petrol and diesel vehicles will face heavy fines of £60 for driving in the area. The move has appalled drivers north of the border who believe it is the result of politicians like the Green and Scottish National Parties implementing money-raising measures without considering knock-on effects. Many think that it will lead to the centre of Glasgow becoming desolate, with shops closing and taxi drivers having no business. Others have promised they will never visit the city once the zone is implemented. Express.co.uk readers commented in droves on the measures. READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water One commenter, ‘Flexi One’ said: “Petrol and diesel are not banned, you just got to pay a fee to enter, it's a scam to make money for the council.” Another user, ‘what?’ added: “That's thousands of Glasgow jobs gone then. And the voters still vote for the same councillors and Sturgeon's cronies.” ‘Arnier56788’ wrote: “Freedom is being gradually whittled away.” While another asked: “Why should people pay road fund licence if they cant use the roads?” DON'T MISSGrants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT]Driver uses 'concrete blocks inside trollies' to reserve parking space [SHOCKING]DVLA urges drivers to tax their classic cars even if they are exempt [URGENT] Other readers had suggestions as to how to react to the controversial proposals. ‘Rickbear’ said: “The other option would be for every owner of a petrol or diesel car who will be affected to organise a mass protest. “Everyone drive into the zone and stop. Dead stop. Bring the whole city to a standstill between 8am and 6pm. Refuse to pay any fines. Then keep repeating this on fixed dated. There aren't enough tow-trucks to remove the obstruction. “The courts will be overwhelmed. And the prisons could not possibly hold the numbers. Then you'd be showing 'the will of the people', which is what councillors and politicians are supposed to uphold.” ‘Sentemontale’ said: “The answer is simple. Come the May elections, vote anyone you wish for on the electoral candidate list, EXCEPT any SNP candidate. “These people are toxic to the health and lifeblood of this nation. The sooner they and their unelected cronies are removed the better.” While ’Servative’ claimed: “Don't you worry folks, because despite all this nonsense, the control freaks will still get re-elected. “That's because of their very special voting system in Scotland: it's not how you vote that counts, it's who counts the vote that counts.” The fear over what will happen to the retail business in Glasgow was echoed by ‘Fatcateatsalot’ who wrote: “Many businesses are still recovering from lockdown. Cut footfall by these insane taxes on the middle to lower classes cos the rich can afford EVs, it will kill off more businesses. “This in turn will be more unemployment and more cost to the Government or am I the only one who sees this…” ‘Whitworth1’ agreed, saying: “Cities have enough problems with lack of retail footfall as it is. Banning personal transports will kill them completely.” Three other major cities in Scotland already have, or will be implementing LEZs, they are Dundee, Aberdeen and Edinburgh.