Real Madrid star Gareth Bale has been called a 'parasite' by the Spanish media in a sensational attack on the player over his time at the Bernabeu, with the Welshman accused of 'sucking euros' out of the club. Bale, 32, joined Los Blancos in 2013 in an £85million deal - breaking the world record transfer fee at the time. He started life superbly in Spain, scoring 47 league goals in his first 81 games for the Galacticos. But since then the goals and appearances have dried up, with the Wales international failing to match that tally in a six-year period with just 34 goals in 94 games. Despite scoring vital goals in two Champions League finals and single-handedly winning the club the 2014 Copa del Rey Final - picking up a total of 14 trophies at the club - Bale has divided the fanbase with his 'lax' attitude in the capital. And a scathing article from Spanish outlet Marca has likened Bale to a mosquito for 'sucking euros out of the club' amidst his lack of appearances for the club this season. "The Bale parasite came from the cold and rainy Britannia," the paper started. "He settled in Spain, at Real Madrid, where, masked, he first showed diligence and love for the guest, but then his nature led him to suck blood without giving anything in return. Well, more than blood, he sucked, and sucks, the club's euros. Unlike others of its kind, such as the flea, the louse or the bedbug, the Bale parasite does not cause itching or illnesses in its host. "But after sucking, it laughs and makes fun of it, showing a jocular contempt for the one from whom he lives. He laughs, applauds, throws himself on the ground, sings, as a kind of humiliating ceremony, which, luckily, has an expiration date, like all misfortunes." With his contract up at the end of the season, Bale will likely have many suitors to bring him in on a free transfer. Tottenham are reportedly interested in his services after a decent loan spell in north London last season. Real currently sit nine points clear at the top of La Liga with just nine games to go. They have a real chance at winning their second title in three season after winning the accolade in 2019-20. And they could win the double if they win the Champions League. They face current holders Chelsea in the quarter-finals in April.