Russian President Vladimir Putin launched his brutal invasion of Ukraine on February 24, the country has since seen more than three million civilians flee to safety, widespread devastation as cities are hit with airstrikes, and more than 700 reported deaths. Millions of people - from charities to governments - have stepped forward to take action to support Ukraine. Foreign secretary Liz Truss told the Conservative Spring Conference this weekend that although Britain has “stepped up”, it must “do even more” to help Ukraine. She said: “[Vladimir] Putin must lose in Ukraine, and with Britain at the forefront, we will ensure he does.” The UK, amongst a multitude of other countries, has issued a number of crippling economic sanctions on Russia [link] in a bid to deter the conflict from continuing, as well as opened its borders to Ukrainian refugees fleeing to safety. Everyone wants to do their bit to support, and thankfully there are many ways to do so. Here are a few ways you can help.  The Government launched a sponsorship scheme - Homes for Ukraine - last week, giving members of the UK public the opportunity to provide Ukrainian refugees a place to stay in their homes. The scheme matches people, charities, businesses, and community groups to Ukrainians who do not have family ties to the UK. Sponsors are expected to provide suitable accommodation for a minimum of six months, and those taking part will receive a tax-free monthly payment of £350. You can register your interest for the scheme on the website.  There are a number of charities providing humanitarian relief in Ukraine. UNICEF, British Red Cross, and UNHCR are just a few of the ever-expanding list of charities offering a means to support Ukraine. The Disasters Emergency Committee launched a Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal to provide food, water, shelter and healthcare to refugees and displaced families.The UK Government matched £25million of public donations to this appeal. If you’re interested in this method of support, it’s always important to ensure you donate to charities that will use your money effectively. You can find this out by checking the charity’s registration number using this tool. DON'T MISS: Putin health: Major clue Kremlin is lying about president's state [EXPLAINED]No funding ready for NHS Ukrainian refugee effort amid backlog [INSIGHT]France and Germany shamed as EU states provided Putin with deadly arms [ANALYSIS]     Hold back on unsolicited donations of supplies - although often well-intended, it can risk supply chain obstruction and delay more urgent supplies reaching those in need. It’s far better to donate money or supplies to official charities who can then distribute accordingly. Many charities are stating the supplies they’re gathering on their websites, so this can give you some direction.  The hashtag #StandForUkraine has been widely used on social media, by the Government and members of the public. Although it’s a powerful tool to spread awareness - and rapidly, it also poses the risk of misinformation, so ensure what you share isn’t false. You can assess the information you wish to share using this checklist. This will help you confirm whether the information can be trusted. 