Tracey Connelly, the mother of 17-month-old Peter Connelly, who was violently abused up until his death in 2007, has been approved for release this week. British journalist Andrew Pierce dragged Ms Connelly for allowing her partner to abuse her son, claiming she has no excuse, she was supposed to be his mum. Mr Pierce then went on to talk about the previous death penalty in the UK and how light sentencing is for crimes that should carry the maximum life sentence. Broadcaster Jeremy Vine said: "You find that the mother has a new partner and the partner is the one who does all the worst things. "But Andrew that doesn't excuse the mum." Mr Pierce said: "Look she's his mother, she brought him into this world. "The great bond between mother and child, it should be unbreakable, she let him down so badly, the 17-month-old battered repeatedly. JUST IN: Boy found in hunt for student who vanished after night out with friends     Mr Pierce added: "She took part in the batterings, I'm sorry, she is the mum she was ultimately responsible. "It was outrageous that she was out of prison within four years. "Disgraceful! And I think when they got rid of the death penalty 60 odd years ago in this country, politicians said murder would be given a mandatory life sentence, and life would mean life. "They weren't telling the truth then, as so often politicians don't. READ MORE: Kamala Harris left viewers fuming after 'incoherent' speech - 'Wasteful gibberish'    Mr Pierce added: "Now I don't support the death penalty, but I do think some crimes are so heinous. "And the murder of a child, or the brutalisation of a child is one, and I'm afraid this woman should rot in prison." The 17-month-old baby died at the couple's home in Tottenham in 2007, the case has not been forgotten in the UK due to the brutality and cruelty committed on an innocent child. The court heard that Baby Peter suffered from over 50 injuries despite over 60 visits from social services, over an eight-month period. DON’T MISS: Donald Trump slammed by White House after begging Putin for information on Hunter BidenBlow to Joe Biden’s billionaire tax proposal after US Senator declares no voteLiz Truss to urge Narendra Modi to call out Putin over Ukraine invasion in trip to India   