When it comes to selling a home, getting the best price for it comes high on homeowners' lists. With many offering prices over asking price in the current market, experts have shared how to increase it even more by making changes, including adding fitted wardrobes. The experts said: “At a time when homeowners are putting a premium on space, fitted bedroom furniture is sure to help add value to the property. “A buyer expects to see clever storage solutions in properties of all sizes, especially as new home developments from national house builders are providing excellent storage solutions and setting a new benchmark for buyers. “In traditional properties, fitted wardrobes can be a great solution for maximising storage options, while being sympathetic to original features, and in more modern properties bold styling choices add standout.” When it comes to a viewing, potential buyers will make up their mind on a property within the first 30 seconds of walking into a home, according to Foxtons. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks This means having a good entrance is crucial, including the staircase. Foxtons said having a hallway with a well purposed staircase is a “key element” to any living space. Neville Johnson added: “Although often overlooked, the staircase is typically the first thing you see when you walk into your home. “It can be a very dominant part of your décor and has the potential to create an impeccable first impression to visitors.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to clean patio - ‘came up sparkling’ [COMMENT]Alan Titchmarsh shares ‘trick’ to looking after orchid houseplant [EXPERT]Orchid: ‘Best time’ of the year to repot your houseplant [EXPLAINER] Multi-functional study spaces have always been in demand, and according to the experts, can add value to a property. With more people working from home than ever before, many need their homes to double up as an office space regularly. The experts said: “A bespoke study is of course a massive asset to a home these days and could be said to rival the bedroom that it might be replacing.” Fitted dressing rooms also come at a premium and potential buyers may pay more for a home with one in. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Neville Johnson said: “A fitted dressing room can make people fall in love with a house, they imagine how they would use it if they were living there. “The popularity of dressing rooms is part of a resurgence in focusing on adult spaces in the home. “A master bedroom with a dressing room and en suite is high on a list for even family buyers now, adding value to a property, with buyers willing to pay for a dedicated space. “As with all luxury spaces, consumers expect the fitted furniture that defines the space to be well designed, functional, flexible and of exceptional quality and provide easy access to the content.” Home libraries, even small rooms, can also increase the value of a property. According to Neville Johnson, home library projects have been increasingly popular in the last two years. They added: “Depending on the style of the property, a traditional library, complete with mullions, skirting and cornicing or a contemporary library with shelf lighting and seamless doors, can be a real focal point and add desire, quality and value to the home.” Ryan Ninnis from Foxtons said: “Presenting a stylish, well designed, and functional home to buyers is a key way to differentiate and sell your property quickly. “We regularly see increases in value of 15 percent to 20 percent for owners who have made home improvements that appeal to the demand of the local market.” The property market has never been more competitive and according to Neville Johnson, now is the time for sellers to make the most of their assets. Mal Shaw, Sales Director at Neville Johnson, said: “Now more than ever, we know that UK homeowners are looking to add value to their properties so we’ve taken our knowledge and decades of experience in home renovations and launched an informative digital guide with Foxtons that highlights the key home improvements to consider before selling a property. “Selling your property can be one of the most exciting times in a homeowners’ life, but it can also be a stressful one. “We hope that our new step-by-step guide will serve as a useful resource for homeowners looking to carry out desirable home renovations ahead of selling their properties.”