Dick Strawbidge and Angel Strawbridge are well known for their beloved series Escape to the Chateau. However, the pair have also opened up on leaving their “dream” home behind to visit the UK. Dick, who was born in Burma before moving to Northern Ireland, shared how he missed the UK. Speaking recently to the Belfast Telegraph, he said of his family: “Initially, we had a place in Bangor, Co Down. “We lived near Ward House down by the Old Pond but no doubt that’s long gone now. “Then my dad got a job in Ankalon, so we moved up to Antrim where I enrolled at Ballyclare Preparatory school.” READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him  Later in the interview, he and his wife admitted they were always returning to the UK at any opportunity. Angela said: “We love coming over to see the family. “Admittedly with Covid things haven’t been easy. “But at every opportunity, we’ve always been on the first ferry back.”  Dick then added: “Living in the chateau is our dream. “But, when all is said and done, Northern Ireland will always be home.” The pair are set to head to Belfast on March 10 as part of their Dare To Do It tour. This sees them touring the UK to share their story with fans of the Channel 4 show. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [INSIGHT]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [PICTURES]'Are you kidding me?' Salma Hayek calls out Michael Keaton at SAGs [VIDEO]   The couple shared their excitement over the tour when they set off back on February 7. Writing on their Instagram, they penned: “At long last, the opening night of the 2022 ‘Dare to Do It - So much more to say…’ tour is here! “The Strawbridges are in Edinburgh and ready for the next 5 weeks touring the UK. “We hope you're excited as we are and we can't wait to see some of you there!” They also shared an update on how it was going on February 16. Alongside a snap of them on stage, they admitted they were having a “wonderful time”. The caption read: “Dick and Angel are a week into the ‘Dare to Do It - So much more to say...;’ tour and they're having a wonderful time catching up with so many of you. “So far they've visited locations in Edinburgh, Sheffield, Carlisle, Darlington, Llandudno, Leicester and Liverpool... “And there are so many more to come.” 