Although nearly all restrictions have now been lifted in the popular Spanish holiday destinations, dancing is still banned. The rule has upset some nightlife workers. The Ministry of Health has said that dancing could increase the spread of the virus as people are too close to each other and breathing heavily. However, the Canary Islands are now the only Spanish region to enforce a dancing ban although some regions do require dancers to wear masks. Nightlife associations have said they want the rule lifted so that international tourists can enjoy their holidays. They said the rule was hard to enforce as tourists were used to acting normally in their home countries. READ MORE: Chaos ensues for tourists at Tenerife South airport Some bar and club owners have said they have no choice but to let people dance as enforcing the ban could lead to fights. Nightlife association ‘Canarias de Noche’ said: “There are so many companies that have not opened because it is not feasible to do so. “Paradoxes arise in so much as there could be 50 people in a small restaurant without a mask shouting, drinking, and chatting, and we are prohibited from dancing with masks on in closed spaces.” A representative from the nightlife association FEHT said: “It is even difficult to know when they are breaking the rules. “If you are standing next to your chair moving a little bit, are you dancing? It’s getting hard to control. “People are at a point where the pandemic is over.” In positive news, nightlife venues in the Canary Islands are allowed to open until 4am after a rule relaxation. The nightlife associations said that the police were acting fairly with venues and holidaymakers. British tourists visiting Spain and the Canary Islands will need to wear a mask in all indoor venues. They will also need to wear a mask in some outdoor situations where social distancing is not possible. The Spanish Government has said it hopes to ditch indoor masks “sooner rather than later” but has yet to provide a firm date. Fully vaccinated British tourists are allowed to enter Spain without taking a test and children between the ages of 12-17 can enter with a negative PCR test if they are not vaccinated. Unvaccinated British adults are not able to travel to Spain currently unless they have a recent recovery certificate. British tourists will no longer need to fill out a passenger locator form after arriving in the UK. Several major airlines including Jet2 and TUI have recently ditched mandatory masks on their planes. However, British tourists will still need to wear a mask if their holiday destination requires it by law.