Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on Instagram several years ago when she started to share cleaning hacks and product recommendations. With more than four million followers, fans of the social media sensation now share their own advice online, including how to keep toilet brushes clean. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Chloe Williams wrote: “What do you keep in your toilet brush holder to keep it fresh and clean?” There are many toilet brushes on the market, including ones with hard bristles and ones with rubber bristles. It is recommended that they are cleaned regularly, if not replaced to help maintain hygiene standards in the bathroom. The post attracted more than 70 comments from group members all sharing their top tips with Chloe. READ MORE: DIY homeowner uses clever Dunelm trick to transform stairs for £117 Sharon Graham wrote: “I just soak it in the toilet with bleach and then rinse. I then pour Zoflora and change to a new one regularly.” Tracy Lawrence commented: “Bleach!” Lucy Price added: “Bleach and Zoflora, just a capful of neat disinfectant.” Zoflora disinfectant kills 99.9 percent of bacteria and viruses and can help to leave the room smelling fresh. DON'T MISS:‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds [EXPERT]Why now is the ‘best ever’ time to sell your property [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share 29p tip to keep blankets fluffy - ‘works a treat’ [COMMENT] Bottles of the concentrated disinfectant can be picked up for as little as 99p in stores such as B&M and Home Bargains. Teresa Wilson said: “Zoflora is game-changing. I don’t use a bristle brush but still use it on my silicone one as it helps to remove germs. Bathroom smells lush too.” Caitlan Marie said: “I always let mine soak in bleach after using and then pour boiling water over it. I am thinking of getting a silicone one as they are meant to be better and more hygienic.” Joanna Bristow commented: “I put a bit of bleach in the bottom. Mine are from Asda, about a pound each, and I do bin them every couple of months or so. “I clean my loo with bleach and then rinse my brush when I flush a couple of times, job done. “They are a bit unhygienic, but has to be done. So cheap.” Sharing advice on the same Facebook page, Mrs Hinch fans also shared top tips on removing stubborn limescale from the toilet bowl. Maisie Laker said: “Need advice on how to get my toilet clean…limescale is bad in my toilet. It’s been like it since I moved in. “I’ve used every toilet gel and it’s still not breaking down…I’m using a whole bottle of cleaner every week and it’s still there, my toilet downstairs is perfect but nothing is shifting it upstairs.” Limescale is a dry calcium carbonate that is created by water saturated with chalk and calcareous. Lisa Malonoey wrote: “Bottle of coke…leave it overnight, bought mine up a treat.” “I did that too and it works so well,” said Julia Fearnley. Sammie Prescott said: “Coke is a good trick if you haven’t tried that, don’t need an expensive brand. If not, you may need to empty the water.”