Latest data from RAC Fuel Watch shows drivers are being charged an average of 161p per litre for unleaded petrol, while diesel has shot to an unprecedented high of 170p per litre. With the ever increasing prices, drivers are looking for ways in which they can save fuel and go longer in between trips to the petrol station. One unique tip could help drivers save fuel and also remind them to be a safer driver when out and about. Motorists have been advised to drive as if they have a bowl of water on the passenger seat, in an unconventional way to save fuel. Vanarama warns drivers that with petrol and diesel prices rapidly increasing, they should be more cautious when on the road. A spokesperson for Vanarama said: “Anticipation is the name of the game. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered “Every time you apply the brakes, energy that you’ve paid for in fuel is being lost in heat generated by the brake pads and discs.” Drivers shouldn’t rev the engine unnecessarily when accelerating, and instead should move gently through the gears. This will keep the engine speed to a reasonable level, without labouring it by being in too high a gear. If drivers were to imagine a bowl of water spilling in their car, they would quickly adapt to driving in a calmer style. DON'T MISSNew parking law would see drivers charged £550 per space [SHOCKING]Millions could be caught under new speed camera proposals [WARNING]Fears that overhaul of car tax system would hit working class [INSIGHT] By doing this, drivers will brake less erratically and help to save fuel with smoother driving. They also urge drivers to take a number of factors into consideration to keep them on the road for longer without needing to stop at a filling station. Another way in which drivers could help to save some fuel is by keeping their fuel tank level reasonably low. A larger tank of diesel, generally around 70 litres, weighs a massive 57kg, which can have a massive effect on the car. Much like an electric vehicle, it is advised that drivers try to maintain their charge level between 20 and 80 percent to prevent the battery from being worn down. Any additional weight should also be removed to ensure that fuel isn't used unnecessarily. They advise drivers to take off any non-regularly used bike or ladder racks off vehicles. CarStore are also warning drivers to take extra care when driving to save fuel, including avoiding idling when possible. When the car is at a standstill and the engine is turned on, drivers will be getting zero miles per gallon, since fuel is being used but they are not going anywhere. Modern cars with "stop/start" technology save fuel by turning the engine off while the vehicle is stationary, which is always advised. Mark Akbar, Managing Director at CarStore, said: “As prices at the pump are increasing rapidly and the cost-of-living crisis escalates, it’s more important than ever that drivers make the most out of every drop of fuel, improving the driving economy and saving themselves money in the process. “At CarStore our Personal Advisors are committed to listening and putting our customers’ needs first and we want to share any informed, impartial advice that we can to make our customers’ lives easier and more affordable.” “There are many different techniques and habits you can incorporate into everyday driving that will have a positive impact on your vehicle's fuel economy.”