Arsenal legend Ian Wright would seemingly love to see Tammy Abraham in a Gunners shirt. Abraham was linked with a move to Arsenal last summer but instead chose to join Roma from Chelsea. The England international has had a fine first season to date in Italy. He has scored 15 goals in 29 Serie A appearances for Jose Mourinho's side. Arsenal are set to be in the market for a striker at the end of the season, with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both running out of contract. Wright claims Abraham has gone beyond his expectations at Roma this term. “Tammy Abraham. The king of Rome,” Wright said on his podcast Wrighty's House. The way Tammy has gone over there, he’s lit it up. READ MORE: Bukayo Saka's lack of 'football intelligence' blamed for strong tackles on Arsenal star  "I couldn’t see Mourinho taking Tammy there and it working like it’s worked. This is where Mourinho baffles me, where he’s said ‘I’ve all people, I’m going to take Tammy, I’m going to take him to Roma and put him in this team'. “I remember his first game. He was magnificent from the off. Everything that’s going on around him, it just feels like he’s that guy. “We tried to get him, Arsenal, and when you look at how Arsenal play now, how Tammy is playing, you say to yourself, ‘Mikel [Arteta], you see the vision!’. When it was happening you think, ‘Yeah, I could see it happening,’ because he ripped us to shreds (when he played for Chelsea).” Wright believes Abraham moved to Italy because there was not enough interest from English clubs. However, he claims that is no longer the case and says "they all must be looking at him [now], they've got to be." DON'T MISSRudiger makes decision on staying at Chelsea amid Juventus 'agreement' update [REPORT]Arsenal icon Ian Wright claims Tottenham have made two transfer mistakes [QUOTES]Chelsea fans tear into Harry Maguire as England training pictures emerge [SOCIAL]  And he reckons Arsenal would be a perfect match for the 24-year-old. Wright added: "If he came to Arsenal, I think Arsenal would play directly for him. "He'd link up the play and he's got that energy to get in the box. Tammy has the hunger to finish the chances that Arsenal are not finishing right now. "They are making chances but someone is not in there taking them. Tammy is at that stage now where he would be in there gobbling all that up. I think so [he’s ready now]. Absolutely. "He’s gone to Roma and it’s a massive club and he’s the main man, he was from the first game.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here