The Chase star Mark Labbett has sparked a frenzy amongst his fans after teasing a "big surprise" during the recording of Beat The Chasers. Taking to Twitter, The Beast, 56, told how he had exciting plans in store for audience members who were attending a recording of the popular ITV spin off show of The Chase, leading fans to speculate over what it could entail. In view of his 157,700 followers, the formidable quizzer hinted at some exciting news. Mark wrote: "If you are coming to #beatthechasers recording you might get a big surprise :)" Following the star's announcement, fans of the Chaser flocked to the comments to weigh in on what the "surprise" could be. Twitter user @neilpassmore wrote: "We’re coming to Elstree Studios on Friday afternoon @MarkLabbett!!! Can’t wait!!! #beatthechasers." READ MORE: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family @susanwhiting9 penned: "Hi Mark I will be there Saturday afternoon with my sister and niece I love surprises!! xx." @claireganham4 added: "What the big surprise Mark, I'm coming xx." While @kloedunne chipped in: "Me and my mum are going on Saturday and this has made me so much more excited!!!" Mark's announcement comes a day after he broke his silence after it was revealed he had been dropped from the US version of The Chase. The star shared his disappointment when it was announced he would not be returning to The Chase US, after having joined the stateside version of the US programme last year.The quizzer shared a promotional photo of the new series of the popular show, which showed he was not in the line up. The official account read: "New season. New Chasers. Victoria Groce, Brandon Blackwell, and Buzzy Cohen join Brad Rutter and James Holzhauer on May 3 when #TheChase returns." Reacting to the post, Mark admitted he was "gutted" to not be returning for another season.  DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway admits 'jinx' fears if she takes off wedding ring [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Kim Kardashian's 'get your a** up and work' remark [UPDATE] He replied: "Gutted to not be invited back but really excited at the new lineup. "Am expecting Brandon and Victoria to wow America." In a follow-up tweet, Mark wrote: "Really hope somebody gives @BrookeBurns the shot she deserves at a network show." ABC has announced three new faces will join The Chase US as two familiar faces depart the programme. Ken Jennings and Mark will step down as Chasers, making way for Victoria Groce, speed-quiz titan Brandon “The Lightning Bolt” Blackwell and Jeopardy! vet Buzzy Cohen, who will join returning Chasers Brad Rutter and James Holzhauer for the new season. The Chase returns with the newest members of the team on May 3. Mark was the original Chaser to appear on the US version of the show when it first debuted in the United States in 2013. Speaking about his role to Express.co.uk last year, after taking part in the programme for a second time, Mark gushed over the "flashy" production.