It came after the Prime Minister was asked by the SNP's Kenny MacAskill to impose caps on fuel prices to avoid "poverty" in Scotland. He asked: "Will the Prime Minister regulate and cap fuels to elevate hardship and end the perversity of energy-rich Scotland but poor Scots?" Mr Johnson responded: "He is right about energy-rich Scotland and that hydrocarbons should be used to help the British people. "We should not be needlessly reliant on oil and gas from (Vladimir) Putin's Russia. "I think that's the policy of Alba, unfortunately, it's not the policy of the SNP." Mr Johnson appeared to be referring to First Minister Nicola Sturgeon's objection to new projects off the coast of Scotland, including the Cambo oil field. In November, after months of pressure from opposition parties and campaigners, Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said the project should not go ahead.   Work on the project was halted in December after Shell decided to withdraw from the project, concluding the economic case for investment was "not strong enough". Industry body Oil and Gas UK previously said blocking long-planned energy projects like Cambo would risk leaving the UK at the mercy of global energy shortages. It comes as Russian President Vladimir Putin has exposed the West's over-reliance on foreign imports of gas and oil. While the UK only relies on around three percent of imports from the Kremlin, it is indirectly impacted by rising energy prices. Yesterday, it was reported that Shell could reconsider its decision to exit Cambo. It comes after the Government has reportedly launched a campaign to try to secure more North Sea drilling, while oil prices have surged above $100 a barrel because of the Ukraine crisis. Shell has not yet sold its interests in the field. The company's official position has not changed, but sources close to Shell acknowledged that the situation had. Tessa Khan, director of environmental group Uplift, said new oil and gas assets like Cambo would not help bring down prices or secure UK energy security of supply. She said: "Contrary to what [Business Secretary] Kwasi Kwarteng has said, this isn't 'our oil'. "t belongs to Shell who will sell it abroad to the highest bidder. " According to the Government's own figures, 80 percent of North Sea oil is put in tankers and exported. "What it will do is produce carbon emissions equivalent to 18 coal-fired power stations, when we are already experiencing the impacts of the climate crisis. Cambo makes as little sense today as it did last year."