Photographer David Bailey, who can boast among his subjects the late Lord Snowdon and Princess Diana, revealed he called the Queen "girl" while she was sitting for a portrait. Mr Bailey said the monicker simply "came out" while they were chatting. The sovereign sat for Mr Bailey in 2014 - when the photographer asked her if "the jewels" were real. Speaking to the Telegraph, he recalled: "I said: 'I bet that cost a few bob, girl'." Asked if he had really dared to call the monarch "girl", Mr Bailey said: "It just came out." He continued: "I call everyone ‘girl’. But she was girlish. Made a real effort." Follow live updates on the Royal Family here The sovereign sat for Mr Bailey in 2014 - when the photographer asked her if "the jewels" were real. Speaking to the Telegraph, he recalled: "I said: 'I bet that cost a few bob, girl'." Asked if he had really dared to call the monarch "girl", Mr Bailey said: "It just came out." He continued: "I call everyone ‘girl’. But she was girlish. Made a real effort." The photographer reported the Queen took the monicker kindly, saying: "We had a laugh". Paying a compliment to the now-95-year-old head of state, he added: "Beautiful skin, the Queen." Her Majesty is known for her sense of humour and for poking fun at people whenever appropriate. While on a walk on her Scottish estate, she encountered a group of tourists who failed to recognise her. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark After telling her she was leaving nearby, the monarch was asked if she had ever met the Queen. The monarch quipped, gesturing at her security officer Richard Griffin who later reported the story to The Times: "No, but this policeman has!" Artist Juliet Pannett, who painted a portrait of the monarch, reported another example of the 95-year-old's dry wit. Upon wandering to a local shop in Sandringham, an elderly lady told the Queen: "Good heavens, you look just like the Queen!" To which the monarch reportedly replied: "How reassuring!" Mr Bailey is one of the photographers whose work is displayed at Kensington Palace as part of a new exhibition called "Life Through A Royal Lens". One of the portraits by Mr Bailey included in the temporary show is a never-before-seen picture of Princess Diana. The snap was taken in 1988 during a sitting commissioned by the National Portrait Gallery. Diana herself, who in the black-and-white picture faces away from the camera, chose Mr Bailey for the shoot as she appreciated his minimalistic style. Mr Bailey recalled this sitting included an awkward moment much like it happened decades later while he was photographing the Queen. The photographer's assistant, Mr Bailey said, dropped by mistake a light on the Princess of Wales's head. He recalled: "I thought, oh f***!" But Diana, he continued, was remarkably understanding and reassured the young assistant. Mr Bailey continued: "She said: 'Don’t think about it; it was a terrible accident'. "I told her she had been very magnanimous – that’s right, because she asked me what magnanimous meant."