One of the most important gold coins from the ancient world is going up for auction this May. The coin which has been displayed at the British Museum for the last decade is set to fetch over £1.5million. During a time of digital currency and mass production, gold is cited as one of the most enduring luxury collectables. As a result, when a rare coin is found and preserved, it is going to fetch a staggering price should it ever go up for auction. The ‘Eid Mar’ coin is said to be one of the rarest coins - with its history dating back thousands of years. The coin was minted to commemorate the assassination of Julius Caesar by his betrayer, Brutus. READ MORE: Royal Mint unveils commemorative coin of Queen on horseback It has been kept at the British Museum for the last 10 years, but now, a collector has a rare opportunity to acquire the iconic piece of world history as it goes up for auction. But what is its story? The ‘Eid Mar’ coin has an exquisite design, and because it is in gold, rather than silver, it’s extremely rare. The coin’s design has important distinguishable features. The head of the coin shows a portrait of Brutus with an inscription of BRVT IMP, denoting him as an acclaimed military victor. DON'T MISS...Prince Harry's body language displays signs of ‘joy’ with new life [VIDEO]Taurus needs to welcome ‘change’ to avoid career ‘burn out’ [INSIGHT]Weight loss: Michael Mosley’s 2 exercises you need to do every day [EXPERT] During a time of digital currency and mass production, gold is cited as one of the most enduring luxury collectables. As a result, when a rare coin is found and preserved, it is going to fetch a staggering price should it ever go up for auction. The ‘Eid Mar’ coin is said to be one of the rarest coins - with its history dating back thousands of years. The coin was minted to commemorate the assassination of Julius Caesar by his betrayer, Brutus. The reverse of the coin celebrates the assassination: two daggers represent Brutus and Cassius, whilst Rome’s freedom is illustrated by a‘cap of liberty’, the Phrygian cap traditionally given to emancipated slaves. Together this iconography reflects the symbolic rhetoric that followed Caesar’s death around the liberation of Rome, iconography that was adopted in future historical moments to symbolise liberty including the French revolution in 1789-99. So remarkable was this coin that it was mentioned in the writing of ancient historian Cassius Dio in the 3rd century AD. As for what the coin was used for, experts believe it was almost certainly intended as a gift for senior army officers. This particular coin, having been expertly pierced just above the head of Brutus, was highly likely to have been worn by a high-ranking supporter and, it has been speculated, even one of the conspirators of Caesar’s murder. The rare Eid Mar aureus was first brought to the British Museum in 1932 by the expert numismatist, Oscar Ravel. A plaster cast of the coin, which was made during that visit, is still retained by the Museum today. As for when the coin will be auctioned, bidding starts on May 30, 2022, by Numismatica Ars Classica. Arturo Russo from Numismatica Ars Classica spoke about the coin and auction. They said: “The Eid Mar coin commemorates one of the most important moments in Western history: the assassination of the dictator Julius Caesar. “It is extremely rare to come across an ancient coin with such exceptional provenance, a point illustrated by its inclusion in the British Museum’s display for over a decade. “We are thrilled to present the opportunity for a Museum or collector to become part of the story of such a significant piece of ancient history, at our auction in May. ”