As he so often has been on social and humanitarian issues, Sebastian Vettel was once again ahead of the curve when it came to Formula 1's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. He was the first to speak out, making it clear just hours after the war began that he would refuse to race in Sochi. In doing so he became one of the first high-profile sportspeople to publicly condemn Russia's actions. While the sporting world cannot prevent the bloodshed in Ukraine, it can help pile the pressure on the invading countries. So Vettel's swift and clear stance on the conflict was widely praised – as were F1 bosses when they moved quickly to tell the world that the Russian Grand Prix would not be going ahead. "We are watching the developments in Ukraine with sadness and shock and hope for a swift and peaceful resolution to the present situation," said a statement. "On Thursday evening Formula 1, the FIA, and the teams discussed the position of our sport, and the conclusion is, including the view of all relevant stakeholders, that it is impossible to hold the Russian Grand Prix in the current circumstances." That came after Vettel had already declared that "it wouldn't be right" to race in a country which had acted so aggressively against another. "For myself, my own opinion is I should not go, I will not go," he said. "I think it’s wrong to race in that country. JUST IN: F1 praised for cancelling Russian GP while FIFA branded 'shameful' "I'm sorry for the people, innocent people who are losing their lives, getting killed for stupid reasons. "When a country is at war, it is not right to race there." Other drivers in the paddock have spoken about the invasion, but none with such clarity and pointedness as the Aston Martin star. But Vettel believes it does not matter that not all his peers have shown such strong views in public, as the important thing right now is bringing the bloodshed to a swift end. "I think everyone has an attitude," the German added. "The question is whether everyone always dares to share the attitude. "I'm not shy about that, quite the opposite. I think there are certain topics where you can't remain silent. DON'T MISS:Mercedes' 'major upgrade' will be music to Hamilton and Russell's earsLewis Hamilton and George Russell to get 'new bits' ahead of BahrainSix things we can’t wait to see in Netflix’s latest Drive to Survive series "It's a strange feeling to even get out of bed when you start the day with the news, to motivate yourself when you know exactly that there are things that are much more important. "Innocent people are already having to die. You can't imagine the situation. "I don't think there's a winning side to this kind of thing. [It is an] absolute shock, and I think the consequence is very clear." He continued: "Right now everyone is busy with themselves, but of course this is an issue that is bigger than anything else. "I'm sure all the other drivers share the opinion. Anything else would surprise me. "But it's not important at first whether we speak out or not. The important thing is that maybe the situation will relax, that it will come to an end. "I don't think anyone wants it to escalate further and get further out of control, but that seems very difficult at the moment." Vettel also seemed to praise F1 bosses for taking such swift action themselves, and for making a decision which was morally correct but will hit the sport financially. "Values and morals should come before everything else," said the 34-year-old. "Business is not important at all in that respect. "If people go to war and die, I can't imagine that at all. I, like everyone else, sat there and learned a lot in history class and listened a lot. I found it all very interesting, what happened. "I still think it's extremely important to continue to have these things in your conscience and to continue to be made aware of them. You can't forget things like that. And you become all the more aware of such things now. "As I said, there was hope that things would settle down. It's terrible that it's now getting out of control."