Inheritance tax (IHT) is usually 40 percent of an estate’s value above the nil rate band, which is currently £325,000. However, using certain allowances and knowing some vital information can see Britons getting a £1million estate completely tax-free.  IHT is often referred to as a death tax, which is payable on the estate of someone who has died. This estate includes any property, money and possessions they have passed on in their will as well as any qualifying gifts made in the last seven years of their life. It is arguably one of the most dreaded taxes as it is paid by the heirs a person leaves behind when they die. This means family and friends could face an insurmountable tax bill if Britons don’t properly plan their estate.   However, there are exemptions where no tax is required on an estate:     This final point can be incredibly useful for Britons as it allows them to pass on family homes to their children and grandchildren with a threshold of £500,000. It can be given to children - including foster and step children - and grandchildren as well. Spouses or civil partners also provide unique tax advantages in terms of IHT as not only can everything above the nil rate band be given to them tax-free, they can also pass on any unused threshold to their surviving partner. Combining the nil rate band, the residence nil rate band and this spousal advantage can see the last surviving spouse or partner passing on £1million in their estate without any tax incurred.  In cases where IHT is inevitable and unavoidable, what should Britons be aware of? When inheritance money is received Britons must inform HMRC promptly and the tax should be paid within six months of the date of death which is usually handled by the executor of the estate. The 40 percent tax rate is not a definite, as Britons can bring it down to 36 percent if they leave 10 percent of the value of their estate to charity in their will. While this may lower the total amount given to one’s heirs, it will also greatly reduce the tax burden they experience as well.  Gifting is another somewhat complex ideal in terms of IHT, as the seven year rule means gifts made within seven years of one’s death could be pulled into the IHT calculation and add onto the tax bill. Britons who manage to gift their home seven years before they die will usually not incur any IHT, but those gifted within seven years likely will depending on the properties’ value. Other gifts such as money, assets, stocks and shares and household or personal goods will also be held against the seven year rule with some allowances depending on why the gift was given. Again, spouses and partners have a complete exemption from this as long as they both live permanently in the UK and are legally married or in a civil partnership.