Chris Rock, 57, has broken his silence after being slapped across the face by Will Smith, 53, on stage, at the Oscars ceremony on Sunday. Chris was hit by Will after he made a joke about his wife Jada’s shaved head, referencing the 1997 film GI Jane. Jada has previously opened up about having alopecia which causes hair loss. She rolled her eyes at the joke and was visibly unamused. Meanwhile, Will abruptly marched onto the stage and slapped the comedian. On Wednesday, during a live comedy show in Boston, Chris told the audience his comedy show wouldn't be focused on the Oscars incident, which he said he is still “processing”. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet Taking to the stage, he quipped: “How was your weekend?” Chris told the audience: “I don't have a bunch of s**t to say about [the incident], so if you came here for that ... I had written a whole show before this weekend.” The 57-year-old added: “I'm still processing what happened.” He went on to say he will make a further comment about it in future. He said: “At some point, I'll talk about that s**t. “It'll be serious. “It'll be funny, but right now I'm going to tell some jokes.” Hours earlier, on Wednesday, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences released a statement in which they detailed how they asked Will to leave the venue at the star-studded event, but that he “refused”. DON'T MISS:Liz Hurley absent from Shane Warne’s emotional memorial service [LATEST]Paul Herman dead: Goodfellas and Sopranos actor dies at 76 [NEWS]'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [UPDATE] The Academy are also deciding whether or not to revoke Will’s Oscar for Best Actor, which he was presented with on the evening. Will was awarded the Oscar for his portrayal of Venus and Serena Williams’ father in King Richard and apologised to the Academy during a tearful acceptance speech. Richard Williams has said that he “doesn’t condone” Will’s actions. Will has also apologised to Chris Rock in a social media post since. On Tuesday, rapper Sean “Diddy” Combs said that the feud between Chris and Will had been resolved, but Chris’ brother, Tony, has taken to Twitter to suggest that this isn’t the case. In view of his 101,000 followers, Tony replied to a fellow social media user who had asked if Diddy was "lying". Twitter user, Breesymone wrote: “@TonyRock so Diddy was lying when he said Chris and Will made up that night and are good now?” Tony replied: "Yep."