The fears were expressed by North Korean sources speaking to Daily NK, a paper based in South Korea with sources in the secretive state. A North Korean official also claimed that Ukraine would never have been invaded if it had kept its Soviet nuclear weapon stash. Daily NK reported: “Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine, more and more party cadres in North Korea say Pyongyang can never abandon its nuclear weapons. “North Korea is apparently growing more attached to its nuclear arsenal since the crisis in Ukraine. "The consensus among high-ranking North Korean cadres is that the Ukraine crisis began when Kyiv abandoned its nuclear arsenal." Ukraine agreed to give up their nuclear weapons alongside Belarus and Kazakhstan in the 1994 Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances - a set of agreements which also prohibited the use of military force or economic coercion by Russia, the UK and the US towards the three countries. Ukraine previously held about a third of the Soviet nuclear arsenal. The reveal of North Korea’s fears for their reliance on nuclear weapons came after satellite images revealed new activity at the country’s nuclear testing site in Punggye-ri. The site was last used for a detonation in 2017, but was officially closed in 2018. However, speculation arose about whether the facility was left in a state in which it could be easily restored, as no international inspectors were able to view the closure. A statement issued by North Korea in January said that the country was examining “the issue of restarting all temporarily-suspended activities.” The report added: “The construction and repair work indicate that North Korea has made some decision about the status of the test site. "One possibility is that North Korea plans to bring the test site back to a state of readiness to resume nuclear explosive testing.” READ MORE: Putin warned he could be ousted from power: 'Had enough!' [INSIGHT] Analysis of the satellite images from the James Martin Centre for Nonproliferation Studies reported: “How long it would take North Korea to resume explosive testing at the site depends on the extent of the damage to the tunnels themselves, something we do not know with confidence. “It is also possible that North Korea will resume nuclear testing at another location.” The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) also reported on Monday that there was building work at the Yongbyon nuclear power plant, which produces material for nuclear weapons. The South Korean ambassador to Ukraine Lee Yang-goo stated that Russia’s invasion has fatally damaged efforts towards denuclearisation in North Korea. Speaking to NK News, he said: "North Korea already did not have much willingness to denuclearise. DON'T MISS: Ukraine: WHO warn of worsening health crisis [REVEAL]'Putin has lost touch!' 1.2m Russians sign anti-war petition [INSIGHT]Question Time: 'I almost laughed' EU row erupts - fiery backlash [ANALYSIS] "But looking at the graphic scenes coming out of Ukraine, Pyongyang will further solidify their internal and external justification for possessing nuclear weapons. "Now, after this crisis, it will be difficult for any country to make a denuclearisation pitch to North Korea. "North Koreans think that nuclear weapons are the absolute saviour of the country." North Korea has in the past condemned the US for the invasion of Ukraine, rather than Russia, and were one of only four countries to vote against resolution to condemn the invasion in a UN vote on March 2.