Arsenal have reportedly held initial talks with Bukayo Saka over a new long-term contract at the club. However, the Gunners face an 'anxious wait' as it is believed no decision over the England star's future will be made until the end of the season. Saka has enjoyed another stellar campaign which has seen his profile continue to soar. The 20-year-old struck the winner in Arsenal's 1-0 triumph over Aston Villa at the weekend to reach double figures for goals for the first time in his career, and strengthen his side's grip on a top-four finish. The winger has emerged as one of the brightest talents in Premier League football and, with his current deal set to expire in 2024, Arsenal are keen to tie him down to a longer contract at the club. It has now emerged that discussions over fresh terms have already been held. According to the Daily Mail, Arsenal made their opening gambit to secure Saka's long-term future by broaching the subject of a new contract with the player's representatives last week. These discussions are believed to be at a very early stage with the North London club yet to table an official offer. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win  This appears to be down to the fact Saka will not make a decision on his future until the end of the season. The Gunners have made extending the attacker's contract a key objective on their list of summer priorities, however face an anxious wait to discover the England starlet's plans for the future. That future could well hinge on what happens during the remainder of this current campaign. Following Saka's Villa Park exploits, Arsenal remain on course to secure a top-four Premier League finish and a subsequent return to Champions League football next season. DON'T MISSMan Utd looking set for Erik ten Hag appointment after new developments [REPORT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions[QUOTES]Arsenal's £184m transfer mission on three signings will provide true test for Arteta [OPINION] The Gunners have experienced a remarkable resurgence under Mikel Arteta this campaign and a return to Europe's elite club competition for the first time since the 2016-17 season appears to be on the cards. Arteta's side currently occupy fourth spot and sit three points above their fierce North London rivals Tottenham, having played a game more than Antonio Conte's men. Manchester United remain a further point behind them, however Arsenal are scheduled to play both of their immediate fellow top-four challengers before the season is out. The Gunners will be hoping Saka can continue to inspire them to a high-placed finish before committing his future to the club come the summer. 