As men are stuck fighting in the war zone, women and children are trying to escape daily. More than two million people have now fled Ukraine because of the Russian invasion. Helping these refugees, volunteers and charities have put together lists of “essential” items that you can donate to aid Ukrainians. Although many of these include requests for sanitary products, they can often go “overlooked”, shared Afsaneh Parvizi-Wayne, founder of period care product company Freda. That’s why Parvizi-Wayne has decided to use her business to allow customers to buy and donate period products exactly to those Ukrainians that need them. She said: "I’m from a refugee background and the difference between this refugee crisis is that they're almost all women. “Period products are more than often overlooked, so when people ask for aid, you get blankets, you get a lot of stuff, but somehow people don't think of period products. “You get two million women, you know, how many are bound to have their periods?” The founder of Freda decided to use her platform to help to “raise awareness” on this issue and make sure women don’t have to face the risks that come with period poverty. READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine side effects: New documents uncover a shocking 158,000 adverse events  The doctor explained: “This can lead to an increased risk of vaginal, uterine, and bladder infections as well as skin breakdown and skin infections. “These infections can contribute to infertility and if untreated, sometimes, are so severe they lead to hospitalisation.” The reason why using products that aren’t meant for your period can be harmful comes down to blood absorption. Dr Lincoln said: “The blood sits on the paper in direct contact with your sensitive vulvar skin, instead of being wicked away and trapped in the core of a pad, for example. This becomes a fantastic place for bacteria to breed and do harm.” The expert compiled a list of warning signs, warranting medical help, for menstruators to look out for: Samano explains that “this isn’t a small problem, it’s huge”, but the good news is that you can help, even from the UK. She continued: “We need to make sure period poverty for Ukrainian women and girls is on the news agenda.” You can find a donation point in your local area or opt for period product companies like Freda. To explain the behind-the-scenes machinery, Parvizi-Wayne broke down how it works: “The customer goes on [the website] and they can pick whatever [option]. We've given an indication, for example, 15 pounds always buys a box of… eco pads. “Then, at the end of the week we just top up how many we've got. Last [time], we delivered 70 kilos to a convoy that was leaving for Moldova and we are now putting stuff together to deliver to a convoy that's leaving for Poland.” Samano concluded: “If you are kind enough to donate products to the war efforts in Ukraine, I implore you to add period care to your shopping list.” She shared a list of places where you can make donations in London area: https://uksupportsukraine.notion.site/uksupportsukraine/London-Humanitarian-In-kind-donations-for-Ukraine-d81d513b209647c1a89c41b7f3156dd4