Bridgerton is back with season two now ready to watch on Netflix after coming out in full on Friday, March 25. This time around, the drama focuses on the eldest sibling Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) and his search for love. As he tries to move forward, viewers get to find out more about his past and how his dad Edmund's (Rupert Evans) death affected his life. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Bridgerton. Anthony had previously never wanted to get too close to anyone, prior to opera singer Sienna Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett) in the first series. So when she rejects him, telling Anthony that their relationship would never work because of the difference in class, he is left heartbroken. In season two, Anthony dusts himself off and opens his heart again to find another with some encouragement from his mum Lady Violet (Ruth Gemmell). As the second series goes on, fans are treated to flashback moments that explain why Anthony is the way he is. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? These windows to the past show how Edmund had a very important role, not only as a husband and father but as a Viscount. But when Anthony was just 18, he and the rest of the Bridgerton were left stunned at his unexpected death. Edmund died at Aubrey Hall from a bee sting as he was allergic and there was nothing the doctors could do to save him. As a result of Anthony being the eldest son, he had to take over the role of Viscount. The flashbacks showed that this meant making a lot of tough decisions at such a young age. One of which happened shortly after his father's death when his mum went into labour with his youngest sister Hyacinth. As the man of the house, the doctor asked if he wanted to save his mum or Hyacinth's life due to complications. Thankfully, everything turned out alright but this would have been a traumatising moment in his life if one of them died, potentially because of a decision he made. DON'T MISS...Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? [AGE]Victoria Derbyshire red-faced after Bridgerton steamy scenes probe [CAST]Bridgerton's Simone Ashley admits she and co-star exchanged gifts [EXPLAINER] Fans can see how Edmund's death has impacted some of Anthony's actions in season two. While playing a game, Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) accidentally hits a ball against his father's memorial at Aubrey Hall which causes his mood to darken. When a bee also flies close to her, he aggressively swats it away to protect Kate. She thinks this is a romantic gesture but has no idea that he has a fear of bees because of what happened to his dad. Bridgerton has already been confirmed for a third season and according to creator Shonda Rhimes, fans won't have to wait too long for its return. She teased to Pop Buzz: "We're already working on season three so we can have a shorter time between seasons." Next time, the limelight will be on Benedict Bridgerton (Luke Thompson) and his mission to find Sophie Beckett, a woman he met at a masquerade ball. Bridgerton seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix.