 Last of the Summer Wine was a hit with viewers and is famed as the longest-running comedy programme in Britain. Having first began in January 1973, the series sadly came to an end in 2010. Many fans still enjoy watching repeat episodes of the classic comedy. But, as the show ended well over a decade ago, what happened to its cast? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know.   The hit comedy followed the antics of three elderly men who try their best to cling on to their youth. Cosmo, Cleggy, and Foggy were adored by viewers, but what happened to the actors when the show came to an end? Peter Sallis took on the role of Cleggy when the show first launched in 1973. The actor is the only star to have appeared in every single episode of Last of the Summer Wine. Away from the comedy series, Peter is well known as the voice of Wallace in the Wallace and Gromit films and TV shows. Two years after Last of the Summer Wine came to an end, Peter retired from acting. He eventually died in June 2017 at the age of 96. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv?    Bill Owen played the lovable Compo in Last of The Summer Wine between 1973 and his death in 1999. The iconic comedy actor died of pancreatic and bowel cancer and as a result his final scenes were broadcast in 2000. Before starring in the hit show, Bill found success as a regular in the early Carry On films. Alongside his acting work, Bill was also a songwriter in the 1960s, with compositions including Marianne, which was recorded by Cliff Richard.   Brian Wilde starred as Foggy in the comedy series when it began in 1973. He took a break from Last of the Summer Wine in 1985 to pursue other projects. However, he later made a comeback to the series by rejoining the cast in 1990. The actor is also famous for playing Mr Barrowclough in Porridge alongside comedy icon Ronnie Barker. Brian left Last of the Summer Wine for the final time in 1997 after enduring a period of illness. The actor died in 2008 after suffering a fall. DON'T MISS...EastEnders twist sees Mick Carter arrested for Gray’s murder? [SPOILERS]Outlander's Sam Heughan rules out James Bond role [INSIGHT]Emmerdale twist as Manpreet Sharma’s jailed for murder? [THEORY]   Actress Kathy Staff played the comical Nora in Last of the Summer Wine. She left the show briefly in 1999 following the death of her co-star Bill, but later returned to the cast. She continued acting in the hit show until her death in 2008. Fans may also recognise her from her work in Coronation Street, Open All Hours and The Benny Hill Show.   Scottish actor Robert Fyfe played Howard in the comedy series between 1985 and 2010. After leaving the show, Robert went on to work on several other TV projects. The star appeared in Misfits as Harry in 2009 and played Malcolm Lagg in Coronation Street back in 2012. In 2017, Robert played Bernard in Sky One’s sitcom Carters Get Rich alongside Dawson's Creek star James Van Der Beek. The popular actor died in September 2021 at the age of 90. Last of the Summer Wine is available to stream on BritBox. 