Liz Truss has put plans to trigger Article 16 over the Northern Ireland protocol on ice. The Foreign Secretary has written to the Prime Minister outlining plans that will help prevent a rift with the EU at a time when international unity is paramount due to the ongoing war in Ukraine. Article 16, one of the key clauses of the UK’s Brexit agreement, allows either side to take unilateral action if the protocol is causing “serious economic, societal or environmental difficulties”. There has been speculation it could be triggered over the much-maligned Northern Ireland protocol, which governs how goods are transported between the EU and UK on the island of Ireland. Negotiations have been ongoing for several months now, as both sides attempt to hash out a reconfiguring of the protocol that will work for them. But the UK has insisted the legal threshold for its enactment was reached months ago, and Ms Truss has previously said the protocol is likely to be used if “acute problems” persisted.  READ MORE: Boris warns EU ‘significant changes’ needed on hated Brexit deal Part of Ms Truss’ plan is to avoid the triggering of Article 16 altogether if possible, particularly at this delicate time in international relations. Avoiding confrontation with the EU has been prioritised by Ms Truss while the conflict in Ukraine continues. Ms Truss's letter to Mr Johnson is understood to have set out two possible options. The first, bringing an abrupt end to ongoing negotiations and triggering Article 16 now. The other is holding off enacting it and instead deploying an economic stimulus package to help firms losing out due to the NI protocol. This would include tax breaks and a "unilateral green lane", allowing goods that would remain in the UK to cross the Irish Sea with as little paperwork as possible. Earlier this month, former Brexit minister Steve Baker, warned that it would be "risible" to stop the shelving of Article 16 until later this year because of the war in Ukraine.  DON'T MISSJayne Adye points out flaw in Truss's Brexit talks with EU [REPORT]Boris warns EU ‘significant changes’ needed on hated Brexit deal [INSIGHT]Brexit Britain handed energy boost with new 'mini nuclear reactors’ [REPORT] An ally of Ms Truss said: "Liz's top priority in all of this is defending peace and stability in Northern Ireland and protecting the Union. "The EU aren't showing enough pragmatism, so she's exploring unilateral measures to ease the pressures on the ground. “Article 16 remains very much on the table – she is 100 percent prepared to use it – but it's right we look at other measures like tax breaks and 'unilateral green lane' measures.” If Article 16 were to be triggered, it is likely to be after the war in Ukraine is over - but no one knows how long this could take.