Manchester United hero Paul Parker has backed his former club to consider selling Harry Maguire in the summer. The centre-back has had a tough season at Old Trafford, with the Red Devils' leaky defence forcing David De Gea to pull off more top-class saves than ever. His prospective exit does not have to spell disaster for United though, as Parker believes that they already have two stars who could steady the ship. United delighted fans by luring in Raphael Varane from Real Madrid last summer, with the World Cup winner still in the prime years of his career. His arrival has resulted in less game time for Victor Lindelof who, having frustrated Red Devils fans in the past, has been left frustrated himself this campaign while waiting for opportunities on the bench. The Swede could have a route back into the fold, however, with Maguire's tough season prompting questions over his future at the club. Despite banking his fair share of positive memories in red, the colossal £80million price tag which came with a lucrative move from Leicester in 2019 has proven hard to get away from. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp offers Thiago Alcantara injury update and reveals return date Behind the scenes, interim boss Ralf Rangnick supposedly harbours concerns over the defender's ability to lead a title-winning team. A summer sale therefore remains on the cards, and Parker, who spoke exclusively to Express Sport in conjunction with bettingexpert, suggested that his former club would be unwise to dismiss the prospect, with two capable deputies already waiting to assume more responsbility.  "If United, in my opinion, were to get somewhere near to their money back on Harry Maguire, I think they'll have to think about it," he said. "I think [Victor] Lindelof and [Raphael] Varane, you know, they could build something on there maybe, in a mode of what they're looking for and where the club wants to be. DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours "You're talking about players who are definitely more agile, a little bit quicker, better defenders in one against one situations and I think you have to look at it that way. "I don't know if it's going to happen. Me, personally, for United to go forward, that's the starting area.  "But again the same old scenario - you don't want the manager coming in and all of a sudden, he comes in, he wants to do stuff and then he stops, the people above stop him from doing what he wants to do and then United go through the same stories." If United hesitate on handing Varane and Lindelof more responsibility in the event of Maguire's departure, delving into the summer market remains a possibility. The Mirror claim that Chelsea's Antonio Rudiger has already perked Rangnick's interest, with his contract due to expire at the end of the season. The German continues to make Blues fans sweat over his future, having spoken about his career in terms of 'chapters'. United would have to fend off rival interest from Real Madrid and PSG to secure his services, while Chelsea are sure to continue efforts to keep him tied down at Stamford Bridge. Missing out may become irrelevant if Parker is proven correct, with two potential in-house solutions already poised to shoulder more defensive burden if Maguire is axed in the summer. Paul Parker was speaking to Express Sport on behalf of bettingexpert.