A Ukrainian refugee has erupted into tears when confronted with the generosity of the British public. An emotional Ania broke down whilst talking to talkRADIO's Rob Rinder about the fact 50,000 British families want to help people in Ukraine like her fleeing the Russian invasion. Mr Rinder asked: "There are 50,000 British families who want to help all Ukrainians. "What's your message to them?" Ania began to reply before breaking down in tears. A translator added: "She wants to say thank you she sincerely grateful for every that you are doing." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG Mr Rinder told the woman: "The British people would welcome you. "If you can get a visa that'd be more than happy to welcome you. "Thank you for speaking to us and we wish you the best of luck for the future." More than 120,000 individuals and organisations have expressed an interest in taking in Ukrainian refugees, the Government has said.  According to the latest figures from the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, 122,305 expressions of interest have been received by the Homes for Ukraine programme. The response to the scheme, which encourages members of the public to throw open their homes to people fleeing the fighting in Ukraine, comes amid intense criticism of the Government's response to the refugee crisis. Downing Street welcomed the "huge" public response to the appeal for accommodation as a sign of the support in the UK for the Ukrainian people. The new scheme aims to match refugees with individuals, charities, and other organisations that can provide accommodation for at least six months. DON'T MISS:Ukraine growing 'desperate' to recruit more soldiers to fight Russia [WATCH]Chernobyl crisis: Lukashenko turns on Putin to secure nuclear plant [REACTION]UK's Russian sanctions in FULL - Every oligarch facing action today [INSIGHT] Ukrainians without family ties in the UK will be able to enter the UK. The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "We have seen a huge response from the British public. "The Prime Minister welcomes the generosity of the British people. "We knew when we opened the scheme that there would be an outpouring of support but the speed of the uptake and the strength of the interest in this is massively welcome and a sign to the Ukrainian people of the level of support there is for them."