Louise Minchin, 53, shared a touching message to her brave colleagues covering the Ukraine war. The star left BBC Breakfast last year after 20 years on the show, and has since gone on to launch several podcasts and as well as appearing on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here. However, despite leaving the broadcaster, Louise was keen to share her respect for her former co-stars. Taking to social media last night, the presenter admitted she was feeling “pain and anguish” over Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. In particular, she praised those covering the war on the front line, Clive Myrie and Lyse Douchet. She wrote: “I don’t feel I have the right words for the pain and anguish over what is happening in #Ukraine. READ MORE: Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics  “But one of those who does is my former colleague @bbclysedoucet whose reporting is sensitive and heart wrenching as is that of @CliveMyrieBBC. “My heart goes out to everybody affected.” Canadian journalist Lyse is the BBC's Chief International Correspondent. Clive is a BBC journalist and presenter who is also currently reporting from Kyiv. DON'T MISS...   Both correspondents were filmed having to put on flak jackets during a live broadcast last week. This came as their broadcast was interrupted by sirens. Clive spoke about reporting from Ukraine in a recent interview with PA News Agency. He said last week: “None of us are stupid enough to stay out there reporting while bullets are raining down that would be madness and frankly no story is worth that. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden suffers blunder as she flashes legs in skintight dress [PICTURES]Kelvin Fletcher on wife Liz's sad reaction to big decision [INSIGHT]James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [INSIGHT]   “But the advice was we could still keep broadcasting as long as we took the minimal protection of putting on safety gear. “So that’s what we did and it meant we could continue telling the story, getting that across to our viewers so that they understand what is going on.” Following on from Louise’s tweets, many of her fans and colleagues also replied. Lyse was quick to respond to her former colleague’s kind words, saying: “Oh thank you dear Louise.” CeriG penned: “When Lyse and Clive begin reporting from a bunker you appreciate their utter commitment to this work.  “Excellence in reporting, hoping they and their crews stay safe.” Angela Leightley added: “My heart sinks when @CliveMyrieBBC and @bbclysedoucet reporting from Ukraine. “Please stay safe both of you, watched last night when you both were underground, you both look exhausted, sending my love to you both.” A third user named Iamgb61 wrote: “Keep safe to both. How they are managing to report so professionally, I don't know.” 