P&O Ferries fired 800 staff on Thursday with a plan to replace them with cheaper agency workers, with reports suggesting the Dubai-owned company will pay new employees £1.81. Following the scandal, MPs have criticised the company and unions have demanded workers’ rights be improved. Remainers have claimed P&O sacking its staff is a result of Brexit, although there has been no erosion of workers' rights since leaving the EU on December 31 2020. In the Brexit trade deal, there is a non-regression clause where the UK agreed not to reduce employment rights below the standards held on leaving in a manner that would affect trade or investment. Despite that, Twitter users claimed Brexit was behind the sackings, with @PhyllisPhil writing: “This Whole disgraceful sacking of # P&O staff is a direct result of the con they call Brexit. “All the protection of the EU employment law rights are gone. Brexit was just a con to help the rich to get richer.” User @Matt_JE7 added: “The P&O situation is a Brexit backers wet-dream. Fire at will, rehire on the cheap with less rights. “Pity those who voted for Brexit expecting an 'up the workers' type environment…” Camilla Tominey, writing for the Telegraph, said “naturally, Remainiacs could not resist blaming the crisis on our exit from the EU, for no obvious reason whatsoever”. She noted: “They ignored entirely the pandemic-sized hole that Covid has left in P&O Ferries’ finances. “The business made a £100million loss year on year because of coronavirus travel restrictions.” She also said she could not “Emmanuel Macron’s ludicrous omicron ban on the English travelling to France before Christmas will have helped much either”. READ MORE: Government threatens to axe contracts with P&O after mass sacking Ms Tominey then pointed out “P&O Ferries is ultimately owned by Dubai-based giant DP World”, and noted the company “which only last week announced ‘record results’, with sales up 25 percent to $10.8billion”. She continued in the outlet: “Run by Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem, DP World is reportedly spending more than £100million to be title sponsor for the 2022 European Golf Tour. “A foreign-based company seeking to replace British workers with cheaper labour is not a consequence of us leaving the EU. “In fact, it’s the sort of behaviour that caused millions of people to vote for Brexit in the first place. “More than that, one of the ways the Government might now be able to penalise DP World actually comes thanks to the referendum result – since it can take away lucrative contracts to operate two of the UK’s planned freeport schemes. “But you won’t hear many Remainers admitting to that.” Karl Turner, Labour MP for Hull East told the Commons it is Boris Johnson’s fault P&O sacked its staff. He said: "This day has been coming for a long time. I spent years, years, telling anyone that was prepared to listen to me about the unscrupulous employers using loopholes and ambiguities in maritime law to get away with gross exploitation. "If this was happening to any workers in any business on the mainland it wouldn't just be illegal, it would be the most grotesque act of illegality in industrial relations most any lawyer or indeed most any employment tribunal judge would have seen." The Hull East MP, whose constituency has been affected by the sackings, added: "It is the fault of the Prime Minister and his Government. "The ideology of small state, leave it to the market, full speed ahead and devil take the hindmost, Thatcherite philosophy which defends and incentivises this shocking corporate arrogance and this most malicious act of violence on workers rights is their absolute shame." The RMT union, which represents many P&O staffers who were fired, claimed replacement seafarers from abroad are being paid as little as £1.80 an hour. P&O Ferries reportedly dispute the figures, but also declined to discuss the rates or give alternative rates as the crew are employed by a third-party agency. It also comes as the Dubai-based owner of P&O Ferries is expected to benefit from at least £50m of UK taxpayer support as part of the Government’s freeport programme. DP World, the Emirati logistics giant behind P&O, runs the UK’s second- and third-biggest shipping terminals at Southampton and London Gateway. Under the plans, each site will receive £25million of seed capital funding from the public purse to upgrade infrastructure, as part of the scheme championed by Chancellor Rishi Sunak.