Lawns tend to be ignored during the winter months, due to the weather being poor and the grass in dormancy. However, spring officially begins on March 20, which means now is the perfect time to start tending to the lawn after a cold winter. Experts at Johnsons Lawn Seed have shared lawn jobs gardeners should be doing now, including removing moss and mowing the lawn. The experts explained: “Provided the weather is more temperate, you are sure to notice the entire garden spring to life in March and you can be sure that the weeds will be just as keen to get ahead as your fruit and veg seedlings. “It is also a certainty that your lawn grass will be in need of a serious haircut by this time so given the amount of work you’re likely to have on your plate, try to start organising things early in the month so you can get a head start. “Pull up weeds as soon as you can, there is no time like the present. “The longer you leave them, the worse they will get, with roots burrowing even deeper and heads climbing even higher. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation “It is best to pull them up by the roots if you can, to both limit their ability to reproduce and cut down on the use of potentially harmful chemicals.” Johnsons Lawn Seed also recommended continuing to remove thatch, which is dead organic matter. This is an “important” job to keep on top of because thatch layers prevent sunlight, moisture and nutrition from penetrating the grass roots. The experts said to rake the grass to give it the best chance of “thriving”. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share ‘trick’ to remove blood stains from bed sheets [COMMENT]Peace Lily: How to get your houseplant to flower this spring [EXPERT]‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [EXPLAINER] One common problem UK lawns face is moss, and it can cause a huge range of different problems. Johnsons Lawn Seed experts explained: “Those jobs which didn’t get completed in February, such as clearing moss, could be a problem by now if your lawn is prone to it. “Thriving on damp surfaces and managing without roots, moss is very common, potentially growing in abundance anywhere from lawn grass to high up on walls and trees.” According to the experts, this can indicate poor health. Moss can be treated by using specific products, and it may take a week or two for the moss to completely die. The experts added: “Take care though, because if you try to rake it off before it has completely died, all you will do is spread it around the garden again, especially if it is still sporing.” Once all of these jobs have been completed, gardeners are advised to start their mowing regime once again. Grass starts growing once temperatures rise above six degrees celsius, which means many lawns will need cutting again. Johnsons Lawn Seed said: “If you followed our advice by preparing your mower earlier in the year, it should be primed and ready to go as soon as your grass needs a haircut. “Ensure your mower is on the highest cutting height and take care not to cut more than a third of the grass blades in one session, or you will risk harming it.” Aerating the lawn is also recommended, which helps provide the soil with good air circulation and improve the nutrient consumption. The job can be done using a core aerator or a steel spike aerator, making sure to cover the lawn completely in one direction and go back over it in a perpendicular motion.