 BBC soap fans have been keeping a close eye on Jean Slater (played by Gillian Wright) on EastEnders in recent weeks. Her daughter Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) has been growing increasingly concerned about her health, believing she’s going through a manic episode after spotting some worrying behaviour. According to official soap spoilers, Jean will soon cause more trouble in Albert Square. Will her shocking actions end up pushing her love interest Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman) away?    In recent weeks Jean has been refusing to believe her daughter's claims about her mental health. As a result, Jean cut Stacey out of her life, telling Harvey that she’s “dead” to her. However, Jean’s reckless behaviour could soon become too much for Harvey to handle as she spirals further out of control. In upcoming scenes on EastEnders, Harvey warns Jean not to meddle with Rocky Cotton (Brian Conley) and Kathy Beale’s (Gillian Taylforth) relationship. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith  However, desperate to reunite the former couple, Jean soon ignores Harvey’s pleas and takes the responsibility of matchmaking into her own hands. Spotting an opportunity, Jean punctures Kathy’s tyre and suggests Rocky should drive her to Tina Carter’s (Luisa Bradshaw-White) funeral. Kathy swiftly heads over to see Rocky at the car lot, hoping to catch a lift. However, before they can sort everything out, the duo realise they are locked inside. Outside, Jean walks away satisfied with her antics.    Later on, still stuck in the locked car lot, Rocky and Kathy share a drink and the pair begin to reconcile their relationship. Meanwhile, Harvey learns of what Jean has done and rushes over to free Rocky and Kathy. After being freed from the lot, Rocky jokes about what happened leading a furious Kathy to believe he planned the whole thing. Harvey urges Jean to tell Kathy the truth about what she did, but her seemingly rude attitude angers Kathy. DON'T MISS...Maureen Lipman opens up on grief after losing her partner [MUST SEE]Phillip Schofield scolds Holly as cooking segment goes awry [WATCH]‘Hypocritical!' Camilla Tominey slams Oscars for applauding Will Smith [UPDATE]  Watching on, Stacey clocks the interaction and confides her concerns in Eve Unwin (Heather Peace). Jean also comes clean to Rocky and he kindly forgives her for her troublesome actions. However, Jean mistakes Rocky’s friendliness as flirting and soon follows him into the toilets. Later in the week, Jean is on a mission to look after Harvey, making Rocky feel uncomfortable. Rocky soon opens up to Stacey, revealing what happened with Jean. This pushes Stacey to do all she can to help her mum.   Rocky’s guilt eventually gets the better of him as he listens to a hopeful Harvey talk about his future with Jean. Will Rocky come clean about what happened? Harvey will likely be left heartbroken if he discovers Jean tried to proposition Rocky. Could Jean’s behaviour lead Harvey to break off their relationship? EastEnders continues Wednesday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 