Jadon Sancho has identified three leaders at Manchester United amid his improved form under Ralf Rangnick. The England international has often struggled for consistency since his blockbuster summer arrival from Borussia Dortmund. Yet he’s presently enjoying his football, emerging as a vital asset as the Red Devils look to salvage something from their season. At the fourth time of asking, United were finally able to land Sancho during the summer transfer window. They’d initially hoped to land the forward back in 2017, when Jose Mourinho was manager and Sancho was strutting his stuff at Manchester City. In the end he moved to Dortmund, however, having been promised regular game time over at the Westfalenstadion. United then tried to sign Sancho in 2019 following the appointment of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, only for their lack of Champions League football to count against them. In 2020, United again eyed a deal. Yet Dortmund priced them out of a move and it wasn’t until 12 months later they were finally able to land their man, paying £73million to bring the 21-year-old to Old Trafford. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Sancho has endured a slow start at the club. But he’s finally come good in recent weeks, with the England international clearly enjoying his football under Rangnick. Now, speaking to club media, he’s singled out leaders Cristiano Ronaldo, Paul Pogba and Raphael Varane for helping him on a daily basis. "I’m here with a lot of great players and I’m learning from the best,” said the forward, who will be hoping to start his side’s match with City on Sunday. "You’ve got Cristiano Ronaldo, Paul Pogba, Raphael Varane… all these guys have won major trophies and just being in the changing room with them gives you a blessed feeling. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message "I’m definitely learning from them, on and off the pitch, especially in terms of their recovery and how they make themselves better. “I’m taking in all the information I can and trying to put it into my game." Sancho has been performing well for United but did find himself benched for the goalless draw with Watford on Saturday afternoon. He does feel, though, that rest is key when it comes to maintaining form. "For sure, I feel like that’s very important, especially when you’ve got games back to back,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “You need your legs and especially when you’re a winger – I need to get up and down the pitch. "I definitely need my legs to recover as quickly as possible to go again. “It’s definitely important and I’m just trying to be a better version of myself." Sancho’s good performances have come at a crucial time for United. They remain in contention to qualify for the Champions League, though their goalless draw with Watford did deal a blow to their hopes on that front. They’re also gunning for glory in Europe’s top-tier club competition, having drawn 1-1 with Atletico Madrid last week. And Sancho’s improvement hasn’t gone unnoticed among his team-mates. United star Luke Shaw, speaking after a recent 1-1 draw with Southampton, hailed Sancho by saying: “It wasn’t going to be easy for him, it’s tough to settle in, not too many settle in straight away, his form is picking up really well, he’s really impressing me at the moment, impressing everyone and he needs to keep that up. "I know he can get better and better, he’s doing really well, he needs to keep his head up and keep his confidence. “You can see his confidence is high and he’s improving and getting better and better."