The new interest rate of 0.70 percent AER will come into effect from Thursday March 17. These rates are available to existing customers as well as new ones who want to start saving and investing. Nationwide Building Society is the latest high street provider to make changes to its ISAs and savings accounts to keep them competitive. The One Year Triple Access Online ISA accepts transfers, so customers can transfer balances from other Nationwide ISAs or from an ISA account with a different provider. Customers can make three withdrawals during the 12-month term. However, any more withdrawals than this and the interest rate will revert to 0.01 percent for the remainder of the period. READ MORE: Yorkshire Building Society offers chance to win £1,500 every month Nationwide will also be launching new issues of its one and two-year fixed rate ISAs, Bonds and Online Bonds. 1 Year Fixed Rate ISA – 0.50 percent AER/tax-free (fixed)1 Year Fixed Rate Bond/Online Bond – 0.50 percent AER/gross per annum (fixed)2 Year Fixed Rate ISA – 1.00 percent AER/tax-free (fixed)2 Year Fixed Rate Bond/Online Bond – 1.00 percent AER/tax-free (fixed). DON'T MISS:‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [UPDATE]Shoppers warned as credit and debit cards could decline from Monday [WARNING]Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [INSIGHT] The rates are available for balances of £1 or more and monthly interest options are available on fixed rate ISAs and bonds (excluding online bonds) for those who prefer to get a regular income from their savings. The Society’s Fixed Rate ISAs also accept transfers, so people can move ISA balances from other providers or from an existing Nationwide ISA. Tom Riley, Director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide Building Society, said it’s a good time to open one of these accounts as the end of the tax year is approaching. He said: “Savers will often wait until this time of year to fully utilise their ISA allowance so, with the end of the tax year fast approaching, we have decided to increase the rate on our Triple Access Online ISA." He continued: “The new rate means we are offering savers the opportunity to use their ISA allowance in a product providing a competitive rate coupled with the ability to access their money when needed. “ISAs remain an important product for many savers, as interest from a cash ISA doesn’t count towards your Personal Savings Allowance, so it remains a tax efficient way to save for the short or long term. "However, for those who may have already used their ISA allowance for this year, we are also increasing the rate on our Triple Access Online Saver. “We also like to give savers a choice of products in which to save their money, which is why we are also launching a new range of one and two-year fixed rate products.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The accounts can be opened and managed online and have a minimum operating balance of £1. After one year, they automatically switch to one of Nationwide’s instant access accounts. People can also get up to £125 for switching to a Nationwide current account. It’s possible to switch to Nationwide in seven working days using the Current Account Switch Service.