Rishi Sunak, Chancellor of the exchequer, delivered his spring statement from the House of Commons on Wednesday, where he outlined what Britons can expect as they anticipate a cost of living squeeze. Mr Sunak focussed lowering petrol prices and deliver some short term relief to those threatened by extended financial hardship in a now widely ridiculed mini budget. The country's richest MP remains under pressure to scrap some of the Conservative Party's planned tax raises this year. Mr Sunak's speech comes at a time the Government is under intense pressure due to living standards - with rising prices across the board. Petrol and Diesel costs are through the roof, with energy and food prices rising in kind. The struggle ahead for millions of Britons is defined by the highest inflation rate in three decades. As the Chancellor prepares to deliver his statement, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said inflation has hit 6.2 percent. READ MORE: BBC QT audience member goes into Tory tirade after slamming Sunak Although millions of people in the UK are currently struggling financially, Rishi Sunak is not one of them. The MP for Richmond has previously topped MP rich lists thanks to his affluent previous career as a banker. Mr Sunak, 40, attained an MBA from Stanford University and took up a position as an investment banker with Goldman Sachs between 2001 and 2004. After dipping his toes in hedge fund management, he worked with firm Theleme Partners from 2010. According to Politics Home, the firm had an initial fund of $700 million (£501 million). He also worked as a director for Catamaran Ventures, a firm owned by his father-in-law Nagavara Ramarao Narayana Murthy. Mr Murthy praised his son-in-law as he won in 2015. He said in a statement to Business Standard: "I am very happy that Rishi has won convincingly in Richmond-Yorks with such a majority. "He and Akshata (his wife) worked very hard, beat the pavement and communicated his merit, integrity and his vision for his constituency." As an MP, Mr Sunak's base salary is £79,468, excluding his Chancellor's salary of £71,090. But The Sun estimates he is worth more than ten times these salaries combined. The publication alleged he has a total net worth of £200 million. Much of this income is allegedly from an impressive property portfolio he holds with his wife. She is equally wealthy thanks to her own investments, spiking the Sunak household balance. Akshata Murthy has shares in her father's firm Infosys worth £430 million. Ms Murthy once worked in finance as well and runs a fashion label named Ashkata designs. According to the Daily Mirror, she also has a 4.5 percent stake in Digme Fitness Limited. An investigation from The Guardian found his wife's family did not declare a "multimillion-pound portfolio of shareholdings and directorships" required by the ministerial code. According to a Government source, Helen MacNamara, former head of the Government's propriety and ethics team, said she was satisfied with what Mr Sunak and his wife had presented.