Chelsea could miss out on signing their top summer transfer target Jules Kounde if the club is not sold quickly, according to reports. Kounde, 23, has been on the club’s radar for some time due to his impressive performances for Sevilla. The Frenchman has developed into one of the brightest young defensive talents in Europe following his move to La Liga from Bordeaux in 2019. And according to the Daily Star, before Roman Abramovich announced his intention to sell the club, Chelsea were frontrunners to sign Kounde in a move worth up to £60million. The same outlet says the Blues had even received assurances that Kounde would reject interest from other clubs in favour of a move to Chelsea. However, the financial restrictions placed on the club by the UK government means Kounde’s future remains up in the air. The 23-year-old started in the first-leg of Sevilla’s last-16 Europa League clash with West Ham last week and is expected to line up against the Premier League side at the London Stadium on Thursday. Sevilla come into the second-leg with a 1-0 lead thanks to Munir El Haddadi’s winner at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan last time out. JUST IN: Chelsea may have their own Robin van Persie in star who Rio Ferdinand loves watching  The Star also claims that a deal to sign Kounde was not the only transfer plan boss Thomas Tuchel had up his sleeve. Tuchel is said to have wanted to sign no fewer than three new players in the summer, which would have been helped by the sale of some of his current crop. Kounde has been vocal about his failed move to Chelsea in the past, and admitted that the failed move "hurt" him. He said: "The failed move to London this summer hurt me a little, I can't hide it. But it's in the past, it's a moment that I have now digested.” But for now any planning for the summer remains on hold while the current situation at the club is resolved. The Ricketts family – who own Major League Baseball franchise Chicago Cubs – are the latest interested party to enter the fray as the club’s potential new owners. DON'T MISS: Chelsea beat Lille: Five things learned as Blues survive early scare in Champions League Man Utd 'know what I want' as Martial opens up on reason for exit Four stars who Liverpool could sell this summer to aid spending spree They have joined forced with billionaire hedge fund tycoon Ken Griffin to submit a takeover proposal before Friday’s deadline. The Ricketts family have overseen the Cubs’ World Series win in 2016, while the major redevelopment of the club’s historic Wrigley Field has also taken place during their tenure. A spokesperson for the family said: “The Ricketts Family, owners of the Chicago Cubs, can confirm they will be leading an investment group that will make a formal bid for Chelsea Football Club this Friday (March 18). “As long-time operators of an iconic professional sports team, the Ricketts Family and their partners understand the importance of investing for success on the pitch, while respecting the traditions of the club, the fans and the community. We look forward to sharing further details of our plans in due course.”