Liverpool officials are still sweating over the future of star man Mohamed Salah, who is engaged in a contract stand-off over his future. But it seems the Reds have already started making plans for his eventual departure, and have made their first move for a long-term replacement. Villarreal youngster Yeremi Pino has apparently been lined up as a potential long-term successor to Salah. The 19-year-old Spaniard has already broken into the senior set-up under Luis Enrique. He's bagged six goals in 26 La Liga outings this season, and bagged his first Champions League goal earlier in the campaign. The teenager has certainly impressed so far in his second senior season with the Yellow Submarine, and has, according to fbref, created .62 goal-creating actions per 90 minutes played. That type of form has earned him attention from around Europe, with a host of teams reported to be interested. But it's Liverpool who could well be at the front of the queue, with reports in Spain suggesting they've already made their first move. Jurgen Klopp and Julian Ward remain hopeful that Salah will end speculation over his future and ink a new contract at Anfield. But at the moment, it seems unlikely he'll be putting pen to paper any time soon. Late last week it was reported that talks had broken down between Salah's agent and the club. It's believed Salah wants to become the Premier League's highest-paid player, which would mean forking out a salary in the region of £500,000 per-week. But Liverpool's strict wage structure would have to be cast aside in order for that to happen, and as a result Reds officials have started lining up alternatives. Pino has a release clause of £67million, though it's more likely Ward will attempt to get a reduction on that fee. Despite the speculation over Salah's future, Klopp has constantly remained positive that the Premier League leading goalscorer will stay put. Speaking on Friday, the Liverpool head coach said: "I understand these questions but the club is in talks with all the agents and all the people. Until then it makes no sense. "The Mo question, nothing new happened, everything is fine. "Mo is giving absolutely everything to the club. "The club is in talks with all the agents and that is how it should be."