Fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their hack for removing make-up from pale carpets. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. She became famous after she began sharing her cleaning tips and advice on social media and TV. The cleaning pro has since published several books and even has her own homeware range at Tesco. Fans of hers have created their own social media groups in her name dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and hacks. On one such group, Facebook user Natasha Hales asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Any idea how to remove mascara from a cream carpet?” The post was inundated with advice but the most popular response was to use micellar water. READ MORE: How to clean a fence: The 3 ingredient solution for a gleaming fence Debbie Jones said: “Micellar water.” Moira Philpott replied: “Micellar water.” Gem Louise Turner wrote: “Micellar water or use washing up liquid this will break down the oils and with warm soapy water will come out.” Brenda Foster said: “Micellar water for all make up mishaps.” DON'T MISSOrchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [INSIGHT]Staggering chart shows how much YOUR bills could rise AGAIN in 2022 [UPDATE]Energy bills fury as Rishi Sunak warned 'people will die' [ANALYSIS] Tracy Clarke agreed and wrote: “Micellar water.” Garnier Skin Naturals Micellar Cleansing Water can be bought from Savers for £1. Nuage Micellar Water is available at The Range for £1. Garnier Micellar Water Facial Cleanser For Sensitive Skin can be bought from Boots for £2.66. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other hacks for removing make-up from carpets included using Fairy Liquid and shaving foam. Rhian Davies said: “I’ve used Stardrops white vinegar spray to get out mascara and black kohl pencil from my light carpet.” Kirstie Smith replied: “Dr Beckmann stain remover. “I swear by it! It took fake tan out of mine.”  Sam Francis said: “Body shop camomile butter. “It took black face paint off my carpet.” Janis Phillips commented: “I’ve read shaving foam is good.” Deborah Clark suggested: “Antiseptic hand cleaner works well on my make up.”