Kevin Costner is currently entertaining fans in the Paramount Network drama Yellowstone. After a hopeful pilot he was attached to with the ABC network wasn't picked up, it appears he won't be jumping ship any time soon. Despite being involved with the new show National Parks Investigation, the network has decided to move on with the show but in a different direction. The 67-year-old plays Montana rancher John Dutton in the hugely successful drama Yellowstone, but it appears his luck has run out with ABC. The American Broadcasting Company passed on three drama pilots, including National Parks Investigation, that Kevin was attached to as co-writer and executive producer. However, ABC has decided to progress with the national park inspired series but have dropped the star from its lineup. The new take on the show will be written and executive produced by 9-1-1: Lone Star executive producer Rashad Raisani. Read More: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns as Marlon Dingle discovers he has another child? Rashad's pilot is described as a propulsive, soapy procedural set in the stunning world of national parks. As reported by Deadline, the show will revolve around the tangled, messy lives of the agents who work for the ISB. The ISB are elite law-enforcement special agents of the National Park Service Investigative Services Branch and responsible for solving all serious crimes in the US national parks. America's national parks are made up of 81,000 square miles of protected land, so that is a lot of land to police. Raisani's career has gone from strength to strength, with him originally starting on the show Burn Notice as a staff writer and working himself up to co-exec producer. He will executive produce the pilot with A+E Studios' Barry Jossen and Tana Jamieson and produce it with 20th Television. Kevin's iteration involved The Flash's Aaron Helbing and author Jon Baird. The other two shows passed over by the network after being in consideration for midseason pickups were Triage and Dark Horse. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale theory: Rishi Sharma's secret illness exposed in Manpreet Sharma twist? [SPOILERS]'I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on regret over Marian Brook role [LATEST]Coronation Street icon Bethany Platt to return for Adam Barlow's funeral?  [SPOILERS] Although sad news for Kevin, he does have multiple other producer credits in the pipeline, such as the TV mini-series One Giant Leap and a project titled Horizon, which he is also directing. Season four of Yellowstone has already aired in the U.S, leaving fans wanting more. The season four finale raked in a series high of 9.3 million viewers as well as becoming the most-watched cable show since The Walking Dead’s season eight premiere on AMC in 2017. Season five has been picked up, but little is known about its next instalment.    Paramount has also picked up multiple Taylor Sheridan Yellowstone spin-offs, so viewers are likely to see a lot more from the Dutton family and friends. This Is Us fans will also be happy to hear that ABC has picked up the Milo Ventimiglia show The Company You Keep and a revival of L.A. Law is also in the works with the broadcaster. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 