Volodymyr Zelensky held a press conference on Thursday and begged the Russian people to stand against Putin as he was not acting in their interests. President Zelensky said if he was not in the position of president then he would be on the frontlines fighting and defending the country. He added Putin was simply "occupying an office" and that Russian people should have "pride" on the world stage, that they are doing the right thing and should be led by a better leader. Mr Zelensky delivered a media briefing and urged Russians to rebel against Putin as millions have been severely hurt by economic sanctions. He said: "The entire world is witnessing, if this problem is not solved the whole world would come to an end. "The problem is that we are a standing wall defending the civilised world. "I do not blame the Russian people, they are common people like us, but why don't they take to the streets, protest, and demonstrate. "Why are the Ukrainian people paying the price, we are simply demanding our rights. "A president is not a king, he is not divine, he is simply occupying an office, elected and selected by the people. "He is the managed of the state affairs, he should work toward the prosperity of his servants, feed his people in order to have his standing with price among other peoples. "If I was not president, I would be one of the Ukrainian men standing on the forefront defending our country today."  Anti-war protests have broken out across Russia with videos showing aggressive policing against the demonstrators. It has been claimed more than 6,000 people have been arrested at the demonstrations. Jailed Kremlin opposition member Alexei Navalny called on Russians to carry out protests with many gathering outside the Ukrainian embassies to lay flowers. Many are also protesting due to the harsh economic sanctions placed on Russia by Western forces which has seen the Ruble's value go into freefall. Sanctions include travel bans, asset freezes, and restrictions to Western financial institutions. DON'T MISS Horror as Russian troops recreating 'deadly Nazi siege' [COMMENT] Disgust after India refuses to vote against Russia [REVEAL] World must sent a clear message to Putin after brutal use of bombs [INSIGHT]  Russian civilians have been seen queuing up at banks and supermarkets to withdraw cash and to stockpile goods for fear of a total economic collapse. Despite the sanctions, Russian gas and oil are still being pumped into Europe who heavily rely on the energy source. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has urged the EU to "wean" itself off Russian gas with European Parliament President Roberta Metsola stating Europe should not "remain reliant" on Russia. It is estimated Europe relies on Russia to provide around 40 percent of its energy and gas. Russian gas giant Gazprom has seen its share price sink by around 90 percent since the invasion of Ukraine as UK governing bodies seek to redraw its contracts with the energy provider. 