Around a third of British adults have high blood pressure, according to Blood Pressure UK. If you have high blood pressure, reducing it even a small amount can help lower your risk of a number of serious health conditions. One of the easiest ways to manage your high blood pressure is by sipping a glass of unsalted tomato juice every day. Studies suggest that tomato juice can not only lower blood pressure but also help to manage cholesterol level and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. The drink is said to have properties which have been shown to lower cholesterol levels. READ MORE: Taking too much vitamin B12? Your hands and feet can signal you're overdoing supplements According to one study published in Food Science and Nutrition, tomato juice may significantly lower blood pressure if consumed on a regular basis. To establish this effect, researchers from Tokyo Medical and Dental University, and Tucson Plant Breeding Institute, studied the effect of unsalted tomato juice on a sample of 481 participants. Participants who regularly drank tomato juice saw drastic improvements in their blood pressure after 12 months. The researchers of the study saw improvements in both systolic and diastolic pressure, as well as LDL, or “bad” cholesterol.  Blood Pressure UK shares that the red drink which can lower hypertension is tomato juice. The reason why the juice is so potent is its potassium content. Potassium is a mineral that has multiple essential functions in your body. Eating or drinking foods and drinks packed with this mineral can help cut your high blood pressure. The mineral plays a role in how much fluid is kept in your body as well as how much is released. If your body is holding onto water, this will result in more fluid being in your blood. This then puts more pressure against your artery walls, which boosts your blood pressure. To remove excess fluid from your body, you need a “fine balance” of sodium and potassium, the blood pressure charity explains. For many, losing weight is all they need to do to get their blood pressure down to a normal level. Moreover, when it comes to dietary choices, cutting down on salt and alcohol is strongly advised. Eating more healthy foods, such as fruits and vegetables will positively impact your blood pressure reading.