Lord Alan Sugar summons Harpreet Kaur and Kathryn Burn to the British Museum in central London to set them their final challenge to win his £250,000 investment as The Apprentice reaches its finale. For their last chance to convince him they are worthy of his cash, each must launch their new business in style and over an intensive three-day challenge. They must create a new brand for their company, produce a digital billboard and direct and edit a television advertisement. Then they must pitch to Lord Sugar and a room full of industry experts. Some of this year's fired candidates offer loyal assistance, while Karren Brady and Tim Campbell monitor events with interest. Baroness Brady has been a stalwart of The Apprentice since joining in 2010. She is also well known in the world of business, perhaps most notably as vice-chairman of West Ham Football Club. It was due to her business mindset that Baroness Brady came out against Brexit prior to the 2016 referendum. In fact, she wrote a column for The Sun in 2016 saying it would be an "economic catastrophe". She said: "Sure, being part of the EU is far from perfect. "I’m under no illusion. "But there simply isn’t a convincing enough argument to leave it either. "To take the plunge and leave is a step so riddled with uncertainty that only chaos, confusion and economic catastrophe can result. "I know some people are talking about the 'short-term pain' of disentangling ourselves from the EU, but that “short-term” pain could take five years. "Believe me, a lot of disruption and mayhem can happen in five years." In the same year, Baroness Brady also discussed how Brexit could impact football. READ MORE: Karren Brady calls out Prince Andrew and Prince Harry She warned that British teams could find it harder to sign top European players. In a letter to the chairmen of all professional sides in England, Scotland and Wales, she said: “For clubs, free movement plays a big role in transfers and players’ contracts. "Players from the EU can sign for UK clubs without needing a visa or special work permit, making it quicker and easier to secure top talent from across Europe to come and play in our leagues. “Indeed, there are nearly 200 Premier League footballers alone who have benefited from this arrangement. "Leaving the EU could have a big impact on foreign players, as independent analysis has shown that two-thirds of European stars in England would not meet automatic non-EU visa criteria and therefore might be forced to leave. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's privileged ‘wokeness’ criticised by Karren Brady [INSIGHT] Robert Pattinson's 'bizarre' The Batman regime blasted by Karren Brady [ANALYSIS] Karren Brady blasts sport boycotts amid Russia's invasion of Ukraine [INSIGHT] "Losing this unhindered access to European talent would put British clubs at a disadvantage compared to continental sides.” A year later in 2017, Prime Minister at the time Theresa May was struggling to win approval for a Brexit deal. Baroness Brady wrote another column for The Sun urging people to get on with Brexit to ensure the process was as smooth as possible. She said: "Although I voted Remain, my approach since the day Britain voted for Brexit has been this: Let’s get on with it and make the best of it. "We can’t put the genie back in the bottle. So the most important thing is the long-term health of the UK. "The big question is whether Brexit will deliver what we expect it to."