Polar air from Europe and milder currents from the Atlantic look set to clash over the UK next Friday which could bring icy temperatures and snowfall across Britain into Saturday 12. Senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, Jim Dale, warned that the clash of warm and cold air could bring blizzards across the central and east of the country, with the highest areas and Scotland likely to be hardest hit.  Mr Dale warned that Britain may be shaping up to battle another “Beast from the East” as icy winds from Scandinavia appear to be heading for the UK. The polar winds are currently causing freezing temperatures across Eastern Europe including Russia, Ukraine and Poland, he noted, where thousands of people have been displaced by Russia’s invasion. Mr Dale told Express.co.uk: “It is in effect the Beast from the East. That's what we're looking at." He said the meeting of the two air currents above Great Britain was rare, meaning that meteorologists would be watching closely in the coming days to warn Britons of what to expect.  Mr Dale said: “It’s something we've not seen this winter, the two meeting up right over the UK. I have seen it in the past, in the last decade where places like the Pennines and the Cleveland Hills can be deep in snow for a week. That can quite easily happen.” Although he noted the situation could easily change in the coming week, Mr Dale said the UK could be set to “get a taste of winter back” with snow showers most likely in Scotland, particularly the highlands, as well as the northwest and northeast of England. Cold conditions and snowfall could also be seen down the eastern coast of England, Wales and the Midlands. READ MORE: BBC Weather: Kirkwood warns 'do watch out' as dense fog engulfs UK    Snow could also be seen across the Pennines and possibly Humberside. However, Mr Dale noted that if snowy conditions did hit the UK they were unlikely to last long due to the warmer temperatures as Spring approaches. Weather forecaster WX Charts has predicted snowfall of up to 10 cm in parts of Scotland on Saturday while there could be around 5 cm in other areas including the northwest. Manchester, Liverpool, Birmingham and Newcastle could all expect snowfall, while snow is not forecast in London and the south of England. No snow is expected to hit Ireland, according to WX Charts. DON'T MISS:Flooding in Australia set to worsen with wild weather event [LATEST]Five dead as Romanian fighter jet and helicopter crash in Black Sea [BREAKING]Putin compared to ISIS terrorists as Russia bomb targets 'thousands' [BREAKING] Temperatures could drop below zero for most of Scotland and England aside from the south east. No snow is forecasted for Ireland, according to WX Charts. He said wintry conditions were not rare in March, where he described the battle between cold winds from Eastern Europe and milder Atlantic winds as an “eternal battle”. If the UK is spared of snow, he said, Britons would most likely have yet more rain to deal with as parts of the country are still struggling to recover from being hit with three named storms in a row last month. Storm Dudley, Storm Eunice, and Storm Franklin caused mass disruption across the UK, prompting the Met Office to issue multiple red alerts warning of a potential “danger to life”. 