Ukrainian tennis star Dayana Yastremska paid an emotional tribute to her home country, after clinching victory at the Lyon Open just days after escaping Russian bombing. Yastremska took on Spaniard Cristina Bucsa in Lyon, and defeated her in straight sets 6-2 6-3 to book a place in the quarter-finals of the event. Her victory was an emotional one though, as it came just days after the WTA star had fled her home country following Russia's invasion. After her victory Yastremska - who arrived to her match with the Ukraine flag draped over her shoulders - said on court: “I was very nervous because I want to win the matches for my country. “This tournament is very emotional for me. But I'm very happy with the win today.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic set to play French Open as France announce change in Covid vaccine rules  Yastremska also gave an insight into what she had gone through prior to the tournament in France, revealing she was awoken by bombs last Thursday evening. She commented: “On Wednesday, we were at home in Odessa. We were spending time with our family before making this long trip to Lyon with my father. "The evening was pleasant, but the next morning we were woken up by bombs. "We didn't realise or understand what was going on. It was crazy. It wasn't a film or a video game -- we were very shocked. DON'T MISSRoger Federer's coach gives heartbreaking Wimbledon updateRaducanu reflects on life-changing US Open after late career decisionRoger Federer return doubts shared by Stan Wawrinka "We left the apartment to take shelter in the underground car park while the bombs continued to explode. "The journey took four hours to reach the Danube on the Romanian border. We were afraid of bombs or Russian tanks." The three-time WTA winner was joined in Lyon by her 15-year-old sister Ivanna, who also competed in Lyon. The Yastremska sisters paired up to play in the tournament’s doubles competition, but were defeated in straight sets by Georgina Garcia-Perez and Xenia Knoll in the opening round on Monday.  When the Yastremska family reached the Romanian border last week, Dayana and Ivanna’s parents made the incredibly hard decision to leave their daughters who set off for France to compete in this week’s event. After parting ways, Dayana shared a moving post on Instagram of an image of her and her sister, with a caption sending love to their family and the rest of Ukraine. She wrote: “After spending two nights in the underground parking, my parents made a decision at any cost to send me and my little sister out of Ukraine! Mom, Dad, we love you very much, take care of yourself!!! I love you my country! Ukrainians take care of your lives.” 