Cyprus is allowing British tourists to travel to the country for holidays regardless of vaccination status, though testing rules apply to all arrivals. The Mediterranean island country is famed for its sandy stretches, aquamarine waters and year-round weather. However, the best time of year to visit depends largely on what you want from a holiday. For warm, sun-soaked days, the best time to visit Cyprus is between May and June. Not only is this one of the driest times of the year, but there is also an average of 13 hours of golden sunshine daily. The average temperature at this time of year is between 23C and 28C so there are plenty of opportunities to bask on one of the nation's stunning beaches. READ MORE: Van conversion owner shares top tips to save time and money For those who really want to sizzle in the heat, the peak of summer is Cyprus' hottest time of the year. In July and August, the mercury shoots up in Cyprus, meaning temperatures are often around 30C. The west coast of Cyprus tends to see average temperatures of around 30C, while the eastern-south coast records averages of between 32C and 33C. DON'T MISSBritish expat shares why life Spain is a 'real struggle' [COMMENT]Sunniest spot in the British Isles named [DATA]Russia flights: The 36 countries banned from Russian airspace [REPORT] Inland, the weather becomes much hotter and drier, with temperatures reaching daily highs of 37C. The main heat of the day is between noon and 4pm, with a little bit of coolness on a night. Typically, even on the coast, nighttime temperatures remain around 22C. There are an average of 12 hours of sunshine daily and rain is almost unheard of in July and August. Although Cyprus has mild temperatures throughout the winter, the shoulder seasons of April and October are some of the best. Not only are resorts quieter at this time of year, the weather remains in the mid-20s, ideal for exploring or relaxing in the sun. The beginning of April may still be chilly at night, but daytime temperatures reach an average high of 23C on the coast. Inland average highs can reach 24C in April. In October, the average high is 27C on the west coast and between 28C and 29C on the eastern-south coast and inland. However, Cyprus' weather is agreeable even in December and January. In December, the average maximum temperature is 19C on the coast and 17C inland. The sun is also likely to make an appearance, even on cooler days. The average maximum temperature in January is 16 to 18C, though this can drop to around 5C in cold bouts. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Holidaymakers hoping for sunshine, without having to fight crowds of fellow tourists, should consider the shoulder seasons. These are typically the months bordering the peak summer months before school holidays begin. April and May are great times to visit before the summer, and late September to the end of October are ideal for an autumn getaway. The weather tends to remain warm, sitting in the mid-20s, but with much less foot traffic.