Coleraine Coastguard shared the dog died after it fell from a cliff close to the Causeway Hotel in north Antrim, Northern Ireland. It added that the pet's body was recovered by the crew of a Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) inshore lifeboat. In a Facebook post, they said: “Coleraine and Ballycastle Coastguard Rope Rescue Teams and Portrush RNLI were tasked this morning following a report that a dog had fallen from a cliff close to the Causeway Hotel at the Giants Causeway. “Sadly, the animal was recovered deceased by the crew of the RNLI Inshore Lifeboat. “The Coastguard appeals to all dog owners to keep their animals on a lead at all times when close to cliff edges. “If your dog has fallen over a cliff, please do not attempt a rescue yourself but call 999 Coastguard.” It comes just weeks after a dog died after falling from the top of Pen y Fan while chasing some litter. The animal, on a lead and supervised, was on the highest peak in South Wales in the Brecon Beacons National Park when it pulled away and fell down the north east face. The Brecon Mountain Rescue Team were called to try retrieve the pet, but it had not survived the fall. Members of the public were also throwing stones off the top of the peak, not knowing the team were working on the face beneath them. READ MORE: Panic as huge fire tears through massive building A Brecon Mountain Rescue Team spokesman said: "Our thoughts are with the dog’s owners who have experienced this tragic accident through no fault of their own. "During the rescue two dogs were seen off the lead on the summit. Please keep your dog under control at all times and do not put yourself at risk by going onto the face. "And please be mindful of what is below when you are on the mountains and never throw anything off cliffs". A Dyfed Powys Police spokesman added: "We received a call at 11am, Monday, March 14, reporting that a dog had run off and fallen over the edge on Pen y Fan mountain. "The Mountain Rescue Team were called and attended the incident.” It also comes as Dublin saw a dog rescued after falling off a Dun Laoghaire pier and getting trapped under rocks. The RNLI crew in Dun Laoghaire have issued a warning to pet owners after they rescued the poor pup who was stuck under breakwater rocks yesterday. Volunteers saved Thor, a five-year-old black Labrador dog on Thursday after he fell off the Eastern Marina pier. He fell into a small opening and was almost hidden beneath the rocks. A bystander called 999 at 9:52am and the inshore lifeboat launched within five minutes. The extraction was challenging for the crew, but they managed to save Thor and bring him onboard the lifeboat before reuniting him with his owners. The Labrador suffered head injuries in the incident. Dun Laoghaire RNLI Helm Gary Hayes added: “We would remind anyone walking a dog at the coast to keep them on a lead if close to cliff edges, piers, and paths near the sea. “If your pet does go into the water or gets stuck in mud, don’t go in after them but rather move to a place where you can safely get to and call them as they may be able to get out themselves. “If you are worried that your pet may be in danger, call 999 or 112 and ask for the Coast Guard.”