England will take the field against Switzerland on Saturday evening in their first outing since the 10-0 win over San Marino back in November. With Gareth Southgate calling up seven stars who have five caps or less to their name, a new generation of Three Lions' youngsters could have the chance to show the world what they are about on the international stage. Express Sport looks at five players who need to impress the most. James Ward-Prowse Ward-Prowse has built up a reputation as one of the best dead-ball specialists in the world at the moment, but the Southampton midfielder can bring much more than that to the table. The Saints star has a superb work-rate, and is always a player any manager of his can rely on to produce consistent performances. However, with Declan Rice, Jude Bellingham and Jordan Henderson likely to be ahead of him in the pecking order, the Portsmouth-born talent will need to impress to claim a place in the World Cup squad. Harry Maguire Maguire always stars when he plays for the Three Lions, although his recent Manchester United performances have seen him come under intense scrutiny. He remains one of England's most senior members, and Southgate will be hoping he can rely on him in the international break ahead of the World Cup in eight months' time. However, with new boy Marc Guehi being called up, Maguire will be looking precariously over his shoulder at potentially losing a spot in the squad. Marc Guehi Equally, Guehi will need to take the chance offered to him if he is to stay in the England team for the foreseeable future. Conor Coady and Tyrone Mings are in arguably worse form than the youngster at the moment, although their strong performances at the back under Southgate mean they will likely start ahead of Guehi. However, if the Palace youngster is afforded the chance, many will back him to grab it with both hands. Conor Gallagher Guehi's Palace team-mate Gallagher is the other option to Ward-Prowse in central midfield - and he will need to impress for a number of reasons.   The Chelsea loanee will hope to prove himself not just to Southgate but to his parent club that he can cut it at international level, as he seeks to play for the Blues regularly next season. And with two friendlies on the horizon, he could be given a lot of minutes against Switzerland and Ivory Coast. Ollie Watkins It is very likely Harry Kane will start for England given that he is captain of the Three Lions. However, Watkins is the second-choice striker in Southgate's current squad after Tammy Abraham pulled out of the squad due to injury. And the Aston Villa attacker will undoubtedly be given minutes to prove himself to another former Villans star in Southgate.