Coronation Street fans will know Lydia Chambers (played by Rebecca Ryan) will stop at nothing to destroy Adam Barlow’s (Sam Robertson) reputation and marriage including reporting the lawyer to the Solicitors Regulation Authority. However, the expert opinion of Fletchers Solicitors Compliance Officer and Solicitor, Dawn Bowdler suggests the scorned lover could stoop to even lower levels in her quest for revenge. In recent scenes, Lydia posed as a disgruntled customer and complained about Adam’s professionalism. As more information about the complaint comes to light, Dawn suggested Lydia may make a sexual misconduct report to ensure Adam’s termination. She said: “We are unsure of the contents of the review, but if Lydia is seeking to ensure Adam’s dismissal she may falsely claim that he had inappropriately touched her. “This is a major disciplinary point at the moment following a number of high profile cases involving solicitors and barristers acting inappropriately with members of staff. Read more: Coronation Street heartache as Craig splits with pregnant Faye? In recent scenes, Lydia posed as a disgruntled customer and complained about Adam’s professionalism. As more information about the complaint comes to light, Dawn suggested Lydia may make a sexual misconduct report to ensure Adam’s termination. She said: “We are unsure of the contents of the review, but if Lydia is seeking to ensure Adam’s dismissal she may falsely claim that he had inappropriately touched her. “This is a major disciplinary point at the moment following a number of high profile cases involving solicitors and barristers acting inappropriately with members of staff. “Sexual misconduct is treated very seriously by the SRA and, if found, will almost always end in the referral of the case to the Solicitors Disciplinary tribunal who may fine someone, limit their ability to work, or decree that they must not work in law again.” Official soap spoilers confirm Adam will be left needing emergency surgery and possibly face life-changing injuries after being pushed off a balcony by Lydia. The scorned lover would know Adam’s family and wife Sarah Platt (Tina O’Brien) will likely rush to the lawyer’s side. Lydia may feel she needs to come up with a shocking allegation to keep Adam’s reputation in tatters. Dawn explained how Lydia can go about proving a sexual misconduct allegation. She continued: “The proof levels are not as high as in criminal court but the SRA would need to prove that there was some kind of misconduct. “This is usually around an abuse of position argument (solicitor/client). “Lydia may not have the evidence for the CPS to bring a criminal case but she may still be able to produce enough evidence to bring a successful SRA claim.” DON'T MISSSue Nicholls health: TV viewer spotted star's 'red flag' cancer sign [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Laura Neelan murdered as Gary protects Kelly? [SPOILER]Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? [THEORY] “Especially if Imran suggested that he saw some form of sexual misconduct,” she added. Lydia has already proven her determination to ruin Adam’s life whatever the cost. Could she spend the night with a mystery man or fake a pregnancy to convince the SRA that Adam abused his position of trust as her lawyer? The cunning businesswoman has managed to convince Sarah that she and Adam enjoyed an illicit affair. If she came to Sarah and revealed she was pregnant, the horrified stalwart may see this as further confirmation her husband has been lying to her. Meanwhile, Lydia inadvertently pushes Adam off a balcony in upcoming scenes. Adam confronts his former lover and insists she tells Sarah the truth. However, instead, Lydia is overcome with rage and pushes Adam backwards causing him to lose his footing and fall over a balcony. Official spoilers confirm he will need surgery to save his sight but it’s not yet known whether he will pull through unscathed. Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.