Jonathan Bailey is one of the new leads of the second season of Netflix’s Bridgerton. The star has opened up about filming the latest outing of the regency romance as he explained how he found embodying Viscount Anthony Bridgerton. The second season of the show focuses on Anthony’s quest to find a wife following on from Daphne Bridgerton’s (played by Phoebe Dynevor) match. He has his eyes set on the diamond of the season, Miss Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran). However, her protective older sister Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) proves to be a foil to his advances in more ways than one. Speaking at the recent international press conference, Jonathan shared how he related to his character in the show.  The star explained how he also comes from a big family, despite being the youngest. Jonathan also admitted that filming the show was quite “isolating” as well. He explained to press including Express.co.uk: "My experience of series two was that it was quite isolating. “I think both Kate and Anthony have this sort of weird thing where they exist for other people.  “Their sense of boundaries is something that they really have to come to terms with. “Their isolation in their family means that when they meet, they have this sort of addictive quality to the time spent together." He added how the show has also taught him a great deal. Jonathan continued: “It made me think a lot about what it is to love yourself before you can love someone else. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [VIDEO]ITV News star Mary Nightingale addresses emotional on-air moment [INSIGHT]   “Also what it is to be a soulmate, what it means to grow from trauma or to be stuck in something without identifying it. “It was really interesting to study what that is for these two people who have experienced quite similar things in their past at a time when there was no conversation really.” The star finished: “It made me quite introspective and reflective of myself.” Elsewhere, the star also shared an emotional farewell to the series showrunner. Chris Van Dusen is stepping down after this series as the man in charge.  Jonathan led his fellow co-stars in admitting this will be “so sad” when it happens. He added: "Chris, we had loads of amazing conversations. “It's gonna be so sad to not have him as our captain going forward.” Bridgerton season 2 is available to watch on Netflix now. 