Sofia Hayat is a singer, actress, and TV personality from London. When she was in her twenties, the now 37-year-old had cosmetic surgery to enhance her breasts. But, six years ago, she had these implants removed and feels all the more empowered for it. Sofia’s decision to get breast implants in the first place was influenced by both her career in TV and a former toxic relationship. The actress explained: “I’ve always felt pressure to look my best being on TV. “You get hundreds of people looking at you close up on their TV and unfortunately what comes with that is hundreds of people judging you and your looks. “There are so many times where I thought I had to change my looks to fit in with the expected beauty standard.” READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Expert shares which foods to eat to get rid of 'stubborn belly fat' The London-born star went on to reveal details about her relationship at the time, saying: “I was actually with a previous ex-boyfriend of mine who made me feel so insecure about myself and I felt like he was always looking at other girl’s breasts because he wasn’t happy with mine. “Whenever we went out, I always noticed him looking at other women and not me and I had to fight for his attention. “Looking back at it now of course I know it was toxic and I should have got out sooner, but he made me so insecure.” Because of this, Sofia explained she started to look into cosmetic surgery and decided “I was going to go for it”. DON'T MISS: Women ‘can’t take time off' for gender specific health conditions [HEALTH] Weight gain is ‘very common side effect’ to menopause [EXPERT] Menopause: How to lose weight without not diet or exercise [HELP] She said: “I was fed up of being looked past by the person I was in love with. “I also did it for myself, I wanted to feel more confident in myself and thought it would change my life.” Sofia added that she felt “inadequate” in the relationship at the time, but now she stressed that she does not care what men – or anyone else – thinks of her. “Now, I am not looking for a man to feel adequate,” she said. “I lost my insecurities when we split up.” When the relationship ended, Sofia decided to get her implants removed. This was while the actress was taking time out of her career and living as a nun. Sofia announced on her social media channels that she was “embracing spirituality”. She continued: “I paid £6,000 to get them [breast implants] removed. “The same surgeon that put them in took them out and I was treated at the Lister Hospital in Chelsea where the care is impeccable. “I actually had no pain at all after I woke up from the anaesthetic. There was no pain after.” The actress revealed that despite being nervous how she would feel and look afterward, her mental health has greatly improved since the procedure. She said: “After my operation, I could not look in the mirror as I was scared my breasts would look deflated and hideous. “After 10 days I was brave enough to look in the mirror, and it was like I was discovering my true self. “I looked in the mirror and I said, ‘there you are, I am sorry I thought that you were not good enough’. “I welcomed myself back – I feel valuable, beautiful and precious.” The singer added: “On some level, the implants made me feel this, but now I feel that the value comes from inside me and what I already am. “I haven’t looked back since – I think being natural is so much better for me, and they [my breasts] actually empower me now. “They caused me more harm than good, and I wish I could tell my younger self not to go through it and learn to love my natural self.”