Liverpool's board are convinced they've found a real gem in centre-back Ibrahima Konate and believe the player's value has more than doubled since he arrived at the club last summer. The Reds brought Konate in for £36million from Bundesliga side RB Leipzig after suffering a spate of centre-half injuries last season that cost them their chance of defending the league title. The France under-21 international has made a strong start at Anfield in his 17 appearances so far and was superb in the recent 2-0 Champions League round of 16 first-leg win against Inter Milan. There are hopes that the imposing 22-year-old will be the long-term leader of the defence with Virgil van Dijk and Joel Matip both turning 31 in July and August respectively. Jurgen Klopp is a massive fan of Konate and said in January: "I think we all agree he is an exceptional talent: physically outstanding, good footballer as well." And according to Fabrizio Romano via Anfield Watch, the club's board are also confident that they have signed an absolute diamond in the defender. MUST READ: Liverpool 'superstar' Harvey Elliott tipped to freeze out Thiago Romano adds that the club's decision-makers think if someone came in for Konate, not even double his fee would be enough for Liverpool to sell, hinting they value him at well over £80m. Konate was also looked at by the likes of Real Madrid, Manchester United and Chelsea before swapping the Red Bull Arena for Anfield. In a recent interview with the Sunday Times, the Frenchman explained the role Klopp played in his move to Merseyside. Konate revealed of his talks with the German: "I said, 'Okay, if I was your son and your son was in my position, what would you tell him to do?' DON'T MISS: Liverpool 'yet to open Sadio Mane contract talks' in Reds standoff "Klopp said, 'Okay, this club is good and that club is good, but for sure I would tell him to go to Liverpool'. "As he was saying this I watched nothing else but his eyes. To see if he was sincere. And I saw sincerity on his face. "I said, 'This decision will be good for me.' And after, when you think about the other players at Liverpool... which players don't want to come here?" And with Liverpool's hierarchy delighted to have Konate, the player himself is relishing his time with the club, having won the Carabao Cup on Sunday. MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Liverpool 'told to pay £55m for striker target' in Luiz Diaz repeatWhen is the FA Cup quarter-final draw? Liverpool, Chelsea ball numbersChelsea's Werner offered exit route with Blues 'ready to discuss' sale Konate replaced Matip in extra time and scored a penalty in the shootout as Liverpool won 11-10 on spot-kicks at Wembley, with Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga the only player to miss. Speaking before the final, Konate said: "As a footballer, the decisions you make about your career are the most important thing. I made my best decision and am very happy. "I'm playing it match by match and looking to grow. The manager has given me a chance in the biggest matches and my mentality is that even if we win, I think about the errors I've made and how I can be better next time. "I'm not at my maximum level at this stage, but the performances I'm putting in, at my age, I think, are a good indicator. "The objective I have set myself is that there's no reason why I can't become one of the best players in the world." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here