Andy Murray gave an insight into his family life as he shared a trick his daughter plays on him after his Indian Wells win. The world No 88 reached a milestone 700th career match win by coming from a set down to defeat Taro Daniel 1-6 6-2 6-4 at the BNP Paribas Open on Friday. Murray set himself two goals for his continued comeback last year, to reach 700 match wins and 50 career titles, currently sitting on 46. His first aim was achieved on Friday as he faced Taro Daniel for a third time in five tournaments, with the pair having split their previous matches. The world No 106 knocked the three-time Major champion out of the Australian Open in the second round but Murray got revenge in Doha last month. It was the former world No 1 who took the edge in the latest instalment of their 2022 rivalry, booking his place in the second round to meet 31st seed Alexander Bublik. JUST IN: Raducanu tames expectations and admits loss would have 'made her year'  While the focus was on the three-time Grand Slam champion's achievement, one question in his post-match press conference allowed Murray to share a funny story about his family. As a former world No 1, multiple Grand Slam champion and two-time Olympic champion, the 34-year-old is one of the country's most successful athletes and added his name to an illustrious list of active players to reach 700 wins - Djokovic, Federer and Nadal. And asked whether any of his four children were now aware of who their father was, Murray admitted his six-year-old daughter Sophia had left him feeling "awkward" with her latest prank. "I think they're aware. My oldest one is aware," the world No 88 said, speaking on his status as one of the most successful tennis players in British history. DON'T MISSIndian Wells star produces 'slowest ever ace' putting Kyrgios to shameDjokovic picks next tournament after visa exception refusedNadal explains 'difficult' view as Zverev avoids ban for umpire tirade   "Now she's six. She knows that -- like sometimes she called my 'Andy Murray' which I find incredibly awkward," he laughed. Murray, who has four children with wife Kim Sears, said his eldest now chose to call him by his name as a joke in front of other people. He continued: "I'm like, No, I'm daddy. I'm not Andy Murray, I'm daddy. "She does it now to wind me up. She does it especially when she's around her friends and stuff." Murray will be spending an extended period of time away from his family after the Sunshine Double this year, after linking back up with Ivan Lendl. The 46-time title winner has enlisted his former coach for a training block in Miami after the upcoming Masters 1000 tournament there, having already announced he would skip the clay-court season. It means Murray will be in the United States for Indian Wells and Miami, and at least another month after before heading home to prepare for the grass-court season.