Newcastle star Bruno Guimaraes haș detailed how he believes the club should be challenging for the Premier League title within the next few seasons after their financial takeover. And the Brazilian has issued a warning shot to Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea about how they are planning on coming to join them at the top of the table in the near future. Newcastle currently sit 39 points behind Premier League leaders City but January signing Guimaraes, who joined from Lyon for a fee of £38million on deadline day, is already looking ahead to rivalling City. The Magpies' recent form has not only dragged them out of the relegation zone but given them huge confidence that they can at least go on to challenge for European football next season if they spend well this summer. Guimaraes has played a huge part in Newcastle's revival, bringing a calmness to the midfield that was lacking quality in the first half of the season. And he believes that this is only the start of a Newcastle side that will go on to become a serious outfit in the near future if mega-money signings continue to arrive. “Next season I believe we will strengthen very well to seek, who knows, a spot in the Champions League, in the Europa League," Guimaraes said to Globo. “From now on, it's a team to compete to be champions of the Premier League. "I believe a lot in the project and I hope that everything works out as it was passed on to me." Guimaraes has already become a cult hero on Tyneside after playing a huge part in the club's unbeaten run which has dragged them out of the relegation battle and he is grateful to the support of the fans. “The guys here have already made music, shirts with my photo. Shirt with several pictures of me," he said. And it isn't just merchandise that has shown the fans' adoration of their new star with Guimaraes noting the times in which they back him via song. “If I give a backward pass, it's 'Bruno! Bruno! Bruno!'" he continued. “When I scored, the guys wanted to invade the field. It's been too cool, I'm enjoying it too much here. “At Newcastle I've done everything. In the first three games I played in different positions. In the first, we played with two in the middle. In the second, we played with two midfielders. Then I played first man. I can do all the functions, I'm happy, but if I have a preference, I'd rather be second wheel. But I can also play first.”