Salute Your Shorts actor Kirk Baily has died aged 59 following a battle with lung cancer. The actor played Kevin Ug Lee in the hit Nickelodeon sitcom and also enjoyed a successful career as a voice actor. Baily's family confirmed the news to TMZ where they said the actor died over the weekend. The actor was diagnosed with lung cancer just six months ago, according to reports. The star started his career as a sound coordinator on cult classic film, Killer Klowns from Outer Space, before going on to land acting roles. He went on to feature in 3 Ninjas: High Noon at Mega Mountain and The Sixth Man. READ MORE: Motsi Mabuse admits she fears Russia-Ukraine conflict is escalating He also landed guest roles on programmes including Felicity, Sisters and NYPD Blue. However, the star was best-loved for his portrayal as camp counsellor Kevin 'Ug' Lee in Nickelodeon show Salute Your Shorts from 1991 to 1992. Three years ago, the cast reunited in Hollywood at the Good Burger pop-up shop after remaining good friends. Baily was also a famed voice artist, well known for working on numerous anime shows. His voiceover talents also featured on video games, including Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex and Cowboy Bebop. Following the devastating news, fans of the star took to social media to pay tribute. Twitter account Horror Movie BBQ penned: "RIP the great Kirk Baily aka UG from Salute Your Shorts. "The coolest dimwit camp counselor ever," they wrote, alongside sad face emojis. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT]Debbie McGee describes tragic last days with husband Paul Daniels [ANALYSIS]James Jordan makes desperate plea following row with Shirley Ballas [UPDATE] Prince Howdy chimed in, writing: "Just heard about the passing of Kirk Baily. This is heartbreaking. "Great anime voice actor and legendary role on Salute Your Shorts. "Thank You for being a part of my childhood. RIP Sir," they ended their tribute. Katie Stebbins wrote: "I've seen from a couple of friends/colleagues of his that Kirk Baily (best known as Ug from Salute Your Shorts) passed away from cancer yesterday. "Way way too young. Ug was the *best*. "A performance with extreme weirdo energy & a bastion from childhood RIP," (sic) they added. Eddie Frierson simply wrote: "The world lost a wonderful soul when Kirk Baily passed away yesterday... "I love this guy..." they added.