Married at First Sight Australia season nine hasn't been without drama, with an ongoing feud between Domenica Calarco and Olivia Frazer. The contestants have been at each other's throats in several episodes, making digs, shouting across the dinner and shattering glasses. The latest reason for their volatile relationship has been caused by a leaked picture. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia. Olivia discovered a naked photograph of Domenica online which was used to promote her now deactivated OnlyFans account. She shared it with the rest of the cast who didn't tell the 28-year-old makeup artist they had seen it until an explosive dinner party. When Olivia was reprimanded for her actions by sexologist Alessandra Rampolla, she responded she "just don't have" empathy for Domenica. A former MAFS Australia contestant has since spoken out alleging there is more to this story than what it seems. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Former groom Nasser Sultan who starred in the 2018 season, alleges that Domenica gave her permission to producers for the photo to be circulated among the cast prior to the dinner party. Taking to his Instagram stories, Nasser claimed: "They got her permission to do it. She's making something out of nothing. Trust me, she is. "Get it right: you [Domenica] allowed the show to release them. That's what you did. And now you're backtracking and making people feel sorry for you." The 52-year-old went on to make another claim regarding Domenica's relationship status. Domenica and Jack Millar, a 26-year-old financial planner, haven't officially confirmed if they are still an item. But it appeared things were going well between them beyond the show as Domenica made the move from New South Wales to his hometown of Sydney. Moreover, they have talked about a future together in interviews, stating to New Idea they have discussed marriage "in the real world". However, Nasser claims Domenica and Jack are no longer together. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk 'leave' in April twist [EXIT]Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? [CAST]Daniel Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Daniel Holmes now? [EXPLAINER] In his Instagram stories, Nasser continued: "Sorry, Jack, you're going to be dumped, so don't get your hopes up. "It's already over. They've split already. I know all about it. It happened ages ago, so don't get your hopes up too high, poppet. "[Domenica] dumped him and she's pursuing a media career." He also added Olivia and Jackson Leonie are still together, stating "all the others have failed". As the reality series is still airing in Australia and the UK, none of the couples have stated if they have remained in relationships and most likely won't until the series ends.  While there has been non-stop drama in MAFS Australia, the couples are pursuing their own individual romantic journeys. The description for the next episode which airs on E4 on Wednesday, March 23, reads: "Feedback Week commences and for some it's not all smooth sailing meeting the in-laws. "And the new couples continue their relationship crash course." Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.