Two-year-old Hades arrived at the RSPCA's Cotswolds Dogs and Cats Home in Gloucestershire in September 2021. Since then, the Labrador cross Staffie has been patiently waiting but has not found the right adopters. Hades had a difficult start in life which has left him nervous when meeting new people. He has come on in leaps and bounds since coming into the RSPCA's care but needs a patient and understanding owner. He can also be boisterous at times so adopters will need to be confident and experienced with strong dogs. Haley Medlock, from the RSPCA centre, said: “Hades is such a big, lovely, bouncy boy. "He can be very mischievous and we’re sure he has coiled springs in his paws. “We really need to find Hades owners who will have the time and willingness to give him the mental and physical stimulation he needs. “When Hades arrived here he was terrified of everything. "We’ve worked hard with him and he can now manage in busy areas but there are some things which he can still find daunting so we’d like his owners to understand that they’ll need to be patient with him. READ MORE: Tiny puppy who couldn't use back legs dumped in rucksack in woods “One of his biggest challenges is his struggle meeting new people. "He may look like a big, confident lad, but he is very nervous around new people so will need slow and steady introductions. "For this reason, we’ll also need his adopters to visit him multiple times here at the centre before they’ll be able to take him home.” Hades can be over-enthusiastic with other dogs so would be best suited as the only pet in the home. DON'T MISSRSPCA must prosecute Zouma for cat cruelty, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Dog stuck underground for nearly three DAYS is freed [PICTURES]Inseparable dogs looking for home together - special appeal [INSIGHT] He is described as intelligent and enjoys training. Ms Medlock said: “We believe giving Hades structure, boundaries and routine will really help him settle into his new home. “If someone is willing to put the work into Hades then they will see he has great potential and he’ll make a truly wonderful companion for the right person.” Find out more about Hades here.