Houseplants are a lovely way to brighten up your indoor space, but often they can begin to wilt. Although there are plenty of chemical-based fertilisers available, many people prefer to use only natural products in their homes. According to Chris Bonnett from Gardening Express, there are some ways you can recycle leftover items at home and give your plants a "natural boost". He explained that the fruit skins from bananas and orange peels can both be used as fertilisers. Chris Bonnett from Gardening Express said: “Plants need a plethora of nutrients and a bit of care to survive. "Some fertilisers and repellents can be costly when bought, but nature has many of the answers if you have a little bit of time. "Plant can start to die when they lack the proper nutrients it needs to live, and then can be upsetting for plant owners, especially when they live in the house. "Homemade plant food is an easy and inexpensive way to feed plants without accidentally harming them or breaking the bank." READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home Mr Bonnett explained that citrus fruit peels are high in an array of nutrients that can help give a little bit of life back to your plants. He said: "Citrus peels are high in nitrogen, sulphur, magnesium, and calcium, all of which give leafy plants a quick pick me up. "Orange peel is the best choice, as it also acts as a natural pest repelling spray, which keeps aphids away." One way to make orange peels into fertiliser is to grind them with a little bit of water. DON'T MISSHouse prices: What will it take for house prices to drop? [INSIGHT]A look at Balmoral - the Queen's 'lovely base' in Scottish Highlands [REVEALED]Houseplant hacks: 3 ways vinegar can help your plants thrive [EXPLAINER] You should use just enough to make the solution into a paste. Then, add this fertiliser to your potted plants, but make sure you don't overdo it. Different plants require different nitrogen levels, so it is vital you understand the needs of your houseplants before applying the paste. Spread the paste on the rim of the pots, at least two inches away from branches and stems. This will add nitrogen and acidic properties to the soil and not the plant. Alternatively, you can dilute the paste and use it to water your plants. Banana peels inject a little bit of much-needed potassium into the soil. Mr Bonnett said: "Giving plants a potassium boost is easy – simply toss banana peels right onto your soil. "The extra potassium will make your plants stronger and healthier, giving them more energy to fight off pests." Adding the banana peels to your soil is rather straightforward. Simply chop your banana peels into quarter-inch pieces to kick start the composting process. This will ensure your peels start giving off beneficial vitamins and minerals straight away. Then, bury them anywhere from four inches down to just under the surface of the soil.