Bravo’s Below Deck reality series spin-off, Sailing Yacht is currently in its third season and as the season continues, drama seems to steadily unfold. After watching a recent episode, the luxury yacht’s Captain Glenn Shepard shared his opinion on the latest controversy surrounding tipping etiquette.  The crew of Parsifal III weren't thrilled when it was revealed the memorable season two guests Charles Sander and his wife Erica Rose would be returning for another charter. Even fans had labelled the couple “the worst guests ever,” after Erica would make the crew unpack their suitcases. Most notably, the attorney and mother of two would parade in her Trump 2020 bikini while yelling, “Ta-tas for Trump.” Having sealed their position as “the worst guests in the franchise history,” the couple returned to create more drama and this time it was about money. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge? The episode titled ‘Omelette You Finish But?’ saw the hungover crew hope for a smooth sailing day, however, it wasn’t to be the case. While tensions came to a head between Gabriella and Ashley, Erica and Charles were causing a stir on social media. Much to the viewers’ disapproval, the couple were persistently making remarks about the food and expressing their complaints. Despite this, they managed to ignite a feud with the displeased crew in the following episode, ‘Oopsie Daisy.’ Erica and Charles appeared to add insult to injury when they only tipped the crew £6,500, which was not only the lowest tip of the season but the lowest in Below Deck history. The crew took offence as they ensured to meet the guests’ demands despite the havoc they caused, which included damaging the boat’s £50,000 couch. Chef Marcos Spaziani also catered to their picky food requests even though a gruesome injury during meal prep left him with a piece of his scalp in his hands. Captain Glenn Shephard also had to endure a ‘sexy’ Marylin Monroe rendition after he was awkwardly serenaded by Erica during dinner. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street 'double exit' as Nick Tilsley 'splits' from Leanne [THEORY]Below Deck viewers swoon over Daisy and Gary’s Sailing Yacht romance [REACTION]Below Deck Sailing Yacht newcomer admits to feeling 'part of the team' [INSIGHT] After the tipping drama aired, the Captain spoke out and revealed his thoughts about Erica and Charles’ etiquette. He took to Instagram and shared: “It is customary for primary guests to take care of the crew gratuity rather than insisting that their invited guests pitch in.” The captain then added if they couldn’t afford to tip: “they should consider chartering a smaller more affordable boat.” Before taking another swipe: “Our biggest best tip was seeing them walking down the passerelle.” After seeing the tip, chief stew Daisy Kelliher stated: “I honestly think I'm about to burst into tears.” During the confessional, she added: “They could have given us 30 grand, 40 grand, 50 grand. No money in the world would make me happy to work for people like that.” After each charter season, the average tip on Below Deck is between $15,000 to $20,000 per charter with 20 percent of the full-price fee for chartering the yacht. This would make an estimated total of $1,600 to $2,200 per crewmate, which was a stark difference of change more than what Charles Sanders left them. Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available on Bravo in the USA and is available on Hayu in the UK. 