Nicola runs The Frugal Cottage, an award-winning money-saving blog. Living in the North with her two sons and husband, the family have a lofty savings goal for 2022. She told Express.co.uk: "The initial aim was to save £10,000 this year by living frugaly and being careful." However, the saver does accept the cost of living crisis is likely to affect her ability to save. Nicola, who posts videos on her money saving journey on her Youtube channel, said: "With the increase in living costs it might prove a bit more tricky. "The main thing is to really focus on going back to basics in terms of finances and focus on reducing outgoings as much as possible." READ MORE: Urgent energy bills scam phone call warning - Britons targeted amid cost of living crisis Nicola, whose journey can also be followed on her Instagram account @thefrugalcottage, plans to adjust her budget given the crisis, as most Britons will be forced to. When asked if she was planning such a change to her budget, Nicole said: "Yes, by quite a bit. "Lots of things are increasing in price at the moment - gas/elec, petrol, childcare, food prices. "So, it is going to have quite an impact on our budget. "I am going to try and keep costs from mounting too much but some of those will be unavoidable." DON'T MISSBudget recipes: Cook 3 delicious meals with just £12 [HOW TO] Mum lives on £10 a week food budget - read her simple tips [SAVINGS] Ukraine: Disgusting scammers set up fake charities to cash in [WARNING] Nicola detailed to her fans how she is undertaking an "Extreme Frugal Living Challenge" for 2022. She said: "It's going back to bascis, but more importantly than that it's being very mindful of our spending. "The reason behind that is, I've got really special sinking fun set up for this year, and therefore to be able to compete that I ned to rein in money from all areas of our life." "At the moment I feel like our spending is getting abut of of cotrol but also the cost of things keeps going up all the time." "I will have to be even cleverer with our food budget, and our miscellanious budget, so things for the cats, anything householdwise. "Those two categorees are going to funded purely by my savings challenge from last year. "I'm excited about it, but Im also quite apprehensive about how hard I might find it." Nicola is aiming to be mindful about how much she uses her car, to limit spending on petrol as much as possible. She will also be careful about her meal planning and food shops, to save money there as much as possible. Nicola recently detailed how she lives on a £10 a week budget for food. Track your cash The mum said: "Definitely get used to tracking your incomings and outgoings. "Get to know what your spending habits are like and then can change them if needed." Switch energy providers often She added: "Keep on eye to see if you're in the best tariff and change if you can to a cheaper one." Don't be scared of finance Nicola said: "Budgeting might seem scary and a bit boring but it's meant to help you in the long run. "Knowledge is key when trying to keep track of your own finances."