Richard Bland has fired a fierce warning to two-time major champion Dustin Johnson, with the Englishman on the verge of his first Masters invite aged 49. Bland has proven to be a shining underdog at this week’s event, knocking out the likes of Bryson DeChambeau and Lee Westwood in the group stage. He now, however, heads into arguably the biggest round of golf of his life, as he takes one of the sport’s mega stars in Johnson in the last 16 of the World Golf Championship. Despite this Bland had a fighting message ahead of his clash with the American titan. Speaking after his final group match with Westwood, the 49-year-old told Sky Sports: “I need the afternoon off! Me and Lee joked that whoever just finishes probably wins. I've known Lee a long time, he's a legend of the sport and to be able to go head-to-head with him and get one over him was pretty special. "It's 18 holes but if I play the way I know I can play [Johnson has] got a game on his hands." As well as a spot in the quarter-final of the event, there is also a bigger prize at stake for Bland, who knows a strong finish in Austin this week could well secure him a maiden invite to next month’s Masters tournament. JUST IN: Tiger Woods' comments on returning to action with star named on Masters provisional list  The Englishman headed to the States as a relative unknown this week, having played nearly all of his professional career back home on the European Tour. His rise to the top though has not been easy after he lost his tour card just four years ago. As a result, Bland was forced to take the drop back down to the Challenge Tour where he battled back to reinstate his spot on Europe’s top circuit one season later. After nearly 20 years and 478 starts, the Englishman finally secured his first European Tour win at last year’s British Masters. DON'T MISSSaudi Golf League door still open for Phil Mickelson after PGA Tour legacy left in tattersRory McIlroy felt 'punch drunk' after snapping golf club in fit of rage at 'crazy' courseBrooks Koepka makes Saudi Super League admission as ‘everyone talks about money'  In doing so the then 48-year-old became the circuit’s oldest ever first-time winner, as he saw off Guido Migliozzi in a tense play-off. His victory earned him a prestigious spot at the 2021 US Open, and the Englishman did not disappoint, as he led the major after 36 holes before staggering home to a tied-50th finish at the weekend. Up for grabs next though is a spot at the most lucrative event on the golfing calendar, with an invite to Augusta National within touching distance. As a result, Bland is required to move into the world’s top 50 in order to book a Masters spot, and after starting the week 57th he knows a solid week in Austin will secure that. 