Whether expats relocate overseas for work, to be closer to family or simply to experience a new lifestyle, people are more likely to stay in their new home if they are happy. Although happiness in a location can be based on a number of preferences, the World Happiness Index aims to discover the "happiest" countries in the world based on statistics ranging from healthcare to personal liberties. READ MORE: Ukraine war: Britons issued new advice for travel to Europe The report, which is celebrating its 10th anniversary this year, is published each spring by the UN’s Sustainable Development Solutions Network, based on data from the Gallup World Poll. Locals from each country rank their experience of life there, with the team of experts also examining this against each nation’s GDP, life expectancy, generosity, social support, freedom and corruption levels. According to Lara Aknin, an associate psychology professor who was part of the team of experts behind the report: "Data considered in the World Happiness Report offers a snapshot of how people around the world evaluate their own happiness and some of the latest insights from the science of well-being. "This information is incredibly powerful for understanding the human condition and how to help people, communities, and countries work toward happier lives." DON'T MISSKate Middleton's affordable holiday destination is 'the nicest place' [REVEALED]TUI hand luggage policy - which passengers can take a cabin bag? [EXPLAINER]Turkey is the best value holiday destination for 2022 [REPORT] For the fifth year in a row, Finland was voted as the "happiest" country in the world, with a "happiness score" of 7.8. According to the report, "this year Finland's score was significantly ahead of other countries in the top 10." Nordic countries made up the majority of the top 10. Denmark and Iceland followed Finland, taking the second and third spots respectively with "happiness scores" of 7.6 and 7.5. Sweden and Norway also made it into the top 10, taking the seventh and eighth spots. Sweden earned a "happiness score" of 7.5, while Norway followed closely with a score of 7.3. Switzerland took fourth place, with a score of 7.5, and the Netherlands followed closely behind in fifth place with a score of 7.5. Likewise, Luxembourg also earned a "happiness score" of 7.4, placing it sixth in the ranking. Bringing up the rear of the top 10 were Israel and New Zealand, in ninth and tenth place respectively. Israel achieved a score of 7.5 and New Zealand achieved a score of 7.2. The UK did not make it into the top 10 list, however, it did just slide into the top 20. Ranking as the 17th "happiest" country in the world, the UK accumulated a "happiness score" of 6.9.