There could be some big ties in tonight's FA Cup quarter-final draw, with Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester City already through to the final eight. Holders Leicester City are already out so the trophy is set to change hands this year as those still in it begin to dream of Wembley. Non-league Boreham Wood face Everton this evening, while Nottingham Forest and Huddersfield bid to be the second Championship side in the draw after Middlesbrough toppled Tottenham this week. Express Sport simulated the draw, which threw up some mouthwatering contests. All other teams vying for FA Cup glory would certainly be pleased to see one of these two tournament favourites knocked out. In the fifth round, City battled past Peterborough 2-0, while the Reds survived a minor late scare to see off Norwich City 2-1 at home. Liverpool already have one major domestic trophy under their belt after pipping Chelsea to the Carabao Cup last weekend. Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp are worthy opponents for one another, and with the Premier League title race alive and kicking, such a quarter-final clash would be finely balanced after their 2-2 draw at Anfield in October. JUST IN: Boreham Wood's FA Cup hero Kane Smith on Everton dream, Hibbert chats and Gordon worry The Blues had to dig deep on Wednesday night against Luton Town, who went into the break 2-1 up. Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner came to the rescue, keeping hope alive for Thomas Tuchel's men after losing the Carabao Cup final on penalties. A victory for Everton in their fifth-round tie could see Chelsea legend Frank Lampard come up against the club who sacked him just over a year ago. The Toffees would need to beat National League side Boreham Wood on Thursday night to make it happen. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has decisions to make on four playersRodriguez alerts Everton boss Lampard with second hint on returnChelsea's Werner offered exit route with Blues 'ready to discuss' sale The Saints made sure of their quarter-final spot with an impressive win over West Ham on Wednesday night, and Romain Perraud's sensational strike was deserving enough on its own. Palace, meanwhile, relied on a late Jairo Riedewald winner to edge past Stoke City 2-1 earlier in the week. The prospective all-Premier League tie would be tricky to call, although Southampton are in the midst of a solid run of form. Palace's Michael Olise remains one to watch, having already notched two goals and two assists so far in this season's FA Cup. A meeting between two Championship sides would perhaps carry the highest stakes of all, with a Wembley semi-final on offer to the victor. 'Boro have already claimed two massive wins en route to the quarters, with shock results against Manchester United and Tottenham. Forest have hardly had a bad run either, beating Arsenal and Leicester, while Huddersfield dumped out Premier League Burnley in the third round. The Tricky Trees are due to face the Terriers on Monday evening, when their prospective quarter-final opponent will already be known following Thursday's draw.