According to reports, a pregnant woman, pictured being evacuated from a bombed maternity hospital in the Ukrainian city of Mariupol, died along with her baby. She was rushed to another hospital following the Russian attack last week, the AP news agency reported. Reports said the mother cried out “kill me now!" as doctors tried to save her and after she realised she was losing her baby. Surgeon Timur Marin discovered her hip was crushed and her pelvis detached in the Mariupol attack. The infant was delivered via caesarean section but showed "no signs of life," the surgeon added. Focusing on the woman, "more than 30 minutes of resuscitation of the mother didn't produce results". "Both died," the surgeon said. The Russian Air Force bombed Maternity Hospital No 3, a hospital complex functioning both as a children's hospital and maternity ward in Mariupol, on March 9. Three people, including a six-year-old girl, were killed by the explosion according to Ukrainian officials. President Volodymyr Zelensky called the act an “atrocity”, a “war crime” and “the ultimate proof of genocide against Ukrainians”. The hospital was hit “several times” by high-explosive Russian bombs, wounding at least 17 people. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Terrifying map shows Putin's barbaric war Following the bombing, Russia denied it had launched strikes on a hospital in the port city. Its ambassador to the UN, and its ambassador in London, said images of the atrocity were "fake news". Moscow claimed the building had been taken over by Ukrainian extremists and that no patients or doctors were left inside. Sergei Orlov, deputy mayor of Mariupol, said last week he is “absolutely sure” the Russians knew they were bombing a hospital when they launched the attack. He added “this is the third hospital they have destroyed” after a 300-bed Covid unit and blood bank were targeted on Tuesday. Beauty blogger Mariana Vishegirskaya, Also in the Mariupol hospital at the time of the attack, said "glasses, frames, windows and walls flew apart". She said: "We don't know how it happened. We were in our wards and some had time to cover themselves, some didn’t.” Ms Vishegirskaya gave birth to a healthy baby girl, Veronika, the day after. The Russian Embassy in London falsely accused her of being an actress and faking her injuries, claiming she was “playing a role” and had access to make-up that could make her injuries look genuine because she was a beauty blogger. Twitter later removed the posts, which were denounced by a spokesman for Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who accused the embassy of peddling disinformation. It comes as Russian and Ukrainian representatives are set to meet shortly in a bid to end the conflict. The fourth round of talks between Russia and Ukraine were due to start at 10:30 local time (08:30 GMT) according to Anton Gerashchenko, adviser to Ukraine's interior minister. Meanwhile Poland's Deputy Foreign Minister Marcin Przydacz said a Russian missile attack on a Ukrainian military base near the Polish border on Sunday was an attempt to "threaten" Nato. At least 35 people died in the strike on the Yavoriv training base, around 20km from the border with Poland.