Speaking at the United Nations in New York, the Countess said that life for women and girls in the country had regressed since the Taliban captured Kabul last year. She also warned that the “devasting” Russian invasion of Ukraine could distract the world’s attention from the plight of Afghan women.  She said: “It is so hard to imagine how much has changed for so many in so little time. “Where once there was hope, with women playing a central role in society, there is now hunger, destitution, and violence. “And now our attention is at risk of being diverted from Afghanistan, with the devastating invasion of Ukraine by its Russian neighbour. “But while our focus has naturally turned to these events, the crisis in Afghanistan has not gone away, and the effects are worsening daily.”  The Countess was speaking at the Upholding Women’s Rights In Afghanistan meeting as part of her role with the Women, Peace and Security (WPS) agenda. Describing her recent conversation with an Afghan translator who left his homeland in 2014, the Countess said he was deeply upset when speaking about his female relatives still living there. She also added that women in Afghanistan were “virtual prisoners in their own homes” under Taliban rule. Sophie said: “Life has regressed, yet the Taliban would have us believe that they are allowing citizens to go about their normal activities.  READ MORE: Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim  "We know that this is not true. “So, while we welcome their announcement that they have committed to re-opening schools to girls this month, and the return of some women to university, what we know is that the rights of women and girls have worsened. “Afghanistan is facing a desperate humanitarian and economic crisis.” The Countess made her appearance at the UN while on a four-day solo working trip to New York. DON'T MISS:  Princess Anne sparks frenzy with email confession after Twitter snub  [REVEAL] Kate’s ‘act of inconvenience’ to Camilla shows affection [INSIGHT] Meghan's sister has Twitter account suspended [SPOTLIGHT]  During her visit, she took part in engagements promoting gender equality in the workplace. To mark Commonwealth Day, Sophie Wessex also visited the Queen Elizabeth II Garden, which celebrates the friendship between the UK, USA and Commonwealth. 