Vladimir Putin has suggested that Ukraine and the US have biological and chemical weapons in Europe, a “clear sign” according to President Biden that he is planning to use them himself. The US President has warned Russia that they will face “severe consequences” at the hands of NATO if such weapons are deployed. He said on Monday: “[Putin’s] back is against the wall and now he’s talking about new false flags he’s setting up, including asserting that we in America have biological as well as chemical weapons in Europe. “Simply not true I guarantee you. They are also suggesting that Ukraine has biological and chemical weapons in Ukraine. “That’s a clear sign he’s considering using both of those. “He’s already used chemical weapons in the past, and we should be careful of what’s about to come.”  Russia’s Defence Ministry has previously accused Kyiv of planning a chemical attack against its own people with the intention of blaming it on Moscow. They did not provide any evidence to support this claim. The President added: “[Putin] knows there’ll be severe consequences because of the united NATO front.”  READ MORE: Oil prices soar to $115 as Brussels debate sanctions - 'Unavoidable' He did not specify exactly what action would be taken against Russia in the event of these weapons being used, reported the Guardian. President Biden last week called Putin a “war criminal”, a “murderous dictator” and a thug”, and the Pentagon said they had “clear evidence” that Russian forces were committing war crimes in Ukraine. The Russian foreign ministry hit back that such insults were “unworthy of a state figure of such a high rank” and relations between the US and Russia are now at breaking point. DON'T MISS:Ukrainian protesters try to block Roman Abramovich's luxury yacht with [REVEAL]Putin rumbled as Pravda leaks REAL Russian death toll – 20 times more [SPOTLIGHT]Calls for seizure of Putin’s $700 MILLION superyacht [LATEST]  The International Criminal Court has already announced it is investigating possible war crimes in Ukraine. The UN’s International Court of Justice has also called on Moscow to pull its forces out of Ukraine. Mr Biden has urged American businesses to step up their cyber security measures over fears a Russian cyber attack is imminent. He has said it is part of “Russia’s playbook” and they could be used as retaliation for the sanctions currently crippling the Russian economy. 