Once an orchid has stopped blooming, it will enter a stage called dormancy. It may seem like the houseplant is dead at first, but it is not. This dormancy stage is a resting period where the plant has time to replace nutrients that were dispensed during the blooming process. This dormancy stage usually lasts about six to nine months. After that, the orchid will have the energy to rebloom again. However, sometimes orchids need help with this process and require even more attention than they did before. With the right amount of tender love and care, gardeners can get their orchid to rebloom. Kate Lindley, houseplant expert at Baby Bio explained the “essential” trick to achieving “beautiful blooms”. She said: “Like all plants, sunlight is essential to allow your orchid to convert light into energy, and in turn produce an orchid’s beautiful blooms. “Most orchids thrive in bright but indirect sunlight, so east or west-facing windowsills are ideal. “But beware of too much sunlight in west-facing positions during hot afternoons.” Gardeners can always protect their orchids from damage by “dappling” the sunlight with a blind. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home Kate advised all orchid owners to check their plants’ requirements before placing them in a certain area. She said: “Remember that there are some varieties which prefer full sun, such as Vanda orchids. “So ensure you always check your plants requirements before placing it in its new spot for the spring and summer.” Watering schedule is a must for orchids to “actively grow”. Kate explained: “As the weather warms up and your orchid begins to actively grow again, it is also time to increase your watering schedule. DON'T MISS:‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [COMMENT]How to clean glass shower doors - easy hacks using two kitchen items [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 2p hack for cleaning blinds [TIPS] “We recommend traditional watering from above using tepid water, as opposed to using ice cubes, as cold temperatures can shock the roots and prevent healthy growth. “Moth orchids are native to areas in Southeast Asia, and are therefore acclimatised to warm, tropical rains.” Plants hate huge temperature swings, especially on their roots. The cold from ice cubes could kill an orchid if it comes in direct contact. The houseplant expert noted how these plants shouldn’t be overwatered, as orchids are susceptible to root rot, so it will eventually die if it’s allowed to sit in wet potting mix. It’s also time to begin using fertiliser in spring to ensure its soil its enriched with all of the nutrients your orchid needs to grow stronger roots, brighter blooms and more luscious leaves. Kate said: “As a general rule of thumb, most orchids need a mix of nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium for optimum growth, so invest in a specialist plant food which can provide the perfect balance. “We recommend using an orchid feed like Baby Bio Orchid Food with every water for the brightest blooms. “Simply add five to 10 drops per half a litre of water every time you water.” As spring begins, gardeners should also ensure they are misting their orchids. Kate added: “During the spring months, you should also mist your orchid lightly to increase humidity “However, be careful you don’t soak the leaves or leave them damp as this can lead to mould, fungus, and leaf rot. “We recommend a spritz of Baby Bio Orchid Feed & Mist to create a humid environment, providing a fine mist that delivers nutrients to every part of the plant.”