The Chancellor Rishi Sunak proudly unveiled what he called an ‘historic’ cut in fuel duty from 6pm this evening which will last until March next year. The cut had been widely expected due to pressure on the Government during the current cost of living crisis. The Fair Fuel UK group who have regularly campaigned to have petrol and diesel prices lowered and any oil savings passed on to motorists praised the cut but called on Mr Sunak to do more and make it permanent. Founder Howard Cox said: "It would be churlish not to be thankful to the Chancellor in cutting fuel duty by 5p for 12 months. Well done Rishi! Our relentless campaigning has been fruitful. “It will give some respite to millions of motorists that have had and continue to have no choice but to drive. “It will only benefit drivers and the economy if the new fuel taxation level becomes permanent and is accompanied by the introduction of an independent pump pricing watchdog.” READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ Motoring expert Quentin Wilson wasn’t quite so full of praise, saying: “Sadly, this statement was a missed opportunity to accelerate the EV transition and reduce our reliance on foreign hydrocarbons. “While the Fuel Duty cut is in many ways understandable given the unprecedented cost of living crisis facing the country, it doesn’t make sense to not include additional extra incentives to switch to EVs. “In particular, the Chancellor could have cut the VAT on public charging from 20 percent to five percent to equalise it with home charging. “This would have sent a clear message that the best way to reduce emissions, lower fuel costs and stop buying foreign oil is to switch to an EV.” The 5p per litre cut is likely to cost the Government around £5billion however the cost of an average tank of fuel is made up of £47.30 and the cuts will only save around £2.75 of that. Personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Landown, Sarah Coles said: “The fuel duty cut is better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick, but it’s hardly going to be life-changing for hard-pressed motorists. “With the cost of unleaded petrol now almost £1.67 a litre on average it’s still going to mean we need to make some horribly difficult decisions about how and where we travel in future. “It’s also going to continue inflating the cost of transporting anything to stores, which will gradually feed into the price of everything on the shelves. “Life is going to keep getting more expensive, and this cut isn’t going to change that.” It comes as research finds two in five drivers in the UK are making fewer journeys by car in order to save money on fuel. Alex Kindred, Car Insurance Expert at Confused.com, said: “Fuel prices continue to rise at record-breaking figures, so the cut to fuel duty is a small step in the right direction. "Although it might not seem a lot in the grand scheme of things, if you tally this up every time you fill up your tank, the savings do add up. Although, this is still extremely high and unaffordable for some, so it's clear there's still a need to cut fuel costs. “Our research found that 40 percent of UK drivers are making a conscious effort to drive less in order to save on fuel at the moment.” There was no mention of a deferment of the new rules on red diesel from the Chancellor, which come in on April 1 and will restrict companies that can use the cheaper fuel. Many firms believe the restrictions will have a dangerous impact on industry, with companies in danger of liquidation. Red diesel is standard diesel which has been blended with red dye to mark its lower fuel tax duty required to pay on it. The fuel tends to be used for powering agricultural vehicles and machinery, fishing vessels, construction and forestry machinery.