Gemma Atkinson, 37, asked her Instagram followers to back her up after her Strictly Come Dancing star fiance Gorka Marquez, 31, mocked her for worrying about a certain wardrobe malfunction. The professional dancer shared a clip to his Instagram story of Gemma looking at herself in a hotel mirror. The actress was wearing a pair of black leggings with a white hoodie and a coat. To double check that she hadn’t fallen victim to an outfit blunder, Gemma bent over in front of the mirror to make sure her underwear wasn’t showing through her leggings. In his disbelief, Gorka asked his 688,000 followers: “Is this a thing?” Along with several laughing emojis. Explaining herself, Gemma reposted the clip to her own story and urged her fans to back her up. READ MORE:Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' She said: “Every woman does the ‘see through test’, right??” Gemma and Gorka met on Strictly Come Dancing during the 2017 series when she was partnered with Aljaz Skorjanec and he competed with Alexandra Burke. They finally went public with their romance in February 2018 after performing on the Strictly tour. Speaking on Manchester radio station, Key 103, at the time, Gemma gushed: “Obviously we worked together. I've known him for six months now. During [Strictly] we only saw each other at weekends everyone was saying 'oh they're together' but we genuinely weren’t. “We just went for coffee and stuff on Sundays, not every Sunday, you can’t get to know someone just by seeing them at weekends. "It was only when the tour started that we saw each other all the time and we thought oh ok this could work, and it did, and it does so far!” The following year the couple announced they were expecting their first child, and little Mia was born in July 2019. Gemma frequently shares her parenting dilemmas on social media and recently fumed at Gorka about Mia’s sleeping patterns. DON'T MISS‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment[NEWS] In a video to her 1.7 million followers, she explained: “When Gorka's away and I'm on my own with Mia, I have to be in the 5am club. "I've got from 5 till 7 in the morning to train, eat, shower. "The day when he's home, the one day when he's home, she lies in." She ranted: "On the day I don't need help, rushing around. Kids know, unbelievable!" Gorka proposed to Gemma on Valentine’s Day last year, but it seems the couple still haven’t set a date for the big day. During an interview on Steph’s Packed Lunch in January, the dancer said: “We're too busy! We are always saying, 'We need to pick a date'. “We were talking the other day and we really need to book a holiday. We've been doing that for the last two years and haven’t booked one yet. We're just living and we're happy like that."