Much of the country is set to bask in pleasant temperatures of around 20C this weekend with a strong possibility of sunny blue skies on Saturday and Sunday. Met Office meteorologist Alex Deakin said the high temperatures are expected to continue over the next few days.  He said: “It may well be the shortest weekend of the year, because the clocks go forward, but it will be one of the sunniest. “It's going to be blue skies almost across the board on both Saturday and Sunday thanks to a chunky area of high pressure that's just wobbling around across the UK.” Mr Deakin did admit that there might be some mist and fog on Saturday but that it would turn into a “fine spring day”. He said: "A bit of a breeze blowing across southern England but not as windy as last weekend.  “And temperatures responding to the sunshine, getting up - just like they have done all week - into the mid or even high teens in places.” The clocks go forward one hour at 1am on Sunday and Mr Deakin added that the switch to British Summer Time will be met with “plenty of sunshine”. He said: “For most places it's another fine day with plenty of sunshine and temperatures again widely 15 to 18C, maybe 19 or 20 in one or two locations.” However, the forecast is likely to change for the worse by Tuesday with a cold air mass expected to bring lower temperatures and wet conditions by the middle of next week. READ MORE: Brits bask in final days of warmth as mercury 'starting to drop away'  The Met Office have warned freezing temperatures and wintry showers are also possible across the country, especially in the North and East. Chief meteorologist Paul Gundersen said rain was likely in many areas and snow could fall in hilly northern areas. He said: “Although the UK has had a good deal of fine and settled March weather in recent days, a change is on the way from the middle of next week with colder air spreading down from the north and the increasing likelihood of rain for most areas. “On the hills in the north, there's a chance of this falling as snow, although we'll gain more certainty on that in the coming days. DON'T MISS:  Brits to soak up last 20C sun this weekend before bitter -4C cold snap [REVEAL] ITV Weather host Lucy Verasamy issues warning amid 'fickle' prediction [INSIGHT] UK weather forecast: -8C Scandinavian snow bomb to pummel Britain [SPOTLIGHT]  “With the influence of some unsettled weather, we'll be seeing a marked drop in temperatures for most with colder air arriving from the North. “This will see maximum temperatures drop into single figures for many areas, and below freezing overnight.” 