After The Beatles' massively successful ninth record, The White Album, in 1968, the pressure was on for them to release another smash hit. Emerick described the atmosphere behind the scenes during the writing and recording of The White Album as dreadful. He explained: "The group was disintegrating before my eyes." Emerick said the recording experience during those days in the summer of 1968 was "ugly". He continued: "Like watching a divorce between four people. After a while, I had to get out." After that, Emerick quit working for The Beatles and would not return to record their follow-up album, Abbey Road. But the band and their producer, George Martin, coaxed him back into working on the Fab Four's music. However, he was still reluctant at the time. And it's no wonder why after describing working on The White Album as "a nightmare". (Via Musicradar) Emerick said: "I was becoming physically sick just thinking of going to the studio each night. I used to love working with the band. By that point, I dreaded it. Getting out was the only thing I could do." His return was unexpected, but he had certain assurances from members of the band - who had just recorded large chunks of their final album, Let It Be - on a better atmosphere. He continued: "It came about through a conversation George Martin had with Paul [McCartney]. I had left EMI, but I was employed by The Beatles and was overseeing the construction of a new studio for them at Apple. After Let It Be, which I understand was not very pleasant for anybody, Paul was very keen to make a record the way the band used to." READ MORE: Paul McCartney branded an 'album filler' Beatles song 'failed attempt' Emerick said Paul McCartney wanted him and Martin behind the production console once again. He added: "He [McCartney] said things would be better than what they had been." And Emerick took him at his word - and he wasn't the only member of the band who wanted to cultivate a better culture during recording: John Lennon also agreed with McCartney. Emerick said: "John said the same thing to George Martin. In the back of my head I might have had some reservations, like: 'Well, we'll see…' But I was surprised and pleased at how everybody got along." Despite how much everyone enjoyed one another's company, Emerick noted how he didn't expect the band would break up in the months that followed. DON'T MISS...Paul McCartney branded an 'album filler' Beatles song 'failed attempt' [NEWS]George Harrison branded singer 'looniest person I know' [INFO]John Lennon was rejected by iconic rocker over political request [INSIGHT] Emerick revealed: "I didn't think it would be the last one. And nothing was said to indicate that, at least not to me. As far as I understood it, we'd be working on another record in the new studio I was building at Apple. The band was getting along better. The mood wasn't bubbly and fun all the time, but it was a hell of a lot better than during the previous year." He also revealed how the legendary Abbey Road album cover "sent a message" to fans about their status as a band. The album cover shows the four band members walking across a zebra crossing where Abbey Road is. Emerick said the direction they were walking said all the band wanted to say about their future. Emerick said: "For people who don't know the geography, they're actually walking away from the EMI Studios - or Abbey Road, as everybody knows it now. This was intentional on their part." Despite his reluctance to work with the band at the beginning of Abbey Road, Emerick revealed he was pleased to return to working with the Fab Four. He said: "I'm glad I came back for the final bow. To have missed being a part of the Abbey Road album, I'd still be kicking myself." SOURCE