Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch, whose real name is Sophie Hinchliffe, shot to fame after she shared her unusual cleaning tips and recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning star has now managed to gain over four million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to sharing cleaning and tidying hacks, which includes a fruit hack for descaling kettles. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, which has over 109,000 group members, one group member asked for advice on how to successfully descale their kettle. She said: “I was wondering how you clean out the inside of a kettle.” The inside of a kettle can quickly build up with limescale, and since you’ll be directly consuming the water from the kettle, it’s really the last place you want to see it. Some modern kettles have an element built in behind a metal base plate, which reduces the risk of element damage and significantly lengthens their life span. READ MORE: Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it But this doesn’t mean limescale won’t be a problem. The most common solution was to use a fresh lemon. Chantal Haynes said: “Boil the kettle with a lemon in it.” Laura Morgan commented: “Buy some lemons and throw it in the kettle and boil it. Then empty the kettle and boil it with clean water.” DON'T MISS:Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how  [INSIGHT]How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps [TIPS]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT] Amy Harper wrote: “Use lemons to remove the limescale from your kettle. It’s so cheap and easy. “All you have to do is slice one lemon in half and put both halves into the kettle and boil. Once boiled, empty out and boil with fresh water.” Tracey Carter suggested: “Add a fresh lemon or lemon juice to your kettle with water and boil and leave it to sit for 15 minutes. “Then empty the contents and boil with clean water.” Putting lemons or lemon juice on to boil can revive its shine and remove any signs of limescale. You can buy a four-pack of lemons from ASDA for just 54p, working out at just under 14p per lemon. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using white vinegar to descale a kettle. Kim Urch suggested: “White vinegar and a bit of water in the kettle, boil and leave for half an hour, then rinse.” Kelly Ballard said: “Neat white vinegar in your kettle, let it sit for an hour or two and rinse. It’s limescale from your water.” Tracey Beyond explained: “Equal parts white vinegar and water. Bring to the boil and leave for half an hour, then rinse.” Amy Grafin Von Deym wrote: “Boil white vinegar in the kettle and swish it around, then repeat after boiling. Brings mine up brand new every time.” Rachel Prew added: “Half white vinegar, half water, boil and leave for 25 minutes. It might need doing twice.”