The Duke of York took centre stage this week as he accompanied the Queen to Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey. Andrew travelled with his mother from Windsor Castle, and helped her into the church through a side entrance to reduce the amount of walking for the 95-year-old monarch. Her Majesty had been expected to be shown to her seat by the Dean of Westminster, the Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle, with Andrew expected to walk to his seat alongside his daughters Beatrice and Eugenie and their husbands. Instead, Andrew had the leading role of escorting his mother to and from the front of the church, taking a front row seat himself. It was his first public appearance since the settlement of the civil sexual assault case brought against him in the United States. The Duke was accused by Virginia Giuffre of sexually assaulting her in 2001 when she was 17, claims which Andrew vehemently denied numerous times. After a New York judge rejected Andrew’s arguments for the case to be dismissed, indicating that it should go to trial, both parties eventually came to a settlement out of court. Andrew’s future remains unclear, as further public appearances at this year’s Platinum Jubilee events have been touted. For his daughters, the picture is clearer, a source once claimed. READ MORE: Queen Mother was 'devastated' when Queen married Prince Philip Speaking to The Telegraph in 2020, the source said Beatrice and Eugenie will have found peace with their own quasi-royal status as a result of the scandal surrounding their father. They said: “Although Andrew was always pushing for them to have more royal responsibilities, all Bea and Eug have ever really wanted is to live their own lives, while supporting the Queen when the need arises. “In many ways, what has happened with their father has finally settled the debate over their future. “It actually makes life a little easier for them.” Beatrice and Eugenie are not considered ‘working royals’ as they are not paid to represent the Royal Family. They are not supported by the Sovereign Grant and have both supported themselves with jobs, but they do still appear at major public events with the rest of the Royal Family. Beatrice has previously worked for the Foreign Office and Sony Pictures before taking on a role as Vice President of Strategic Partnerships within software company Afiniti. Her younger sister Eugenie, meanwhile, is associate director of London art gallery Hauser & Wirth. DON'T MISS:Prince Philip's ex-bodyguard slams Harry's 'strange' memorial snub [QUOTES]Royal Family LIVE: William & Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after tour [REVEALED]Sophie Wessex leaves royal fans ‘awestruck’ [QUOTES] Both also work privately with a number of charitable organisations, including the Teenage Cancer Trust and Anti-Slavery International. In light of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepping back as senior working royals, it had been speculated that the York sisters might increase their responsibilities.  However, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams suggested that any potential plans would be put on hold in the wake of their father being effectively banished from the limelight. He told Express.co.uk earlier this year: “The Yorks are a close-knit family and this will be devastating for them. “They only perform a very few royal duties. “However, any expansion of their roles, which was a possibility as there are fewer senior royals and many of them are no longer young, is now impossible for the foreseeable future.” With little over two months to go until Platinum Jubilee celebrations begin in earnest, the York presence at celebrations is still unclear, with a source telling The Times that Andrew “is not ruled out from attending family events”. Gideon Benaim, a lawyer who specialises in protecting reputations of high-profile people, told the BBC: “The Queen's decision to publicly position herself with Prince Andrew is a clear indication that Her Majesty sees the matter as having been concluded. “Ultimately, almost anyone can repair their reputation, with the right circumstances, moves and the passing of time. “That said, I believe the Duke's return to public life will be a more gradual process and one which may never be the same as it was.” Likewise, the BBC’s former royal correspondent Peter Hunt asked: “If he can escort his mother at such a high-profile event, why can't he unveil a plaque?” He added that the Queen has “done what she always does and protected him” but the wider world might be less forgiving.