The state pension will not undergo the bumper boost of eight percent which was expected a few months ago. This is due to the fact the triple lock mechanism has been temporarily scrapped. Earnings data was warped due to office returns after the pandemic, meaning a rise by this measure was deemed unaffordable. Instead, a double lock was implemented, between 2.5 percent and the rate of inflation in September 2021. The higher measure was inflation at 3.1 percent, which has subsequently soared. For many pensioners, though, this increase is nowhere near acceptable, especially with costs rising. READ MORE: State pension: Can you inherit a state pension? Consequently, many have urged the Chancellor Rishi Sunak to step in and reimplement the measure, or drastically increase the state pension sum. Express.co.uk readers responded to a recent Parliament petition calling on the Government to increase the state pension to £400 per week. User Audumla said: “Some pensioners, like my late father, had rent and council tax rebate that helped him manage. “Every time his pension increased, his rebates went down, so the rise was mostly taken up by increased rent and council tax. DON'T MISSBritons drawn into HIGHER taxes in Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth’ move [INSIGHT]Universal Credit and PIP payment dates to change next month [UPDATE]Britons warned about safety of pension savings in divorce [EXCLUSIVE] “He was never really any better off. It’s called the poverty trap!” Mekomekon wrote: “The state pension is a joke! Going to get £20 a month rise in April, but that won’t even cover energy bill rise.” The user ‘Amach leis an EU’ stated: “£7000 per annum is a ruddy insult - how can people be expected to live on this? “Boris cannot read his own voters. This is utterly pitiful and very dangerous.” While Adrian_Bru said: “With inflation running at near double figures, how can Sunak justify not reinstating the triple lock for pensioners? “This 3.1 percent increase offered won’t even make a dent in the increase in fuel payments, let alone the myriad of other increases.” However, others were more skeptical of the idea of a £400 payment via the state pension. Grimuphere remarked: “I don’t recall paying £400 per week in NI contributions. Why should I expect £400 per week back?” While ThisIsIt stated: “I feel sorry for pensioners, but unfortunately you paid in peanuts. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “You can’t expect a decent return when you come to claim your state pension. The cupboard is bare.” The new state pension will rise from £179.60 per week to £185.15 per week - the equivalent of £9,628 annually. The older ‘basic’ state pension scheme will increase from its current £137.60 per week to £141.85 per week - working out as £7,376 per year. These changes will come into force from April 11, 2022 onwards. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We want pensioners to receive all the support to which they are entitled. “Our Winter Fuel Payments are supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim. “The one-year move to temporarily suspend the triple lock ensures fairness for both pensioners and taxpayers, and follows action we took last year to protect pensioner incomes. “We know this has been a challenging time for many people, which is why we’re providing support worth around £12billion this financial year and next to help households across the country with the cost of living. A further £9billion was recently announced by the Chancellor to protect against the impact of rising global energy prices.”