Katie Price: What Harvey Did Next is the follow up to Katie Price: Harvey and Me and documents her 19-year-old son as he gets ready to head off to college. Katie has negatively been in the press on and off for the better part of the last year with her multiple drink-driving crashes and volatile relationship. For many viewers, her latest TV special was one too many. The former glamour model receiving a suspended jail sentence for drinking under the influence charge in September last year. The hour-long special followed Harvey's journey as he settled into the National Star College in Gloucestershire. However, minutes into the show, viewers took to social media to share their disdain. Read More: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell ‘No thank you!’ @Lost_In_Films_voiced their opinion: "I can't believe anyone actually watched #WhatHarveyDidNext. Those watching just feed the #KatiePrice gravy train keeping her out of jail. It's bad enough that part of the BBC license fee went towards saving her from bailiffs." Angry @Dits1710 tweeted: "The #BBC has the nerve to promote a convicted drunk driver #KatiePrice programme. Wtf is this bulls**t." "Why is this criminal given airtime on the BBC, and recently Channel4? Just one endless grift. #katieprice", @angegarrod added. @andrew2021k chirped up with: "She is honestly a disgrace. #katieprice #HarveyPrice During the programme, we see the young man who wants to follow other people his age and go away for college. The documentary opened with Harvey and Katie prepping his belongings to move away. Despite studying Monday to Friday for the last two years, this will be the first time he will stay away for an extended time for education. Although the show received lots of negative feedback online, several viewers jumped to the mum's defence. DON’T MISS…Camila Cabello suffers wardrobe malfunction on The One Show 'Happens to the best of us!' [LATEST]NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war: 'Who cares!' [LATEST]Law and Order revival dealt huge blow just weeks after season 21 premiere [LATEST] @Anastasia_T22 commented: "#katieprice Katie, I am watching your documentary, What Harvey Did Next, I have cerebral palsy and other health conditions. I to have been to The National Star Centre in Cheltenham, you are doing a fabulous job. Take care, Anastasia." (sic) James Jenson Rand backed up Jan: "Whatever people may think of Katie Price, you cannot deny that she is a good mother. I hope that Harvey settles in well. #katieprice #jordan #whatharveydidnext." "Say what you like about Katie Price (clearly, she's made some pretty rubbish decisions over the years- come on girl, get your sh*t together) but she is an exceptional mum to Harvey and will fight his corner no matter what. "That's applaudable #katieprice #whatharveydidnext," @minieggsxjesus shared." The BBC one-off showed the potential positive impact that Harvey could have by staying there. TV personalist Katie struggled to come to terms with her son moving away but fully supported the decision as she knew it was the best option for him. Opening up, she candidly said: "Emotionally, you feel he has been taken off of you. The emotional thing is, 'oh my god, what am I going to do? Is Harvey going to think that I have just left him?" Getting to visit her son she revealed how "proud" she was of her son while showing viewers a more vulnerable side of herself. Katie Price: What Harvey Did Next is available to stream on BBC iPlayer