The US Vice President was meeting Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness at the White House on Wednesday, the first such visit by the Caribbean Island’s leader since 1995. Ms Harris, whose father emigrated from Jamaica to the US, discussed steps Washington could take to support Kingston to recover from the economic impact of the pandemic.  Wednesday’s meeting commemorated the 60th anniversary of diplomatic ties between the countries. The Vice President said the two leaders discussed new efforts to help Jamaica recover from the pandemic, crime prevention efforts, the environment and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Ms Harris said: “We also recognise, just as it has been in the United States for Jamaica. “One of the issues that has been present as an issue, economic in the way of its impact, has been the pandemic.   “So that end we are announcing today, also that we will assist Jamaica in Covid recovery. “By assisting in terms of the recovery effort in Jamaica that have been essential to what, I believe, is necessary to strengthen not only the issue of public health but also the economy.” Ms Harris’s speech was lambasted by Twitter users. One Twitter user wrote: “Such wasteful gibberish especially when one considers the significance of the passage of time. READ MORE:Vladimir Putin leaves Russians livid: 'We are so depressed'  “Time is so significant and we should recognize that gibberish is not useful when considering the significance of the passage of time.” Meanwhile, Twitter user @Dylan37810765 wrote: “How did she even graduate high school?” Another, @Marlodella, wrote: “This reminds me of having to write a 10-page essay in high school for a 1-page topic.” A fourth Twitter user, @hoo_lee_oh, added: “I used to re-write papers for the homies back in school and YES, every single one sounded like this! This is the struggle when you have a 2k word requirement.” DON'T MISS:  Huge explosion rocks Russia as sparks fly on border with Ukraine [REVEAL] UK praised by Ukrainian pilot for playing crucial role in war [INSIGHT] Macron 'has a lot to answer for' as arms sales by EU to Putin released [SPOTLIGHT] User @BksClark wrote: “My Tax dollars at work….. 100 million dollar checks going elsewhere and not our backyard.” Another, @Cognetta74, added: “She actually makes Biden sound coherent.” While @cellardogg wrote: “Is she speaking Jamaican?” 