Big discounts on Apple products are pretty rare but budget supermarket chain Aldi is offering just that. The firm's online store had already made the AirPods a bit cheaper with a deal that cut the cost to £109.99 but now things are even better thanks to an even bigger discount. This new deal means you can currently pop a pair of these wireless earbuds into your online shopping basket for just £99.99 - that's £20 less than buying them directly from the Apple Store. Aldi's offer includes the 2nd Gen AirPods which feature a neat charging case and a five-hour battery life with fast refilling when they do run low. This quick power boost will give you three hours of music playback after just 15 minutes. There's also the new H1 chip tucked inside which not only offers a more stable Bluetooth connection but also allows for faster pairing and more seamless switching between Apple devices. Another nice of feature of the 2nd Gen AirPods is simple access to Siri with Apple's assistant able to make calls, play songs and pump up the volume via voice commands. YOU CAN SEE THE ALDI DEAL HERE The 2nd Gen AirPods are some of the most popular music makers on the market but if you fancy treating yourself to something even better then a trip to Amazon could be in order. That's because the online retailer has just slashed the price of the premium AirPods Pro. These wireless earbuds feature a new design with changeable rubber tips for an improved fit plus there's full Active Noise Cancellation. This means you'll only hear your music and not any annoying background sounds around you. There's clever Spatial audio with dynamic head tracking that helps turns movies and TV shows into a cinema-like experience, with sound that surrounds you in exactly the right place. These earbuds also get a charging case that can be refilled wirelessly and you can control the music via the stems on each bud. The AirPods Pro would usually set you back £239 when buying them directly from Apple but that price has been slashed to just £174.99 thanks to Amazon's offer. Along with that deal, Amazon has also cut the cost of the iPhone 12 and iPhone 13 range with some of these devices reduced by as much as £120. For example, Amazon is selling the iPhone 12 with 256GB of storage for £709 which is 14 percent off the usual £829 price. To make things even better this deal is available in all colours including Black, Blue, White and Purple. You can also get the standard 64GB model for just £604 - saving £70.