One has warned the new changes were “blackmail” as others warned “rip-off councils need reining in”. It comes after Oxford City Council introduced their new Zero Emissions Zero (ZEZ) on Monday. The new scheme will see daily fees issued to all non-zero-emissions vehicles who use nine streets in the city centre. Owners of the most polluting petrol and diesel vehicles will face the hugest £10 fee, rousing to £20 a day within just a few years. Express reader ‘newshound21’ said: “Money for old rope, isn’t it? “Yet again the motorist is seen as a cash cow you can milk for the smallest of reasons.” READ MORE: British motorists furious over new car tax rules Another added: “Another money-making scheme just like speed cameras and parking charges. “Rip-off councils need reining in.” ‘ByGeorge’ said: “This is no more than blackmail. “Vehicle drivers already pay enough tax to use their vehicles.” DON'T MISSCar tax fees 'should be the same across all cities’  [COMMENT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [INSIGHT]Residents may not be able to get exemptions ahead of car tax changes  [ANALYSIS] ‘Arnier56788’ added: “Seems to be the general consensus that Oxford will lose out financially, especially the smaller businesses. “Slow clap for Oxford city council.” However, some road users have warned they will be boycotting Oxford as a result of the new charges. They attacked the "greedy council” for the changes and warned the new fees will “stop people from visiting and spending money in the city. ‘Tankerman’ said: “Let the councils do their worst. “Those of us who can, will keep out of these cities.” Reader ‘B1’ added: “Simply don’t go. “If one does it simply lines the council pockets to expand and come up with more forms of taxation.” ‘Frances48’ added: “A very greedy council with absolutely no thought of anything else except their pockets. “I will not be visiting Oxford again neither will many others no doubt.” Super Sonic said: “All the city centre tax will do is stop people from visiting / working / shopping in the city centres in the long term, lowering their tax take from business rates and reduce tourism. “Talk about council numpties shooting themselves in the foot.”