 Will Smith, who went on to win Best Actor later that evening for his role in King Richard, lept from his front row seat onto the stage at the Academy Awards on Sunday night and attacked the comedian host, Chris Rock, after a jab at Mr Smith’s wife. The incident sparked hundreds of memes and became the most discussed topic of the event, overshadowing the awards themselves.     Mr Smith has apologised, but it is evident this isn’t something that the public is going to let go of any time soon. Calls are increasing from celebrities and beyond for the actor to face consequences for his outburst, with the likes of actress Zoe Kravitz, who was in the audience, expressing concern at the awards ceremony becoming a space where “we are apparently assaulting people on stage now”. On Thursday, the Academy announced it had initiated "disciplinary proceedings" against Mr Smith. It also said Mr Smith was asked to leave the ceremony at some point after hitting Rock, but that he had refused. In a statement, the Academy said: "Mr Smith was asked to leave the ceremony and refused, [but] we also recognise we could have handled the situation differently." It also announced it had "initiated disciplinary proceedings against Mr Smith for violations of the Academy's Standards of Conduct". These include inappropriate physical contact, abusive or threatening behaviour, and compromising the integrity of the Academy, it said. The Academy said action may be taken at its next board meeting on April 18. That may include "suspension, expulsion, or other sanctions," the statement said. Meanwhile, Mr Rock said he was "still processing" the incident in his first public comments since the ceremony.  Speaking to the crowd at a stand-up show in Boston, he said: "I'm still processing what happened, so at some point, I'll talk about that. It'll be serious. It'll be funny, but right now I'm going to tell some jokes." The incident occurred while Mr Rock was on stage at the Oscars, presenting the award for Best Documentary. Referring to Mr Smith’s wife’s shaved head, Rock said: “GI Jane 2, can’t wait to see it!”, referring to the 1997 film GI Jane, in which Demi Moore played the title role with a buzzcut. Jada Pinkett Smith, sitting next to her husband, rolled her eyes when Mr Rock joked about her shaved head. She has been public in her battle with the auto-immune disorder alopecia.  We all know what happened next. After Mr Smith went back to his seat, he shouted profanities at the comedian, repeatedly telling him to “keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth”. He went on to deliver a tearful, rambling acceptance speech for his award, and has since issued an unequivocal apology, saying he was “out of line” and the behaviour was “not indicative of the man I want to be”. So do you think he deserves to have his Oscar revoked? Vote in our poll and join the debate in the comments section below. 