Mr Seely fears that if Vladimir Putin knows he can control the West entering the war, then we “play into his hands”. While President Zelensky has urged NATO to impose a no-fly zone over Ukraine, Western powers have been hesitant to engage in direct conflict with Russian forces. The Tory MP for the Isle of Wight said: “If he [Putin] knows that we will react with military force, then we play into his hands because he can then choose the timing of our entry into this war. “Do you think that’s a good idea? I do not.” Host Christian Fraser questioned Mr Seely on “where the moral threshold is” regarding how far the West will intervene, particularly if Russia uses nuclear or chemical weapons which could impact other NATO countries. He replied: “I think the moral threshold is that understand, look, Ukraine has won this war.  “Ukraine, unless it is totally annihilated by Vladimir Putin, is never going to live under Moscow’s yoke again. “Whether it’s 100 percent of the country, or 95 percent, or 93 percent, we will work that out in talks. “The likelihood is that it may not get Crimea back and it might not get the little separatist states back either.  READ MORE: Smiling Macron revels in spotlight as Europe on brink of war “But look, Ukraine has fought and won its freedom already. “The question now is how much damage is Vladimir Putin going to do: a to Russia, b to Ukraine, and c to the rest of the world. “So that’s why you have to keep talking, you have to see the Russian state whether you like it or not in crisis, as well as the Ukrainian one.] DON'T MISS:GB News: Nigel Farage lays into 'serial bully' ex-Speaker John Bercow [LATEST]Sophie Wessex meets 90-year-old she called fortnightly during pandemic [ROYALS]Huge fire near hospital in Uxbridge [REVEAL]  “Although you are very clear in your moral delineation who is the hostage and who is the hostage taker, so to speak.” The Russian advance on Kyiv has now moved three miles closer to the capital, according to the BBC. Kyiv’s mayor said on Thursday that the city had become a “fortress” and was well defended by armed civilians. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has called for the pressure on Putin to be “ramped up”, otherwise the world risks sending a “dangerous message to would-be aggressors and authoritarians around the world”. 