Martin Roberts, 58, has been posting several updates from his travels to the Ukraine and Polish border to bring much needed medical supplies to the front line. The Homes Under The Hammer star has opened up today about how he has been told it's "too dangerous" to go to the frontline, and how "nervous" he is for the next step. Martin posted the two minute video update, along with a caption in view of his 40,000 Twitter followers. The caption read: "So today is the day I go to the Ukrainian border. I’m filled with purpose but a certain amount of trepidation. "I’m sure I’m going to see things that break my heart. "And I’m going just 20km away from where they bombed yesterday. But I have a job to do." In the two minute video, he began: "Morning, so finally arrived near the border to Ukraine, Polish Ukraine border after a mammoth drive yesterday. READ MORE: Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert "Started off at eight o'clock in the morning and arrived at basically two o'clock this morning, so it was a lot longer than we thought. "But anyway, a few hours sleep and today's the day we are actually rendezvousing with our contacts on the border. "Now, I will let you know something. We were potentially actually going to head into Ukraine to Lviv to make sure things get to the more than frontline." He continued: "But we have been advised with the situation escalating that it's incredibly dangerous. "And what we should do is that we should rendezvous with our contacts on this side on the Polish side, right on the border of Ukraine. "So, we are going to go now to a few different refugee places on this side and also meet up with some people who are actually going back into Lviv and they will be taking medical supplies to hospitals in Lviv. "So we know that they are absolutely going to the right place." The property expert then showed the content contents of his van to demonstrate how "vital" his trip is. DON'T MISS... 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [INSIGHT] Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display as she dances around [INSTAGRAM] Harry Potter's Emma Watson 'shades' JK Rowling at BAFTAs [COMMENT] He continued: "There is no doubt that what we are carrying is absolutely vital so I have a feeling it is going to be pretty traumatic, so I am very nervous. "But we've got a job to do and I need to focus on that. I will share with you what happens next." Many social media users took to the posts comments to offer aid to the presenter as well as commemorate his actions. Ushapall said: "Keep going Martin... you're doing really well. What a kind gesture and bravery." BettyEmma added: "Stay safe Martin. You are doing an incredible thing there, but stay safe." AnetteAylett commented: "Thinking of you and all the other selfless people as you put yourselves in danger to help others. Thank you." This comes after the property expert took to social media on Sunday, March 6 tearfully as Costco rejected his purchase to buy multiple bottles of Calpol. He also said on Sunday how "scared" he was feeling ahead of his 22 hour journey to the border.