This week on Law and Order: Special Victims Unit, Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay) took down another horrific sex offender. With still no sign of her former partner, Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni) just yet, fans have a little longer to wait before the long-running NBC drama continues. The 23rd season of Law and Order: SVU won’t be getting any new episodes for two weeks. After a solid four-week run for the popular crime drama, next Thursday will be Law and Order-free for the first time since its break in February. Unfortunately, the series will also be off-air the following week as the hiatus will be in place until early April. The latest promo for the next episode has confirmed the as-yet-untitled episode 17 will air on Thursday, April 7. READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? In the recent teaser, Benson is informed of the shocking kidnap of five teenage girls. Her team will have to race against the clock to recover the victims in less than 24 hours before they’re sold to sex traffickers. However, things take a dark turn when a member of her team is struck down by a car, leaving Benson to call for backup. Fans will no doubt be frustrated they won’t get to see the next instalment for another fortnight, though the unexpected hiatus could provide a welcome respite from the intense action. The latest episode, Sorry If It Got Weird for You, saw Benson face off against what may have been one of her most despicable offenders yet. Creator of a popular dating app, Jackson Wright (Jon Glaser), is accused of using his invention to abuse women. Although he initially made bail, Jackson was later found guilty of rape when his company’s CFO made a startling accusation against him. Benson will hopefully come out on top again when Law and Order returns in two weeks’ time, but tracking down five missing girls may be an even bigger undertaking than taking down one man. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA: Callen dealt huge blow in hunt for deep fake culprit [TEASER]Good Sam delayed: CBS medical drama off-air for another week [LATEST]Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner posts tribute to late co-star [COMMENT] Meanwhile, there is still no sign of another crossover between SVU and the latest Law and Order offshoot, Organized Crime. The latest episode of Stabler’s series introduced Hollywood star Denis Leary’s guest spot as Frank Donnelly, a dirty cop within the NYPD. His operation gets complicated when he realises Frank is the son of his late father’s partner. As he worked to put an end to Frank’s illegal activities, his latest target drops a shocking revelation which challenges everything he thought he knew about his past. Unfortunately for die-hard Law and Order fans, Organized Crime is also heading on hiatus for the next couple of weeks. As NBC reaches a crucial time in its 2021-2022 season, the network will want to ensure each series has enough time to perfect the final episodes of the show’s latest runs. Sadly, this means Law and Order fans are a little further away from seeing Benson and Stabler’s long-awaited reunion after their all-too-brief crossover last year. Law and Order: Special Victims Unit returns Thursday, April 7 on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced.