Liverpool owners FSG are desperate to keep Mohamed Salah on their books for the foreseeable future but are not prepared to hand the Egyptian maestro a blank cheque in negotiations over a new and improved contract, according to reports. Salah has firmly established himself as one of Liverpool's most important assets over the last few years and can arguably be counted among the world's very best players after a hugely productive season on all fronts to date. The 29-year-old has scored 28 goals in all competitions since the beginning of the campaign and has been pivotal to keeping Liverpool in the hunt for this season's Premier League title alongside Manchester City.Salah has also chipped in with 10 assists for the Reds and came agonisingly close to securing continental glory at the Africa Cup of Nations with Egypt last month.However, his future at Anfield has been shrouded in uncertainty for some time amid his ongoing failure to agree terms over a new contract at the club.Liverpool chiefs have been locked in talks with Salah's representatives for some time but have been unable to strike a deal to extend his stay on Merseyside, which is set to end in the summer of 2023 as things stand.The situation could leave the Reds with a tricky dilemma over whether to cash in on Salah at the end of the season to avoid the prospect of losing him on a free transfer in a year's time. JUST IN: Eddie Howe slams VAR after Chelsea defeat, makes relegation prediction He is said to be unwilling to accept the current terms on offer as he wants to be paid a salary that would reflect his status as one of the Premier League's biggest stars.It seems as though Liverpool are not yet prepared to give up on the possibility of winning Salah over in spite of their reservations over committing to a mega-money deal in the near future.The Reds are prepared to make him the highest-paid player in the club’s history but will not completely demolish a wage structure that has served them so well over the years, according to The Athletic.Salah is already one of the club's highest earners alongside the likes of Virgil van Dijk and Thiago Alcantara but is said to be holding out for a major increase to his current salary. It remains to be seen whether Liverpool will eventually revise their conditions or if they will eventually be forced to let Salah leave in search of a move elsewhere over the coming months.Real Madrid and Barcelona have long been credited with an interest in the forward, who joined the Reds from Roma in the summer of 2017.Salah recently claimed that he is not making unreasonable demands in talks with the six-time European champions when quizzed on the prospect of signing a new deal earlier this year. "I want to stay, but it’s not in my hands," he told GQ in a wide-ranging interview back in January. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE  "It’s in their hands. They know what I want, I’m not asking for crazy stuff."The thing is when you ask for something and they show you they can give you something, because they appreciate what you did for the club."I’ve been here for my fifth year here now. I know the club very well. I love the fans, the fans love me."But with the administration, they have [been] told the situation. It’s in their hands." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here