Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on Instagram after she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now with more than four million Instagram followers, fans of the social media sensation often share their own finds, including how to remove rust from a bathroom radiator. Bathroom radiators are handy for drying towels fast, but they can also be a nuisance when it comes to rust. The combination of metal and oxygen with water or air moisture can cause a chemical reaction which forms rust. This may happen if the bathroom is hot and steamy and the radiator has damp towels on it. While it can be hard to remove, there are a number of different cleaning tips to try, including using ketchup. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for help. Karen Hare commented: “Does anyone have any advice on the radiator in my bathroom, it gets dusty and rusty, how do I clean it?” Annie Gibbons replied: “Screw up a good quality tin foil, rub with the shiny side to remove rust.” Regina Phalagne agreed and said: “To remove rust, use ketchup and foil.” DON'T MISS:How to create a ‘warmer home’ and minimise heat loss this spring [COMMENT]DIYer shares home office transformation - ‘so easy and fun’ [PICTURES]‘Key’ gardening job to ensure ‘bigger plants’ this summer [INSIGHT] “Tin foil gets all of my rust off, it’s insane, only £1 in B&M” wrote Becky Nelson. The foil works by using its coating of aluminium oxide to help break down the rust. Rebecca Nelson added: “I use white vinegar spray with kitchen roll, I have a glass cleaner too. Comes up brand new, also like the ketchup technique.” The rust may come off quicker when combining the foil with ketchup or white vinegar. White vinegar will help to break down the rust due to the acetic acid it contains. Ketchup can help to break down the carbon that creates tarnish on metal. The two will react and oxidise any tarnish that may have built up. However, cleaning enthusiasts should be careful not to apply the ketchup too liberally, as it can cause a mess. To help remove dust, Mrs Hinch fans recommended using a microfibre cloth. Jan Waterman commented: “I only use a microfibre cloth, bit of water to make it damp if needed, always so shiny.” Daniela Delfino said: “I use glass cleaner with a microfibre cloth, they’re pretty easy to keep clean.” When cleaning bathroom radiators, it is advised to make sure the heating is turned off to avoid burning skin.