International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan is in Baltimore, Maryland for dicussions with her US counterpart Katherine Tai. The pair want to boost trade in areas such as digital, green trade, as well as supporting small and medium enterprises looking to export abroad. The talks are the first trade negotiations between the UK and the US since Britain left the EU. US President Joe Biden has refused to begin negotiations on a full free trade deal since coming to office in January 2021. The White House has repeatedly warned a trade deal cannot be done until the UK drops its threat to trigger Article 16 of the Northern Ireland Protocol - which would suspend aspects of the international treaty. However, it is hoped today's meeting on individual matters could kickstart talks for a future pact. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG Speaking ahead of talks today, Ms Trevelyan said: "I am excited to join Ambassador Tai in Baltimore to kick-start these important conversations on the future of UK-US trade. "I look forward to welcoming Ambassador Tai to the UK later this Spring, where we will continue our discussions on how the UK and US work can use trade intelligently in the modern global economy. "Trade is central to the UK’s Levelling Up Agenda and how we will deepen UK-US trade links in a way that benefits communities across the United Kingdom." Ms Trevelyan will be in Baltimore for two days of meetings and will then welcome Ambassador Tai to the UK later in the year to continue negotiations. Britain already does £116billion in bilateral trade with the US. A senior US trade official said: "The purpose of this dialogue is to work together to make our trade smarter, and to help our workers and businesses compete in a really tough global economy." DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson left humiliated after being forced to admit mistake [UPDATE]Have your say: Was Boris right to compare Ukraine crisis to Brexit? [GET INVOLVED]EU diplomat: Brexit Britain 'made the difference' in Ukraine's war [INSIGHT] Another added: "We really do need to be creative and think outside the box when it comes to trade policy. "That's what this dialogue will help us unpack." Britain started negotiations on a free trade deal with the WHie House when Donald Trump was President. However they werepaused following Mr Biden's election.  As well as securing a deal being a priority for Westminster, some in the US are equally frustrated at the President for dragging his feet. Marjorie Chorlins, senior vice president at the US Chamber of Commerce, who will take part in meetings with British officials today, said it was disappointing that there were no plans to resume the talks on a free trade agreement anytime soon. "We should have been able to restart the US-UK negotiations. "We were five rounds in and a lot of great work was done. "This should have been easy lift with one of our closest allies." 