An F1 marshal who tweeted he 'hoped' Lewis Hamilton would suffer a crash mirroring Roman Grosjean's horror incident in 2020 has quit working at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. The incident has added to the controversy surrounding this weekend's action after a nearby fuel depot was set alight on Friday. Saturday's P3 and qualifying sessions and Sunday's Grand Prix were plagued with doubt on Friday evening after an extremist group targeted an Aramco facility just six miles away from the track. Yemen's Houthi rebels claimed responsibility amid their battle with the Saudi government. P2 was delayed by 15 minutes as crisis meetings were held between F1 president Stefano Domenicali and the teams. And after the action on the track, drivers, some of whom were opposed to driving this weekend, met for hours to discuss whether the race should go ahead. But whilst the action has resumed, tensions haven't been helped by a tweet from an F1 marshall working at the Saudi Arabian GP. He wished an accident upon Hamilton and called the seven-time world champion a 'dog' in response to his desire to help the nation's human rights record. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton's ideal retirement plan as Jenson Button weighs in  Replying to an image of Hamilton on Twitter, user @Heem4U said: "I hope he has an accident like Roman (sic) accident in Bahrain." And another message aimed at Hamilton in Arabic read: "The Saudi authorities do not respond to dogs. If a person saw him, they would have responded to him." Grosjean's crash at the 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix was one of the most harrowing in F1 history, with the Swiss-Frenchman lucky to escape alive. His Haas split in half and exploded into a gulf of flames after smashing through a barrier, after which he was airlifted to hospital with broken ribs and minor burns. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton, Max Verstappen and Co sent warning as FIA gets tough  @Heem4U had posted videos of the AlphaTauri pitstop and photos of F1 trophies onto his account from the circuit in Jeddah. But after the FIA were flagged about his social media activity, race organisers confirmed the individual 'has been removed from his post. And he has since issued an apology for his actions and confirmed he is no longer working at the race. In Arabic, he wrote: "I offer my apologies to the Saudi Motorsports and Motorcycle Federation. And for driver Lewis Hamilton. On my previous tweet, I announced (sic) my withdrawal from the ring [race]." MOST READ IN MOTORSPORT F1 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix LIVE: Practice Three and Qualifying latest updates F1 SAUDI GP F1 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix LIVE: Practice Three and Qualifying latest updates Saudi Grand Prix to GO AHEAD despite terror attack 6 miles from circuit 'EVENT IS SECURE' Saudi Grand Prix to GO AHEAD despite terror attack 6 miles from circuit F1 chiefs say Saudi GP WILL go ahead despite missile attack six miles away RACE STILL ON F1 chiefs say Saudi GP WILL go ahead despite missile attack six miles away Verstappen slams Drive To Survive doc for making Norris look 'a bit of a d***' STAP THAT Verstappen slams Drive To Survive doc for making Norris look 'a bit of a d***' "And for driver Lewis Hamilton. "On my previous tweet, I announced (sic) my withdrawal from the ring [race]."