Rafael Nadal has been diagnosed with a rib stress fracture which looks likely to put him out of action for between four and six weeks. The news will provide a boost to Novak Djokovic's chances of prevailing at Roland Garros - a happy hunting ground for Nadal over the course of his career. Nadal was beaten in the BNP Paribas Open on Sunday as 20th-seed American Taylor Fritz prevailed 6-3 7-5(5). The 21-time Grand Slam winner had cast aside the likes of Dan Evans, Carlos Alcaraz and Nick Kyrgios en route to the final which ultimately ended in disappointment. It was the 35-year-old's first loss in 20 matches this season, and he complained of breathing difficulties during the defeat. In toppling his legendary opponent, Fritz became the first American to triumph at Indian Wells in over two decades. After losing out in California, Nadal told reporters: "It's tough for me to breathe. When I try to breathe, it's painful and it's very uncomfortable. DON'T MISS: Emma Raducanu discovers gruelling Miami Open fate as draw made  "I don't know if it's something in the ribs. When I'm breathing, when I'm moving it's like a needle all the time inside here. I get dizzy a little bit because it's painful. It's a kind of pain that limits me a lot. It's not only about pain, I don't feel very well because it affects my breathing." With the dust now settled Marca claim that Nadal's doctor, Angel Ruiz Cotorro, has diagnosed him with a rib stress fracture. The injury allegedly occurred during his semi-final win over teenage sensation Alcaraz.  It is likely to keep him out for between four and six weeks which could severely hamper his preparations for the French Open. The Monte Carlo Masters and Barcelona Open Banc Sabadell are both in jeopardy, but he should make it back in time for the Mutua Madrid Open at the start of May. The Italian open may also be in the cards in mid-May when the sport's top stars will gear up for the year's second Grand Slam. Action at Roland Garros, where Nadal has prevailed on a remarkable 13 prior occasions, is currently scheduled to get underway on May 22.   Novak Djokovic will presumably have much more time to get into fit and fighting shape while one of his main rivals rests up away from the court. The Serb will look towards the tournament as a prime opportunity to bounce back on the Grand Slam stage after he was deported on the eve of the Australian Open earlier this year over Covid vaccination concerns. Nadal has typically reigned supreme over his peers on clay, but the Serb has dished out two of the Spaniard's three career defeats at his favoured major tournament. The most recent triumph was last year when Djokovic bounced back from a set down to win their semi-final clash in four. 