The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attended the memorial service honouring Prince Philip today. Prince Philip died last year at the age of 99, and many members of the Royal Family gathered at Westminster Abbey to honour his life of service. The service was emotional, with many royals brought to tears such as Princess Beatrice and Prince Charles.  The Queen was also in attendance – marking one of the first times Her Majesty has attended such a public event with lots of attendees. Kate and William brought with them their two eldest children, Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six. Kate stunned in a brand new Alessandra Rich pleated polka-dot silk crepe de chine midi dress. The couple and their two children provided many noteworthy body language moments at today’s memorial. READ MORE: Aldi’s sell-out log burner with over 800 five star reviews is back  Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse all these moments. She said: “After seeing the royal power couple looking relaxed and happy as a double-act on their tour, the service today showed them in the roles of both mourning grand-children and protective parents as they arrived with Kate holding Charlotte’s hand and George clutching his father’s. “You could see the body language of both pride and gentle promotion from both William and Kate. “They gently urged their children into what was their first royal rituals at a large, formal event.”   What was the dynamic like between William and George? Judi added: “William has the perfect mini-me in George, who clearly idolizes his dad and copies everything he does. “As they approached the hosts William gently pushed his son forward to be first performing the handshakes. “When George started smiling and even chatting he looked every inch like a smaller version of William,” the expert claimed.  “William’s body language showed how caring and protective he is with his son. “Keeping one hand on his shoulder or gently patting the other shoulder, he managed to push him forward but always offering reassurances as he did so.” Did Kate use similar parenting techniques with Charlotte? Judi claimed: “Kate had a similar technique with Charlotte, who looked so much like the Queen at her age as she shook hands firmly and chatted to her hosts.  “William wore a down-turned smile as he walked up the aisle, signalling he is still mourning his grandfather. “Kate sat unsmiling in her seat, dipping her head a couple of times so her face was covered by the brim of her hat. “This suggested she might have been as tearful or as close to tears as Charles, Sophie and her daughter.” Today marked nearly one year since Prince Philip’s funeral in 2021 which was a much more scaled-down event due to coronavirus restrictions. 