The Swedish retailer IKEA has put a whopping £1billion into an overhaul of its London stores, this includes buying a space on the iconic Oxford Street. But the new business strategy means closing its Tottenham superstore, thus putting 450 jobs at risk. Ikea is set to close its Tottenham superstore, leaving 450 employees at risk. However, the retailer has assured its workers that their livelihoods are being prioritised. Peter Jelkeby, Country Retail Manager and Chief Sustainability Officer, IKEA UK & Ireland said: "Taking care of our co-workers is our highest priority and we will lead with respect and compassion throughout the process. "The decision to propose closing the Tottenham store has not been taken lightly but we believe it is the right thing to do for our customers and business as we strengthen our position for the future. READ MORE: Peter & Autumn's body language 'looked pretty besotted' post-split  "We will do everything we can to support the co-workers affected and our hope is that as many as possible will continue their career journey with us." The Tottenham store is synonymous with its opening night, which was met with tragedy. On opening night in February 2005, violence broke out after just 30 minutes. Approximately 6,000 Ikea shoppers came to the store but fights broke out and cars were abandoned as customers tried to collect limited time bargains. One man was treated with stab wounds, and six were taken to hospital. Tottenham MP David Lammy credited the violent outbreak to IKEA's decision to offer cheap prices in a deprived area, causing a frenzy and rush. Despite closing down the Tottenham store, The Swedish retailer has plans to open a similar one in bustling Oxford Street in October 2023, where the former Topshop flagship store used to be. To increase its high street presence on the largest high street in the world, Ikea spent £378million on purchasing the location. The most recent London based addition to IKEA was a new mini store in Hammersmith, standing at around one quarter of the size of an average IKEA store. It boasts a Swedish delicatessen serving hot and cold traditional delicacies including Smorrebrod open sandwiches, Nordic Chicken Caesar and Swedish Mazarin - as well as the iconic Ikea meatballs in both meat and meat free varieties. IKEA is yet to reveal when its Tottenham store will close, but management have said that they hope to reposition all 450 employees that currently work there. The closure follows an extensive assessment of its UK stores. IKEA stated: "Last year, online represented almost half of the retailers’ total sales and the demand for different services as well as convenient deliveries accelerated." Consequently, the retailer will open a new store in Dartford, Kent this December, providing round the clock delivery across the capital. IKEA is recently concerned with moving its stores into inner cities as opposed to warehouses out of town, to give customers further accessibility. To combat job losses as a result of the Tottenham store closure, in excess of 600 vacancies will be created in London. Priority will be given to current employees. The existing IKEA stores in London are Hammersmith, Croydon, Greenwich, Wembley and Lakeside.