Andy Murray will donate his prize money for the remainder of the 2022 season towards helping children affected by Russia's invasion of Ukraine in an unbelievable pledge. The British tennis star is working with Unicef to supply those in need with medical supplies and development kits. Murray's announcement follows tennis' governing bodies donation worth £530,000 ($700,000) to support humanitarian efforts in the country and the Ukraine Tennis Foundation. The former world number one, a UNICEF ambassador, plans to play plenty of tennis this year after reuniting with Ivan Lendl. He will play at the Miami Masters, starting later this month, before beginning preparations for the grass-court season and Wimbledon. On Tuesday, Murray took to Twitter to announce his generous gesture in a partnership with UNICEF. JUST IN: Andy Murray 'believes he can be champion' as surprise decision lauded He said: "Over 7.5m children are at risk with the escalating conflict in Ukraine, so I'm working with @UNICEF_uk to help provide urgent medical supplies and early childhood development kits. "It's vital education continues, so UNICEF is working to enable access to learning for displaced children, as well as supporting the rehabilitation of damaged schools, together with replacement equipment and furniture. "I'm going to be donating my earnings from my prize money for the rest of the year, but anyone in the UK can support UNICEF's humanitarian response by donating to our appeal by following this link. "Children in Ukraine need peace - now." READ MORE: Murray details tennis retirement plan that involves Raducanu Murray isn't the only tennis star to donate winnings to the people of Ukraine, with Dayana Yastremska announcing her intent to do the same on Sunday. In the Lyon Open final, the Ukrainian WTA star narrowly fell to a 3-6 6-3 6-4 defeat to Zhang Shuai, just over a week after escaping her war-torn homeland. The 21-year-old was 'woken up by bombs' before fleeing, and after her inspiring performance in the final, she sent a tearful message to those still in Ukraine whilst draped in the country's flag. "It's been a tough week. If Ukrainian people are watching me, I want to say 'you guys are so strong, you have an amazing spirit, and I tried to fight for Ukraine," Yastremska explained. "The prize money I earn here [around £12,000] I'm going to give to the Ukrainian Foundation to support Ukraine. Thanks to the public for the support. "I've been fighting all week, not only for myself but also for my country. Everybody was supporting me a lot. I felt so much power from the people here."