Liverpool have been told they have the upper hand in their contract talks with superstar attacker Mohamed Salah. The Egyptian will see his current deal expire at the end of next season, with little sign of progress in negotiations with the Reds so far. That has prompted concern that Liverpool could lose their star man, who is currently the Premier League's top scorer. Salah has arguably never been more important to Jurgen Klopp's side and seeing him leave Anfield would be a bitter blow to the title challengers. The two sides are thought to still be some way from an agreement, with Salah looking to be made one of the highest-paid players in the Premier League. But Liverpool are reluctant to break their wage structure in order to meet those demands. Salah has continued to star for the Reds despite the uncertainty over his future, scoring four goals in his past five outings to help Klopp's side close the gap on Manchester City to just one point. Wth his importance clear, Liverpool know they need to find a way to break the deadlock in the talks. READ MORE: Liverpool backed to finish 10 points behind Man City in title race But Reds legend John Barnes believes that his former side actually hold the advantage in negotiations, despite Salah performing at such a high level. He told BonusCodeBets: “When it comes to Salah, if he leaves then I don’t see Roberto Firmino leaving. Obviously, Liverpool would want to keep Salah. "But if you look at what Luis Díaz has done since his arrival, with Diogo Jota and Mané being here, then that puts Liverpool in a stronger bargaining position [with Salah]. They want him to stay, but they have cover and play consistently well without him but, the emergence of Jota and Díaz means that it isn’t imperative for Liverpool to keep Salah." DON'T MISS: Liverpool drawing Benfica is a good omen for Klopp as quirk emerges (INSIGHT)Liverpool told to sign £50m star who Man Utd made have made top target (TRANSFERS)Jurgen Klopp's worrying four-word remark as Alexander-Arnold injured (NEWS) Jota has scored 13 goals in the Premier League so far this term, including the opener against Arsenal on Wednesday. Diaz meanwhile has impressed hugely since joining the Reds from Porto in January, with former Liverpool boss Graeme Souness hailing the Colombian as a "manager's dream". "He is any manager's dream. What I like about him is what he does without the ball, as well as with it. He is not the biggest guy, but he is willing to get back and put a challenge in. If this is his level, he is going to be in the first 11 every week. He has got everything that Mane has got, and more," Souness told Sky Sports on Wednesday.