The observation comes as Chinese President Xi Jinping yesterday broke his silence on Russia’s war in Ukraine, calling for "maximum restraint". Journalist Zoya Sheftalovich today pointed out that the Russian leader does not appear to be happy with Beijing's support for the invasion. Ms Sheftalovichc, the editor of Brussels and London Playbooks, highlighted a tweet on Wednesday from Russian state media RT about China's alleged human rights abuses of the Uyghur population in Xinjiang. She said: "Seems Putin isn't happy with China's tepid support for his war ..." Ms Sheftalovich's comments come as the CIA's director William Burns said Mr Xi has been "unsettled" by the difficulties Russia has faced with its war on Ukraine. During an appearance at the annual House of Representatives Intelligence Committee hearing on worldwide threats, Mr Burns said: "I do think that they [China] have been surprised and unsettled to some extent by what they've seen in Ukraine over the last 12 days - everything from the strength of the Western reaction, to the way in which Ukrainians have fiercely resisted. "I think they're a little bit unsettled about the impact on the global economy. "And third, I think they're a little bit unsettled by the way in which Vladimir Putin has driven Europeans and Americans much closer together. "They [China] did not anticipate the significant difficulties the Russians were going to run into." READ MORE: Russian whistleblower warns Ukraine invasion will be a 'total failure'  But Mr Burns warned not to underestimate Mr Xi's determination over Taiwan, which China claims as its own. He said: "I would just say, analytically, I would not underestimate President Xi and the Chinese leadership's determination with regard to Taiwan." It comes after the Chinese leader spoke out on Russia's assault on Ukraine on Tuesday. DON'T MISSChina and Russia's shocking combined nuclear arsenal revealed [INSIGHT]China plans THREE new gas pipelines with Russia as EU, UK and US BAN [VIDEO]Xi Jinping breaks his silence on Russia-Ukraine war [ANALYSIS] Mr Xi described the situation in Ukraine as "worrying" and said the priority should be preventing it from escalating or "spinning out of control", according to Chinese state broadcaster CCTV. Speaking at a virtual meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, the Chinese President said the three countries should jointly support peace talks between Moscow and Kyiv. But China has so far refused to condemn Russia's actions in Ukraine or to call it an invasion.  Beijing's friendship with Moscow strengthened last month when Mr Putin attended the opening ceremony of the Beijing Winter Olympics on the same day that the countries declared a "no limits" strategic partnership, has become awkward for China as the war escalates. Moscow describes its devastating attack on Ukraine as a "special operation".