India is poised to purchase 15 billion barrels of oil from Russia as Moscow looks to evade Western sanctions. The move risks undermining western nations such as the United States that have imposed unprecedented sanctions on Moscow in response to President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Putin are deepening their energy ties, as New Delhi evades Western sanctions on Moscow to import oil at discounted prices. Since Western countries, including the US, UK, and EU began sanctioning large parts of the Russian economy and announced plans to phase out Russian oil, Putin has turned eastwards, to India and China. According to Danil Bochkov, an expert on Russia and China: “India has purchased about 1.8 million barrels of Russian Urals oil. “On Wednesday, India's state-owned refinery Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) bought 3 million barrels of Russian Urals oil.  “India may import 15 million barrels of oil from Russia this year at a reduced cost.” Price details were not immediately available, however sources told Reuters that the barrels of Russian Urals crude were purchased at a discount of $20-$25 a barrel, which is about £17 pounds. At the moment, crude oil brent costs $118.77 (£90) per barrel According to the head of the operational department of the Russian trade mission in India Evgeny Ostapkevich, Russia is only likely to increase the volume of oil that it supplies to India. READ MORE: Russia turns east: Three countries undermine West sanction with Putin TASS reported him saying: "Taking into account the refusal of a number of countries to purchase Russian oil products, opportunities are opening up for Russian oil companies to increase the volume of supplies. "It is reported that India may buy up to 15 mln barrels of oil from Russia before the end of this year," India’s central bank is in consultations on a potential rupee-ruble trade arrangement with Russia that would enable New Delhi to continue exports to Moscow despite western sanctions limiting international payment mechanisms. The deal would allow India to avoid the impact of western sanctions on Russia and continue buying Russian energy and other goods. DON'T MISS: Energy crisis: New green scheme promises to save up to £350-a-year [REVEAL] Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears [INSIGHT] Putin sparks EU chaos as he finds 'way to avoid sanctions' [SPOTLIGHT] 