Arsenal continued their charge towards a top-four finish in the Premier League with a 3-2 win over Watford at Vicarage Road. Mikel Arteta’s side needed to record victory if they were to leapfrog Manchester United into fourth place and his side delivered a professional display to stretch their winning run to four games. Emmanuel Dennis thought he had got Watford off to the perfect start after just 16 seconds before the flag went up for offside, and Arsenal took full advantage of their let-off when Martin Odegaard gave them lead after five minutes. Watford equalised with a stunning bicycle kick from Cucho Hernandez, but it was the excellent Bukayo Saka who fired them back in front in an absorbing first half at Vicarage Road. Arteta’s quick thinking, handing the ball to Saka for a throw-in, was key to helping his side launch a counter-attack and after a divine piece of play between Odegaard and Lacazette, Gabriel Martinelli scored a third. Moussa Sissoko's late strike put their lead under question but Arteta's side held on for an important three points. That put win puts Arsenal back in the driving seat to secure a top-four finish, with a point advantage over Manchester United and two games in hand. Express Sport looks at five things we learned from the game at Vicarage Road. JUST IN: Arsenal 'learn Chelsea's Broja transfer price' as raid eyed There are so many occasions where Bukayo Saka has rescued or inspired Arsenal with a piece of brilliance that is beginning to turn into a needle-in-the-haystack scenario. Once again, the winger showed exactly why he is the first name of the team sheet under Arteta after restoring Arsenal’s lead. He did exactly what his manager would have wanted him to do, pressing and winning possession from Tom Cleverley before playing a one-two with Alexandre Lacazette and firing into the top corner. Saka rarely puts in a poor performance and his work ethic and tireless running is contagious. Even if he is one of the more timid characters in the squad, he is a leader by example and his performance in the first half — described by Sky Sports’ Jamie Redknapp as “unplayable” — was exemplary. Few would disagree that he is the best talent the Gunners have produced in years and at just 20 years of age, it is frightening to think what he can achieve as he reaches his peak years. His contract has two years left to run and the youngster has shelved contact negotiations untold he end of the season to concentrate on the top four. On this basis, Arsenal must ensure those discussions go smoothly because he is a crucial figure in their future plans. MUST READArsenal legend Graham pinpoints three 'heavy' transfersArsenal's Martinez hopes over as agent drives final nail in coffinArsenal boss Arteta confirms transfer 'priority' as he makes demand It has taken more than two years and two dreadful runs that left him on the brink of the sakc, but Arteta can finally see his long-term plan for Arsenal coming to fruition. The Spaniard spent the most out of any manager in the summer transfer window in order to secure six key signings for an estimated £150m. But it will all be worth it if he can take Arsenal back to the Champions League for the first time since 2016-17. The Arsenal boss has a young core of key players, with Saka, Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale and Ben White all under the age of 24, and they are starting to play like a cohesive unit. The football on show from the visitors was mesmeric at times, largely owing to the link-up between Saka and Odegaard. Their movement was fluid and direct, with Watford struggle to cope with the sheer tempo they played at. If Arsene Wenger was watching from afar, the Frenchman might have been forgiven for thinking this was one of his teams. That would be the ultimate compliment paid to Arteta for turning Arsenal into a team that must be taken seriously in the Premier League once again. Martin Odegaard did enough to earn himself a permanent deal during his six-month loan spell last season. But the Norwegian has had to prove himself all over again after his £35m permanent switch from Real Madrid. In the early games of the season, the playmaker would have been disappointed to find himself on the bench. But some encouraging cameos helped him work his way into Arteta’s plans and now he is a key cog in the Arsenal attack. That was evident when he linked up with Bukayo Saka for a fine opening goal on five minutes. In a small pocket of space on the right flank, he exchanged a neat one-two with with Gunners winger and strode forward towards the edge of the box. Saka had the ingenuity to find him with an accurate cutback and there is little doubt Odegaard would find the corner with a placed effort. In the second half, his deft flick to Lacazette was a delight to observe and a key part in Martinelli’s stunning goal. That was his fifth goal in the Premier League this season, in addition to three assists, highlighting how he has stepped up his game after bagging two goals in 16 appearances while on loan. If Arsenal are to truly challenge for a top-four spot at the end of the season, Odegaard will be a key protagonist in helping them secure it. It didn’t take long for Watford fans to realise they had unearthed a gem when they paid just £3m to sign Emmanuel Dennis from Club Brugge. At this rate, it could prove to be one of the best bargain signings in recent years, such has been the Nigerian’s impact on the Hornets this season. He was desperately unlucky not to put Watford ahead, slotting underneath Aaron Ramsdale after just 16 seconds before seeing the offside flag correctly raised against him. The 24-year-old has nine goals and five assists in 25 appearances, contributing to 52 per cent of Watford’s goals this season. Dennis is just as adept at creating chances as he is in scoring them. He caused the Arsenal backline problems with his direct runs and silly footwork, and nearly put them in front before Ramsdale denied him in the first half. While he missed several more opportunities to get Watford back into the contest, it felt like a one-man mission at times, and Roy Hodgson will be looking for him to inspire the team with more performances of this kind in the coming weeks. Roy Hodgson was bullish in his belief that he could keep Watford in the Premier League when he was appointed in January after replacing Claudio Ranieri. “I think it’s more than possible,” he said. “I wouldn’t have accepted the challenge had I not believed that we can help the club stay in the Premier League.” This is the 74-year-old’s 22nd job in management, but it might be his most difficult task in preventing a second relegation to the Championship in three seasons. There have been signs of improvement since his arrival, with Watford taking a surprise 1-0 win away from Aston Villa and frustrating Manchester United with a goalless draw at Old Trafford. Their performance against Arsenal was encouraging in spells. Ultimately, it is results that matter and his side fell short in the final third as Arsenal took all three points away. And with more daunting fixtures ahead, with visits to Liverpool, Manchester City and Chelsea still to come, this task may be beyond a man of Hodgson’s managerial wizardry.