Brenton West will be taking part in Celebrity Mastermind on BBC One on Saturday, March 19, at 7.30pm, putting his knowledge of Formula One to the test. He rose to fame as a silversmith on The Repair Shop, having been part of the cast since 2017. So it's no surprise that viewers are intrigued to know more about his personal life. The Repair Shop's silversmith Brenton West has mended everything from cutlery and wedding bands, to wings and body parts for historic Formula One and classic cars. According to his website, Brenton has had a love of restoration since he was a youngster, stating: "I have been making and fixing as long as I can remember." Since joining the cast, Brenton has managed to fix more than 100 items on the show. As well as his passion for everything silver, he also has a love of photography, with a degree in the subject and special knowledge of 19th and early 20th Century image-making. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby?   Brenton has an extensive following on social media with more than 30,000 followers on Instagram and 11,000 on Twitter. He regularly posts updates on what he has been up to and what he is working on at the famous barn. However, much like the rest of The Repair Shop cast, he doesn't tend to give much away about his loved ones. In fact, he hardly ever posts anything at all that isn't related to the BBC series or his silversmith work.  The closest he has come to talk about his family is in July 2021 when Brenton posted a jokey image of him leaning against a dog statue. He wrote: "First day off in a while. Went to chat to mum's ceramic dog and listen to horribly loud rock vinyl." Nevertheless, it is believed that The Repair Shop star is married but it is not known who. The couple reportedly resides somewhere in Oxfordshire with their children. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street icon Bethany Platt to return for Adam's funeral? [THEORY]Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades [REACTION]It's French, Dench & Saunders in The Repair Shop for Red Nose Day [EXPLAINER]     Brenton took to Instagram to share the good news of him featuring on the iconic quiz show. He wrote: "I got quizzed on my Specialist Subject, Formula One 1978-87 by the one and only CliveMyrieBBC in the #BlackChair on Celebrity Mastermind! See how I got on tonight on #bbc 1 at 19.30." (sic) He went on to state that his chosen cause was children's mental health charity Place 2 Be. Fellow The Repair Shop star Will Kirk wrote in support: "I can't wait for this! Come on B!!!!!"   On top of Celebrity Mastermind, fans of his will also be able to watch Brenton on an upcoming repeat episode of The Repair Shop which airs on Monday, March 21. The synopsis reads: "Another piece of family history is brought to barn, in the form of a Victorian rose-watering syringe. "Sandy Norris is very attached to this curious contraption, which her parents used for years to water the flowers in their garden. "She fondly remembers how she and her sisters got up to high jinx having water fights with the syringe, and it symbolises endless summers of fun. "Silversmith Brenton West is quite taken with the tool and goes to great lengths to replace missing pieces and buff the tarnish away." The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 