Roger Federer is unlikely to play at Wimbledon this year, according to coach Severin Luthi. The 40-year-old has endured injury issues in recent years, preventing him from challenging the likes of Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal for more Grand Slam glory. And that will be a cruel twist, especially with the Swiss maestro nearing the end of his career. Federer has won 20 Grand Slams throughout his career, establishing himself as a tennis icon along the way. Yet his future in the sport is currently in doubt, with the 40-year-old enduring injury issues that have stopped him from claiming more success. Federer’s knee has caused him problems, with the veteran last appearing at Wimbledon last year where he was beaten by Hubert Hurkacz. Now, coach Luthi has claimed the Swiss star is unlikely to play at Wimbledon this year amid his ongoing knee issues. "At the moment, I don't envisage him playing Wimbledon," Luthi told Tages Anzeiger. "I'm not someone who is saying it's impossible. But I can't imagine it right now." He added: "This week, to warm up, he will first hit some balls with Mirka. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "He's still in the rehabilitation phase. “Not only do the knee and leg muscles have to be built up, the whole body has to be strengthened. It's a full conditioning program." For Federer, missing Wimbledon will be a crushing blow. Especially when you consider what the 40-year-old has said about the Grand Slam and his love affair with the occasion over the years. Federer won his first major back in 2003, beating Andy Roddick after overcoming Pete Sampras on his way to the final. And he’s triumphed there on seven other occasions over the course of his career, too, with his last victory coming in 2017. Federer is a poster boy of Wimbledon given all his success. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And he’s often talked about how much the Grand Slam means to him, saying in 2019 that it will always be his favourite court to play on. “Wimbledon was always my favourite tournament, will always be my favourite tournament,” he said at the time. “My heroes walked the grounds here and walked the courts here. Because of them, I think I became a better player. “I wish I could play every match of the season here on Centre Court. “Every time you come back and play at Wimbledon on Centre Court, you warm up and all you hear is the sound of the ball, your movement, your breathing, because people are so quiet. “They really only applaud for good shots. They never applaud for unforced errors. “It’s just a very respectful crowd. It’s such a totally different feel to anywhere else in the world.” When asked why it was his most successful surface, Federer added: “Maybe it’s because it helps my slice. “Maybe the footwork on grass comes easier to me than for other guys. I’m not sure. “Then because I have a decent speed on the serve, and I can serve kick and slice. “Maybe also the grass helps me just a little bit to get a few more free points. “I think I have good balance. I rarely slip. I rarely fall down or lose my balance in general. On grass it’s the same.” Luthi’s comments are even more agonising when you consider Federer previously admitted he’d hoped to play at Wimbledon in his 40s. “You would think so, health permitting and if everything is OK,” he said. “You could take 300 days off beforehand, just prepare for Wimbledon, put yourself in a freeze box, then come out and train a bit, knowing you’re not going to be injured. “But playing Wimbledon and winning Wimbledon are two separate things. “At some stage you have to play a minimum of matches, otherwise you’re just not going to be successful any more.” The tennis world will want to see Federer grace Wimbledon one last time. However, that appears to be a big ask with his injury problems failing to go away.