Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has now entered the third week, with widespread devastation and fear among Ukrainians and calls for aid from other nations. Talks seem to be progressing to halt the conflict, with news on Sunday both sides reporting results may be close at hand. However, the ongoing conflict has caused significant bloodshed on both sides. Today a Ukrainian official reported a Russian airstrike on a large Ukrainian military facility near the border with NATO member Poland on Sunday killed 35 people and wounded 134. Regional governor Maksym Kozytskyy said Russian planes fired around 30 rockets at the facility, however, the numbers of wounded and killed have not been officially confirmed. Elsewhere, Ukraine's human rights monitor said Russia used phosphorous bombs in an overnight attack on the town of Popasna located in the eastern Luhansk region, calling it a "war crime". Again, this has not been verified. In an unverified statement, Russian Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov was quoted by Russian news as saying Russian troops have destroyed 3,687 Ukrainian military infrastructure facilities so far. Read More: Captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war' Confirmed numbers of deaths have been hard to verify due to the ongoing conflict and lack of official reporting. At the beginning of March, Russia reported there were 487 deaths and 1,597 injuries. Ukraine has claimed 12,000 Russian troops have been killed since fighting began. However, a US official said on Wednesday the number of reported Russian fatalities ranged from around 5,000 to 6,000. Further figures from US spy agencies have estimated between 2,000 and 4,000 Russian soldiers have been killed. As well as the loss of soldiers, Ukraine has claimed the Russian army has lost a significant number of weapons. The Ministry of Defence has said around 2,000 weapons and military equipment have been destroyed. This includes DON'T MISSRussian bombing rattling windows in Poland in 'dangerous expansion' [INSIGHT]What needs to happen for UK to consider war with Russia? [EXPLAINED]Chelsea fans fuming as Roman Abramovich sanctions threaten club [ANALYSIS] Again, figures are difficult to verify with the nature of the ongoing conflict. However, President Volodymyr Zelensky has said about 1,300 Ukrainian soldiers have died since the fighting began. Ukraine has also accused Russia of targeting civilians. Ukraine accused Russian forces on Saturday of killing seven civilians, including one child, in an attack on women and children trying to flee fighting near Kyiv. However Russia has blamed Ukraine for failed attempts to evacuate civilians from encircled cities, an accusation Ukraine and its Western allies strongly reject. In total 2.5 million Ukrainians have fled, heading to bordering countries to escape the conflict. Of those fleeing, 1.5 million have gone to Poland, while the next largest number have fled to Hungary, Slovakia and Moldova. Another 1.85 million people are reported to be displaced in Ukraine. President Zelensky said on Sunday nearly 125,000 people had been evacuated via "humanitarian corridors" agreed with Russia.