Harry Potter author JK Rowling has been slammed after she mocked a typo issued by South Wales police official Twitter account following a homophobic killing in Cardiff last year. The best-selling children's author, 56, mocked the police department which saw them mistake virtue signalling for "virtual signalling" in error. In view of her 13.9 million Twitter followers, Rowling pointed out the error in a recent tweet, which was met with fury from social media users. "Like virtue signalling, but for people who aren’t really a***d." The author's post comes after the Welsh police department shared their LGBT+ outreach efforts near the site of a homophobic hate crime. Following Rowling's post, social media users flocked to the comments to weigh in on her tweet. READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma @gracepetrie replied: "I don’t want to assume that this tweet is as badly motivated as it seems, so could you clarify that you’re not actually mocking the police for promoting the safety of the LGBT community in an area where a man was recently homophobically murdered." @AlGordon1980 added: "As a writer, do you do any research or is it just whatever falls out of your head first?" However, @RyanSpires8 fired back: "And how would she have known about the link to the Bute Park incident from the initial tweet? She was responding to it at face value like most of us do! As always people are using 'reaching' techniques to concoct faux outrage." (sic) While @CeilNoyle replied to the author: "Not that you'll care, and not that anyone should have to justify anything to you, but here's the context." "Virtual signalling. Like virtue signalling, but for people who don't have an editor. "Weird of you to pick up on this tweet where they're defending their celebration of the LGBT+ community," wrote @bethonieboost Police cars decorated with the pride flag gathered in Cardiff's centre on March 18 to support the city's LGBT+ community. It comes following the murder of Dr Gary Jenkins in Bute Park in July last year. DON'T MISS... Christopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair' [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley's wife on 'weight of what's going on at home' [UPDATE] On Friday, the South Wales branch of the LGBT+ Police Network posted a brief clip of their police cars in the city centre. They captioned the media: "We are in #CardiffCityCentre today promoting the work of our network with officers from @GPCaerphilly." But Twitter user @derGammon quickly responded to the post. They wrote: "Stop virtue signalling and get on with your job. "I’m sure folk would rather have those two cars patrolling the street. Embarrassing. "Also, much did this cost??" (sic) they ended their post. Responding, the police unit wrote: "Good evening, supporting our communities is not virtual signalling and we make no apologies for doing so."