White vinegar and baking soda might be items you keep tucked away in a kitchen cupboard for cooking and baking, however when combined this trusty duo can work wonders when it comes to cleaning your home. However, there are also plenty of places you can't use one or both items, so it is important to understand how they work. Baking soda works well for cleaning because it is able to dissolve organic compounds like dirt and grease. The mineral structure of baking soda also provides a gentle abrasive. However, this is why it can not be used on areas such as glass because it would leave scratches and damage the surface. White vinegar, however, can be used on glass and promises a streak-free shine. The acidity of white vinegar is exactly what makes it such a great cleaner, strengthening its ability to banish soap scum, hard water brine and even glue left behind from stickers. On the other hand, white vinegar's acidity means it can not be used on granite or marble countertops. With this in mind, here are five areas of the home you can clean using a combination of baking soda and white vinegar. READ MORE: How to prevent 40% heat loss in your home as energy bills soar Hard water can be the culprit behind all manner of marks and stains in the bathroom, including your shower head. Once limescale and minerals begin to build up, they can be difficult to scrub away. Baking soda and white vinegar, however, can tackle this problem overnight. Simply place your shower head into a large ziplock bag, pouring in enough white vinegar to cover it. The white vinegar will work to break down any hard water stains. When morning arrives, remove the showerhead from the bag and sprinkle baking soda over its surface. Once the baking soda interacts with the white vinegar on the showerhead, a fizzy chemical reaction will occur that can add extra cleaning power. To finish, use an old toothbrush to scrub stubborn areas, and then rinse thoroughly with warm water. DON'T MISSHow to get rid of moss in your lawn - why you should treat it now [EXPLAINER]Houseplants: The best houseplant for you based on your star sign [INSIGHT]Common decor mistakes homeowners are making - ‘bad idea’ [COMMENT] Baking soda and white vinegar can help to remove certain stains from your washing. Simply mix half a cup of baking soda into your usual laundry detergent or over your clothes. You can then add a cup of vinegar to the rinse cycle, which can combat any bacteria on your fabric. A small blockage in your kitchen or bathroom drain could be clearer by the fizzing reaction which occurs when baking soda meets white vinegar. Pour in approximately half a cup of baking soda, followed by a cup of white vinegar. Cover the drain and allow the solution to sit for 30 minutes. After this, boil a kettle of water and pour it down the drain to flush out any loosened materials. However, it is important to note that this method likely won't be enough for a larger or more serious clog. Hard water stains usually appear on sinks and baths, appearing as a yellowish stain. One way to remove these stubborn marks is by soaking them away with white vinegar. Pour white vinegar onto a cloth and then leave this over the affected area for a couple of hours. Next, create a paste using baking soda and water. When you return, remove the cloth and clean the area with the baking soda paste. Spray one final time with white vinegar. Wipe thoroughly with a damp cloth before rinsing and drying the area. If you have a four-legged friend running around the house, you may well have come face-to-face with an unexpected accident on your carpet. Baking soda and white vinegar can not only get rid of these stains, but they can also help to eliminate any residual odour. Make a paste by mixing white vinegar and baking soda together. Then, coat the affected area with this paste, before allowing it to sit overnight. By morning, the paste should have dried out, meaning you can simply vacuum it away.