The NHS notes: “Hyperglycaemia should not be confused with hypoglycaemia, which is when a person's blood sugar level drops too low.” More and more people with diabetes are choosing to use a flash glucose monitor to check their sugar levels, which is a sensor you wear on your skin and that you don’t have to prick your finger to use. The NHS notes that if you have diabetes, “no matter how careful you are, you're likely to experience hyperglycaemia” at some point. It adds: “Occasional mild episodes are not usually a cause for concern and can be treated quite easily or may return to normal on their own. “But hyperglycaemia can be potentially dangerous if blood sugar levels become very high or stay high for long periods.” The NHS says symptoms of hyperglycaemia in people with diabetes tend to develop slowly over a few days or weeks, though in some cases there may be no symptoms until the blood sugar level is very high. READ MORE: Diabetes: The feeling 'at night' that could be an indication of high blood sugar levels  One key symptom of hyperglycaemia is needing to pee frequently, so this may interrupt your sleep or daytime schedule. The Mayo Clinic explains: “Excessive thirst and increased urination are common diabetes signs and symptoms. “When you have diabetes, excess glucose — a type of sugar — builds up in your blood. Your kidneys are forced to work overtime to filter and absorb the excess glucose.” It adds: “When your kidneys can't keep up, the excess glucose is excreted into your urine, dragging along fluids from your tissues, which makes you dehydrated.” The Mayo Clinic explains this will usually leave you feeling thirsty, and as you drink more fluids to quench your thirst, you'll urinate even more. The health body advises that you “take your body's hints seriously” and if you notice any possible diabetes signs or symptoms, contact your doctor. It states: “Diabetes is a serious condition, and the earlier it's diagnosed, the sooner treatment can begin. “With your active participation and the support of your health care team, you can manage diabetes and enjoy an active, healthy life.” Other symptoms of hyperglycaemia include a dry mouth, tiredness, blurred vision, unintentional weight loss and tummy pain. You may also find that you are feeling or being sick, or that your breath smells fruity. If you experience hyperglycaemia regularly, you should speak to your doctor or diabetes care team, according to the NHS. It can affect people with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes, as well as pregnant women with gestational diabetes. Hyperglycaemia can be potentially dangerous if blood sugar levels become very high or stay high for long periods.