Mercedes caught the attention of the entire F1 pitlane on Thursday morning after everyone got a first glimpse of their sidepod-less W13. Reports emerged on Wednesday that Mercedes had completely redesigned their car for the 2022 season from what they debuted in Barcelona.  Mercedes did admit after testing in Barcelona that they would be taking a look at their sidepods with a keen eye on Red Bull's design. But they've been innovative in creating their own minimised sidepod design, which has reportedly delivered super quick times in the simulator. Mercedes have replaced the square air intakes from the sidepods which appeared in Barcelona entirely. Instead, the new car has placed the cooling inlets higher up meaning their design is significantly narrower towards the back of the car. Sky Sports pundit Martin Brundle likened Mercedes' new car design to a melted bar of chocolate. Brundle said: "We've already seen this morning with the Mercedes, they have a massive new shape. "It looks like a bar of chocolate has been left out in the sun and melted, such is the bodywork wrapping around what must be a very creative cooling system on the car. JUST IN: F1 threatened with legal action as Russian GP chief makes statement  "When we look at all ten teams, how they've interpreted the new rules are quite dramatically different which is a nice change. "These three days are critical, an accident or a major reliability issue will hold the team back for the opening part of the season." Hamilton was first out on track for Mercedes as he ran different setups to get to grips with the new design. Red Bull don't appear to have changed much from the car which was debuted in RB18 with Sergio Perez running the morning session.  DON'T MISS  There was a late change at McLaren with Daniel Ricciardo falling ill, so Lando Norris was bumped up to take part in the morning test session. Haas will play no part in Bahrain testing this morning after their freight was delayed by 48 hours this week. But the American-based team are hoping to get their VF-22 out on track in the afternoon with reserve driver Pietro Fittipaldi stepping in. Haas did announce late on Wednesday night that KEvin Magnussen would be returning to F1 to take Nikita Mazepin's seat.