From March 25, drivers will be banned from using a hand-held mobile phone while driving under virtually any circumstances. Drivers are being warned of a potential loophole, with new rules clarifying that using a phone whilst stationary in traffic or at traffic lights still counts as “driving”, according to experts at GEM Motoring Assist. After the law is introduced, police will be able to more easily prosecute drivers using a hand-held mobile phone at the wheel. It is already illegal to text or make a phone call (other than in an emergency) using a hand-held device while driving. This month, laws will go further to ban drivers from using their phones to take photos or videos, scroll through playlists or play games. Under the new regulations HGV drivers will face a maximum fine of £2,500 for a mobile phone offence. READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year Specific mobile phone driving laws were introduced in December 2003 which saw motorists handed a £60 fine for an offence before rising to £100 in 2013. Fines increased to £200 and penalty points endorsements doubled in 2017, to act as a further deterrent. Soon after the increase, more than 26,000 drivers were issued with six points on their licence and 500 new drivers lost their licence completely. A spokesperson for GEM Motoring Assist warned drivers of the incoming driving law changes later this month. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [WARNING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT] They said: “We know that using a mobile phone whilst driving is an extremely dangerous action which puts not only the offenders at risk, but anyone who happens to be in or near their vehicle. “The updated law removes any opportunity to interpret what’s allowed and what’s not. “If you’re holding a phone while driving – and that includes when you’re stopped at lights or in a queue – you can be prosecuted. “That’s why we want to be sure every driver gets the message: any activity involving a mobile phone at the wheel is a potentially fatal distraction. “So if you’re tempted to pick the phone up on a journey, please think again. “Do the responsible thing and don’t risk your own life – or someone else’s – by selfishly using a hand-held phone while driving.” They are advising drivers to clearly understand the rules to keep the roads safer. Motorists are allowed to use a mobile phone when they are safely parked, with the engine off and the handbrake on. However, drivers are not allowed to pick up their phone in any other driving situation, including when they’re stationary at traffic lights or queuing in traffic. Exemptions will exist and cover phone payments through card readers at road tolls and at drive-through restaurants. But does not cover the payment of other, more general types of online payment while driving. In 2020 alone, 17 people were killed in accidents involving drivers using or being distracted by mobile phones on UK roads. A further 114 people were seriously injured and 385 people were slightly injured.