The model hit the hammer for £423,300, achieving the highest price for any Ford Focus WRC car at auction. The price also broke Silverstone Auctions' own personal record due to its heritage. The car sold was specially built for McRae and co-driver Nicky Grist ahead of the Acropolis Rally in 2001. Months later, the car was launched into a series of rolls on SS4 of Rally Great Britain. The crash cost McRae his second World Rally Championship title, handing the crown to the late Richard Burns. The car was subsequently rebuilt by crews at M-Sport and went on to achieve further rallying success. READ MORE: Michael Caine’s former Lexus in ‘high demand’ at auction The model was eventually retired and returned to its iconic 2001 livery to be enjoyed by its new owner. The car has recently returned from a top-level rally specialists who have gone through the vehicle from top to bottom. Silverstone Auctions says the car is completely usable and “remarkably easy to drive". The model still offers four-wheel drive, a sequential gearbox and WRC standard suspension and brakes. DON'T MISSThe 'tremendous' classic cars set to rise in value in 2022 - full list [COMMENT]Classic Rolls Royce used in ‘Darling Buds of May’ sold for £60,000 [INSIGHT]Thousands of classic cars to become tax-exempt  [ANALYSIS] Before the auction, the model had a guide price of just £300,000 to £350,000. Silverstone Auctions said the vehicle was “destined to be the pride and joy of any rally car collector”. They added the model was also capable of being a “real investment prospect for the future”. The car was also sold with a comprehensive file packed with information on the car. McRae’s 2001 race suit was also sold at auction, reaching the massive price tag of £16,650. It comes just months after another of McRae’s famous cars was auctioned off in Australia. His classic blue Subaru driven in the 1994 World Rally Championship was found in an Australian barn and put up for sale. The Impreza has three owners with the latest one not aware of the iconic nature of the vehicle. The owner had been hoping to get just 14,500 Australian Dollars for the model but was blown away by demand. The model eventually sold for 360,000AUD, just over £200,000 when it hit the hammer.