Mr Cameron and Mr Osborne were forced to “overhaul” the royal finance system when their Tory government was elected in 2010. In Robert Hardman’s biography Queen of our Times: The Life of Elizabeth II, the pair detail how they set about restoring the monarchy’s fortunes with the introduction of the Sovereign Grant. The Sovereign Grant was designed to replace the civil list, a system in which parliament voted on an allowance for the Queen and her household. The civil list budget had not been adjusted since 1990, and was no longer sufficient for the Crown’s needs. David Cameron told Mr Hardman: “They were running out of money to fix things”. With the Sovereign Grant, the funding comes from a percentage of the profits of the Crown Estate revenue, initially set at 15 percent and reviewed every five years.  Mr Cameron said: “The Treasury saw an opportunity to do a big, bold reform and I think George [Osborne] relished it because the historian in him loved the idea of trying to fix this long-standing problem. “I thought this was a great challenge for the relationship between No 10 and the Palace: can we get this done?” While it was at first thought that the Queen would not receive a huge amount more due to the impact of austerity, crown estate revenues subsequently soared.  READ MORE: Prince Charles could make Harry 'plain Mr Henry' when king Mr Osborne admitted they had “more money than anyone expected” because of how well the estate had been run. It was a “generous deal” but Mr Cameron believes it was better that way. He continued: “It was generous, but I don’t mind. “It was better to have something that was long-term sustainable.  DON'T MISS:Princess Charlene on biggest challenge as a royal: 'Fish out of water' [INSIGHT]Camilla breaks royal protocol with 'stunning' Commonwealth Day outfit [ROYAL FASHION]Royals in 'difficult position' as Kate and William in Ukraine support [REVEAL] “It would have been much worse if we’d erred on the other side, then had to do the whole thing again.” Another rule changed by Mr Osborne was that of the eldest son of the monarch receiving an income, but no female heirs. Prince Charles was reportedly “very happy with the plan” and Mr Osborne is glad he was able to give the royals “much more independence and more freedom”. 