Russian President Vladimir Putin sent shock waves around the world more than two weeks ago when he ordered troops to invade Ukraine. The development has understandably drawn a lot of attention to President Putin and his motives for deciding to attack Moscow’s ex-Soviet neighbour. Now, talk is persisting about his health and whether that played a part in his decision. During recent TV appearances, President Putin has appeared noticeably more bloated around the face and neck. The Telegraph suggested that this could be because " he may be undergoing treatment with steroids". Previously, in November 2020, the Kremlin had to edit footage of the 69-year-old when he had a severe coughing fit on state TV.  READ MORE: Putin may be battling ravaging disease, ex-MI6 boss says Politico quoted Fiona Hill - one of the US’ most respected experts in Russia - who said: "Putin’s not looking so great, he’s been rather puffy-faced. "We know that he has complained about having back issues. Even if it’s not something worse than that, it could be that he’s taking high doses of steroids, or there may be something else. “There seems to be an urgency for this that may be also driven by personal factors.” Ms Hill, who served as part of both Republican and Democratic administrations, added: “He may have a sense that time is marching on - it’s 22 years, after all, and the likelihood after that kind of time of a Russian leader leaving voluntarily or through elections is pretty slim.  "Most leaders leave either like Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko thought that he might leave, as the result of massive protests, or they die in office. “The only other person who has been Russian leader in modern times longer than Putin is Stalin, and Stalin died in office.” Elsewhere, an unnamed US intelligence source claimed to the Daily Star that President Putin’s “puffy face” could be due to chemotherapy drugs. In the past, the Russian President has built an image as a strong man figure and has posed for pictures competing in judo, and shirtless on a horse.  DON'T MISS: Russia 'doesn't understand trouble it's in' as Ukraine secures weapons [NEWS]Putin reading 'Hitler's playbook' in bloodthirsty power quest [ANALYSIS]Ukraine crisis has unveiled EU’s weak leadership  [OPINION] During recent state visits of foreign leaders, President Putin has been pictured sitting across from his guests on a comically long table. When French President Emmanuel Macron visited Moscow, shortly before the invasion was announced, the pair were sat 13ft apart. The Kremlin claimed that Mr Macron’s refusal to take a Covid test forced President Putin to sit such a long-distance away.  However, he has been known to meet with senior people in his own Government in the same manner. Last week, a senior Royal Navy admiral suggested the long tables could be a sign of ill health. Chris Parry, who was hosting an online debate with schoolchildren in Hampshire, said: “He has been using these very long tables to interview people. “I think his immune system might be suppressed at the moment. So he is a man in a hurry.” 