Erik Ten Hag's strenuous links to Manchester United picked up the pace this week after reports on Monday claimed the Dutchman had undergone an interview in secret. And Ajax have now offered a hint that they will give the green light to a switch after he was omitted from the decision appointing Klaas-Jan Huntelaar to the club's technical staff. Ten Hag has been a frontrunner for the United job ever since Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked in November after a run of poor results left the Red Devils lying in eighth in the Premier League. Ralf Rangnick was subsequently appointed as an interim manager in early December, and whilst results have left the Old Trafford club failing in their bid for Champions League football, the German has undoubtedly improved on Solskjaer's poor showings. Mauricio Pochettino and Ten Hag are the bookies' favourites for the job, although it remains to be seen who will take over the reins from Rangnick. But reports on Monday suggested Ten Hag had been interviewed for the job, with the club ready to take forward steps ahead of the new season. And those claims escalated after the Independent reported that Ten Hag had been excluded from the decision to bring Huntelaar in for a technical role. The publication suggests that Ten Hag would want to bring assistant Mitchell van Der Gaag to Manchester with him, although that would be the only radical change. But Ajax are braced for his departure this summer - especially after he was heavily linked to Newcastle in the winter prior to Eddie Howe's appointment. And he was not consulted over Huntelaar's move, something he would have had a say in if he had committed his longevity to the club. It is a sign that Ajax are preparing for life without the 52-year-old no matter where he decides to continue his career. And having rebuilt Ajax's squad twice - once upon his arrival and again after their stars were poached following their Champions League exploits in 2019 - it is unlikely he would do so again. Furthermore, six of the squad are out of contract this summer, meaning he will not be around for the expiration of their deals. Previous comments by Ten Hag have suggested he will try to copy his potential city counterpart Pep Guardiola's philosophy if he was to arrive in the red half of Manchester. "I learned a lot from Guardiola," Ten Hag said in a former interview. "His philosophy is sensational. What he did in Barcelona, Bayern and now with City, that attacking style sees him win a lot. It’s this structure that I have tried to implement at Ajax."