Kate Middleton’s appearance has not changed much since she rocketed to fame in 2011, after she married into the Royal Family. The mum-of-three has been slim since her university days and managed to drop back down to a size six post-pregnancy. What does she eat and which exercise regime does she follow? The Duchess of Cambridge is a fan of sport and participated in a series of activities at university, including rowing, tennis, and running. As the patron of England rugby, Kate has also been seen playing the sport in recent weeks, showing off her skills. According to Doctor Charlotte Norton, a Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic, Kate has always been active. She said: “The Duchess of Cambridge is well-known for being naturally athletic and a huge admirer of spending time in nature and keeping fit. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure “Also, considering her senior royal rank, you’d imagine she eats quite well too, which makes it not so hard to wonder why she looks so great at 40. “We all know that Kate's ability to look great in any dress, skirt, or pair of trousers is obviously a result of her incredibly toned figure, even if she also has an impeccable sense of style. “Of course, Kate's naturally slender frame is partly down to genetics, but it's no secret that the royal mother-of-three enjoys all things athletic and is reported to appreciate a good workout. “Whether it’s cross country, tennis or walking, she has been known to enjoy sports.” DON'T MISS: Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] However, the doctor stressed that “Kate’s secret is consistency”. She continued: “There hasn’t been a moment in history so far where she has had a dramatic change in appearance, even post-pregnancy and I think that’s due to being consistent with diet and exercise. “I think another secret is that she allows herself to have the odd sweet snack and carb-filled meal, which isn’t a crime.” Doctor Charlotte added that diet and weight loss “all about a balance, which I think Kate has perfected”. According to the nutrition expert, Kate “is known to be an avid cook and doesn’t shy away from pizzas, pasta, and curries”. The Duchess has also been known to enjoy cheesy pasta, which she also cooks for her children. Kate mentioned this during a visit to Lavender Primary School in Enfield in 2019, according to People.com. Teacher Matthew Kleiner-Mann told the news website: “She was telling us how much her children love cooking and how they cook for her. “They made cheesy pasta the other day. “One stirs the flour, one puts the milk and butter in. And they make salads and stuff.” Although Kate’s exact diet is not known, she reportedly follows the Dukan diet, as well as treating herself to the odd carb-filled meal. Made popular by Dr. Pierre Dukan, a French general practitioner, the Dukan diet claims to produce “rapid, permanent weight loss without hunger”, according to Healthline. It involves eating foods that are high in proteins and low in carbohydrates. These foods include fruit, vegetables, fish such as salmon and tuna, meat such as reduced fat ham and steak, and dairy ingredients such as fat-free cheese and fat-free yoghurt.