Lorraine Kelly, 62, has entered the discussion surrounding Will Smith’s outburst during the 94th Academy Awards that saw him hit Chris Rock across the face. The ITV star claimed that “very dubious characters” had been recipients of an Oscar before as she asked others what they thought about the incident. The Fresh Prince Of Bel Air walked on stage and slapped the comedian mid ceremony after the latter made a joke about the former’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Will went on to win the Best Actor accolade for his role in King Richard, in which he portrayed tennis legends Serena and Venus Williams’ father. However, debate has raged on since on whether he should be allowed to keep the coveted award after hitting Chris. Lorraine took to her Twitter account to share a poll with her 689,000 followers. She asked: “What do we think - some very dubious characters have won Oscars over the years.” The broadcaster soon received a deluge of replies from social media users discussing the topic. Sallyina47 argued: “No, he lost his temper, and should be fined, but mocking a woman with alopecia is unacceptable.” Srkmadz typed: “Let him have it, he did deserve the Oscar for that film & role despite what happened at the Oscars, a terrible thing, handled all wrong, still shocked madam, happy with all the winners though, Congratulations to them all!” Smithy64R wrote: “No he shouldn't, his actions weren't right but shouldn't take from his performance in his film.” Jezzinportugal said: “Do you know what… one luvie slapping another .. who cares.! “Ukraine and COVID etc far more important.” (sic) The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has “condemned” Will Smith’s behaviour at Sunday night’s Oscars ceremony. DON'T MISSJamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh 'rolls eyes' at ex-GMB colleague's 'life changing' update [NEWS]Calls to strip Will Smith of Oscar after slap [LATEST] In an official statement, the Academy stressed that it “condemns the actions of Mr Smith at last night’s show”. “We have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our Bylaws, Standards of Conduct and California law,” the statement added. Will has since taken to his Instagram account to issue a public apology and express “regret” over his actions. He wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. Will added: ”I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. “I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family.”