One of the most weasly and unpleasant trends of recent times is to behave as if the Empire was some sort of Death Star, murdering its way across the globe. Of course there were some atrocities. No one should pretend otherwise. But in a book about Empire last year, Sathnam Sanghera actually compared our imperial past to the Nazis: Germany has come to terms with its past, he said. We have not. Does this man have any idea what happened in Nazi Germany? Or indeed that it could be said we sacrificed the remains of our Empire in order to  defeat the fascist threat? I have yet to hear of a British leader condoning using human skin to make lampshades or herding groups of people into gas chambers on the pretence they were actually showers and then turning the switch. But ignore such ignorance and indeed the fact Britain would not be the multi-cultural society it is today if it hadn’t had an Empire and just think about what a force it was for good. For a start, we put a stop to suttee in India. You know the one: the practice whereby a woman would throw herself on her husband’s funeral pyre and be burned alive. It was barbaric: designed to make it look like the ultimate sacrifice for love. It was actually a way of getting rid of an economic burden, namely a woman who no longer had a man to support her and presumably was not of childbearing age. The Empire was extremely active in promoting the overthrow of slavery (the British Navy pursued slave ships) and we helped to create infrastructure in the form of roads and railways which benefit poorer countries to this day. We also helped to spread the English language, which might irritate the French, but did create a global tongue in which people from vastly different backgrounds could communicate. We spread our stable and on the whole excellent legal system – nearly a third of the world operates a system based on English Common Law. We quite significantly improved many countries’ education systems. Banking and trade practices also improved. The idea the Empire was wholly bad is a ludicrous one, promoted by people who hate Britain and our history and it deserves to be exposed for the travesty it is. No one pretends it was pure because world history isn’t – as we are witnessing so horrifically in Ukraine. But our Empire was something to be proud of and to celebrate. It’s just that the Left cannot bear to accept this was yet another venture that (capitalist) Britain got right. ------------------------------------------------------ New Hermes needs to get up to speed Delivery service Hermes has changed its name to Evri in a “complete rebrand”. This follows extensive reports about appalling customer service. They were correct. Hermes once posted a “proof of delivery” picture for me that was essentially just an unidentifiable pink blob. The retailer agreed this was nonsense and issued a refund. Let’s hope the relaunch is serious: the original Hermes was a Greek god known for his speed as a messenger. Was the firm deliberately having a laugh? ------------------------------------------------------ Send Nazanin trolls to Iran Twitter can unearth the most loathsome specimens of humanity. Earlier this week, the hashtag “ungrateful cow” was trending. It unbelievably referred to Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and the fact that she was a little unimpressed about how long it took the British government to get her out of jail. Those posting this stuff were no doubt sad single male 40-somethings still living in their childhood bedrooms and cowering behind the anonymity of the computer. How long do you think they’d last in an Iranian prison? About an hour and a half? ------------------------------------------------------ Star 'relieved' her son is no longer called Wold Kylie Jenner has revealed her son is no longer called Wolf because it “really didn’t feel like it was him”. The young person has dodged a bullet. Zowie Bowie, son of David, lost no time in changing his name to Duncan Jones. Young Wolf-thatisn’t could go one further and commit an act of ultimate rebellion: become an accountant. At least he’d be well qualified to look after the family’s dosh. ------------------------------------------------------ Kate’s key to future of monarchy Here’s a photo of the Duchess of Cambridge looking stunning in a gown by The Vampire’s Wife. That woman has not put a foot wrong since she and William became an item around two decades ago. The heart can’t help but plunge with the revelation that the Queen is using a wheelchair, but this dynamic duo, at least, prove the monarchy is in safe hands. ------------------------------------------------------ City broker who lost discrimination case deserved to be dismissed Priyank Thakkar, a City broker, has quite rightly lost his race discrimination case, suing for discrimination and unfair dismissal. Thakkar took a Friday off to celebrate Diwali, but the following Monday texted his boss at 2.30pm to say he wasn’t coming in. “I overdrank, vomited, passed out and only woke up an hour ago, sorry,” he said, an explanation that didn’t go down too well. It came after numerous unexplained absences, as well as lying about needing an operation to get 11 days off. Of course, he deserved to be dismissed. But what does it say about how this country’s work ethic is perceived by others if he really thought this was an acceptable excuse? Incidentally, Priyank is still on LinkedIn. Employers: form an orderly queue!