According to Netweather, notable snow deposits could make landfall in less than two weeks. From Monday, March 21, forecasters with the organisation have identified a fast-moving snow system passing over Scotland and into England.  Scottish highlands stand to gain approximately 100mm (4 inches) of snow from 6pm on Monday, with two patches of 65mm and 75mm (2.5 to 3 inches) on the southern border and over Yorkshire. Northern Ireland could also see a covering, but more limited at around 35mm (1.3 inches) over the northwest. A tight cluster of snow showers will first stick to Scotland's mountains and northernmost regions. By early on Tuesday, the snow will start moving further south, concentrating in Northern England between Sheffield and Edinburgh.  The Scottish highlands remain high-risk for snow, as totals stick around 100mm, primarily over the Cairngorms. Coverage extends as far south as Wales by this point, again over the highest elevations at the Snowdonia National Park, where depths could reach 65mm. By 3am on March 22, the snow has moved off Scotland completely, sticking to Wales, the Midlands and Yorkshire. The system by then should cover most of Wales with 65mm (2.5 inches) depths but with the most snow in the Lake District and its surrounding areas.  READ MORE: Britons demand we accept Ukraine refugees - should they house them? Totals should max out at 90mm (3.5 inches) but stick between 70mm and 85mm (2.7 and 3.3 inches) nearby. Towards mid-morning on March 22, around 9am, the snow will extend its furthest south. Totals between 25mm and 55mm (1 and 2 inches) will dominate a sliver of southeast England between London and Peterborough, with 20mm (0.7 inches) around Norwich and Hull. Snow depths will increase further north, spreading around the northwest and Wales.  DON'T MISS:Queen’s teenage job to be honoured during Platinum Jubilee Queen 'facing dilemma' after cancelling Commonwealth serviceJacinda Arden’s party slips in polls amid spiralling Covid cases Netweather has plotted red spots around higher land in Wales and Northern England, where snow could pile up to 70mm (2.7 inches). In Sheffield, the system could add another 15mm to 20mm (0.6 and 0.7 inches), bringing the depth to 70mm and 75mm (2.7 to 3 inches). A spiral formation of persistent heavy snow will gradually move northwards after appearing around the Balkans next week, with its unusual route to the British Isles also seeing it move through the Alps. The flakes will eventually make landfall in the north east on March 22, before a larger front hits the south coast of England in the early hours of March 23. On the second day accumulations of 2cm per hour will be possible in Kent and some areas of the south west. Before then, some isolated patches of snow are also expected to appear in the north of Scotland as early as Sunday, with more significant snowfall coming next Wednesday. Tomasz Schafernaker from BBC Weather also said some “changeable” and at at times stormy weather can be expected throughout the mild weekend. 