Russia has reportedly requested equipment and other kinds of unspecified military assistance from China to help with its invasion of Ukraine. It's currently unknown whether Russia is attempting to bring Chinese troops into the conflict which has been ongoing now for three weeks. Joe Biden’s national security adviser Jake Sullivan, said: “We are communicating directly, privately to Beijing, that there will absolutely be consequences for large-scale sanctions evasion efforts or support to Russia to backfill them. “We will not allow that to go forward and allow there to be a lifeline to Russia from these economic sanctions from any country, anywhere in the world.” Liu Pengyu, the Chinese embassy spokesperson in Washington, said he was unaware of any suggestions that China might be willing to help Russia. He said: “China is deeply concerned and grieved on the Ukraine situation. “We sincerely hope that the situation will ease and peace will return at an early date.”  READ MORE: Russia allies and enemies: Why China could be Putin's key friend Mr Sullivan will arrive in Rome today for talks with Yang Jiechi, China’s top foreign policy official. China so far has largely stayed out of Russia’s business in Ukraine, calling for peace but also stopping considerably short of condemning Russia, like a multitude of other nations. In Beijing last month, Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping proclaimed their partnership as having “no limits”, in another sign that the two were tightening their relationship. According to World Population Review, China has an astounding four million military personnel. Russia is not far behind, with about 3.5 million military members in total. These are divided by active members, reservists and paramilitary members.  DON'T MISSEU leaders slap down Brussels chiefs over £400m Ukraine war claim [INSIGHT]Putin's threat to UK: 'I could sink your ships without a world war' [REPORT]Ukrainian families turned away by UK visa and IT system failure [INSIGHT] China has the highest number of active military personnel in the world, with some 2.1 enrolled in the army in some form. Russia has considerably fewer, but still a huge number of active military members, with around one million on duty. Since the fall of the USSR, Russia has continued to man its armed forces with conscripts. Hundreds of thousands of men between 18 and 27 years old are drafted into the military each year, who serve in the army, Ministry of Internal Affairs forces, border troops, and other branches of Russia's military arsenal. Those who are called up to serve remain in service for 12 months - a reduction on the two-year term reduced in 2008 reforms. Conscription is not implemented in China, as there are enough people willing to join without being forced too. However, all 18-year-old men have to register themselves with the government authorities. In practice, registering does not mean joining the People's Liberation Army is mandatory.