The Welsh Government announced a formal consultation on proposals for a tourist tax in the country. Many members of the tourism industry were dismayed. Abergavenny Chronicle reported that Peter Fox, the Member of the Senedd for Momouth and Shadow Minister for Finance, said: “Worryingly, tourism in this area (Monmouthshire) and elsewhere in Wales, would be under threat, if the Welsh Government imposes its tourism tax. “The tax would devastate Wales’ tourism sector by hammering jobs and businesses. “Welsh Government ministers need to understand that the fallout isn’t worth the risk. “We urgently need to help businesses, not grind them into the ground.” READ MORE: British expat warning of ‘total nightmare’ rules in Spain Tom Giffard, Shadow Minister for Culture, Tourism and Sport, said: “The Welsh Government’s plan to pursue a tourism tax is utterly illogical, given it would undoubtedly create a black hole underneath our economy. “Welsh Government ministers need to understand that jobs and businesses would collapse under this tax, and, once they have disappeared, they will not come back. “Therefore, I will do everything I can to prevent the Welsh Government imposing such a disastrous tax on Welsh tourism.” Interest in Welsh holidays soared during the pandemic and many British tourists are planning to visit the country this year. Popular areas include Snowdonia National Park, the Brecon Beacons and Pembrokeshire Coast national park. The Welsh Government has called the tourist tax a local visitor levy and said it would help raise revenue for local authorities. Rebecca Evans, minister for finance and local Government, said: “Visitor levies are a common feature in tourist destinations internationally. “They are an opportunity for visitors to make an investment in local infrastructure and services, which in turn make tourism a success. “Without such a levy, local communities face an undue burden to fund local services and provisions on which tourists rely. “From keeping the beaches and pavements clean, through to maintaining local parks, toilets and footpaths, the critical infrastructure that supports tourism should be supported by all those who rely on it. “The introduction and subsequent use of such a levy would enable destinations in Wales to be enjoyed for generations to come and encourage a more sustainable approach to tourism.” The minister said that the levy would apply to tourists staying overnight on a holiday in Wales. Tourist taxes can be controversial but many holiday destinations have introduced them to cover costs. The Spanish hotspots of Barcelona and Majorca have tourist taxes although a proposal for Benidorm was met with anger. The Italian city of Venice and Thailand have also announced plans to introduce tourist taxes this year.