WARNING: the following article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders season six, episode five. Peaky Blinders fans were baffled when they set eyes on Curly (played by Ian Peck) when he joined Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) and his son Duke (Conrad Khan) in the scrap yard. Tommy called Curly over to ask him to prepare two horses and a cart for Duke, who wished to leave his father behind. As Curly appeared on screen, many noted the beloved character looked slimmer than usual. Fans took to Twitter to ask if Curly actor had been replaced by another actor. Mea Louise posted: “Na Curlys lost to much weight #Peakyblinders.” (sic) “Curly is looking trim! #PeakyBlinders.” @Dame_unique tweeted. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn Martin Kelly tweeted: “Bloody hell Curly's lost weight #PeakyBlinders.” “Sorry did they change the actor that plays curly? #PeakyBlinders,” @Xhakaed shared. Many were quick to reply, with @ruby_alice confirming: “No they haven’t I think he’s just lost some of the weight idk though.” Alice added: “No i don’t think so, he’s just lost a load of weight!” (sic) The credits for the episode, titled The Road to Hell, confirmed Ian Peck had not been replaced as Curly. Ian has played the role since the series started in 2013 and has appeared in most series. Curly is a stable boy and ferryman who works in Charlie Strong’s (Ned Dennehy) yard. In season two, Tommy informs May Carleton (Charlotte Riley) Curly is the best horseman in all of England. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders star details alternative script featuring Polly Gray [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders: Where is Linda Shelby? Will she be in season 6? [UPDATE]Peaky Blinders season 6 theory: Tommy Shelby's diagnosis incorrect? [THEORY] Actor Ian is best known for his role as Curly but he has also appeared as a Death Eater in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. He also appeared as a guard in The Wolfman and as Harry Dale in Lady Chatterley’s Lover. Elsewhere in the latest episode, Michael Gray (Finn Cole) vowed to kill Tommy once and for all. He was visited in prison by a man dressed as pries, who told him: “I’m here on behalf of your wife Gina and Jack Nelson. “Mr Nelson is prepared to get you out of here but first he needs an answer to a question. If the answer is yes, you will be released. If the answer is no, you’ll stay.” Michael confidently replied: “I have consulted my mother,” to which the messenger cut in: “Your mother is dead.” “Nevertheless I have consulted her,” Michael hit back. “And yes, when I am released, it is my intention to kill Tommy Shelby.” Peaky Blinders concludes Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.