  Loose Women presenter Janet Street-Porter has faced backlash from model and businesswoman Caprice Bourret, after writing an unfavourable article about her on International Women’s Day. Caprice accused Janet of “attacking” other women after the ITV presenter criticised the model for posing nude as part of her protest against Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.      Celebrity Big Brother star Caprice, 50, took to Instagram yesterday to pose for a series of nude photos, in which she had the words “F U WAR” written across her back and chest. The images were released on International Women’s Day in protest against Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine, with the intention to “instigate more talk” around the subject. Janet, 75, wasn’t too impressed with the snaps, however, and blasted Caprice’s “bizarre” Instagram post in her column for the Daily Mail. “Crass, self-centred, inappropriate - the list of boxes this bizarre ‘anti-war’ stunt ticks is long,” Janet wrote. READ MORE: Martin Lewis issues warning after addressing 'dangerous' issue     “It’s a perfect example of an ego pimping off a catastrophe - when a celebrity hijacks a disaster and claims to be doing charitable work in the process.” She added: “I’m sure that sleep deprived, Ukrainian women carrying sick children to safety during a bombing raid will find Caprice’s strip show of support invaluable.” Today, Clarice hit back at Janet’s scathing article in a defiant Instagram post in view of her 419,000 followers, beginning it with the hashtag “#hypocrite”. “Yesterday, on #internationalwomensday Janet Street Porter, a journalist, that utilised her amazing platform with a newspaper column that reaches millions of readers to attack women,” she wrote.      “I posted a message on my Instagram yesterday messaging #nowar … we want peace!!! “I spoke very passionately about how this war is a disregard for humanity, utterly heartbreaking, and how scared I am of the implications it has on the world. “Ms Porter cherry picked key words from my post…” she continued angrily. “Changed its contextual meaning to suit her scathing narrative then she proceeded to go after @stellamccartney saying her charitable donation to the #Ukraine from sales is nothing more than a PR exercise to promote her brand. READ MORE... Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [NEWS]     “Talk about hypocrisy at its best!!! What exactly have you done JSP apart from attacking women just to fill column inches to get a paycheck and stay relevant at the expense of others???? “‘I’ve learned that people will forget what you have said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel’ - Maya Angelou. “I love to celebrate women, lift them up, and support them,” she finished. Express.co.uk has contacted Janet Street-Porter’s representatives for comment.      Yesterday, Caprice called to end the war in Ukraine under her series of nude snaps and noted that she had to re-upload the post after Instagram attempted to take it down. “Yesterday I posted these pics and Instagram took them down,” she wrote. “Today I have reposted.” “I feel very strongly about the messaging and my freedom of speech which was provoked. These pics are provocative which I have modified today and the messaging is very strong. “Clearly I did this on purpose to instigate more talk. Society has this powerful platform to communicate to the world, promote peace and put increasing pressure on those who are making decisions on our behalf. “With internet and socials, we are blessed with freedom of speech so we could form our own perspective and opinions. “Furthermore, on a humanitarian level it is heartbreaking, some of the most horrific images I have ever seen. “The evil and lack of human regard is disgusting and so very sad. But if you look at history, this is very scary and can implicate all of us on multiple levels. “We the people including those who are bravely demonstrating in Russia, risking getting 15 years jail time, to stop this senseless war. We all don’t want war, we want peace!!!!”   