Piers Morgan has reacted over the death of legendary Australian star Shane Warne. The cricket legend has died of a “suspected heart attack” at the age of 52, as tributes have begun pouring in over the news. Shane’s death was confirmed earlier today in a statement from his management team. This read: "Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. "The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course." Piers has since shared a moving tribute to the star, calling him a “loyal friend”. READ MORE: Rachel Riley supports husband Pasha as he breaks silence on Ukraine He wrote: “Absolutely devastated to hear that ⁦@ShaneWarne⁩ has died from a heart attack aged just 52. “He was a genius cricketer, a supreme entertainer, a fantastic bloke and a great loyal friend for many years. “Just gutting news. RIP Warnie, I loved every minute in your company.” Other stars have also weighed in on the news, calling it “truly shocking” Monty Don tweeted: “The news of Shane Warne's untimely death is truly shocking. “For those of us who love cricket he enriched our lives beyond measure.” Dan Walker wrote: “Genuinely can’t believe the sad news about the death of Shane Warne. “He came on Breakfast just a couple of weeks ago & was as effervescent as ever. “What a talent he was. He had a huge impact on cricket and will be sorely missed by so many.” DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSIGHT]Gethin Jones posts update from hospital after ankle surgery [VIDEO] While Gary Lineker added: “Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. “The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can’t quite believe it. RIP Shane.” Shane is widely considered one of the best bowlers in history. The legendary leg-spinner took over 708 test wickets over his career. This was the second-most of all time over the 15 years he played. He retired from the sport in 2007 but did play Twenty20 cricket until 2013. He retired from the sport in 2007 but did play Twenty20 cricket until 2013. Warne had three children with ex-wife Simone Callahan, who he was married to from 1995 until 2005. He later dated English actress Elizabeth Hurley before they got engaged in 2011. The pair called off their engagement in 2013.