Arsenal could be in the hunt for Rennes midfielder Lesley Ugochukwu if reports are to be believed - with the club supposedly believing the player to be 'the new Patrick Vieira'.  The Gunners are already looking ahead to the summer with the aim of signing new players to maintain their progress, with a top-four finish achievable this season. Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe, Gabriel Martinelli and Ben White amongst others have all excelled this year. Arsenal have taken a big forward step after getting rid of their older stars and building around younger talents. And Ogochukwu could be the next one in the pipeline, according to L'Equipe. But they say Tottenham are also keen on the player and could rival any interest from Arsenal. The report states that Eduardo Camavinga's impressive performances at Real Madrid this season has seen clubs across Europe turn their attentions to Rennes' other youngsters. And Ugochukwu is the next in a long line of talent to have received media praise. The 6ft 2in midfielder, who turns 18 on Saturday, has already recorded 17 appearances for the Brittany-based outfit and stylistically bears a similar resemblance to Camavinga. And that has piqued the interests of Arsenal, who 'appreciate' the profile of the youngster and seem convinced by the idea of signing him. The Gunners already have a strong French-speaking contingent, with William Saliba, Alexandre Lacazette, Nicolas Pepe and Thomas Partey all in their ranks. And that may convince Ugochukwu to make the switch from France to the English capital in order to enhance his career. Arsenal reportedly view the teenager as capable of emulating Patrick Vieira, who won three Premier League titles, four FA Cups and three Community Shields. If Ugochukwu can produce even half of what Vieira did for Arsenal, it would be an astute signing for Mikel Arteta. And the Spaniard would continue to fulfil the club's vision of signing young players with the signing of the Rennes star Arteta praised his players ahead of their run-in to the end of the season. "You can see the connection they have. It is phenomenal to watch," Arteta said. "If you want to be a top team, you have to win home and away. We are doing that consistently and we have to continue. We really want [the top four] and we are going to give it a go."