Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps actor Will Mellor, 45, has spoken out about Clarkson’s Farm host Jeremy Clarkson, after mentioning the presenter when speaking on the Two Pints with Will and Ralf podcast. The stars brought up Jeremy after talking about the Cotswolds. Former co-stars Will and Ralf were speaking about where the latter would go when he was travelling around in his transit van in his younger years. The Death in Paradise actor explained that he went to “Cornwall and Devon a lot". He added he once went to Kidderminster and quipped that he wasn’t sure why, as he never saw the midlands as a holiday destination. Will then added that he just remembers one-way traffic in Birmingham when he thinks of the midlands. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award Ralf then brought up the Cotswolds, at which point Will responded with a cheeky jibe towards the former Top Gear presenter. “Cotswolds! That’s where the farm shop is, isn't it? “What’s it called? Thingy. D***head from Top Gear. Used to be on Top Gear.” The Royle Family actor then responded with a chuckle and said: “D***head from Top Gear! I knew who you meant.” Will then said: “Exactly! Bing, bing, bing! Answer!" Despite his swipe at Jeremy, Will went on to praise the star's popular Amazon Prime show based on his Chipping Norton farm. The star said: “He’s got the farm series, which is actually quite good. “I think he owns loads of land, and I think that’s in the Cotswolds.” DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] Jeremy is currently filming his second series of Clarkson’s Farm. The show details the ups and downs of life on Diddly Squat Farm and the farm shop. Film crews have been spotted on the farm since November and will reportedly continue to film until July. However, an official release date for the series has not yet been confirmed. Nevertheless, Jeremy opened up about a recent accident which took place near his land in Oxfordshire. Writing for The Sunday Times, he said, referring to an incident where he was driving a shabby BMW: “It was the noise that gave it away first. “A sort of shooshing sound, followed by the slow-motion staccato of the car’s antilock braking system fighting a losing battle with a surface that plainly had the mu characteristics of wet soap in a puddle of Fairy Liquid. “In short, I was driving on black ice.” Jeremy was left unharmed, yet shaken by the incident.