Arsenal's failed 2014 pursuit of Luis Suarez when he was at Liverpool - and their £40million plus £1 bid - lives in Premier League legend. But according to Leicester manager Brendan Rodgers, Arsenal could have signed a player much like Suarez two years later. The Gunners had agreed a £20m fee for Jamie Vardy in 2016 after he scored 24 Premier League goals to fire Leicester to an improbable title triumph that was a 5,000 to 1 longshot with bookmakers in pre-season. Arsene Wenger ultimately couldn't get a deal done and former Arsenal transfer chief Dick Law explained to The Athletic in 2020: "The deal with Leicester was done, the deal with the player was done. He came down to visit with his wife Rebekah, he sat on the couch in front of Arsene... and then he backed off. "On his way back to Leicester I get a call from the player saying he wants to think about it overnight. At that point, you know it's bad news." To date Vardy has recorded 128 Premier League goals and his latest in midweek was his 94th strike since his 30th birthday. That meant he overtook Arsenal icon Ian Wright's record of 93. MUST READ: Arsenal boss Arteta explains Edu's Watford mission in transfer hint And Rodgers, the Liverpool boss when Arsenal tried to sign Suarez, said of Vardy, now 35: "He's irreplaceable. There isn't another Jamie Vardy. He's like Luis Suarez. They are two or three steps ahead of other people. "He brings a devilment to the game. He's massive for us. I felt the same way with Suarez at Liverpool. The minute he walks out of the tunnel opposition supporters probably know a bit of what's coming. "It's just what his presence gives you. You can almost see their centre-halves taking a backward step. Jamie has an in-built brain for the game. He's 35 and yet he’s still got the pace and the hunger. "It's only when he is done and dusted that he will be truly appreciated. His legacy here will live on. He's a huge influence. He’s one of the Premier League's greatest ever strikers." DON'T MISS: Wright lauds Arsenal boss Arteta for having last laugh on four calls What could have been for Arsenal had they snapped up Vardy six years ago. He has scored at least 16 goals across all competitions in every season since and has 12 in 23 games this term despite a two-month injury lay-off. Arsenal icon Wright however last year backed Vardy's decision to snub his beloved Gunners, saying on the Wrighty's House podcast: "With the Vardy one, it's even better for him because he was thinking 'Arsenal are after met' – they really wanted him. "They really did want him. They went in hard. But if you've won a league at Leicester, and you're comfortable there... "At Arsenal, you're going to be under immense pressure to try and win the league, and you've already done it. You can get the same money [at Leicester]. Why [would you go to Arsenal?] Can you imagine?" MORE PREMIER LEAGUE NEWS...Tottenham boss Antonio Conte weighs in on Abramovich selling ChelseaGuardiola names the 'unstoppable' Utd player who City must controlChina 'to cancel Premier League broadcasts' in support of Russia Wright's comments to Watford goalkeeper Ben Foster on the Fozcast podcast indicate however what Arsenal missed out on by failing to sign Vardy. He said: "When he blasted onto the scene, when he scored that goal against [Manchester] United when [Leicester] were just magnificent in that game, I remember saying 'if that guy carries on what he's doing, he will play for England'. "I got hammered. They were cooking me for it. I saw everything in him: pace, desire, finishing ability, hard work. "I saw every single thing in Jamie Vardy and I still see it to this day. I adore him. I adore him for what he does and the path he's blazing. I love Jamie, bro." Wright's not wrong - Vardy is still going very strong. Unfortunately for Arsenal in their hunt for Champions League qualification, it's not for them. Who knows how different the last few years would've been if Vardy was a Gunner.