Prime Minister Boris Johnson suffered backlash on Saturday after he was accused of making "utterly distasteful" remarks in appearing to link the Ukraine conflict and the Brexit vote. Mr Johnson said in Blackpool that it was the "instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom", with the Brexit vote a "famous recent example". Chancellor Rishi Sunak sought to defend the Prime Minister saying he did not think Mr Johnson had been suggesting the UK's decision to leave the European Union and the fight against Russia's invasion in Ukraine were "analogous". The remark has been criticised, including within the Tory ranks, with Labour calling on Mr Johnson to apologise to both Ukrainians and Britons. But the Chancellor said he felt the Prime Minister was not making a direct link between the two events. Speaking to Sky News's Sophy Ridge On Sunday programme, Mr Sunak said: "No, I don't think those two situations are directly analogous. "Clearly they are not directly analogous and I don't think the Prime Minister was saying that they were directly analogous either." Mr Sunak added: "People will draw their own conclusions. People can make up their own minds." Offering a defence of Mr Johnson, the Cabinet minister said there had been "no doubt" about the part the Prime Minister had played on the international stage in responding to Russian President Vladimir Putin's aggression. "He has taken a lead internationally in assembling a coalition of countries to inflict maximum economic pain on Putin and has galvanised opinion and I think he deserves enormous credit for that," he added. READ MORE: Russian troops cut off in devastating blow to Putin's war plan But the Prime Minister was also criticised across the EU for his comments. Responding to Mr Sunak's defence, Alexander Stubb, former Finnish Prime Minister said: "This idea about 'Global Britain' is as true as 'Peaceful Russia'. Simply utter rubbish, to put it diplomatically. "To claim that ⁦Boris Johnson⁩ 'has taken a lead globally in standing up to Putin' is an illusion only possible in Brexit la la land." But his claims sparked the fury of author and political commentator Nick Timothy in the UK. DON'T MISS:'Putin's only just started!' Russia may 'conquer big chunks of Europe' [VIDEO]Putin hit with betrayal as Belarusian troops turn on Russian war [REACTION]EU diplomat: Brexit Britain 'made the difference' in Ukraine's war [ANALYSIS] Mr Timothy said: "With this anger directed at the country that armed and trained Ukrainian troops first, I dread to think what he’s going to say about the European countries funding Putin’s war through their energy dependency." Conservative MP Robert Halfon also looked to play down Mr Johnson's comparison, telling BBC Breakfast: "I don't think it is as big a deal as some people are making out. "The way I see it is the Prime Minister was saying we're a vibrant democracy; we're such a vibrant democracy, we've had a referendum. Ukraine wants to be a vibrant democracy and the Russians are trying to stop that," the Commons Education Committee chairman said.