 The Red Devils were holding onto a 2-1 lead thanks to Cristiano Ronaldo’s first-half brace. However, Sergio Reguilon’s inviting delivery forced an own goal by Maguire. The England defender slid in to attempt to clear the ball, only to instead divert it beyond David De Gea and into the net. It allowed Spurs a route back into a game they had otherwise failed to gain a grip on. Harry Kane had scored a penalty in the first half while Eric Dier had an effort cleared off the line. JUST IN: 5 things we learned as Ronaldo hat-trick seals Man Utd win vs Spurs Eagle-eyed fans noticed what Spurs defender Romero did in the aftermath of his side’s equaliser. Romero would have been on hand to tap in his first goal for the North Londoners had Maguire not unwittingly intervened. But the Argentine was still happy to rub the misfortune in the face of the 29-year-old Maguire. Broadcast cameras showed Romero bending over to laugh at Maguire after the goal.    The United captain did not react to the savage move by the 23-year-old and instead continued to stare away in disappointment. The move would ultimately backfire on Romero, though, as United quickly scored a third goal to go ahead again. Ronaldo's thumping header from Alex Telles' corner completed a remarkable hat-trick. Maguire was one of the first players to run over to congratulate the Red Devils icon. The former Leicester City man had already been brutally mocked by United icon Roy Keane for wearing gloves as he warmed up ahead of the game. DON'T MISS...Keane ridicules Man Utd duo for kit choice against TottenhamMan Utd's plans for Tottenham game thrown into doubt hours beforehandLiverpool boss Klopp makes Man City admission after Brighton victory  Watching footage of the pair preparing for the game, Keane interjected: "Are they gloves? Are they wearing gloves? Am I seeing things? “That's a great message, that." Sky Sports presenter Kelly Cates responded: "Maybe they've just got cold hands?" But Keane – a strong critic of Maguire – was tongue in cheek with his next quip, suggesting: "Two big strong centre-halves. I don't mind the full-backs wearing them..." Maguire had removed his gloves by kick-off.    