The new drug has been shown in trials to extend the life of those with a rare and aggressive type of lung cancer. The medicine, called Mobocertinib, can be taken as a tablet. It has been shown in trials to offer an extra two years of life to those with a particular form of cancer.  The Times reported that patients in England are set to become the first in Europe to access to this new drug. Approximately 100 patients with a mutation-driven advanced form of lung cancer will be eligible for the drug each year. They will be for those patients who have already had chemotherapy. The drug will be given to those patients who have a form of cancer that cannot be surgically removed. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as kidnapped mayor RESCUED in 'special operation'  This type of cancer mainly affects younger people and non-smokers. Mobocertinib is manufactured by Takeda and targets the relevant mutation within a cancer cell by blocking a particular enzyme from working. This slows the growth of cancer cells. UK health officials have made a deal with drug-maker Takeda under a new scheme called Project Orbis. JUST IN: Ukriane war: Britons issued new advice for travel to Europe [INSIGHT]Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelensky [REVEAL]Putin Shambles: Russian forces routed - column wiped out  [VIDEO]  Project Orbis is an international collaboration between drug regulators in the UK, US, Australia and other nations. The regulatory body aims to speed up the approval process for cancer treatments which show promise. They said that the drug would be provided within weeks "on a budget-neutral basis to the NHS while Nice completes its ongoing appraisal". Professor Stephen Powis, NHS national medical director, told The Times: "this is is the latest in a long list of deals we have struck to provide the latest cutting-edge cancer treatments for patients at a price that is affordable for the taxpayer". Health Secretary Sajid Javid said: "Our early access agreement through Project Orbis, an international partnership, has allowed us to make this drug available on an accelerated timescale - a fantastic example of post-Brexit global collaboration ensuring UK patients receive the best possible care and treatment for cancer." 