Ukrainians who have escaped the Russian invasion will be keen to establish a normal routine again when they arrive on British shores. Securing a job will no doubt help to achieve that goal and relieve them of any financial worries. Express.co.uk outlines how you can register your interest to find work. If you visit Gov.uk you can find full or part-time jobs in England, Scotland and Wales. All you have to do is use the ‘Find a job’ service to search and apply for jobs. You will need to create an account and anyone who is looking for work in Northern Ireland should be aware that a different service is available.  READ MORE: Couple ate scallops and steak at restaurant then left without paying The Government has said all refugees who arrive under the Homes for Ukraine scheme will be able to seek and take up employment. While they are searching for work they may also be entitled to receiving certain state benefits. In order to find out which benefits your guest is eligible for it’s recommended you contact your local Jobcentre Plus. Benefits which are available include:  For example, Ukrainian Events in London has set up an online page that is advertising jobs specifically for refugees who have fled the war. Anyone who is interested in finding out more is urged to fill out an application form on their website. The site is currently asking any employers in London who have “open vacancies suitable for Ukrainians” to get in touch with them.  DON'T MISS: Raab plans to APPEAL release of Baby P's mother [NEWS]Prince Andrew was meant to 'sit behind daughters' at memorial  [INSIGHT]PMQs: Boris and Commons erupts as Starmer demands PM RESIGN [WATCH] If you’re hosting Ukrainian refugees you can also help them to settle in their new area by giving them “practical advice” on things such as transport links and where the local shops are. Advice on the Government’s website states: “As a sponsor, you’re not expected to provide transport for your guests throughout their stay. “It would be helpful to direct your guests to public services. “For example, this could involve helping your guests to contact and register with a local GP and NHS dentist.  “Additional guidance on how to access public services can be found on the Gov.uk website. “As a sponsor, the first thing to do will be to make sure guests are comfortable in their accommodation and set up with the basics. “They should have enough food and essential supplies like toiletries and it’s worth checking that they’ve got access to a mobile phone and the internet so they can stay in touch with family and friends.” 