The Prime Minister celebrated investment into Britain from the land Down Under as he prepares to host a UK-Australia investment roundtable at Downing Street later today. Mr Johnson will be joined by International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan and 10 Australian CEOs and senior executives in his hybrid roundtable meeting. The investment also sees the UK emerge from 2020 as Australia's second-largest destination for foreign investment and the second-largest investor in Australia. Championing the investment into Brexit Britain, the Prime Minister said in a pre-recorded clip: "I'm very proud to announce that leading Australian businesses are investing a colossal £28.5billion in infrastructure, in green technology and in new sustainable homes here in the UK. "And that will mean tens of thousands of jobs that will help us to level up across the whole of the country. "And it will mean new offshore wind projects in Lincolnshire and in northern Scotland. It will mean hydrogen hubs in Southampton and in Orkney. "And it will mean 2,700 sustainable homes. I've never seen a package of investment like it. "It's fantastic news for our country and what it means is that we'll be intensifying our friendship and our partnership with Australia but also driving huge numbers of jobs here at home. JUST IN: Labour coup: Rosie Duffield turns on Keir Starmer in transgender debate - ‘PM nailed it’ "And it's a fantastic example of Global Britain in action." But the investment has also been lauded by businesses. Shemara Wikramanayake, the managing director and CEO at the Sydney-based financial services firm Macquarie Group, said: "The UK was our first destination when we expanded internationally in 1989, and has remained a strong focus for our investment activity ever since. "The UK has been a world leader in the positive utilisation of private capital to meet essential infrastructure needs of communities, including as a global leader in investment in the energy transition. "We look forward to building on our track record of investment of capital and expertise to deliver the next generation of UK infrastructure." The news comes just three months after the UK signed its historic free trade agreement with the land Down Under. READ MORE: Peston: Tory MPs and voters back Boris to stay on even if PM is fined over ‘partygate’ The deal is expected to help Brexit Britain unlock an extra £10.4billion, according to the Department for International Trade. However, the ex-chairman of Barclays Bank and Investment Minister, Lord Grimstone, said today's announcement added a further boost to the trade deal signed between London and Canberra. He said: "The investment announced today not only builds on the UK-Australia Free-Trade Agreement but will help level up every part of the UK. "Investment is a driving force for the creation of jobs and higher living standards, and I’m delighted we’ll see this right across the country." But the most recent boost to Brexit Britain comes after the Office for Budget Responsibility concluded the UK had become a "less trade intensive economy" and pointed out its trade as a share of GDP had fallen by 2.5 times more than any other G7 country. DON'T MISS:Brexit: Britons blast 'EU corruption' as Frost slams 'fiction' [LIVE]Boris Johnson ruthlessly lets rip at Starmer after trans row [REVEALED]Boris has inconsistent Starmer on spot in tense partying row [SPOTLIGHT] Campaigners have also described the UK's bespoke Australia trade deal as containing "no safeguards" for environmental protection or animal welfare and leaving farmers exposed to "unfair competition with outdated, cruel and unsustainable farming practices". US President Joe Biden's commerce chief dealt Brexit Britain a blow after saying it is not worth spending "years and a lot of blood, sweat and tears working on" a deal with the UK. However, Washington ditched the punitive 25 percent of tariffs imposed on UK steel and 10 percent levy attached to aluminium. Recent reports also suggest Brexit Britain could spark a free trade bonanza with six big deals being lined up by Ms Trevelyan and formal talks with Canada starting last week. The UK has already signed more than 70 free trade deals since leaving the Brussels bloc, including bespoke agreements with Australia, the European Union, Japan and New Zealand.