Will Smith's actions have been covered on a global level. Earlier today, he released a statement to apologise for hitting comedian Chris Rock at the 94th Academy Awards. His mother has opened up about the jab and stated that this is the "first time" she had seen her award-winning son "go off" like this and that it is very out of character. Now several years later, it appears their feud came to an explosive point after his G.I Jane joke went a step too far for the actress, who is currently suffering from alopecia.The Men in Black star's mother has spoken about the altercation.Carolyn Smith said: "I know how it works and how hard he works."Speaking to ABC 6 she continued: "He is a very even people-person, and that's the first time I have ever seen him go off. "The first time in his lifetime."During the interview segment, the news anchor commented: "It surprised you too, huh?"The 85-year-old replied: "I have never seen him do that."Mentioned how he doesn't do "half-steps" his Oscar-winning moment could not have been soon enough for the family's matriarch. DON’T MISS…'No room for mistakes' Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [LATEST]Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]Laura Kuenssberg replaces Andrew Marr on Sunday Morning show 'It's an honour' [LATEST] Carolyn described: "He had been waiting and waiting and waiting, and when I heard the name I just said… yes!"With an extensive back catalogue of movies to his name, his mother "thought he should have had an Oscar for all of them."Will's sister Ellen Smith spoke about conversations with her brother and the sacrifices he has made to get to where he is now.Ellen described: "I have had conversations with him, and it really broke my heart listening to the things he has had to go through to get to where he is." The actor's statement about the event was posted on his Instagram, where he shared his thoughts and feelings with his 61.7 million followers and the world.He described: "Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive."My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. "Fans can read his full apology on his Instagram account.