The NHS says type 1 diabetes occurs when “the body’s immune system attacks and destroys the cells that produce insulin”. Meanwhile, type 2 diabetes occurs when “the body does not produce enough insulin, or the body’s cells do not react to insulin”. Of these two forms of diabetes, type 2 is the most common, making up 90 percent of cases in the UK. There is a third type, known as gestational diabetes, but this only affects pregnant individuals. READ MORE: Dementia: The drink that could cause the brain to shrink and reduce me  The symptoms of type 2 diabetes show up in various ways, including how the body gets rid of waste. One of the symptoms of type 2 diabetes is urinating more than usual. This symptom will raise its head during the night. Other symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: feeling thirsty all the time; feeling very tired; losing weight without trying; itching around the penis or vagina; and repeated episodes of thrust.   Furthermore, cuts or wounds taking longer to heal, and blurred vision are also signs of the condition. A number of factors can also increase a person’s risk of developing the condition such as being over the age of 40, having a close relative with diabetes, if they’re overweight or obese or are of Asian, African-Caribbean or black African origin. If an individual is uncertain whether or not they’re at risk of type 2 diabetes, the NHS has a checker tool on their website here. It is recommended that a GP should be seen if a person is concerned they have any signs of type 2 diabetes or is worried they are at a higher risk of developing the condition. Meanwhile, while close to five million people in the UK are living with diabetes; in Europe the number is much greater. In light of the ongoing crisis in Ukraine, the InDependent Diabetes Trust (IDDT) has called on people to donate diabetes related medicinal products such as blood glucose meters, insulin, lancets, glucagon, and hypoglycaemia treatments. For those living with type 1 diabetes running out of insulin can result in a life-threatening situation, and if they’re fleeing their homes they may not have had time to grab what they need. Martin Hirst, the Chief Executive of IDDT, said: “The deepening crisis in Ukraine means that there is an increasingly desperate need to help people trying to live with diabetes. “As the bombing continues, pharmacies close, hospitals run out of supplies and supply routes [are] targeted." Although not all pharmacies in Ukraine are closed, as the conflict spreads further west, it will become harder for patients to get the medications they need to survive. Co-chair of IDDT Jenny Hirst added: “We have joined forces with other organisations to do our best to help get supplies to where they are needed as quickly and safely as possible.” Multiple health organisations have launched campaigns to try to help tackle the current emergency medicinal situation. 