These are the fearless Ukrainian soldiers heading to the frontline to resist Vladimir Putin's bloody invasion. Thousands of couples said their farewells yesterday before the men boarded trains to take them towards the massed tanks and missiles of Russia. The squaddies gathered at stations in the capital Kyiv, Lviv in the west and Dnipro in the centre - with yellow tape around their arms to distinguish them from the enemy. They put on a brave face, smiling at proud partners and families before clambering on to trains, ready to do their bit. And they are set to be joined on the frontline by a handful of serving British squaddies who have gone AWOL - Absent Without Leave. Ministers fear Russia could interpret their fighting in Ukraine as Britain getting involved in the conflict. Prime Minister Boris Johnson warned yesterday they may face punishment on their return. He said: "We have very clear laws. You shouldn't go to Ukraine and I'm afraid people going from our Armed services will face court martial." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Ministry of Defence has banned all service personnel from travelling to Ukraine "until further notice". Armed Forces minister James Heappey said the rigid stance was to avoid Russian propagandists using it as an excuse to drag the UK into the conflict. He said: "It is illegal for British service personnel to go absent without leave. To go to fight in a foreign war is simply unacceptable and risks the UK being wrongly claimed by Russia to be a belligerent in this. Service people who might think they are doing the right thing should reflect, it is 100 percent not the correct thing." Mr Heappey said he had heard only a small number of serving troops - "around three or four" - had gone to Ukraine. But he added: "It's not just the very small number of soldiers... I would say to the wider veteran community, there's a thing deep inside you as a soldier - you see TV images - that makes you want to go and fight for what is right." These remarks contradict comments from Foreign Secretary Liz Truss on February 27 when she said she would "absolutely" support Britons going to fight "if that's what they want to do".