While tomorrow, Wednesday, is forecast to be a little wet, weather will improve as the week goes on and into the weekend. Warmer temperatures will continue into the following weekend, according to reports, with Britain looking likely to fair better than other countries in Europe. Tomorrow will be the “wettest day of the week”, according to the latest BBC Weather for the Week Ahead programme. But even the rain seen then will be “nothing major”, reports Jim Dale from the British Weather Services. This will not, the BBC confirmed, be a “washout”. Temperatures, at this early stage of the week, are expected to drop – to as low as one degree in Stornoway, Scotland. Mr Dale told Express.co.uk: “High pressure is returning thereafter but [there will be] brisk winds Scotland-way for a time on Thursday.” Other than this, the weather is looking up. The BBC talks of “promising” weather across the rest of the week and into the weekend. Temperatures will be in their mid-teens on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. READ MORE: Tice argues '50 years+' of gas owned by Britons is waiting for us It is set, however, to be colder in coastal areas – though this is not atypical. Temperatures will reach higher heights the weekend after, for which there are reports of 18 degrees in parts of northern England. This will see areas of the country experiencing higher temperatures than parts of Greece next Saturday, which is mainly eyeing up mid-teen figures. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Back to this week, Mr Dale said: “Universally dry and sunny to fair for the weekend. “Next rain [will be on] Tuesday from the south – warming with it in the south.” Meanwhile, eastern Spain and later southern France will be bearing the brunt of the rain, he added. Mr Dale said Britain will, at most, suffer “some minor frost and not overly warm” temperatures. There are currently no weather warnings from the Met Office either for the week or the weekend. It appears this is unlikely to change.