Mercedes will bring big upgrades and show their real pace in pre-season testing in Bahrain next week, according to former Formula One driver Jolyon Palmer, who says the best is yet to come from the team. Mercedes had a drama-free three days of testing in Barcelona last month but it was Red Bull and Ferrari who looked to have the most impressive cars for 2022. On day three in Spain, Lewis Hamilton was quickest while new driver George Russell was second-fastest as the duo posted times that were 0.3seconds ahead of third-placed Sergio Perez. But the main consensus was that the Silver Arrows had failed to impress as much as some of their rivals despite having won the last eight Constructors' Championships in a row. With Russell new to Mercedes, and with Red Bull and Ferrari impressing and McLaren posting strong times with Lando Norris and Daniel Ricciardo, there are question marks over the Silver Arrows. But Palmer, who raced in 2017 for Renault, has dismissed those claims and says they will go all out in Bahrain testing next week. JUST IN: Christian Horner given food for thought over Max Verstappen partner  "The first running in 2021 was actually far more dramatic for Mercedes than the first sessions in 2022," Palmer told F1.com. "Despite the cars being drastically different this year, the team looked to be in a decent position early on, unlike in Bahrain 2021 where the car looked undrivable at times, as the team battled the more minor regulation changes. "It was fairly metronomic as usual from Mercedes in racking up the mileage without serious mechanical issues, as well as getting on with the pre-season rituals of practice starts, pit stops and a semi-race sim from Lewis Hamilton on the final day. "Porpoising, which affected all the cars to some extent, seemed to be particularly harsh on the Mercedes on the opening day and the drivers weren’t particularly happy initially.  "Throughout the three days, it looked to improve, as did their lap times, with the help of the softest C5 tyre. "George Russell looks immediately settled and accomplished alongside Lewis Hamilton. This was a decent start for the reigning constructors’ champions. "Of all the teams, the feeling is that Mercedes could introduce the most upgrades next time out in Bahrain, and showcase their true pace a little more." DON'T MISS:F1 have Verstappen to 'thank' over Hamilton as Red Bull salary commentMercedes have already made 'big, big upgrades' in responseMax Verstappen admits he has blanked Lewis Hamilton since Abu Dhabi  The new season starts in Bahrain on March 18-20. Hamilton will look to avenge his controversial loss to Max Verstappen on the final day of last season by winning the opening race of the season in the Middle East. The Brit could claim his eighth title in just 16 seasons if he is top of the standings at the end of the year.