Forecasters say that, following this weekends storm, the week to come will see mostly settled conditions, before worsening into the weekend. Maps and charts indicate the UK is set to drench in downpours and some snow beyond that. By 6am on Wednesday, after days of mostly dry weather, a band of rain from the Atlantic is expected to strike in Northern Ireland and Scotland. This band, bringing up to 2mm of rain an hour, will combine with a southwestern plume of rain by midday, strengthening to shower North Wales and Merseyside with up to 5mm an hour. The rain then moves northeast, soaking Newcastle in 3mm an hour, as pressure systems create a north and south divide. By 12pm on Thursday, this rain band is set to clear to the northeast of Britain, with the 24 hours up to that time seeing 27mm fall over the north coast of Wales, and 26mm falling over Newcastle. The days up to Sunday, March 20, will be mostly dry, before more rain returns in the Atlantic by midnight. Pressure building over the Atlantic is expected to send heavy rain over Ireland and the southwest of Britain by 6am, before the system moves to the north to the UK. While the pressure system moves away, a low front of rain and snow strikes the south of Britain by midday, with conditions also allowing for 1cm of snow to fall over the north of Wales. By 6pm, rain and snowfall is expected to strengthen, with most of the west of Scotland and north of Wales covered by up to 2cm of snow an hour, while Cornwall and Cardiff soak in 3mm an hour showers. Snow and rain are expected to strengthen overnight, blanketing most of Wales and the west of Scotland, as well as soaking the east of Ireland and south west England, before easing in the morning. Monday morning sees snow move into Belfast and Cornwall, with the South West of England experiencing chaotic spells of up to 2cm of snow and 5mm of rain fall by 6pm. In the 24 hours up to midday on March 21, WXCharts indicates 40mm of rain will fall over Minehead, Somerset. READ MORE: UK's list of 'probable nuclear targets' unearthed Ian Simpson, Netweather.tv forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website there are signs “high pressure will build around the middle of next week, bringing in a spell of more settled weather”. He said: “Cloud and light rain will clear from eastern and north-eastern Britain during the morning, but high cloud may prove slow to clear over East Anglia and the south-east. “It will generally be a day of sunshine and scattered showers, the showers generally heaviest and most frequent in the southwest, where they may locally be accompanied by thunder. “Much of northern and eastern Scotland will stay dry, but a few showers will push into north-eastern districts late in the day. “It will continue warm for the time of year, with most places seeing highs between 12 and 14C.” Mr Simpson then added “the changeable, warm theme will continue through to midweek”, where poorer conditions begin to return in earnest. He added: “Monday looks like having a north-south split, with rain affecting much of Scotland, Northern Ireland and northern England, and just limited brighter intervals, but just isolated showers with sunny intervals further south. “Through Tuesday and Wednesday, we can expect a band of rain to spread slowly south-eastwards across the country. “To the south and east of this rain band, it will turn very warm for the time of year away from south and east-facing coasts, with highs of 17 to 19C in parts of England and perhaps even 20C locally.” The Met Office’s long range forecast from March 17 to March 26 said: “On Thursday (March 17), plenty of sunshine is expected, after the clearance of some isolated mist and fog patches. “Winds light and variable aside from the far northwest where it will be breezy, with temperatures near to above normal. Throughout the rest of the period, high pressure is likely to dominate. “As a result, most areas should be dry, and with a notable breeze, frost and fog should be limited. Temperatures mild to very mild for most. “However, it may become chilly by day should the winds tap into colder air across eastern Europe. The sunniest weather is expected to be in the south and east, but some low cloud is likely around North Sea coasts. “There is a lower likelihood of wind and rain pushing into western areas at times.”