In a poll which ran from 10am on Tuesday, March 22, to 9am on Thursday, March 24, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think MPs colluded with Remainers to stop Brexit after the vote?” A whopping 10,277 people responded with hundreds of comments left below the accompanying article in a lively debate. The overwhelming majority – 95 percent (9,775 people) – said “yes”, MPs had "colluded" with the EU to stop Brexit. Meanwhile, just five percent (477 people) said “no” and a further 25 people said they did not know. In the comments, readers said that MPs had tried to stop Brexit, prioritising their own interests. Username steve050 said: “The people voted out and there was a concerted effort by a substantial number of the political class and civil servants to overturn democracy. It continues today.” And username We'rehavingweather said: “It was obvious that MPs were working against the electorate.” While username greyjaybee said: “Silly question really. They unashamedly and overtly did so on a daily basis.” Others thought that MPs sided with Remainers and the EU. Username Inspector Corner of The Yard wrote: “Of course there was collusion. There was a cohort of MPs who aligned themselves with the EU. “They tried to put every obstacle they could find in the way. Thankfully democracy won in the end.” And username Patriot4 said: “The MPs definitely colluded with the ‘Remainer’ side.” While username Alannn said: “Of course they did. It was there for all to see. "Totally undeniable – but that won't stop the remoaners denying and keeping on whining about it.” DON'T MISS:'Are you a shameless criminal?' P&O boss left squirming in toe-curling grilling by MPs [LATEST]Biden to snub trade deal as Boris told UK not worth 'blood, sweat and tears' [LIVE BLOG]Truss tightens shackles on Putin's war machine - UK announces major new retaliation [UPDATE] On Monday’s episode of Jeremy Vine, a furious row took place between journalist and commentator Owen Jones and a caller named Joan. The argument followed a comment made by UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson comparing the Brexit vote to Ukraine’s resistance to Russian invasion. Caller Joan said: “When Remain lost, nearly 500 MPs and that corrupt Speaker colluded with the 27 countries in the EU to delay implementation of the results. And ultimately to stop it." Mr Jones replied: "Those MPs were democratically elected by the British people.” He continued: "We voted to leave and we left. The reason there was a long delay wasn't because the EU stopped us from leaving, it was because there was a debate amongst democratically elected members of Parliament about what leaving should look like.”