A Western intelligence report said senior Chinese officials told senior Russian officials in early February not to invade Ukraine before the end of the Winter Olympics in Beijing, according to senior Biden administration officials and a European official.  The report suggests senior Chinese officials had some level of knowledge about Russia’s war plans or intentions before the invasion started last week. The intelligence on the exchange between the Chinese and Russian officials was classified. It was collected by a Western intelligence service and considered credible by officials reviewing it. However, different intelligence services had varying interpretations, and it is not clear how widely the information was shared. Chinese officials have condemned the invasion of Ukraine and suggested a diplomatic solution should be the chosen route. One official familiar with the intelligence said the material did not necessarily indicate the conversations about an invasion took place at the level of Mr Xi and Putin. When asked by email on Wednesday whether Chinese officials had urged Russian officials to delay an invasion of Ukraine until after the Olympics, Liu Pengyu, the Chinese Embassy spokesman in Washington, said, “These claims are speculation without any basis, and are intended to blame-shift and smear China.” READ MORE:Sickening cluster bomb assault on city Officials from China’s foreign ministry have cast blame on the United States for current tensions surrounding Ukraine and followed Russia’s lead in calling the war in Ukraine a “special military operation” instead of denouncing it as an invasion. Yet the situation in Ukraine has also placed China in a dilemma, due in part to its principles of non-interference and respect for territorial integrity that dictate its foreign policy — principles that would run foul of Russia’s military aggression against its neighbour. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi told senior European officials on February 25 that China “firmly advocates respecting and safeguarding the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries... equally applying to Ukraine”. DON'T MISS:Meghan McCain backs Piers Morgan over Biden [REPORT]Walls close in on Putin as Royal Marines join NATO [REVEAL]Huge convoys of Putin's tanks reduced to rubble [INSIGHT] However, when asked to vote on a UN Security Council resolution on February 25 denouncing Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, China abstained, leaving Moscow to veto it alone. On a phone call between Xi and Putin that same day, the Chinese president did not endorse the assault on Ukraine, but said that he supported “Russia and Ukraine resolving this problem through dialogue.