Maria Connor (played by Samia Longchambon) has been busy running a political campaign in Coronation Street as she strives to secure a place on the Weatherfield council. However, official soap spoilers reveal her new career will lead to her two biggest supporters receiving upsetting news. Coronation Street fans will know Maria has been busy supporting Gary Windass (Mikey North) in his bid to do right by Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson). Alongside assisting her husband and running a business, Maria has been focused on becoming a local politician. Phil Whittaker (Jamie Kenna) has been by Maria’s side helping along the way but both he and Maria’s brother Kirk Sutherland (Andy Whyment) will pay a price for their good nature. In upcoming ITV soap scenes, Maria tells Kelly she’s put her forward for Trainee Stylist of the Year at the North West Hairdressing Awards. Read more: Coronation Street's Gary Windass star addresses possible exit The teenager is gobsmacked and can’t do enough to express her gratitude. Meanwhile, Phil tells Maria he has a plan to turn her campaign around and secure her victory. Phil produces a confidential report proving that the council are covering up the dangers of local air pollution. Kirk, dressed in his Buzzer the Bee costume, stands alongside Phil as he shares the details of the report. On the day of the election, Gary and Maria head out to cast their votes. The couple pose for photos outside the polling station and wait for the results. However, Maria feels a pang of guilt when Phil confesses he’s jeopardised his own career. He explains his boss won’t be impressed with his decision to leak the report. Things go from bad to worse for Maria when her brother reveals he’s been sacked as Buzzer Bee. Will Maria win the election or will all her efforts be for nothing? DON'T MISSCoronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret? [INSIGHT]Coronation Street heartache as Craig splits with pregnant Faye? [SPOILER]Coronation Street theory: Simon Barlow to die - but who is the killer? [THEORY] Meanwhile, even if the hairdresser secures her victory, will she be able to enjoy it knowing she’s cost her two biggest supporters their jobs? Elsewhere, Maria’s political career or lack thereof will be the least of her worries when Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) confronts her husband about his involvement in Rick Neelan’s (Greg Wood) death. The ITV soap star spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about Gary’s realisation his murderous past is about to be exposed. He said: ”This is where his world comes crashing down, essentially. He always thought he could manage to get his way around it. "But that body is the one thing that could signal trouble and this is the worst-case scenario.” The actor continued: "It's all a bit of a ticking time bomb at the minute and I guess the next few months are going to be crucial for Gary's life. "It's going to be exciting times and hopefully some good stuff for the viewers to watch. “These scripts have been some of the best stuff I have read while I've been here. So hopefully, it’s all good.” Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.