Dishwashers are a hugely popular appliance in British households with an estimated 49 percent of all UK households owning one according to data published in 2018. Only certain items are dishwasher-friendly. Dishwashers can remain in good working order for many years if they are treated well. Cleaning experts at Which have shared six items to “avoid” putting in dishwashers. The experts at Which said: “A dishwasher can make your life much easier by freeing you from doing the dishes. “But do you have a tendency to throw in everything and anything? “Here is a list of items that you’re secretly ruining by cleaning in your dishwasher over and over again.” While steel and ceramic knives are safe in the dishwasher, and won’t tarnish, keep them out to make sure they last longer and stay in great condition. The cleaning experts said: “The dishwasher could cause the knives to dull faster than otherwise, making them far less efficient.” READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains So it is best practice to wash your kitchen knives by hand. Anything wooden, whether it be spoons, boards, chopsticks or serving bowls, they can’t go in the dishwasher. Wood expands in water which means soaking spoons in dishwashers is generally not advised. The experts said: “Regardless of what type of wood it is, the high heat of a dishwasher can cause it to splinter and split. “Instead, wash wooden items by hand but avoid submerging them in water for a long time.” DON'T MISS:Interior designer shares ‘number one thing’ for luxurious bedroom [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT] A quick rinse and scrub should be fine. Non-stick pans should be washed and dried by hand, as the dishwasher can wear down the non-stick surface over time. Usually, pans will state if they are or are not dishwasher safe on the bottom of the cookware. All cast iron will have a layer of seasoning. This isn’t salt and pepper like you put on your food, but a protective, non-stick layer of baked-on oil which you regularly have to take care of and top up. In the dishwasher this will be washed away, and the iron beneath will rust. Many cast iron pots and pans have a layer of enamel to make it easier for you to take care of them. But this can wear down and dull in the dishwasher. That means you should keep your Le Creuset out of the dishwasher if you want it to last and stay bright and vibrant for a long time. The sustained high temperature of a dishwasher could damage the vacuum seal on insulated pitchers or reusable water bottles. This will make the insulation worse and make them not as good at keeping your drinks hot or cool. Many people stick their oven trays in the dishwasher so they don’t have to scrub them clean. But it’s important to check what they are made out of, as stainless steel and anodised aluminium are fine, but cast iron or regular aluminium will need to be washed by hand. What more, you don’t want a load of grease in your dishwasher, as it could clog the pipes. So wait for the tray to cool and for the fat to solidify and then you can scrape it off and put it in the bin – much better for your plumbing.