Former Liverpool goalkeeper David James believes Carabao Cup final hero Caoimhin Kelleher will have a “big decision” to make about his future this summer. Jurgen Klopp gave the 23-year-old the nod at Wembley ahead of first choice shot-stopper Alisson Becker, despite the fact it was the first competition Liverpool could win this season. The Irishman did not let his manager down, making vital saves from Chelsea duo Christian Pulisic and Romelu Lukaku, the latter of which being in the dying seconds off the opening 90 minutes. However, he secured his hero status amongst his teammates and Liverpool fans by converting what turned out to be the winning penalty in the penalty shootout. After confidently dispatching his spot-kick, Chelsea keeper Kepa Arrizabalaga blazed his effort over the bar, cuing exuberant celebrations from the red half of Wembley. But despite his excellent performance, James believes his future will not be a simple matter. JUST IN: Chelsea crisis as Abramovich faces rethink with 'two trustees' concern "Kelleher, he's proved himself as a very, very capable goalkeeper,” James said to Sky Sports. “Also, when Alisson signs a new five-year deal, you ask the question 'are you planning on being Liverpool's next no. 1 or is this just a stepping stone?'. "I think at the moment, obviously he's getting a lot of rave reviews, he can get away with not having to play every week. “But there will come a point where Liverpool will have to make a decision. DON'T MISS...Everton 'incandescent' on VAR injustice after third Kavanagh callArsenal announce £107.3m hit as 'unclear' agreement may spell troubleLeeds announce Marsch as Bielsa replacement with long-term contract "Or Kelleher has to make a decision, 'am I going to be a No.1 somewhere else or am I going to stay at this massive club winning trophies and just playing my part in cup matches?'. While Kelleher has played all but two cup matches in the League Cup and the FA Cup, he has only made two Premier League appearances for the Reds. Alisson may prove to be an immovable object for Kelleher, considering the Brazilian’s excellent displays since his move from Roma in 2018. Moreover, the 29-year-old, who was purchased from the Serie A giants for a hefty £67m, also put pen to paper on a new contract at the start of the season, keeping him at Anfield until the summer of 2027. But James admitted he would look for a new club if he found himself in the same position as the Liverpool academy graduate. "It's an interesting dynamic, and it's something that I've been noticing a lot more in the last year or two, the rotation of squads," James added. "Manchester City and Liverpool are the two teams that seem to do it more than anyone else, and how players are satisfied with not playing every week. "I would leave. I couldn't help myself, I just wanted to play all the time. “Leaving Liverpool is a big decision to make, especially for someone like Kelleher."