Mercedes have responded to Ferrari man Carlos Sainz's ‘typical’ George Russell comment with a light-hearted post on their official Twitter page. Formula 1 stars have been out in Bahrain this week, after going through their pre-season testing ahead of next Sunday’s campaign opener in the Middle East. One team who have impressed both in Bahrain and in Barcelona last week is Ferrari, who have more than competed with the sport’s two dominant forces Mercedes and Red Bull. So much so that the Silver Arrows new man Russell outlined the Italian-based team as the potential favourites for the championship heading into the new campaign. Sainz however was quick to respond to the Englishman’s claims and accused Russell of ‘typically’ hyping up Ferrari’s chances despite knowing deep down Mercedes are the strongest outfit. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton makes alarming admission as Mercedes driver shuts down Horner and Sainz  The Spaniard told the official Formula 1 website: “I think it’s typical Mercedes, typical George. “Just hype up the others and then come to the first race and blow the competition away, which is typical. “If it had would be the first year they’ve done it then I would maybe believe them, but they’ve done it for five six years now and they keep [performing] in the first race. “So, as you can imagine I don’t think much [of the comments] and yes, already in GPS [data] we can also see what they are doing and yes, I’m not going to say much… yes, I’m not going to say much.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton exposes truth on bad blood with F1 rival Max VerstappenFerrari want Mercedes trick banned from Hamilton and Russell carsLewis Hamilton brought back down to reality by Mercedes chief  Following Sainz’s comments, Mercedes clearly saw the funny side as they took to Twitter to share a photo of their new man Russell with the caption: “Typical George.” Despite Russell singling out Ferrari as his early season favourites, Sainz played down his team’s early testing successes, and instead believes the difficult conditions in Bahrain have made it difficult to find out who is the leading team heading into the season opener. Asked about his confidence he said: “Yes, still obviously not much [confidence], because we are still obviously going through our run plan. Going through the things we want to test before going here for the race weekend, and it’s still very difficult to know where everyone is.  “Particularly here in Bahrain… one hour changes everything. A wind direction change here can mean once corner becomes super tricky to super easy and some track temperature up and down just means you are two-three tenths quicker [or slower]. “So it’s very difficult to take conclusions in Bahrain, even when you are testing stuff that you’re interested in taking conclusions. “It’s particularly challenging because the track keeps changing and keeps evolving every half an hour, basically.”