 From 2030, sales of new petrol and diesel cars will be banned, which many within the Government have praised for the boost it will give to the 2050 net zero goals. Despite this, the shift towards electric cars will result in a significant drop in revenue from fuel duty, which many have described as a “motoring black hole”.  A further ban will be introduced from 2035, with all new cars being sold being required to be completely zero emission. As a result of these changes, many have predicted that car tax changes will be required, charging all drivers, including those who drive electric cars. In a new survey, more than three in 10 drivers said they thought the fairest way to tax drivers in the future was to charge them for the miles they travel. This solution was much preferred to imposing a duty akin to fuel duty on electric cars, which only 11 percent of survey respondents thought was fairest. READ MORE: ‘Privileged’ couple get swift justice for parking pedestrian crossing  Hugo Griffiths, features editor at carwow, highlighted the need for the Government to act to ensure drivers are not left in the dark. He said: “The Government’s plan to ban the sale of new petrol and diesel cars is a bold ambition. “But with the next decade looming ever closer, decisions will soon have to be made in Whitehall about how to replace the revenue these vehicles have generated for over a century. “Our research indicates taxing drivers based on how many miles they travel is preferred, and this should be good news for the Government.” DON'T MISSNew car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs [INSIGHT]'Now we know truth' Fury as fuel retailers fail to pass on 5p duty cut [SHOCKING]Calls for VAT cut on public electric car chargers for cheaper charging [COMMENT]  Drivers involved in the carwow also favoured other methods including 11 percent supporting the use of road tolls and continuing fuel duty. A further 10 percent favoured low emission zones, as seen in Birmingham, Bath and Portsmouth, as well as London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ). Mr Griffiths continued, saying: “Other solutions, such as raising revenue from electric chargers, pose significant technological challenges with the domestic power grid, for example. “In contrast, the Transport Committee has already heard that real-time telematics technology - similar to the systems used by insurers for ‘black box’ policies - already exists.  “Myriad questions remain though.” Research from the RAC Foundation found that under an optimistic scenario for the future take up of EVs the £16.4billion figure could be cut to £11.4billion by the middle of 2028. This 30.5 percent reduction, or £5billion, would have a major impact on the UK roads, with that total being spent annually on operating, maintaining and enhancing motorways and A roads. Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said: “Whilst we will all welcome a shift to greener driving, the sooner it happens the more pressing the dilemma for the Chancellor who faces a looming hole in the public finances.  “Currently, drivers of electric cars benefit from purchase subsidies and cheap running costs as ministers push to get more people to ditch fossil fuels. “However, ministers must soon decide how and from where they are going to plug the fiscal hole electrification will inevitably cause. “It could be that they choose to regard a drop in yield from motoring taxation as the price to be paid for saving the planet.” The RAC Foundation forecasts that the decline in income would be faster still if not for a short-term rise in the number of petrol and plug-in hybrid cars on the road caused by drivers switching away from diesels but not straight to EVs.