The moment came as the pair introduced the "Mind Mangler,", but as he stepped onto the stage, the audio from a previous clip was played over the scene and he was left looking unsure of what to do. BBC viewers became confused as they heard Eddie Redmayne speaking to a group of children about their Comic Relief efforts as the magician tried to speak on the stage. "Please welcome to Red Nose Day 2022 the Mind Mangler!" Paddy announced. As he strolled onto the stage without speaking, Eddie Redmayne's voice played from a previous clip of him at the Harry Potter studio. He could be heard commenting: "Hello, welcome to Hogwarts, we just wanted to say a huge thank you to all of you for the amazing fundraising for Comic Relief. Tell us some of the things you've done." A young girl could be heard replying: "I sat in baked beans for four hours." READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? As the camera panned back to the presenters, Paddy and Alesha looked baffled. The latter, not realising what had happened, stated: "Give it up for the Mind Mangler!" After a pause, she added: "Oh, it's a technical fault! That's what I should have said." "It's not very magic?" Paddy joked, adding: "I mean..." "It's a technical fault," Alesha repeated, trying to smooth out the blunder. "It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter," Paddy remarked as they continued with the show. It didn't take long for viewers to express their confusion over the incident. Twitter user @RickyOrr joked: "The mind mangler mangled the mind so much that the mind of the mangled couldn't mangle anymore and so mangled #ComicRelief! @henrywlewis @mischiefcomedy @magicgoeswrong." DON'T MISS... Jane McDonald opens up on touching memory with late father [VIDEO]All Creatures Great and Small boss talks filming 'difficult' show [INTERVIEW]Laura Tobin sparks GMB chaos as ITV star 'oversleeps' [LATEST] @WhoPotterVian wrote "Is it wrong that I genuinely can't tell if that Mind Mangler bit was genuinely supposed to happen, or if it was an actual technical fault? #comicrelief." "I'm trying to figure that out as well!" Lisa Waran replied. @PepperPot penned: "Magic gone wrong with the Mind Mangler was hilarious. Best thing so far. #ComicRelief2022." @STiRLONDON commented: "WTAF was that? Mind Mangler? Tbf, mangled mine, I had to leave the room it was THAT bad. #comicrelief #ComicRelief2022." Felicity Todd posted: "#ComicRelief2022 #RedNoseDay Are they gonna show The Mind Mangler??? Please! @mischiefcomedy." (sic) As well as Paddy and Alesha, Lenny Henry and David Tennant hosted the show live show. This year's fundraiser included sketches, live performances and big surprises to raise much-needed cash for good causes. Comic Relief is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.