Coca-Cola is a globally recognised brand in the world of soft drinks, but thanks to its acidity and chemical structure, the beverage also has some unusual cleaning hacks. The beverage's ability to shine surfaces around the home is due to its low pH balance and levels of critic, phosphoric and carbonic acid. However, although it can be used as a cleaning agent, stickiness is an obvious by-product of the carbonated syrup-based drink. Therefore, you will need to give any surfaces a once over after using it to remove the stickiness. Furthermore, cola is not a disinfectant so for anti-bacterial properties you'll still need to turn to your cleaning cupboard staples. Here are three household items cola can be used to clean. READ MORE: Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss According to CNET, the fizzy drink can remove hard-to-clean stains on the inside of your toilet bowl. This also includes a stubborn build-up of limescale. According to Drench.co.uk, cola is a gentle, yet effective solution for getting rid of limescale. Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, a specialist at Drench said: “Cola normally contains a stronger concentration of phosphoric acid than traditional cleaning sprays, making it a fantastically quick and easy method of cleaning your bathroom on a budget." DON'T MISSAlan Titchmarsh shares ‘brilliant’ bag hack for growing potatoes [REVEALED]How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [EXPLAINER]Home interior trends that ‘make it harder to achieve a sale’ [COMMENT] To do this, simply pour cola directly onto the stains themselves or cover the entire inside of the bowl by putting cola in a spray bottle and spritzing the interior of your toilet. Letting the cola sit for some time can boost its effectiveness. Then, scrub away at any stains with a toilet brush before flushing. However, you will then need to clean your toilet bowl using disinfectant to get rid of any germs. Perhaps one thing that cola is most known for cleaning is rust. You can strip rust from metal tools, nuts, bolts and even chrome fittings in your kitchen. However, be warned that it will likely leave a sticky coating. Furthermore, if you are using cola on chrome, leaving it too long can eat away at the finish. Be sure to only leave it on the surface for a few seconds before wiping it away. For large surface areas, you can put your cola into a spray bottle and spritz over the affected region. Then, simply rinse with water. For rusty hardware or tools, fill a cup or bowl with the fizzy drink and drop the items in. Leave them to soak overnight and by morning you can simply scrub away the rust using a wire brush. Once complete, rinse with warm water and wipe away using a clean cloth.  In the same vein as rust, cola also works to soak away any difficult-to-remove grease which may be baked onto pots and pans. For a pot of pan, pouring in coke and popping it onto the hob on low heat can help remove any unwanted grease. Allow this to sit for 30 minutes to an hour, keeping an eye that it does not bubble too much. Then, using a scouring pad, scrub away the build-up. This method can also be used to remove any foods which have stuck to your pan during cooking, such as rice or eggs.