Manchester United transfer target Ousmane Dembele is expected to leave Barcelona at the end of the season when his contract expires, but the Frenchman's future might have just taken a twist. Dembele is out of contract this summer and has shown no willingness to sign a new deal. Dembele came close to leaving the Nou Camp in January and seemed set to be frozen out. After refusing to lower his salary and sign a new contract, the forward was reportedly close to leaving. Reports linked him with Paris Saint-Germain after his agent was spotted on the phone to a contact named 'Leonardo PSG' - a reference to the club's sporting director. But in the end he stayed put, and was mercilessly booed by his own fans after returning to the pitch. Ahead of the summer, his future once again seems unclear. According to Spanish outlet Sport, a number of teams have withdrawn their interest in Dembele. Juventus and Chelsea have both apparently decided against moving for the French international, despite both being linked in January. PSG have also apparently ended their interest in Dembele, leaving the door open for United. That means United are the only remaining team interested in signing the forward, but it doesn't mean Ralf Rangnick's side will seal a deal. Instead, Sport claims here's a chance Dembele could instead be offered a two-year contract to stay at the Nou Camp. However, instead of initiating talks themselves, Barca chiefs will reportedly wait for Dembele to make the first move. That's because relations between the two parties seem to be at an all-time low. Despite the uncertainty surrounding the winger's future, Xavi is adamant he wants Dembele to stay past the summer. Speaking in late February, he said: "Xavi said: "Ousmane's contract is up in June and it's a matter that's between the club and him. I see him as being happy. He's acting like a true professional. I'm very happy with him. "Even when he knew he wasn't in the squad, he's been a model professional. I haven't had the slightest problem with Ousmane." He added: "We'll have to see what happens between now and the end of the season. It's down to the club and it's down to him. He's an important player and one I like."