Brenda appeared alongside her Kate and Koji co-star Okorie Chukwu on Thursday’s This Morning where they discussed the upcoming series with Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby. While they chatted about what filming for series two has been like, the actress also gave ITV viewers an update on the latest series of Vera. Filming for series 11 of Vera was put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic. ITV bosses were forced to spread out the episodes, with two airing last year, and another two being shown in January. However, it is unclear when the final episodes of series 11 will be shown. During the interview with Holly and Phillip, Brenda, who plays DCI Vera Stanhope, admitted she didn’t know when the remaining episodes would air. READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? Although, she did give fans an exciting update about when filming for series 12 would commence. “We’ve got two more episodes of the current series of Vera,” Holly began as she held up a DVD of the show. “We’ve got episodes one, two, three and four,” the host continued as Brenda replied: “Yes, they are out now. “There will be another one with five and six at some point.” “Are you still loving it?” Phillip asked as the actress replied: “Yeah, yeah, it is great. “I love the North East and the people are just fabulous up there and the crew are very loyal and the cast are all the same. “It’s the same as on Kate and Koji, it’s like a family.” She went on to explain that she finished filming for Kate and Koji two weeks ago, as she added: “And I start filming for Vera on Monday.” DON'T MISS...The Royle Family: Where are the cast now? [CAST]Emmerdale rocked by triple exit as villagers hit with tragic news? [SPOILERS]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [INSIGHT] “You’re away for a long time then, aren’t you?” Phillip quizzed. The DCI Stanhope star replied: “It is about six or seven months.” Brenda’s character in Vera is far from the role she plays in Kate and Koji. The new series will see Okorie make his debut as asylum seeker Koji after Jimmy Akingbola left to pursue a role Stateside in the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air reboot.     Speaking about taking on the challenge, the actor said: “When I read the scripts, I really felt a connection with Koji. “And when the job was offered, I did think it's not a usual way to onboard the show, but it was a hit show and an amazing comedy. “Everyone was so welcoming and so warm and the way that the team got me involved and supported me throughout the whole process, it was amazing.” Brenda chipped in: “It was a very easy transition because we'd missed a year because of the lockdown. It's been a two-year gap.” This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. 