A Russian passenger plane was defiantly trolled earlier on Friday as it was signalled in by a Ukrainian flag. Footage shared on social media showed a worker at Israel's largest airport Ben-Gurion Airport gesturing to the plane upon arrival. The worker could be seen flying the blue and yellow Ukrainian flag towards the Russian-flagged plane. The incident was shared as an "act of trolling and a show of solidarity" with Ukraine. It is understood that the airport worker used the flag to signal in several planes, according to the Jerusalem Post. Itay Blumental, a reporter for Israeli TV, later confirmed that the man was "suspended from his job" following the incident. While many Israelis have backed Ukraine against the massive Russian invasion, the country's government has sought to strike a delicate balance. Israel joined a UN General Assembly motion on Wednesday condemning Russia’s invasion and urging Moscow to immediately withdraw its forces. JUST IN: Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine However, the country, which has also maintained strong ties with President Putin, has cooperated with Russian forces to carry out strikes in Syria in recent years. This comes as leaders across the West condemned Russia's overnight attack on the Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant, the largest in Europe. Russian forces have since seized the nuclear power plant, which was struck by continuous shelling. While Ukraine claims approximately 9,166 Russian troops have died in the conflict, Moscow put this number far lower at just 498. Earlier today, the UN human rights council voted overwhelmingly to set up a commission of inquiry to investigate alleged rights violations by Russia in Ukraine. Only Eritrea voted with Russia against the resolution, while 13 abstained. Ukraine has accused Russian forces of “destroying Ukrainian cultural sites”. A statement from Ukraine's minister of culture read: "A mad dictator threatens to destroy St. Sophia Cathedral in Kyiv, a Unesco church built in the 11th century. "Hundreds of innocent victims, the total destruction of churches, cathedrals, and museums – is the price of the still opened sky over Ukraine." DON'T MISS: West-leading the way to defend democracy for all [EXPRESS COMMENT]Analyst toasts 'death of Russian stock market' live on TV [VIDEO]Raab expresses fear for Zelensky's life after assassination plots [INTERVIEW] On the ground, Russia has continued its bloody battle today by laying siege to residential areas in Mariupol, Borodyanka and Kharkiv. Meanwhile, President Putin warned Russian neighbours “not to escalate the situation” by imposing more restrictions on his country. He said: "There are no bad intentions towards our neighbours. I would also advise them not to escalate the situation, not to introduce any restrictions. "We fulfil all our obligations and will continue to fulfil them."