If you’re into astrology and spirituality, you might already know that houseplants play a role in healing and raising your vibrational energy. Other benefits include reducing stress, increasing attentiveness, raising productivity and helping you recover from illness faster. Astrology fans don’t do anything without considering their horoscope, so the experts at Clear It Waste Collection have revealed which houseplant is most suitable for each zodiac sign. Aries, it’s time to invest in a Calathea (Prayer Plant). The experts said: “Bold rams love to have a big presence in any room which is why the Calathea (Prayer Plant) is a perfect fit. “With lush multi-coloured foliage; everyone's gaze will never be too far away, and similar to their star sign counterpart, Prayer Plants can wilt from a lack of attention.” Prayer Plants are also thought to clear the air at home by filtering out air pollutants. The Ponytail Palm is the ideal plant for luxury-loving Taureans. Like bulls, the Ponytail Palm loves to relax in serene environments. The experts said: “Preferring to bask in the sun, this plant is forgiving in nature; only needing rays half the time to thrive. “Their low maintenance watering needs of once every few weeks also align well with Tauruses’ trademark patience and perseverance.” Taureans will love the idea that this plant is also helping their health by breaking down toxic gases. READ MORE- Gardening jobs to do in March - ‘prevent’ weeds and kill moss now Gemini is all about duality and is symbolised by the twin, which is why the Bromeliad is its perfect match. The experts said: “Gemini is a busy sign that some say needs a clone of itself in order to get everything done. The Bromeliad does exactly that! “This long-lasting plant produces pups that will replace the original. “Like their zodiac counterparts, too much attention is the biggest turn off for this greenery, so water sparingly.” Cancerians better get their hands on an Asparagus Fern ASAP. The experts explained: “Those under the Cancer sign are attractive yet intuitive, meaning they easily pick up on any energy around the home. “An Asparagus Fern is similar in that it can thrive in the right environment but also possesses a need for healthy attention.” The Yucca plant seems like it’s made for Leos to enjoy. The experts said: “This spirited fire sign is known to enjoy the sun while holding a natural air of regality, much like the Yucca plant and its expansive plumage. “The Yucca embodies vivacity and is a great plant to bring a taste of nature indoors, provided you bring the sunshine in with it!” The Begonia plant is perfect for sensible Virgo. The experts pointed out: “This earth sign represents practical, perfectionist qualities that match the Begonia plant perfectly. “Its beautiful blooms come in a variety of colours and patterns that need minimum upkeep when situated well indoors. “This allows detail orientated Virgos time to focus on other areas of their lives.” DON'T MISS...Horoscopes & love: Most ‘passionate’ sign urged to ‘hang back’ [INFORMER]New Moon rituals: The 5 things to do on Wednesday’s Pisces Moon [INSIGHT]Pisces New Moon horoscope: When’s the next New Moon? [EXPLAINER] Libras should run out and buy a Peace Lily as soon as they can. The experts reasoned: “Libras champion harmony and equality, which makes them perfectly suited to the Peace Lily. “The Peace Lily is great for detoxifying the home, beautiful to look at and considered one of the easiest plants to care for. “This combination makes it suitable for any space or situation, just like Libras.” The Cast-Iron Plant is the dream companion for Scorpios. The experts said: “Scorpios are strong characters that embody independence and persistence. As its name suggests, the Cast-Iron Plant shares similar traits. “Considered one of the hardiest plants to grow indoors, it’s comfortable at extremes that others wouldn’t survive, just like members of this water sign.” African Violets are completely suited to Sagittarians. This sign is known for being spontaneous and having a thirst for adventure, the experts said. The explained: “In African Violets, a Sagittarius would find a good match with one of the most popular houseplants across the world. “Like the fire sign this plant has a few quirks involved in its care, but if these are met it will produce an elegant display of purple petals.” Ever heard of the Guiana Chestnut (Money Tree)? It’s the plant version of a Capricorn. The experts said: “Capricorns are known for being practical, ambitious and self-reliant. “The Guiana Chestnut is a perfect match with a low maintenance personality and slender, interwoven roots to keep its flowers and fruits on another level. “The Feng Shui belief that this plant brings luck to its owner will also help with this sign’s lofty aspirations.”