Manchester United and Arsenal target Darwin Nunez has taken inspiration from Luis Diaz’s transfer to Liverpool, according to reports. Nunez is apparently likely to join a Premier League club this summer having enjoyed a successful season at Benfica. The 22-year-old has scored 20 goals in 22 league appearances this season, with a further four strikes coming in the Champions League. A Champions League clash with Liverpool in April presents the perfect chance to audition to English clubs. Express Sport reported in March that Arsenal hold a strong interest in signing Nunez in the summer. Boss Mikel Arteta has a striker high on his list of priorities after missing out on Dusan Vlahovic in January. According to 90min, Nunez favours a move to the Premier League and has taken inspiration from Colombian winger Diaz’s successful move to Liverpool. Manchester United have also apparently being paying ‘close attention’ to the Uruguayan, watching him on at least six occasions.   JUST IN: Chelsea provide Cesar Azpilicueta 'assurances' as Barcelona eye move Diaz’s success at Anfield has proved to Nunez that South Americans can star in England. A source told the publication: “The Premier League is where the most interest is coming from, and Nunez has a real desire to play in England, no doubt. “He has also seen just how well Luis Diaz has performed and settled into life, but also the clubs have seen that and they believe Nunez could be just as good if not better.” Diaz was a £50million signing for Liverpool in January, with the Reds beating Tottenham to acquire the 25-year-old from Porto. He has scored twice in 12 appearances for Jurgen Klopp’s side and offers the German a genuine alternative to Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane.   DON'T MISS...Luis Enrique ‘out of running’ to become Man Utd's next managerRoy Keane takes aim at Gareth Southgate for defending Harry MaguireChelsea were 'best-placed' to sign Tchouameni before sanctions hit Diaz’s form has proved to Nunez that he too could adapt quickly in the Premier League. It could fast-track a summer transfer for the former Almeria star. Both United and Arsenal have been linked with Nunez. However, Spurs, Aston Villa are also apparently keen. The Red Devils are keen to add to an ageing strikeforce with young talent. Nunez would complement the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani, whose own futures are not entirely clear.    Meanwhile, Arsenal boss Arteta is desperate for a striker after a frustrating transfer window. That pursuit becomes even more pressing in June, when Arsenal are likely to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah on free transfers. Nunez has a release clause of over £100m but a figure closer to £65m is believed to be enough to prise him away from Benfica.