The Government’s state pension forecast tool can help to inform Britons about their state pension, whether it be the amount they will get, or when they will get it. It can be used by people who have not yet begun receiving their state pension and accessed via the Gov.uk website. The forecast could give an estimate of how much state pension someone could get. Currently, the full new state pension is valued at £179.60 per week, or £9,339.20 for a year. This will increase from April 2022, taking the full new state pension to £185.15 per week. Britons should be aware the forecast does not take into account any potential future increases to the state pension when projecting the amount they will get. READ MORE: Benefits warnings: State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP Not everyone gets the full state pension, as this depends on their National Insurance record. Someone may need 35 years of qualifying years on their National Insurance record to get the full sum, and they will need 10 years to get any state pension at all. The forecast can tell an individual if they are able to increase the amount of state pension they are currently on course to get by improving their National Insurance record, and how to go about doing so. People can also find out when they will get their state pension through the online service. DON'T MISS‘It’s a corker’ Martin Lewis shares way people can pay 24% less on their energy bills [MARTIN LEWIS]Council Tax 2022 calculator: Check how much YOUR bills are ratcheting up from April [TAX]Premium Bonds winners announced - have you won NS&I's £1million draw in March 2022? [ALERT] The state pension age is currently 66, but this is set to rise to 67 no later than 2028, and again to 68 by 2046. To get a state pension forecast, an individual needs to sign in on the Government website using one of two methods. Britons can sign in with Government Gateway or GOV.UK Verify. Someone will have a user ID for the Government Gateway if they have signed up before. This may have been done to file a self assessment tax return online, for example. People will have a GOV.UK Verify account if they have already proven their identity in the past with either Digidentity or Post Office. Anyone who does not already have either of these accounts can create one. The Government site will help someone choose whether to use Government Gateway or GOV.UK Verify. There are alternative ways to get a forecast for people who do not want to use the online service. Those who will reach state pension age in more than 30 days can fill in a BR19 application form and send it by post. They can also call the Future Pension Centre who will post a forecast out to them.