This week on Antiques Road Trip Catherine Southon went up against Izzie Balmer as the pair battled out to complete their challenge with the highest profit. The two Bargain Hunt stars were hunting for treasure on the north coast of Cornwall when Catherine spotted a £30 pair of earrings that left both herself and Izzie stunned when they went to auction. In a teaser clip shared on Antiques Road Trip Twitter, Catherine’s earrings got off to a flying start. The caption read: “Straight in at £220! Catherine’s £30 earrings and Art Nouveau pendant really jump-started this Roadtrip. “What a profit for [Catherine]! Will [Izzie] be able to bridge the gap?” In the clip, the narrator explained: “It’s the final lot of the day.” Read more: Antiques Roadshow guest has unexpected reaction to valuation  “I just don’t think you can go wrong with this, I’m so excited for you,” Izzie commented. “Thank you,” Catherine replied as the auctioneer began the bidding at £220. Catherine exclaimed: “Yes! That’s brilliant. Yes! Oh, wonderful.” When the bidding reached £260, Catherine remarked: “£260? “I would be happy with £120. I would have been over the moon with £120.” The bidding rose even higher to £280 causing Izzie to exclaim: “Oh my goodness.” When the auctioneer brought the bidding to an end, Izzie gave Catherine a round of applause. “Oh thank you Izzie,” she said and the Bargain Hunt star replied: “That’s amazing.” DON'T MISS Antiques Roadshow expert unveils link to Titanic in tea set valuation [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow expert unveils value of RAF clock bought for £20 [VIDEO]Bargain Hunt expert Mark Stacey blames BREXIT for Russia war  [INTERVIEW] Catherine added the first day of the challenge on a high. Izzie’s funds took a tumble as she ended the day with £180 while Catherine was victorious with £408. “That was impressive,” Izzie commented and Catherine replied: “I’m going to have a little crown and all sorts.” On Tuesday’s episode, Catherine’s luck ran out as the Bargain Hunt star made a loss. Meanwhile, Izzy’s fortune improved and made a profit of £51.40. However, Catherine’s whopping first-day profit meant she remains way out in the lead with £390.67 compared to Izzie’s £231.70. The competition continues on Wednesday as the pair look for creatures on the north coast of Cornwall. Antiques Road Trip airs on BBC One on weekdays at 4.30pm.