Nasal congestion is the proper term for when your nose becomes stuffed up and inflamed. Normally, a stuffy nose is caused by a minor illness, such as the common cold or flu. Express.co.uk reveals five easy ways to speed up the healing time. Nasal congestion isn’t a cause for concern, it’s normally a result of a health problem, such as a sinus infection or it could just be caused by the common cold. Nasal congestion can also involve sinus pain, mucus buildup and swollen nasal tissue. While most blocked noses will clear up on their own when the illness passes, you can speed up the process with some handy home remedies. READ MORE- Ovarian cancer: The digestive signs to spot Your blood vessels are probably really swollen right now and this is causing your airways to be blocked, making it trickier to breathe. Over-the-counter decongestants can soothe your vessels and open the airways. Look for products that contain phenylephrine or pseudoephedrine (you might have heard of the brand name Sudafed). Decongestants are available as nasal sprays, drops, tablets, capsules, liquids, syrups and flavoured powders to dissolve in hot water. When your nose is stuffy, steam could be the answer. Steam thins out the mucus in your nose and can reduce inflammation. The easiest way to benefit from steam is to hop in a hot shower and breathe as normal. If you don't have time for a shower, you can get the same results from filling up a sink with hot water and breathing over it with a towel over your head. DON'T MISS...Hair loss: The vitamin 'intricately involved' in growth [INFORMER]Gum disease may cause high blood pressure warns study [INSIGHT]Rice water for hair growth: Does it work? Fact-checked [EXPLAINER] The old saying ‘starve a fever, feed a cold’ may have some merit. Consuming a hot broth, especially chicken soup, can help to loosen up mucus. This in turn will make your nose feel less blocked and speed up the healing process. Lots of tea and warm drinks could have the same effect. Peppermint’s main active ingredient is menthol, which is a natural decongestant. That’s why you’ll find peppermint and menthol on the ingredient list of a range of products for blocked noses. You can use peppermint chest rubs and cough drops too, or simply just drink some peppermint tea.