Todd (played by Gareth Pierce) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Coronation Street over the past few months but in Wednesday's instalment of the ITV soap, he was back on-screen. The troublemaker's surrogate daughter, Summer (Harriet Bibby) was running herself ragged with revising for her exams and she was finding it hard to do anything but have her head in a book. As the pressure continues to build and it seems the teenager is not going to slow up anytime soon, Todd could discover what is really keeping her going and it could result in death. Official soap spoilers have revealed the youngster will admit she has been meddling with her insulin injections as a consequence of her struggling to cope with stress and her type one diabetes. There could also be something else that is putting her life in danger which was hinted at when Summer bumped into Todd during a break from her revision. The youngster had just told her friends, Asha Alahan (Tanisha Gorey) and Nina Lucas (Mollie Gallagher), she had gone to get herself a drink from the café. Summer seemed quite energetic as she was ready to go home and revise some more after just taking seven minutes away from her desk. Just as she was about to step back inside the flat, Todd turned up and it was clear he was worried about his surrogate daughter. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith "Can I catch up with you another time?" the youngster asked Todd, who replied: "You're not burning yourself out, are you?" "No, this is just the face of a crammer," the teenager commented but she clearly wasn't doing enough to cover the stress she was under and the lack of rest she was enduring. "Are you getting some proper rest? Some time away from the books?" the undertaker asked the schoolgirl, wanting to provide some support. "Don't you start. I get enough of this from Billy," Summer explained, as she was eager to back to her room and study. "Why don't we go out somewhere. The cinema? I don't actually have to come with you," Todd recommended as he wanted her to get out of the house for a bit. "It's not that," Summer said, with Todd adding: "I just meant maybe I could pay for you to do something nice, something different. "I believe you kids call it self care," he continued before the youngster replied: "That's lovely but I just can't right now. "It's a great incentive though. When my exams are done I will spend all of your money and do all of those things and I might even let you come with me." The undertake smirked before leaving the teenager to it but before he left her, he said: "Summer, take care of yourself." Although he seemed to believe the story Summer was telling him, Todd could do some digging as he wants to understand how the youngster can have so much energy to stay awake and revise. DON'T MISS...Beverley Callard health: 'Absolute hell' - star on her botched hip op [COMMENT]From Weatherfield to Man About The House: Paula Wilcox's TV journey [ANALYSIS]Dame Maureen Lipman: Star turned to therapy to help with grief [COMMENT] Earlier in the episode, Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) had told his surrogate daughter he could see she was revising at three o'clock in the morning. Yet she was still up and ready to start again bright and early the same morning, leaving him to question how she is burning the candle at both ends. As Todd investigates, he could go stumble across Summer's bag and inside, it could contain the contents of some drugs. It could emerge the youngster has been in contact with a former associate of Jacob Hay's (Jack James Ryan) who has been dealing performance-enhancing drugs to her. Just need something to get her through the endless amounts of revision, the youngster might not realise the dangers they possess. When Todd goes to confront his surrogate daughter about her drug secret, he could find her unconscious on the floor. This could be a result of her messing with her insulin dosages and the drugs in her system. Knowing her life could be in serious danger, Todd would call an ambulance and explain he thinks she has been taking a specific type of drug he found in her bag. As the paramedics were able to know the drug, they could put in the right procedures to ensure they saved the young girl's life. However, Todd would also have to explain to Billy the youngster has been taking drugs and she will have a lot to answer for when she comes around The actor who plays Todd, Gareth, has spoken out about his character in the past and explained Summer will always be his Achilles heel. One of his redemptive qualities is the fact he cares for the young girl so much he does let his troublesome persona drop sometimes. Gareth said: "I think part of the reason he’s such a good manipulator is that there’s a mixture of very genuine emotions sometimes with the way that he’s also trying to manoeuvre things to get what he wants. "His love for his mum Eileen is absolutely genuine, his love for Billy, his love for Summer as you’ve already said, so he’s definitely redeemable for me," he told ITV's This Morning. But after exposing her secret, will Summer's relationship with Todd ever be the same again? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.