Chancellor Rishi Sunak has been urged to commit to reinstating the state pension triple lock from April 2023 at his Spring Statement announcement next week and offer targeted support to pensioners in the short term. The state pension had been set to rise by 8.1 percent in April under the traditional terms of the triple lock. The triple lock policy ensures the state pension increases each year by the highest of three figures. These are: READ MORE: ‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 The 8.1 percent rise which pensioners were expecting was in line with the average earnings growth figure. However, the Government decided to temporarily suspend the triple lock for the 2022/23 tax year by removing the earnings link. This was done because the Government believed the number of people returning to work from the furlough scheme was artificially inflating the earnings growth figure, and therefore implementing such a large increase to the state pension would be unfair to taxpayers. Instead, the rate of inflation will be used to raise the state pension from April 2022. DON'T MISSPayment warning: Shoppers may have their credit and debit cards declined from Monday [WARNING]Sunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [ALERT]TV Licence: Britons could be eligible for £159 refund from bill [INSIGHT] Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, explained the impact of the triple lock suspension. He said: “After the Government temporarily removed the earnings component of the state pension triple lock, state pensioners are due to receive an increase of 3.1 percent in April, based on the rate of inflation last September. “This is far below the current rate of inflation. “Setting the inflation component in September when the state pension is not increased until April has meant the pension uprating hasn’t allowed for significant rises since September. “While these should be reflected in the April 2023 increase, many state pensioners will be left struggling.” Since the state pension increase was locked in as of September 2021, inflation has soared to a 30-year high of 5.5 percent. This has left many pensioners struggling to cope with the cost of living. Mr Cameron urged Mr Sunak to state his firm intentions for the triple lock at his Spring Budget announcement and to offer help to pensioners who are struggling. He said: “We’ll be on the lookout for any temporary targeted support the Chancellor may grant. “We’d welcome the Chancellor committing to a reinstatement of the earnings component in the triple lock from next April.”  Express.co.uk readers had their say on the issue, with one user, ‘cannon’, saying there can be “no defence” for suspending the triple lock. ‘Claremont77’ added that Mr Sunak will be known as “the Chancellor who stole the triple lock from pensioners”, who they described as “the poorest group of people in the UK and the most affected by Covid”. Another user, ‘Lee56’, stated pensioners are “the forgotten people”. A Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: "The one-year move to temporarily suspend the triple lock ensures fairness for both pensioners and taxpayers, and follows action we took last year to protect pensioner incomes. “We know this has been a challenging time for many people, which is why we’re providing support worth around £12billion this financial year and next to help households across the country with the cost of living. A further £9billion was recently announced by the Chancellor to protect against the impact of rising global energy prices.”