Liverpool ace Mohamed Salah is not thinking about the possibility of joining Real Madrid or Barcelona in the event he decides to leave Anfield in the not-too-distant future, according to reports. The Egyptian forward has been linked with a move elsewhere over the last few weeks after it emerged that he was not prepared to accept the latest contract terms that were recently offered to him on Merseyside. Salah has firmly established himself as one of Liverpool's most important assets over the last few years and can arguably be counted among the world's very best players after a hugely productive season on all fronts to date. The 29-year-old has led the charge for the Reds with 28 goals in all competitions and his form has been pivotal to keeping them in the hunt for this season's Premier League title alongside Manchester City.However, his future at Liverpool remains shrouded in uncertainty after discussions over a new and improved contract ground to a halt back in December. The club's hierarchy have been locked in talks with Salah and his representatives for some time but are yet to budge on the offer that was deemed unsatisfactory by the player's camp at the end of last year.Liverpool are thought to be desperate to keep Salah around for the foreseeable future but are not willing to rip up their current wage structure in order to facilitate his demands. He is already one of the club's highest earners alongside the likes of Virgil van Dijk and Thiago Alcantara but is said to be holding out for a significant increase to his present salary. JUST IN: Man Utd and Tottenham dealt huge blow as Kessie 'signs' for new club A number of potential suitors have been linked with a move for Salah over the last few months, with the likes of Real Madrid and Barcelona having been mentioned in connection with the forward's signature for some time. Salah, who has previously refused to rule out a future move to La Liga, is said to be particularly liked by Barcelona and has reportedly been identified as their back-up target should they fail to sign Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund in the summer.It seems as though the Catalan giants could struggle to convince Salah to make the switch just yet, though, with the player still undecided over where his long-term future lies. He is not currently planning on a move to Spain and is prepared to take his time in weighing up his options before the expiry of his contract in the summer of 2023, according to Fabrizio Romano. It is said that Salah is not looking to leave Liverpool as a matter of urgency and remains entirely focused on returning the club to the summit of the Premier League table over the next few months. There is still a possibility that he could depart on a free transfer when his current deal runs out, but it seems likely that Liverpool's hierarchy will be desperate to avoid such a scenario given the funds they could raise by cashing in on their prized asset.Meanwhile, it has been reported by The Guardian that Salah would be happy to join another Premier League club if he decides to seek a new challenge in the near future. However, he is still believed to be satisfied with life on Merseyside and recently told GQ that he is "not asking for crazy stuff" in exchange for his services on a long-term basis. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 