The animal welfare charity received 188 reports of ear cropping in dogs in England and Wales last year, an 86 percent increase from 2020. Overall, the RSPCA has recorded a 1,243 percent jump between 2015 and 2021. Ear cropping is already illegal in the UK, but the charity is calling for a ban on the import of dogs who have undergone the painful procedure which sees their outer ears surgically altered or removed altogether. RSPCA dog welfare expert Dr Samantha Gaines said: “Ear cropping has been illegal in the UK for a long time, and for good reason. "It’s a barbaric, painful procedure that is carried out purely to achieve a desired look and to make a dog appear tougher. “However, removing a dog’s ears can have serious, lifelong implications for that dog. "Dogs who have come into our care having had their ears brutally cut off - usually without anaesthetic or pain relief - are often nervous around people and sudden movements, may struggle to socialise with other dogs and humans, and can be head-shy." "The number of reports being made to us show an alarming increase compared to just a few years ago and we need to stamp out this animal cruelty as soon as possible. "Dogs need their ears, and we need legislation that better protects dog welfare.” The RSPCA fears the increase in reports of dogs with cropped ears is being fuelled by celebrities and social media. The charity believes more animals are being sent abroad to be mutilated in countries where it is still legal, or purchased from overseas having already had their ears cropped. READ MORE: Tiny puppy who couldn't use back legs dumped in rucksack in woods American bully Dora and her eight siblings were 15-weeks-old and had all had their ears cropped when they were rescued by the RSPCA in January 2021. They were taken to the charity's Ashley Heath Animal Centre in Dorset, where kennel supervisor Jess Norris fell in love with Dora and adopted her. Ms Norris said: “Dora is such a loving and affectionate girl. DON'T MISSRSPCA must prosecute Zouma for cat cruelty, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Heartbreak as 'smashing' dog still not adopted after 500 days [PICTURES]Dog stuck underground for nearly three DAYS is freed [INSIGHT] “She’s such a friendly, sweet-natured dog; however many people don’t see that because they can’t see past her ears. “As soon as people have the opportunity to meet Dora properly, she quickly steals their hearts with her soft and gentle nature. "Sadly, because of the cropping, she is stereotyped.” The Government has pledged to ban the import of dogs with cropped ears. A Defra spokesperson said: “The practice of mutilating dogs’ ears is abhorrent and has rightly been banned in the UK for 15 years. "Last year we introduced new legislation, meaning anyone convicted of such an offence faces being sent to prison for up to 5 years, or receiving an unlimited fine. “But we are committed to go further, bringing in powers with the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill to prohibit the importation of dogs that have been subject to low welfare practices such as ear cropping or tail docking.” 