Gary Lineker and Rio Ferdinand appear to be in total agreement over Jude Bellingham's role for England. The teenage midfielder was awarded man of the match for his performance in the friendly against Ivory Coast on Tuesday night. The future is bright for Borussia Dortmund star Bellingham in a Three Lions shirt, according to ex-internationals Lineker and Ferdinand. Bellingham was handed his 12th senior cap by Gareth Southgate against Ivory Coast, and duly delivered with an impressive performance in a more advanced role than usual. The former Birmingham youngster almost scored his first goal for England after some fine link up play with Ollie Watkins, but saw his effort deflected on to the post. But there was plenty to smile about for Bellingham, who put in a performance well beyond his years in the no. 10 role. And now it seems that former England stars Lineker and Ferdinand are in total agreement about Bellingham's role for the World Cup in Qatar later this year. Southgate is blessed with a number of fine midfield talents, and competition will be extremely fierce to start in November. After seeing Bellingham's latest performance, Lineker tweeted: "What a player @BellinghamJude is going to be. Correction: what a player he already is." Before later adding on the topic of starting at the World Cup: "If you’re good enough, you’re old enough. He is." Meanwhile, Ferdinand also had him in his team for Qatar, stating on his YouTube channel: “My midfield, Declan, Jude and Foden dropping in as a No10 and coming back into midfield. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentPochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughMbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt “I’m gonna go three at the back as I think that’s our best chance. [Harry] Maguire on the left, Kyle Walker central and Reece James on the right. Trent [Alexander-Arnold] at right wing-back and [Luke] Shaw left wing-back. “I’m gonna go Declan [Rice] and [Jude] Bellingham. Foden in the hole and then two strikers [Raheem] Sterling and [Harry] Kane.” Southgate strongly hinted earlier this week that Bellingham may need to return to England in the not too distant future to continue his exceptional development. He said: "The league is definitely a brilliant league for young players and coaches to develop but of course the standard of the Premier League is undoubtedly higher, I think we see that in the European competitions. “Our top teams are going to be right at the end of the Champions League every year, the financial power of our league is blowing everyone else out of the water so our big teams are going to be the main players in those competitions as they have been in the last years really. “We’ve talked to him about his game this week. There are things, understandably for any player, for him to work on and for him some specifics we are looking for from him. But he is very coachable, wants to learn and is highly motivated."