The former Brexit minister and negotiator has called on the Tories to pledge to scrap the Northern Ireland Protocol if the EU did not grant concessions in talks with the UK. For months London and Brussels have been locked in negotiations over the impact of the international treaty. Lord Frost warned in a speech last night: "If the protocol isn’t redone then the poison between us will remain." Bureaucratic checks imposed by the EU on goods crossing the Irish Sea from Britain to Northern Ireland have had a severe impact on trade within the UK. The EU has insisted the Protocol cannot be renegotiated but has said it is willing to look at easing some of the burdensome customs checks. Negotiations all but ground to a halt last month after Russia's invasion of Ukraine took priority. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG Speaking in Switzerland last night, Lord Frost said that following the war there was a "need to recognise that the EU is a natural ally of the United Kingdom, and that we should seek – as sovereign equals – ways to cooperate and work together more". However, he warned it would be impossible to "move on" from Brexit while the Protocol remains in place in its current form. In 2024 the Northern Ireland Assembly will hold a "consent vote" on the Protocol, with the mechanism legally required to be suspended if it does not have the support of representatives in the province. Lord Frost highlighted this meant that there was always a chance the Protocol would need to be scrapped. Delivering the Churchill Lecture at the University of Zurich, the former minister said: "The EU needs to recognise that the Protocol was always temporary and contingent, and that it depends on a vote in the Northern Ireland Assembly in just over two years. "It isn't something that can be insisted upon as a permanent part of the scene. DON'T MISS:Brexit backlash over EU plot to 'carve up' UK - Boris issued warning [REACTION]When could Article 16 be triggered? [INSIGHT]We have perfect opportunity to deal with dithering EU [COMMENT] "It is experimental and evolutionary in character. "It is not realistic to assume that the legal customs boundary can be in the Irish Sea forever, even if we can agree, as we are ready to, that for practical reasons some goods can conveniently be policed there." The UK Government has long argued Brussels has been "purist" in its implementation of customs checks. It has been accused of being deliberately tough in enforcing its measures to punish the UK for leaving in the EU. Brexiteers claim checks conducted between the UK and Northern Ireland make up 20 percent of all checks undertaken by EU across the whole bloc. "We never wanted this appalling bitterness and it is frustrating to Brexiteers that we have somehow attracted much of the blame for it," Lord Frost added. "If the integrity of our national democracy requires a bit more paperwork at the borders, then I am ready to pay that price. "In the medium-term, the value of being in a successful democracy far outweighs it."