Nick Kyrgios will face Casper Ruud for the first time since he was disqualified for an outburst in their 2019 Italian Open match when the two face off at Indian Wells. The Australian has been feuding with the world No 8 since but is now feeling the "best [he's] ever felt" mentally. The last time they played, Kyrgios slammed his racket, kicked a water bottle and hurled a chair onto the court as he walked off. Kyrgios is playing just his second tournament in six months after ending his season with a knee injury in September. The world No 132 lost early to the highest seed Daniil Medvedev at the Australian Open to start his season but went on to win the doubles title alongside Thanasi Kokkinakis, marking a first Grand Slam title for either Australian man. He is now into the third round in Indian Wells, having dropped just eight games in his first two matches against Sebastian Baez and Federico Delbonis, and will now face eighth seed Ruud, who he has a long-standing rivalry with despite only playing one match in the past. Their one prior meeting came at the Rome Masters 1000 back in May 2019, where Kyrgios was able to come from a set down to force a decider and quickly went a break up before the Norwegian player broke back to make it 1-1 and Kyrgios received a game penalty for allegedly swearing at a line judge. JUST IN: Medvedev fires warning to Djokovic and Nadal after adjusting to No 1  It prompted an outburst from the often-controversial Aussie, who smashed his racket on the court and kicked a water bottle before picking up a chair from his players' bench and throwing it on the court. The six-time title winner walked off the court at 1-2 down in the final set, quitting the match and telling the crowd "I'm done" at the same time as he was defaulted, allowing Ruud to advance to the third round. The pair have traded words on social media since, and a few months after the incident, Ruud defended his decision to celebrate his victory over Kyrgios despite getting it via disqualification. "He can say as much as he wants about me getting disqualified but it still says 1-0 to me. I don’t know, he was totally crazy when I played him. It was nice to win. If I celebrated after the match or not? I don’t care. I was happy I got 90 points and $50,000 in prize money so why wouldn’t I celebrate? It’s his problem that he’s an idiot on court," he told in Tennisportalen October 2019.  The former world No 13 responded by calling Ruud "boring" as he wrote: "Hey @CasperRuud98 next time you have something to say, I would appreciate you say it to my face, I’m sure you wouldn’t run your mouth so much after that. Until then I will continue to rather watch paint dry then watch you play tennis, boring af. "But again, I also understand why you have to keep my name in your mouth because people don't even realise that you play tennis" Kyrgios has previously taken swipes at the world No 8 on social media for having a lot of his success and ranking points come from clay tournaments, and Ruud took the opportunity to hit back at the 26-year-old last year when the ATP tweeted asking fans to send in questions for Kyrgios last July. "What’s his favourite clay-court tournament?" the seven-time title winner wrote. DON'T MISSOsaka reduced to tears by Indian Wells heckler in Kudermetova lossNadal likens 'worst match' Indian Wells comeback to Australian OpenNadal takes French Open precaution by skipping Miami amid injury fears  The recent Aussie Open men's doubles champion quickly responded with: "Your mum" before deleting his tweet and adding some words of praise for Ruud while doubling down on his comments that the 23-year-old's ranking came from clay events. "Hahahaha this is classic. @CasperRuud98 you are a good player. But we all know you stealing points through those tournaments haha," he said in his new reply. It remains to be seen whether the feud will continue in Indian Wells but Kyrgios sounds like a new man after admitting he was in the "best" place and seemed unlikely to want to cause more controversy. “Mentally I feel the best I’ve ever felt to be honest,” the current world No 132 said after his first-round win in the desert. “I’m not thinking forward, I take it day by day, that’s my process, I wake up and try to be positive and try to be better every day. But as for goals, for me it’s hard sometimes to just wake up in a positive mindset. That’s a win for me." 