Barcelona are growing increasingly confident that they will win the race to sign Borussia Dortmund striker Erling Haaland in the summer transfer window. The La Liga giants' stance can only be good news for Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur as they plan to bolster their own attacking regiments later this year. Haaland will be available for £64million this summer once a release clause in his Dortmund contract activates. And there is unsurprisingly heavyweight interest in the 21-year-old superstar from across Europe, including from the Premier League. On Wednesday, numerous Spanish outlets claimed that belief is growing in Barcelona that they will be able to fight for his signature. However, there is an understanding that Haaland's transfer fee and contract could total over £200million amid the club's publicised financial issues. JUST IN: Arsenal planning six signings as part of Champions League masterplan Wednesday's main sport headline in Diario Sport reads, 'It's possible!' next to an image of Haaland celebrating a goal. Their report claims Barcelona have grabbed the ruthless goalscorer's attention with their 'sporting project' under Xavi. And they are in agreement over the Norway international's total cost with Mundo Deportivo, who claim his Camp Nou arrival would demand as much as £208m (€250m). That fee includes the £64m sent to Dortmund for his services and several years' worth of salary. READ MORE: Mourinho unimpressed with Maitland-Niles and targets Man Utd star So despite Barcelona's debts of over £1bn, it would appear that the club is ready to go all in to capture Haaland ahead of the 2022/23 season. And such a priority could strongly work in Arsenal and Tottenham's favour when considering the Premier League duo's transfer plans. The Gunners have identified Real Sociedad striker Alexander Isak as a potential target, following Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's exit for Barcelona in January. But the Blaugrana had been monitoring Isak as an alternative to Haaland, and if they only have eyes for the Dortmund ace, Arsenal could have a free run at him. Meanwhile, Barcelona dealt Tottenham a severe blow in the winter transfer window by ending Antonio Conte's hopes of signing Adama Traore by sanctioning his Camp Nou return. But club president Joan Laporta has admitted it would be difficult to make the Spaniard's loan permanent in the summer due to their financial frailties. And Haaland's blockbuster arrival would likely plummet the deal into further doubt, allowing Spurs to return for Adama's signature. It's bound to be an intriguing battle to sign Haaland at the end of the season, with the Norwegian sensation keeping his options open. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.