The Irish actor, 45, is famous for playing Tommy Shelby, the leader of infamous criminal gang, the ‘Peaky Blinders’, in the hit BBC drama. Set in Birmingham, the period crime epic has enthralled viewers since it first aired almost nine years ago. The final season of ‘Peaky Blinders’ continues tonight, with a new episode released every Sunday. Episode two, ‘Black Shirt’, catches up with Tommy in North America, where the end of Prohibition brings new opportunities. The star raged over the UK’s withdrawal from the EU and the situation involving his native Ireland during a throwback interview. The Cork-born star told The Guardian in 2019 that Ireland could not be “held to ransom” over Brexit. He said: “The Good Friday agreement was predicated on there not being a border and to think that you can hold Ireland to ransom, you can’t…” The actor, who was living in Dublin at the time, then paused before clarifying his comments about the peace deal, which marked an end to the Troubles and aimed to demilitarise the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland. He said: “Listen, if you and I are in a club and there are 28 members of the club and I decided to leave, why would I get preferential treatment? Doesn’t make any sense.” This was a legal guarantee to avoid a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland and avoid new inspections on goods after Brexit. The backstop led to Mrs May’s deal being rejected three times by MPs in the House of Commons. Since Brexit took effect, the Northern Ireland Protocol has been introduced to resolve the border issue and govern how Northern Ireland can trade with the EU and the rest of the UK. Under the Protocol, which London is currently seeking to renegotiate with Brussels, there is no hard border between Northern Ireland the Republic, However, there are now strict checks on goods from Britain entering Northern Ireland, which still follows the EU’s single market and customs union rules. In Cillian’s opinion, Brexit was full of problems to begin with. He said: “It was a binary choice. There’s no nuance, you can’t put any of that into a referendum. “You can say, ‘yes, we’ll leave the EU’, but no one knew how.” ‘Peaky Blinders’ airs on BBC One tonight from 9pm-10pm.