Watch the video from the British Red Cross above to find out what life is like in the UK, as well as some of our key laws and societal norms. Or visit the UK Government website where you can download a full guide to the UK aimed at refugees. Alternatively, we've compiled a few key facts about life in the UK that might interest you. Around 66 million people live in the UK. The UK is made up of four nations: England, Northern Ireland, Wales and Scotland. Approximately 55 million people live in England, while around 5.4 million people live in Scotland, 3 million in Wales and 1.9 million in Northern Ireland. The main language in the UK is English and we use British spelling, which is slightly different to American English. The currency in the UK is the Pound Sterling (£). There are 100p (p stands for pennies or pence) to every £1. The UK has a Royal Family and Queen Elizabeth II has been the head of that family since 1952 when she took over the trhone. She is the longest-reigning monarch in the history of the UK, and this year will celebrate her Platinum Jubilee. She has four children: Princess Anne is the oldest, followed by Prince Charles, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward. Prince Charles is next in line to the throne. He has two children: Prince William is the oldest and he is married to Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge. they have three children: Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Prince Charles' youngest son is Prince Harry, who left the UK with his wife Meghan Markle, and now lives in California with their children Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana. The Queen is our Head of State, but the Government has the power to change the laws and make new ones. The Prime Minister is head of the Government. At the moment, our Prime Minister is Boris Johnson. The UK is multi-cultural and multi-faith. The largest religion in the UK is Christianity, with 33.2 million people (59% of the population) declaring this as their religion. As Christianity is the official religion of the UK, festivals such as Christmas and Easter are widely celebrated. The second-largest religion is Islam, with 2.7 million people (5% of the population) and around a quarter of the UK population practise no religion. The UK prides itself in being a tolerant society where cultural and religious differences are celebrated. This mean you must respect other people’s views and beliefs and abide by UK law. The legal system is separate from the Government and the law is enforced by the police. If you are the victim of a crime or see one taking place, you should contact the police immediately. You can do this by calling 999 in an emergncy. The National Health Service (NHS) is a publicly funded body that provides healthcare for free in the UK. If you find yourself needing care, you can use the NHS website here to search for the appropriate service. Simply use the postcode of the area you are staying to find services close to you. If you need medical treatment urgently, you can call for an ambulance on 999.