Watching the harrowing scenes of hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian refugees rushing for the border to escape the onslaught from Russian tanks, it’s all too easy to see the war in its immediate battlefield context, blind to its even wider consequences. Energy costs, for example, are already on an upward trend. Brent Crude is currently hovering around $115 per barrel – the highest point since the crisis began. Meanwhile, in Europe, gas prices are also skyrocketing. Analysts expect shortages to last until at least next year. These higher prices will mean higher rates of inflation than those already forecast. Experts have warned that households here in the UK and Europe will see the biggest fall in living standards since the 1950s. For ordinary Russians, the economic fallout from the war is even direr. Retaliatory Western sanctions have seen a collapse in the value of the rouble as investor confidence slumps. One week into the war, the currency shows few signs of recovery. Desperate scenes of ordinary Russians trying to withdraw their savings remain commonplace. With inflation rising, Russia’s central bank has ramped up interest rates in a bid to prevent a bank run. One Russian investment analyst has just taken to live TV to publicly toast the death of the Russian stock market. In fact, history shows us that it’s often the economic devastation, particularly a collapse in investor confidence and spiralling inflation, that have the most significant consequences, not bombs and bullets. We can look to examples such as the Weimar Republic and more recently Venezuela where a collapse in investor confidence and hyperinflation were vital economic ingredients leading to their collapse. But this economic reality isn’t isolated to the twentieth and twenty-first centuries – we can look to countless other examples, most notably Ancient Rome. Common thinking has it that the Vandals toppled the Western Roman Empire. But, as I set out in my book, Pugnare: Economic Success and Failure, Rome’s fate had already been set long before. Its overthrow was rather the inevitable consequence of self-inflicted financial and economic ruin. Ancient Rome was ground-breaking in many ways, including in the field of financial innovation. It established the world’s first fiat currency: a currency the value of which is set by government decree and not determined by an underlying asset like gold. Not only was the creation of such a currency revolutionary, but the ability to maintain its stability was as well. Price stability was the defining feature of the Roman currency. But this was severely and irreparably damaged by Emperor Septimius Severus (193 to 211AD). There are striking similarities between Severus’s leadership and that of Putin’s. Both were ill versed in the subtleties of power and the importance of effective government. Both were deaf to external advice. Just as Putin has reduced Russia’s State Duma to a puppet parliament, Severus sidelined the role of the Roman Senate. But perhaps the most significant shortcomings in their respective leaderships were their failure to understand that power doesn’t just manifest itself in the form of troops and armour, but in other ways too, such as financial power and the consent of the people. Both fundamentally failed to understand the importance of money. The billions Putin has stored in Russia’s federal reserves are worthless if he cannot access them. Similarly, Septimius didn’t understand the untold wealth and importance that Rome’s currency system brought to the empire. Under Septimius’ leadership the stable currency the Romans depended on for trade and to fuel their growth was destroyed. Over the following weeks, we will see the rouble thrashed in much the same way. Roman citizens lost faith in the same way that the people we see in the queues outside Moscow’s banks have lost faith. And it was this loss of faith in the financial system that was the end both for the Romans and for Severus. Similarly, the scenes we are watching in Russia for our modern-day Septimius Severus spell the end for Putin. A man out of his depth. The Romans eventually abandoned their currency and took to bartering for their goods. Throughout the empire, trade collapsed and political chaos ensued. Poor old Septimius ultimately met his end in York while on campaign in a province that had been peaceful for generations. It was his mismanagement that led to unrest across the empire. Putin’s personal fate remains uncertain, but the bleak outlook for Russia’s economy and the devastation it means for the people of Russia is in little doubt.