Grease stains can leave clothing and household furnishings looking worse for wear, but what can you use to remove them? Baking soda has many uses around the house, and is best-loved for its grease-cutting properties on both grubby pans and dirty surfaces, but how well does it work on different fabrics? These are the three grease-fighting hacks you should know. Baking soda is a staple product in most kitchen pantries and is one of the most effective natural cleaning agents to use around the home. This simple white powder can be sprinkled over carpets to remove odours, or mixed into a thick paste to scrub stubborn dirt from a range of surfaces, but it doesn’t end there. The mineral structure of each baking soda particle is what makes this product so effective at dissolving organic compounds - the perfect remedy for grease-stained fabrics. Whether your grease stains are fresh or set, a baking soda solution is the easiest way to correct them. READ MORE:Amanda Owen: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm star’s home Grease stains are notoriously hard to remove because of their waxy, insoluble consistency. Known as lipids, grease stains will cling to fabric fibres and resist many commercial cleaning agents. The chemical compounds in baking soda are one of the most effective ingredients to use on stubborn stains because lipids are soluble with solvents, de-greasers and acids. Fresh stains are best solved with a sprinkle of baking soda, but what else should you do to lift surface grease? Once the greasy substance has come into contact with fabric, respond immediately with a generous sprinkling of pure baking soda. Allow the liquid stain to be absorbed by the powder for around 10 minutes. Scrape away the excess soda and grease with a blunt knife and repeat the sprinkling process. Lightly scrub the stain with a damp cloth until the baking soda turns brown. Scrape once more and repeat the process until the baking soda stops turning brown. Wash the item as normal to reveal your stain-free fabric. DON'T MISS:How to stop mould building up in your washing machine drawer [HOW TO]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share baking soda tip for getting odour out of carpets [REVEAL] How to remove grease stains from leatherLeather sofas, cushion covers or even dining chairs can bear the brunt of greasy stains, but how can you remove them?Dissolving stains from leather surfaces is very simple and requires just two tools.Apply some baking soda to a damp cloth and dab on the affected area.Leave it to work for a few hours before dusting off with a clean cloth.The baking soda should absorb the oil and leave your leather furnishings looking as good as new.  Working on older grease stains will be easier if you keep the fabric dry while spot treating the surface Water will saturate the fabric around the stain, leaving little room for you to work away the greasy liquid. Start by applying a few drops of dish soap and leave it to soak for five minutes. Add baking soda and scrub with a dry soft-bristled brush and leave for another five minutes. Rinse the entire area with warm water and wash any removable fabrics or clothing items. Air-dry the fabric to make sure the stain is fully dissolved. Leather sofas, cushion covers or even dining chairs can bear the brunt of greasy stains, but how can you remove them? Dissolving stains from leather surfaces is very simple and requires just two tools. Apply some baking soda to a damp cloth and dab on the affected area. Leave it to work for a few hours before dusting off with a clean cloth. The baking soda should absorb the oil and leave your leather furnishings looking as good as new.