The Fire 7 tablet, which usually is priced at £49.99, is now available for just £29.99. You struggle to find a tablet cheaper than that and it certainly makes Apple's £319 iPad seem pretty pricey. As the name suggests, the Fire 7 tablet comes with a seven-inch screen and will offer access to a huge range of apps such as Netflix, BBC iPlayer and Disney+. The model that's available right now for £29.99 is the ad-supported Fire 7 tablet which comes with 16GB of internal storage. However, you can easily expand the space available to you via a microSD slot fitted with the tablet. The Fire tablet will also offer easy access to Prime Video, the Kindle library of eBooks and the Alexa voice assistant. If you love a good bargain then the good news is the Fire 7 isn't the only Amazon product on sale. The online retail giant is running money-saving deals on other popular products from its Echo and Kindle range.  Both the third-gen Echo Dot and fourth-gen Echo Dot have received a price cut, with these devices reduced to £29.99 and £34.99 from £39.99 and £49.99. The 4th gen Echo has also received a big price cut, with the Alexa smart speaker reduced from £89.99 to £69.99. Besides the Echo speakers, multiple Kindle eReaders have also received a price cut in the latest Amazon sale. The entry-level Kindle - which is now better than ever thanks to the included front light - usually costs £69.99. But right now you can get this Kindle model for £49.99, a £20 saving on its usual price. Other Kindle models which also have received a price cut in the latest Amazon sale include the Kindle Paperwhite (reduced to £99.99 from £129.99) and the Kindle Oasis (reduced to £179.99 from £229.99).  These discounts won't last forever, with the Kindle and Fire tablet savings set to end next week. So if you want to take advantage of these deals before it disappears then you need to act quick. If you're planning on picking up one of these money-saving deals then there are a few other offers Amazon is running which may interest you. The online retail giant is currently offering free access to its Amazon Music Unlimited and Kindle Unlimited services. Right now you can get three months worth of access to Amazon Music Unlimited entirely for free, or two months worth of access to Kindle Unlimited without paying a single penny. Either of these freebies could be the ideal companion for you, depending on whether you're picking an Echo, Echo Dot, Fire tablet or Kindle eReader in the latest Amazon sale. 