Recent reports suggest that the war in Ukraine has taken a dangerous new turn, as Russian forces employed hypersonic missiles in their now month-long incursion. The dangerous tools were applied over the weekend, Moscow claimed, in missions to destroy a fuel depot and underground missile and ammunition storage site to the west of Mykolaiv. Although independently unverified, the claims show how far Vladimir Putin is prepared to escalate the ongoing invasion as he meets unanticipated resistance. On Sunday, March 20, Russian state news agency RIA Novosti announced the military had tactically deployed Kinzhal (Dagger) missiles on the two sites. The announcement, if true, marks the advanced weapons' first-ever use in active conflict and open up an entirely new dimension for the war in Ukraine, which, until now, has left Russian troops seemingly unequipped in comparison to their rival combatants. Hypersonic missiles, as the name suggests, are guided weapons that can travel beyond the speed of sound. READ MORE: Brexit POLL: Was a vote for Brexit a vote for freedom? Launched from MiG fighter jets, they can reach speeds of up to Mach 5 (3,800mph) en route to their targets. Russia claims its Kinzhal models can more than double this, reaching Mach 10 (7,600mph) over 1,250 miles. They can also outmanoeuvre missile defence systems with in-flight guidance. No nation has the technology to intercept a hypersonic missile before it meets its target. Western analysts aren't certain the claims promoted by Russian state media hold much water, however. In the US, intelligence officials from the Pentagon have questioned whether the country is trying to extend "hype" around its arsenal. Speaking to NBC News on Monday, one official said the weekend claim was a "bit of a head-scratcher". They added that, if they were true, Russia would not need to fire a hypersonic missile "from not that far away", given its thousand-mile reach. Mark Cancian, an analyst at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies, added they would have been an unnecessary addition to the assault. Hypersonic missiles exist to bypass defence systems, and Ukraine doesn't have any. President Volodymyr Zelensky has pleaded with Western allies to help set up defences at home as Russia closes in on Ukraine. He recently pressed the Israeli parliament to send over its Iron Dome system, one of the world's most advanced, but without success.