Each year, the Tripadvisor Travellers’ Choice Awards name the best beaches in the world. The company analyses reviews to find holidaymakers’ favourite destinations Praia da Falésia in the Portuguese Algarve was ranked among the 25 best beaches in the world for 2022. The gorgeous beach is close to popular resorts in Portugal’s Algarve region and backed by red cliffs. Following the path to the beach, visitors are rewarded with stunning white sands and clear seas. A family favourite, the Algarve also has many incredible restaurants with delicious fish menus. READ MORE: Flying tip for elderly passengers - ‘stress free’ experience British travellers can travel to Faro airport from many major UK airports with flights offered by budget airlines. One Tripadvisor reviewer for Praia da Falésia said: “Nice beach, great for long walks or just chilling. “Lots of access points and a few places to catch a drink and a sunset!” Another review from the UK said: “We have travelled from the UK to find beaches like this and here a short flight to Portugal we have the most beautiful, clean beach we have seen in years. “It has been awarded Blue Flag recognition for its clean clear water, pollution free with soft golden sands. “People were enjoying surfing and locals were fishing off the beach for bass. A short walk to lovely restaurants.” Another said: “Wow, it’s a really amazing beach, I love the scenes and nature. This mind blowing feeling is breathtaking.” A UK visitor said: “Beautiful, clean sandy beach with red cliffs that seems to go on forever. “Beach is so wide at low tide and the views are simply stunning. There are walls along the cliffs, we never quite made it to the far end of the beach. “The area is quiet despite being popular with runners, walkers, sunbathers, fishermen and a few swimmers.” Portugal’s Algarve is also a fantastic destination for golf fans, as the region has some world-renowned courses. Also popular with British expats, the Algarve normally has fantastic weather during the summer months. British tourists visiting Portugal will need to show proof of being fully vaccinated to enter without a test. Britons will need to have a booster jab if their second vaccination was more than 270 days ago. Unvaccinated British tourists can travel to Portugal but will need proof of a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours or a lateral flow test taken within 24 hours. The test must be carried out by a healthcare professional to be accepted for entry to Portugal. British tourists are advised to check the latest FCO advice before travel as restrictions can change rapidly. Portugal is expected to be a popular holiday destination with many British tourists choosing the Algarve for a summer break.