State pension payments usually hinge on National Insurance contributions. For the new state pension, some 10 qualifying years are needed to get any sum at all. While a total of 35 years are likely required if a person hopes to unlock the full sum. However, there are circumstances where a person’s state pension may be less than they originally expected. The state pension starting amount could include a “deduction”, the Government has warned. This will occur if a person was in certain: READ MORE: 'Can't afford it!' Brits slam 'outrageous' 95p first class stamp If this is the case, Britons may have paid lower National Insurance contributions, paying into one of these pensions instead. This is a process which is known as being “contracted out” of the Additional state pension sum. It is likely to affect most people who have been in work during this time. Contracting out, however, no longer occurs so Britons working now do not have to worry about it going forward. DON'T MISSPremium Bonds: Why ‘newer Bonds seem to win more frequently' [INSIGHT]‘Better returns!’ Britons told NOT to pay off mortgage [EXCLUSIVE]Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [UPDATE] The rules changed on April 6, 2016, meaning those who were contracted out will no longer be, and they will also pay the standard amount of National Insurance. If a person was contracted out, it could affect the state pension sum they ultimately receive. Consequently, it will be important to check to avoid any unwelcome surprises. The Government recommends people look at their old payslips to determine their status. Its website explains: “You were contracted out if the National Insurance contributions line has the letter D or N next to it. “You were not contracted out if it has a letter A.” If there is a different letter, then individuals can check with their employer or pension provider. Similarly, if payslips are not to hand, then individuals can contact their pension provider directly. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Individuals are more likely to have been contracted out if they worked in the public sector. For example, sectors can include: The full new state pension is currently worth £179.60 per week, although it is due to rise next month. From that point onwards, the full sum is expected to be £185.15 per week.