White phosphorus bombs are not considered a chemical weapon under the Chemical Weapons Convention, with their prime aim being to create thick smoke to hide military targets from attack. However, the chemicals involved burn fiercely and can lead to skin and lung injuries. International law prohibits the use of white phosphorus shells in heavily populated civilian areas.  Markiyan Lubkivsky, from the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence, warned Putin was replicating Russian tactics from Syria and spoke of “more terrible attacks” on Ukraine. The official said: “The plan of Putin is to make from Ukrainian cities numerous Aleppos. “The situation is quite critical.” He said attacks on Lutsk, a city in western Ukraine, had involved the use of phosphorus bombs.  Mr Lubkivsky said: “One more terrible night, more terrible attacks on Ukraine.“The geography of Putin’s attack is becoming wider. “This night Russians attacked Lutsk, Lutsk airport is almost totally demolished.“Lutsk is in the western part of Ukraine. “Russia uses phosphorus munitions, which are prohibited by international conventions. “So, a lot of people are suffering every day, a lot of refugees are trying to get to Poland, to the western border — one more very hard night for Ukraine.” The use of such weapons was backed up by various other sources in Ukraine. READ MORE:Poland warns Russia misstep a 'game changer' pushing NATO to intervene  Liudmila Denisova, Ukraine’s human rights ombudswoman, claimed on Sunday Moscow had used banned phosphorus munitions in an overnight attack on the town of Popasna in the eastern Luhansk region. She shared a photograph purporting to show the alleged attack but did not reveal further evidence confirming the case. In a statement, Ms Denisova said: “The bombing of a civilian city by the Russian attackers with these weapons is a war crime and a crime against humanity according to the Rome Convention.” Oleksi Biloshytsky, head of police in Popasna, around 60 miles west of Luhansk city, said late on Saturday Russian forces had used phosphorus shells in the region, but the claims have not yet been independently verified.  DON'T MISS:One dead and two injured after two cars collide near Asda [REPORT]EU throws Zelensky under bus after tense talks [INSIGHT] Putin's terrifying supersonic nuke bomber poised [REVEAL] Writing on Facebook, Mr Biloshytsky said: “It’s what the Nazis called a ‘flaming onion’ and that’s what the Russcists [amalgamation of ‘Russians’ and ‘fascists’] are dropping on our towns. “Indescribable suffering and fires.” The President of Poland has also warned Russia against using chemical weapons. Speaking to the BBC on Sunday, Andrzej Duda said: “If he uses any weapons of mass destruction then this will be a game-changer in the whole thing. "For sure, the North Atlantic Alliance and its leaders led by the United States will have to sit at the table and they will really have to think seriously about what to do because then it starts to be dangerous."  NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said Russia might use chemical weapons in Ukraine and such a move would be a war crime, according to an interview with the German newspaper Welt am Sonntag. Jens Stoltenberg said: “In recent days, we have heard absurd claims about chemical and biological weapons laboratories. "Now these false claims have been made, we must remain vigilant because it is possible Russia itself could plan chemical weapons operations under this fabrication of lies. “That would be a war crime." Last week, Russian foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said Russia had documents showing evidence the US had supported a bioweapons programme in Ukraine, involving plague, cholera and anthrax. Washington and Kyiv both denied the claims, which White House spokeswoman Jen Psaki described as “preposterous”. 