Gogglebox's Malone family have taken to Instagram to confirm the death of one of their family members, their pet dog Lucy. Both Julie Malone and Tom Malone Jr posted emotional tributes to their pooch after speaking of her "fight" to stay with them "to the end". Taking to Instagram, Juie broke the devastating news to her 175,000 followers. Alongside a snap of husband Tom kissing their pet on her head, Julie wrote: "Today we said goodbye to our beloved Lucy, she fought right to the end to stay with us. "Now reunited with her sister Izzey. "There are no words to describe how much you meant to us. READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top  "Rest In Peace Sweetheart, you will always be in our hearts xx," the post ended. Following the announcement of the devastating news, fans rushed to the comments to support the Malone family. Fellow Gogglebox star Izzi Warner wrote: "Rest in peace sweet girl [red heart emoji] thinking of you all xx." Co-star Stephen Webb also penned a message of support. He wrote: "Sorry to hear this! Sending hugs xx" Dave and Shirley also sent their condolences, writing: "Sorry to hear that Tom [sad face emojis] love dave and shirley xx." (sic) Viewers of the favourite Channel 4 show also paid tribute to Lucy. Fan account goggleboxshow wrote: "Beautiful she will be missed," followed by a red heart. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him [INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]Lord Sugar slams Piers Morgan for 'crowing without giving solution' [UPDATE] Tom Malone Jr also shared the devastating news on his Instagram page. The star shared a sweet snap of himself kissing Lucy on the top of her head. He told his 313,000 fans: "Rest easy Lucy, you were a good girl," followed by a broken heart emoji. The sad news comes eight months after the family shared that their Rottweiler Izzie had died. Tom wrote on Twitter: "I’m very sorry to let you all know that sadly Izzie passed away today. "She was a great dog and will forever be missed by all of us. "Izzie Malone," he added, along with a red heart. Tom accompanied the sad news with a couple of sweet snaps of him kissing his beloved pooch, who could be seen gazing up at him with adoring eyes.