Every remaining British Covid travel rule could be scrapped in days. The unpopular passenger locator form is likely to be ditched in time for the Easter holidays. According to the Daily Mail, the rules are likely to be scrapped following a Covid Operations meeting next week. Ministers are expected to decide whether unvaccinated passengers still need to take tests at the meeting. Currently, only vaccinated British tourists can enter the UK without taking a Covid test. Passenger locator forms have to be completed within 72 hours of travel although many experts have called for them to be scrapped. READ MORE: Canary Islands lift more restrictions for Britons Ryanair CEO, Micheal O’Leary told The Daily Mail: “It’s a shambles. They should ditch it, it’s completely irrelevant. “Nobody collects them, nobody checks them or follows up on them. They were designed to pretend that the politicians were doing something to protect people.” He said that the proposed changes were “long overdue” for the industry. Many European countries have already scrapped the forms. ABTA said: “Given the relaxation of domestic Covid measures, we believe all Covid-related restrictions on international travel should be (axed) unless they serve a clear public health objective. “While recent simplifications of the (form) have helped, the system for collecting passenger data is much more complex than that used by many other countries. “It’s time to get people travelling again.” Conversative MP Huw Merriman told the House of Commons Transport Select Committee: “We don’t need restrictions domestically so why the heck do we need to be asking all these questions of people when they come back in the country?” However, Professor Denis Kinane, immunologist and founder of Cignpost Diagnostics said it was “very concerning”. He told Express.co.uk: “Easing travel restrictions will certainly be welcome news for the travel industry and is part of a wider move towards learning to live with Covid. “However, there is one area that I think is very concerning and that is around dropping testing for unvaccinated passengers. “I also think we have to find some way to continue to test for Covid at our borders, one option could be random testing for a small proportion of those travelling to the UK. “Any move to scrap testing for unvaccinated passengers will hinder our ability to detect new variants and to analyse the mutation of the virus.” However, the news would be welcomed by most in the travel industry and seen as another boost for holidays. Paul Charles, CEO of the PC Agency, tweeted: “I’m expecting the UK’s passenger locator form to be removed by March 18.” The complicated form has been called a “vortex of despair” by travel expert Simon Calder. British travellers may still need to take tests and fill out locator forms in their holiday destination as well as follow local Covid rules.