Dressed in emerald green, Kate and husband William joined the Irish Guards in Aldershot, Hampshire, after the event was cancelled due to Covid in 2021 and 2022. But it was an officer's daughter who stole the show yesterday as toddler Gaia Money gave the Duchess a bouquet and promptly took it back, with a second posy held by Kate. The amused Duchess asked the cheeky 20-month-old "shall we swap?" before adding "now you have both of them". The fun and games at Mons Barracks continued when Gaia's dad Lt Col Rob Money placed his bearskin hat over his little girl's head, which the royal couple found hilarious. Kate said: "That's so sweet. Do you fit inside it?" Gaia's mum Lorraine admitted it wasn't quite how they had rehearsed it, but was smitten by the future King and Queen. She said: "The Duchess was lovely. Gaia took both bouquets and she let them keep them. Gaia has been practising her curtsey at nursery school but failed." Regiment colonel William, 39, was in ceremonial dress while Kate, 40, wore a £3,200 coat by Laura Green with a matching hat by Lock & Co. She opened proceedings on the parade ground by giving out sprigs of shamrock to troops, saying: "Good morning, have some shamrock. Happy St Patrick's Day."  Last in line was two-year-old Irish Wolfhound Turlough Mor - also known as Seamus - who is the regimental mascot. But the Duchess needed help from an officer to attach the shamrock to his collar before the illustrious hound received a salute from William. Kate also presented baskets of the traditional Irish motif for the rank and file, while William gave long service medals to Colour Sgt Samuel Mogey, Lance Sgt Glenn Baker and Sgt Gagaan Gurunm.  The couple then mingled with regiment families. Next week the Cambridges leave for their eight-day tour of Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas in the Caribbean as part of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations.  CAMILLA has been made royal patron of the National Theatre by the Queen - the first of Meghan's former patronages to be taken over. The Duchess of Sussex was stripped of the prestigious role after she and Harry quit Britain for the US. The duty for keen theatregoer Camilla is another sign of the Queen's faith in her daughter-in-law, who she endorsed as a future Queen Consort last month. National Theatre director Rufus Norris, said: "The Duchess shares our belief that theatre enriches our lives in so many ways and that everyone should have access to the arts and creativity no matter where they are in the world." 