Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's career seems to have been revived at Barcelona after his Arsenal spell came to a miserable end. And the Gabon captain has described just how happy he is in Spain compared to north London. Aubameyang was Arsenal's club captain at the start of the season, having signed a three-year deal just 12 months prior. A slow start to the season threw a stumbling block in Arsenal's European qualification path, although the club were expected to overcome these. And that they did, with six wins from eight games between September 11 and November 7 - although behind the scenes, things were not so rosy for their star striker. In December, Aubameyang was stripped of the captaincy and dropped from the squad after a spate of disciplinary issues became unacceptable in the eyes of boss Mikel Arteta. And after being sold to Barcelona on a free transfer at the end of the January transfer window, Aubameyang has told of how happy he is in Catalonia. "Things are going very well with Xavi," Aubameyang told Bein Sports. "He is a legend and will contribute many things to the club. "Barça deserves to be in front and I am very happy there because I am at home. I'm Spanish for my mother's sake. "My grandfather was from Atletico and I just hope that wherever he is, he will be proud of me for playing in the league.  Aubameyang has swapped playing alongside the likes of Bukayo Saka, Emile Smith Rowe and Martin Odegaard for Barcelona's incredible young talents. But the Gabonese international has given high praise to his new team-mates - with special mention to Ousmane Dembele. "For me, he is still one of the best players in the world," Aubameyang said of the Frenchman. Another player he praises highly is Pedri, who many see as the second coming of Xavi himself. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration "It's incredible what he did the other day," he continued. "When you enter Camp Nou, it's a spectacular feeling." Barcelona currently sit fourth in La Liga, having won four of their last five league games.