The pro-Scottish independence sign, painted in saltire colours, was installed outside his Aberdeenshire home in 2020. Council bosses have ordered him to remove it, ruling it constitutes political advertising. But Mr Salmond, the former leader of the SNP, has refused to remove the sign, arguing that it is a local landmark. While the politician quit the SNP in 2018, he went on to launch pro-independence Alba party in 2021. He accused the council of "bureaucratic silliness", urging them to "get their priorities right". The sign, commissioned by Mr Salmond, was made by a local handyman for his home eighteen months ago. Mr Salmond lives in a B-listed former mill in the rural village of Strichen and is reportedly well-known in the community. The pro-independence politician argues that the blue pro-independence sign helps ramblers find their way through the village. Speaking to the Press and Journal, Mr Salmond said: "The sign has been up for 18 months since it was carved from driftwood by local Strichen man Mike Morgan. "It’s a great piece of work and it’s not going anywhere." He added: "I have asked the council’s chief executive how much money they have already wasted on this bureaucratic silliness. READ MORE: Sturgeon slapped down by Alex Salmond’s nationalists on IndyRef2 "Apparently they have had a team of officials out taking photographs. "I have also added a few choice remarks about their lack of contribution to the amenity of the village. "The best of Strichen is down to the voluntary efforts of locals like Mike. "There are issues about freedom of speech but, basically, the council officials should get their priorities right and their facts straight." DON'T MISS: 'A gift to Putin' Sturgeon slammed for posing 'threat' to NATO [ANALYSIS] SNP MP pulls rug out from under Sturgeon after 'crass' Ukraine remarks [REVEAL] Poland breaks ranks with EU to pull rug from under Putin [INSIGHT] According to the Daily Record, the council told Mr Salmond that the Yes placard is "an election-related advertising sign". It told him it would require "advertising consent" to be displayed. The council added: "No such consent is in place and therefore the sign comprises a breach of planning control." A spokesperson for Aberdeenshire Council said: "Following a complaint from a member of the public we have assessed the sign in question and advised Mr Salmond that, should he wish to keep the sign, he will require advertisement consent."