Sebastian Vettel could well be absent from a second Grand Prix in a row this weekend, with the four-time champion in danger of missing the race in Saudi Arabia due to Covid. The experienced German was already forced to miss the opening race of the season in Bahrain last week due to his positive test. And the German is now a doubt for this weekend’s Middle East race after not yet submitting a negative test. Confirming the news on Twitter Aston Martin said: "Sebastian Vettel has not yet returned the required negative COVID test to fly to the #SaudiArabiaGP." The Silverstone-based team also confirmed that Vettel’s replacement from Bahrain Niko Hulkneberg is once again on hand to race if the German can not compete. They continued: "Nico Hulkenberg will be in Jeddah to deputise for Seb if necessary. We will delay our final decision until Friday to provide Seb every opportunity to race." One of Vettel’s rivals however has jumped to his defence ahead of the trip to Jeddah, with Red Bull’s Sergio Perez calling for drivers to still be able to compete despite testing positive for the virus. Restrictions have been eased in and around the paddock this season, with testing no longer mandatory and mask use and social distancing relaxed. JUST IN: Martin Brundle sends Mercedes Lewis Hamilton retirement warning - 'Won’t be enjoying it' And, Perez believes if drivers are fit enough to drive after testing positive they should be allowed to race. He said: "These days if you're feeling bad, obviously the drivers can be the judge, but I think it makes sense to have a discussion. "There's so much we've learned with Covid now and there is only so much you can do. If you want to look after yourself [completely], you have to stay at home for 24 hours and cook for yourself and do everything on your own." DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton accused of 'using the force' on Sergio PerezLewis Hamilton and George Russell 'won't work' in warning to WolffCharles Leclerc explains why Ferrari are quicker than Mercedes Perez himself knows exactly what the consequences of contracting the virus are as a driver, having already tested positive twice, and therefore offered his sympathies to Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo - who tested positive in testing. He added: “It is difficult to not do anything. I'm just very sorry for Seb and for Daniel, but it can happen to anyone." Despite recommending a laissez-faire approach though, the Mexican admitted he would continue to remain vigilant in an attempt to respect others. Perez commented: “Yes. At the same time, you have to look after the people around you and to make sure that don't you don't affect anyone around you."