Queen Letizia chose a stunning tiara for her first public appearance as a member of the Royal Family which has remained her very favourite. The first time Queen Letizia of Spain wore a tiara was on her wedding day on May 22, 2004. For the special occasion, she chose the Prussian Tiara, a beautiful piece made in 1913. The Court Jeweller explained: "Worn on her wedding day, this tiara was an early favourite of Letizia’s. "The piece is a German imperial heirloom, passed down from mother to daughter until it reached Letizia’s mother-in-law, Queen Sofia of Spain. READ MORE: Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home  "The tiara was Letizia’s go-to jewel for the first five years of her royal marriage." The gorgeous tiara was made by the German jeweller Koch for the daughter of Kaiser Wilhelm II, Princess Viktoria Luise, who married Prince Ernst August of Hanover in 1913. The diadem reached Queen Sofia of Spain (Queen Letizia's mother-in-law) in 1962 and she wore it on her wedding day in Athens. Queen Letizia donned the tiara at her royal wedding for the first time but has worn it many times since, meaning the jewel was probably gifted to her by her mother-in-law. The Court Jeweller said: "The tiara is sleek and balanced, a small diamond and platinum kokoshnik featuring a quartet of design elements. "A band of laurel leaves crowns the top of the tiara, resting on a set of gem-set columns and a meander base. "In the centre of the tiara, a pear-shaped double diamond cluster pendant is suspended from a single round stone. "The pendant gives the tiara a little bit of kinetic energy, as it moves when the wearer moves." This was the perfect choice for Queen Letizia's first-ever tiara as it is a relatively small piece and very easy to wear. Jewellery designer Katie Callahan said: "Every young Princess needs a starter tiara." The last time Queen Letizia wore the Prussian tiara was at an official banquet at Madrid's Royal Palace in 2011. Royal watcher @olienuko said about the royal diadem: "It's so pretty and so elegant." Instagram user @inmasusa commented: "Princess Leonor or Princess Sofia will probably wear this one. "It's a very small tiara and a good fit for young princesses."