When it comes to cleaning your hob, the task may seem never-ending. Employing the "clean as you go" strategy is definitely the best way to keep on top of it, but assuring you have some essential tools in your artillery will also be a major help. Though there are countless cleaning products out there, you don't necessarily have to shell out lots of money to keep your job looking its best. In fact, there are two simple household items you may already have tucked away in a cupboard that can help towards a glistening hob. What cleaning essentials do you need for your hob? READ MORE: Cleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease When it comes to tackling a ceramic, halogen or induction hob, cream cleaner is one of the best ways to banish crusted on food spills. Though there are plenty to choose from, cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch recommended Cif Cream with Micro Crystals to her fans on Instagram. The cream cleaner can be purchased for as little as £1 in shops including B&M or Home Bargains. You should always check the specific instructions of your cream cleaner before using it. Typically, these can be applied with a damp cloth and left to sit for a few minutes. After, simply wipe away with a soft, cotton cloth to polish and shine. DON'T MISSWhen to plant sweet peas: The key dates for summer blooms [INSIGHT]Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [COMMENT]How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [EXPLAINER] Toothbrushes are handy tools to have for cleaning, and not just when it comes to your teeth. Thanks to the stiff bristles and small head, toothbrushes scrub grime away from all sorts of cracks and crevices. This is particularly true if you have a traditional gas hob. You can use a toothbrush to get into and around the burners or to scrub away at patches of dried-on food and grease. Dip your toothbrush into a multi-purpose, all-surface cleaner before using for best results. Though white vinegar is most often used to add flavour in cooking, it also has an array of uses for cleaning around the home. This is thanks to the high acidity, which helps to bust through build-ups of dirt and grime. When diluted with water to around five percent acidity, white vinegar can act as a natural and nontoxic cleaning agent, able to kill certain household bacteria. The kitchen cupboard essential is also a cut of the price of regular cleaning products, with supermarkets such as Asda selling white vinegar for just 29p a bottle. For best results, pop your white vinegar or diluted white vinegar solution into a spray bottle and spritz onto surfaces as necessary. If you have a stainless-steel hob, leave your white vinegar to sit for a few minutes before wiping away any gunk with a sponge. White vinegar can also be used to spot clean any unexpected splotches of grease.