On Tuesday, Netflix released the trailer for the highly anticipated second season of Top Boy, which will return with eight new episodes on March 18. Earlier last year, the streaming platform had confirmed that the fourth instalment of the hard-hitting drama was on its way, which will be the second Netflix Original version of the show. Following on from Dushane’s (played by Ashley Walters) victory against young pretender Jamie (Micheal Ward), the big-time dealer is on a roll, making eye-watering money but could the sudden fall out between a close ally be the end for the untouchable Dushane? Life with Shelley (Simbi ‘Little Simz’ Ajikawo,) is going well for the kingpin, allowing him to dream of a future away from the road. In the latest trailer released by the streaming service, Jamie and Dushane are seen back in the East London coffee shop, sitting opposite each other. Viewers can already prepare themselves for a killer season when the leading man is detailing a new job to his rival which is set to make them a lot of money. Dushane tells Jamie: “Mad that we’re here again, innit?” READ MORE:Ex-US VP Quayle warns of dire consequences 'We're on brink of WW3!'  Their meeting makes fans wonder on what terms they’re currently speaking on, are they friends or are they enemies? After winning the war which built up in the latest season, some viewers could ponder whether Jamie could still be planning to take Dushane down or whether they plan to come together, pushing their egos aside. “I’ve got a link in Spain and Morrocco, they're about to come back with a big bit,” he tells Jamie. Meanwhile, the clip pans to a group of men who are lugging bags across a beach, inside the bags is yet to be uncovered but it could be hinting at the huge amounts of drugs that Dushane is alluding to.  Dushane asked: “Do you want to be a part of it or what?” In the latest instalment, the fierce Jamie could soon be taken under the wing of the show’s anti-hero as they prepare themselves for a big return. Meanwhile, for Sully, his unpredictable nature may cause a rift between himself and Dushane. After having a history of lashing out, Sully is shown being caught up in a series of brawls, with whom is yet to be explained.   However, the leading star is heard warning Jamie: “You think I forgot? “Dushane don’t speak for me. “You look at me wrong, you’re done,” he said. Cutting to a scene of both Dushane and Sully face to face in what could be the start of a bust-up.  Other members of the London crew are shown, getting themselves prepared for a new war which is on the horizon but it begs to ask the question, who could be at the receiving end of the blood-soaked feud? It seems Sully may not be as on-board with welcoming Jamie into the fray as Dushane is. Coming back with a stellar cast, the show will see Kane Robinson, Micheal Ward (The A List, Blue Story), Simbi ‘Little Simz’ Ajikawo, Jasmine Jobson (Lie Low, Obey), Lisa Dwan (Trust), Kadeem Ramsay (Sex Education, Blue Story), Saffron Hocking (London Kills, White Gold), Jolade Obasola, Hope Ikpoku (Bulletproof) and Araloylin Oshunremi (Heartstopper). Top Boy season two premieres on Netflix on 18th March