World champion Tyson Fury has made the headlines after drafting in the help of disgraced heavyweight Jarrell Miller to help him prepare for his all-British bout against Dillian Whyte at Wembley Stadium. The WBC champion will put his belt on the line as he is set to participate in his first UK fight since 2018. Fury last fought in a brutal grudge trilogy against Deontay Wilder, knocking the Bronze Bomber out in Las Vegas last October. It was an emphatic way to emerge triumphant from their feud - and he has a new sparring partner to help ready himself for his British return. The 33-year-old was dealt a setback when training partner Jared Anderson, who was booked to fight on the undercard, picked up an injury and was forced to drop out of the event. Fury has announced a replacement though, with Miller coming in just three weeks from the clash with Whyte. Given the American is currently banned from competing in the ring, Miller’s selection is a controversial one. The 33-year-old failed three drugs tests ahead of his clash with Fury’s rival Anthony Joshua in 2019 - with Andy Ruiz Jr brought in as a late replacement before securing a stunning upset win. READ MORE: Usyk confirms he is leaving Ukraine war to prepare for Joshua rematch Miller escaped a more severe punishment as it emerged his boxing licence had expired, so the New York State Athletic Commission were unable to impose a ban. Having signed with Top Rank, Miller was set to fight Jerry Forrest a few months later but tested positive for banned substances cardarine and endurobol. He was then handed a backdated two-year ban, which he has been serving since December 2020. Miller will soon be allowed to return to the professional arena - and could even face his new sparring partner Fury. DON'T MISSAmir Khan ‘could have comeback fight’ before Kell Brook rematchAnthony Joshua to rematch Oleksandr Usyk this summerFury will be unnerved by Whyte's actions claims Eddie Hearn However, news of his arrival within Fury’s camp was not particularly positive. Once TalkSport reporter Michael Benson revealed Fury had brought in Miller, several fans voiced their disappointment and frustration on social media. Everything Boxing (@EverythingBoxi2) quote tweeted the news, and wrote: “That is a horrible look for boxing.” It appears Miller’s drug ban remains a sour taste in many fans’ mouths ahead of Fury's clash with Whyte at Wembley Stadium on April 23.