Peaky Blinders fans were left heartbroken by the end of episode three which concluded with a shocking death. The show must go on with the Shelby family coming to terms with their loss in the fourth instalment. Here's everything there is to know about the guest cast in the BBC period drama's next episode. Last year, it was revealed that young actor Conrad Khan, an EE Rising Star nominee, would be joining the Peaky Blinders cast. While he has only worked on a few projects so far, the 20-year-old hasn't failed in making an impression. He starred in the emotionally driven movie County Lines in 2019 as Tyler, The Huntsman: Winter's War, Black Mirror and BBC's Baptiste as Will Chambers. There has been no indication on exactly who Duke is and how he is related to the Shelby clan but will he be causing trouble for Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy)? READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Actress Pauline Turner has been Tommy's maid since 2017, popping up from time to time whenever he needs assistance at the house. She has yet to have made an appearance in series six so episode four will be the first time Frances will be seen since season five. Actress Turner most recently played Mrs Crombie in the first two episodes of Outlander season six. Some of her other work has been in Martin Chuzzlewit, T2 Trainspotting, Casualty and Adult Material. New character Dr Holford will also be welcomed to the cast in the latest episode of Peaky Blinders. Could it be that the doctor is going to be at hand to deliver even more bad news to the family? Actor Aneurin Barnard has starred in The Pact, Sherwood, Barkskins, Thirteen and War and Peace. He will also be in the upcoming drama 1899 which is currently in post-production. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY] Peaky Blinders: Where is Finn Shelby? Fans share concern  [EXPLAINER]Peaky Blinders: Tommy Shelby has been dying since first ever episode [SPOILER] In the most recent episode, Tommy went in search of Gypsy Bethany Boswell (Frances Tomelty) in a bid to put an end to the curse. Evadne hasn't been introduced in Peaky Blinders just yet but going by the surname, she is expected to be a relation of Bethany's. Actress Gwynne McElveen has had a variety of minor roles over the years. Some of which were Fair City, Ripper Street, Vikings, Nightflyers, Normal People and The Sleep Experiment. The synopsis for season six's Sapphire reads: "Tommy and his allies gather in the wake of their recent losses and prepare to seek revenge on their enemies. "He is driven to build a connection between crime and political power that could alter the course of history, bringing together an alliance of extremists from both sides of the Atlantic. "However, he also receives life-changing news from an unexpected source, that leaves him dreading the prospect of war within the family." Peaky Blinders season 6 continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.