Vitamin B12 provides fuel for the body by helping to form red blood cells, DNA synthesis and supporting nerve cell function. Naturally, falling short of the vitamin can deal a hammer blow to the body. There are a spate of neuropsychiatric symptoms that can accompany B12 deficiency. Neuropsychiatry describes the psychiatric or behavioural disorders that occur in patients with neurological conditions. A lack of vitamin B12 can cause neurological problems, which affect your nervous system. According to an article published in the Journal of Neuropsychiatry and Clinical Neurosciences, the incidence of neuropsychiatric symptoms among individuals with vitamin B12 deficiency has been reported to be four percent to 50 percent. One major red flag is pins and needles, also known as paresthesia, explains the article. READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: Warning signs of long-term deficiency – 'neurological problems' Pins and needles feels like pricking, tingling or numbness on the skin. This numbness or burning feeling occurs most often in the extremities, such as the hands, arms, legs, or feet, but can occur throughout the body. Other neuropsychiatric symptoms include: According to the NHS, you should see a GP if you're experiencing symptoms of vitamin B12 deficiency. DON'T MISSHigh cholesterol: Symptoms to spot in your hands [TIPS]Nuclear war: Why iodine tablets could save you [ADVICE]Steve Perry health: 'I live on anti-inflammatories' [INSIGHT] "These conditions can often be diagnosed based on your symptoms and the results of a blood test." As the health body explained, it's important for vitamin B12 deficiency to be diagnosed and treated as soon as possible. "Although many of the symptoms improve with treatment, some problems caused by the condition can be irreversible if left untreated." There are two primary causes of B12 deficiency - pernicious anaemia and diet.  Pernicious anaemia - the most common cause of vitamin B12 deficiency in the UK - is an autoimmune condition whereby the immune system attacks the cells in your stomach that produce the intrinsic factor, which means your body is unable to absorb vitamin B12. Some people can also develop a vitamin B12 deficiency as a result of not getting enough vitamin B12 from their diet. The richest sources of B12 are animal-based, including: A vitamin B12 deficiency is most likely to affect vegetarians or vegans, and older people. Holland and Barrett explains: "Vegans and vegetarians are at risk because they don’t eat meat, while older people may not absorb vitamin B12 properly from their food due to declining levels of stomach acid." According to the health body, if you’re following a plant-based diet, taking a vitamin B12 supplement can help prevent a deficiency. The treatment for vitamin B12 deficiency depends on what's causing the condition. Most people can be easily treated with injections or tablets to replace the missing vitamins. Vitamin B12 deficiency anaemia is usually treated with injections of vitamin B12. There are two types of vitamin B12 injections: "At first, you'll have these injections every other day for two weeks or until your symptoms have started improving," adds the NHS. 