Officials in the UK, US and EU have questioned why pro-Western countries in the Middle East have not been more forthright in siding against Russia following its invasion of Ukraine. Cornerstone Global Associates founder Ghanem Nuseibeh said the reason for this was clear: decades of EU foreign policy which has failed to recognise the strategic importance of Middle Eastern countries and has treated them merely as trade partners. But having split from Brussels, Britain is now, he stressed, capable of “re-balancing the relationship” between the West and the Middle East. Mr Nuseibeh added this was of vital importance given the threat of further conflicts such as the one we are witnessing now, where a firmly united response could be crucial. The consultant, who specialises in risk management, told Express.co.uk Britain’s previous position in the EU prevented it from spearheading the creation of firm relationships with the West in the Middle East. But following Russia’s invasion of its neighbouring country, Britain “has been a leader in the Western world”. This leadership should not be put on hold when current events pass, he added, but should be used to strengthen the West’s relations around the world. Mr Nuseibeh told Express.co.uk: “This political capital should be built on further with the Middle East to ensure that if anything happens on a similar level in the future, that capital can be used to ensure a more pro-Western response.” He pointed to the potential of future conflicts involving Iran, China or possibly even Russia again, in order to stress the importance of boosting world relations. The likelihood of the EU learning from its foreign policy errors and correcting its course with the Middle East was, however, in his view, slim. Mr Nuseibeh stressed: “The EU has really failed the whole Western world. Now we are seeing the impacts of this. READ MORE: Facebook will not remove 'violent' posts 'targeting Russian invaders' “They are narrow-minded, closed-minded. I think they will continue with those mistakes. “The way they have been behaving so far does not give much confidence with the way they deal with the Middle East.” But what occurs in Brussels is – now, at least – a different story to what happens in the UK, Mr Nuseibeh said. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Western-Middle Eastern relations may have deteriorated due to the EU – and, he added, the US – failing to realise its importance, but “it is never too late” for the UK to pick up the slack. Mr Nuseibeh touted new, “great” free trade agreements being signed between Britain and countries in the Middle East after Brexit which are helping to “reclaim 20 or 30 years of lost ground as a result of the way the EU has acted”. Free trade deals alone, however, will not quite cut it. Britain “needs to do a lot more”, he said. “The UK has a lot of soft power – it has a lot of political capital and obviously language, culture and history. “It can, at least, rebalance the relationship between the West in general and the Middle East.”