Every 10 years, adults across Scotland are expected to fill out the census, a crucial survey providing officials with information on households and demographics, which aids with important decision-making. The census is deemed to be a legal responsibility to fill out, and those who don’t cooperate could be slapped with a £1,000 fine. Like the rest of the UK, Scotland was due to carry out its census last year, however, the impact of COVID-19 caused officials to move its launch date forward to March 2022. Scotland’s former cabinet secretary for economy, fair work and culture, Fiona Hyslop, said: “COVID-19 is the biggest single public health challenge facing us in more than 100 years and as in many other areas of life, the ongoing disruption is impacting on the vital preparations for the census,” “Following careful consideration and on recommendation of National Records of Scotland (NRS), ministers have informed the Scottish Parliament of their intention to move Scotland’s Census date to March 2022. “This reflects the unprecedented impact which COVID-19 is having across a wide range of sectors. She added: “We recognise Scotland’s Census remains more relevant than ever in the current climate, as it allows important planning decisions to be made informed by the make-up of Scotland’s population.”  READ MORE: 100-year-old Census: How war opened the world of work to women  Ms Hyslop said moving the census allows the NRS to get the “highest possible response rate from people across Scotland". The census takes place once every 10 years, normally on a year ending with a number one. In over 200 years, this is the second time the census has been postponed in Scotland, with the first postponement taking place during World War Two in 1941. Households that fail to submit could face fines of up to £1,000 or even prosecution - so it’s important not to ignore this. Here is everything you need to know about the Scotland census. Scotland’s census deadline is today, March 20.  Households have had since February 28 to fill it in. All of the information you provide must accurately reflect the circumstances of the current date. The census asks a range of questions on your specific household, collecting information on a range of topics including who lives at your address, household relationships, and employment information. It also asks questions about the accommodation itself, including what type it is, how many bedrooms, whether it’s rented or owned, and details on cars at the property. The second part of the census collects information on individuals, asking questions on education, health, ethnicity, and so on. DON'T MISS: Annie Lennox on 'embarrassing' Scottish independence campaigners [INSIGHT]SNP to reveal 'secret' plans for taxpayer cash [EXPLAINED]Charity calls on Government to support elderly amid energy bill surge [ANALYSIS]      The census provides the government with a snapshot of the country, which helps aid the Scottish government and other organisations to provide the right services to the public. It has been a crucial document since its launch in 1801 and has seriously benefited a number of communities. It can plan for future infrastructure, establish specific areas that suffer issues with unemployment, or areas that might need additional services. For example, council-led language classes were launched to a community in Dundee that was noted to have a large population of people with little or no English-speaking skills.  For the first time, the census will be completed on a “digital-first” basis, as the Office for National Statistics (ONS) encouraged people to fill out the form online if possible. Scottish households should have received a letter from the government on February 28, providing an Internet access code for an online version of the document. However, it is also possible to submit the census on paper by ordering the paper-version to your house - this can be found here. Households are legally required to take part, but you do not have to answer the questions marked as voluntary. You could face prosecution if you refuse to complete it, don't answer a required question, or give false information. 