Ash Barty made a surprising announcement on Friday as she confirmed she would be taking time away from the tour this month. The world No 1 has not played since winning her home Grand Slam at the end of January and her hiatus will now continue as she has withdrawn from Indian Wells and Miami. Barty ended her 2021 season after the US Open, spending more than half a year away from her home of Queensland to be able to compete on the tour. After three months away from tennis, she returned for the Australian hard-court summer and has gone undefeated since, winning the Adelaide WTA 500 before finally getting her hands on the Australian Open trophy. Having started the season 11-0, she has not played since clinching her third Grand Slam title on January 29. The 25-year-old opted to skip the tournaments in the Middle East and Mexico last month, including the Doha WTA 1000. JUST IN: Djokovic set to play French Open as country announces vaccine change  She was set to return for the ‘Sunshine Double’ of 1000-point events in Indian Wells and Miami but has now confirmed that her break from tennis would continue as she waits for her body to recover from the Australian Open. "I wanted to share an update on my schedule for the coming months," Barty said in a statement on Friday. "Unfortunately my body has not recovered the way I’d hoped after the Australian Open and I have not been able to adequately prepare for Indian Wells and Miami.” The world No 1 has not competed in Indian Wells since 2019, with the postponed 2021 edition of the event taking place after she had ended her season in October. DON’T MISSRoger Federer's coach gives heartbreaking Wimbledon updateEx-Djokovic coach breaks silence and admits decision he disagreed withKyrgios says Federer can't compete with Djokovic and Nadal for GOAT  She is the two-time defending champion in Miami, having won the title in 2019 and 2021, and will lose 1000 ranking points as a result of her withdrawal. The Queenslander, who is currently building a house in Brisbane with her fiancé Garry Kissick, shared her disappointment to miss the Sunshine Double as she continued: “I don’t believe I am at the level necessary to win these events and as a result I have decided to withdraw from both tournaments. “I love these events and am sad not to be there competing but getting my body right must be my focus.” Barty’s injury layoff will now continue until April, when she is hoping to be fit to compete in Australia’s Billie Jean King Cup squad. "My aim is to represent my country at the upcoming Billie Jean King Cup event in April. After missing the BJK Cup last year I can’t wait to wear the green and gold again,” she said. The world No 1 also took the opportunity to show solidarity with Ukraine in the wake of Russia’s invasion, and with those affected by flooding in her home nation. Barty added: “On a more important note, it has been a tough few weeks at home in Australia and around the world. I send all of my thoughts and best wishes to everyone in Queensland and New South Wales who have been affected by the devastating floods. “To the people of Ukraine, especially my peers in the tennis family, we are all thinking of you and hope for peace.”