Russian forces last week seized the spent nuclear fuel and radioactive waste facilities at Chernobyl, the site of the world's worst nuclear accident in 1986. Mark Voyger senior fellow at the Centre for European Analysis has since warned President Putin's hold on the area could lead to blackmail. He noted that the "prospects are dire" as the war with Ukraine continues. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Voyger said: "They will change their tactics by upping the bombardments, the illegal shelling of civilians. "They will try to encircle the capital and the major city Kharkiv. "They of course will keep bringing in Belarus and reinforcements and they're already trying to isolate the Black Sea and the traffic into Ukraine. "According to reports, they are harrassing international navigation which will effectively turn the Black Sea into a Russian-owned lake if NATO doesn't act quickly and respond to that. READ MORE: Russian soldiers head home on foot en masse "Of course, Russia has the nuclear reactor in Chernobyl under their control and from there they can blackmail not only Ukraine but the entire European continent. "I expect if the war continues, even though the Ukrainians have gained multiple tactical victories, the prospects are dire." Petro Kotin, speaking with Reuters in an interview, called Russia's capture last week of the defunct Chernobyl nuclear power plant "nuclear terrorism". He said Energoatom had transferred requests to the U.N. atomic watchdog (IAEA) earlier on Thursday through a position paper. Kyiv asked the IAEA to downgrade its relationship with Russia, and for the agency to help create a 30-kilometre (18-mile) perimeter ban from power plants for Russian forces as well as to push for NATO to establish a no-fly zone over the country, according to the paper seen by Reuters. The IAEA has said it is working with all sides to ascertain in which effective way it could provide assistance. The IAEA board of governors on Thursday passed a resolution criticising Russia over its invasion of Ukraine and calling on it to let Ukraine control all its nuclear facilities, with just two votes against, diplomats said. The United States and its NATO allies have rejected Ukraine's request to impose a no-fly zone over the country, arguing this would lead to direct confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia. DON'T MISS ‘We’re abandoned without food!’ Russian troops desert Putin [INSIGHT]'I'm not going to speak to you' Russian chief launches into tirade [VIDEO]Russia turmoil as Putin warned sanctions will 'hurt' [ANALYSIS] Kotin said Russian troops have advanced to within 35 km (21 miles) of the Zaporizhzhia plant and the South Ukraine power plant and that Ukrainian and Russian troops had clashed on Wednesday in Voznesensk about 30 km away. "If the situation worsens, it will be impossible to think what will happen if they start shelling. They just don't know what they are doing," Kotin said, adding that he did not believe the Russians had been given the final order to launch an attack on the plants. Russia calls its actions in Ukraine that began on February 24 a "special operation" that it says is not designed to occupy territory but to destroy its southern neighbour's military capabilities and capture what it regards as dangerous nationalists. Kotin said the Russian troops wanted local forces to surrender so they could take control of the surrounding areas and the power plant.