Germany’s Economy Ministry announced on Thursday that it would send over the "Strela" rockets, which belonged to East Germany under communist rule. The weapons of Soviet production come from former stocks of the National People's Army (NVA) of the German Democratic Republic (GDR). The weapons will add to the 1,000 anti-tank weapons and 500 "Stinger" surface-to-air missiles that Berlin has already sent to Ukraine’s armed forces. But it comes after Germany had previously committed not to send weapons to conflict zones. The tone has now changed as Mr Scholz has condemned Putin’s brutal invasion. He said: “We must put a stop to warmongers like Putin. “ The German Chancellor has also described the situation in the Ukraine as a “turning point”. Mr Scholz declared: "The Russian invasion of Ukraine marks a turning point. It threatens our entire post-war order. "In this situation, it is our duty to support Ukraine to the best of our ability in its defence against Vladimir Putin's invading army. Germany stands closely by Ukraine's side." Germany is not the only country ramping up Ukraine’s military defence. While NATO has not sent any troops directly into Ukraine, many members of the alliance have sent “lethal” as well as “non-lethal aid” to help the nation fight back. This includes Britain, Canada, the US and France. The UK has reportedly sent anti-tank weapons the Ukraine’s military, as well as other military equipment like body armour, helmets and combat boots. READ MORE: Xi offers energy lifeline for Putin as ‘nuclear option’ bites Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “In light of the increasingly threatening behaviour from Russia, and in line with our previous support, the UK will shortly be providing a further package of military support to Ukraine. "This will include lethal aid in the form of defensive weapons and non-lethal aid." This also comes after fears that the Ukrainian army could run out of ammunition in days started to soar. Although NATO has not been shy to send weapons over, defence analystshave warned that Ukraine’s forces may be slow at collecting the lethal deliveries. Dr Jack Watling, from the Royal United Services Institute, told The Telegraph: “Now the issue is everything is building up in Poland in a big stockpile. DON'T MISS Russia nuclear threat: Putin to launch missile TOMORROW [REVEAL] Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [INSIGHT] Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war [REPORT] “Everyone is donating stuff, including the Germans, Finns. But NATO troops can't deliver it into the country. “Ukrainians need to come in convoys to pick it up [from the Polish border].”Despite this, EU Foreign Ministers have agreed to send €450million (£370million) worth of arms to Ukraine. This marks the first ever time that the bloc has moved to supply arms to a country engaged in war. But whether these weapons will be able to compete with Russia’s terrifying arsenal remains to be seen. One of the most devastating weapons systems in Russia’s armoury, the TOS-1, is a multiple launch rocket system attached to a T-72 tank. And Russia appears to be using weapons like these relentlessly. Amnesty International’s Secretary General, Agnès Callamard, said: “The Russian military has shown a blatant disregard for civilian lives by using ballistic missiles and other explosive weapons with wide area effects in densely populated areas. “Some of these attacks may be war crimes. The Russian government, which falsely claims to use only precision-guided weapons, should take responsibility for these acts.” Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.