Guests have taken to TripAdvisor to grumble about the dirty accommodation, poor service and how they saw "police patrolling everywhere" at Pontins Brean Sands in Somerset. Some customers even left on the first evening for alternative accommodation. So far in 2022, the Pontins Brean Sands TripAdvisor page has received 21 reviews, 16 of which rated the establishment one out of five, reports Somerset Live. One woman recently posted: "We had planned to stay for a long weekend but when we saw the room and we promptly gave back key and left. The room was filthy - we wouldn't put our dog in it. "The wardrobe had stained quilts and filthy pillows shoved in. We had brought our own linen as you pay for theirs! "The room smelt dreadful, the windows were filthy. The staff had no idea about hospitality and had scruffy uniforms. "We cut our losses and left within an hour and booked into a Travelodge nearby and found other people who had seen their accommodation and also left. Put us off Pontins for life."  Another visitor said "everything was broken". "This is an absolutely dirty, vile place! Everything is broken, your feet stick to the floor and the staff are so undertrained it’s a joke," they added. "We went on the off chance for a weekend, thinking after covid that it would have been cleaned. Joke's on us - the room was dirty, mouldy and there was food still left from previous guests. "Words can not describe how bad it was - the staff do not care. We took a hit and left, and went to Weston. Not sure how people let their kids sleep in those rooms." Another scathing review states: "DO NOT GO HERE. Absolutely atrocious. "From the service received to the horrible living conditions - broken dodgy doors, smelly, filthy and freezing conditions. All of our washing still smells of damp now. "We tried to book elsewhere when we saw where they expect people to sleep but due to weather conditions we couldn’t and it wasn’t safe to travel so we HAD to stay for one night with no curtains so anyone could look in and see us sleep. The dodgy front door that didn’t open and close properly was certainly not safe and to top it off police were patrolling everywhere which made us feel even more unsafe. "I MEAN POLICE PATROL AT A KIDS' HOLIDAY PARK. Dodgy if you ask me. Horrific experience. They should be closed down."   Among the recent positive reviews, which are in the minority, the resort has been praised for value for money. One mum posted: "When you read the reviews, there is enough to completely turn you off even booking. However, after the delay to check in, when we arrived at our room it was really clean and well presented. "Of course it’s a little outdated, but it’s less than £50 for three nights as a family of four. Our room had everything we needed. "We discovered quite late that our room wouldn’t lock- security came over and sorted it for the night, and maintenance came the next day to fix. The entertainment was good, the shop was really well priced, and overall we had a great stay." Britannia, which owns Pontins, was approached for comment. 