More than three weeks into Russia’s invasion of its neighbouring country, there has been a great deal of coverage around weaknesses in the Russian advance. Reports suggest the latest blow comes in the form of a halt in the production and repair of Russian tanks. This has been pinned on a lack of available supplies essential for the maintenance of these military vehicles. Many have taken the blow as a win for Western sanctions against Russia. The news, however, appears so far only to have been relayed by Ukrainian forces so cannot be wholly substantiated. The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine is quoted as saying: “According to the available information, due to the lack of receipts of foreign-made components, the work of the enterprises of the Uralzavod Corporation and the Chelyabinsk Tractor Plant has been suspended. “These companies specialise in the manufacture and repair of tanks and other armoured vehicles for the needs of the armed forces of the Russian Federation.” NEXTA described Uralvagonzavod as Russia’s “only tank manufacturer”. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced last month it would be among the companies targeted in sanctions against Moscow. This comes as Russia is understood to be readying itself to make greater use of its airpower, which appears to have taken more of a backseat in the action to date. READ MORE: Russia and Ukraine edge closer to deal to bring war to an end Long-time Russia reporter Ben Aris reported in a post on Twitter: “The Ukraine war is going into Phase Five as Russia starts to increasingly make use of its superior air power. “This will build up gradually to put pressure on Zelensky in peace talks.” Putin, according to US President Joe Biden, currently has his “back against the wall” and has been surprised by the level of unity in the West against his invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Ahead of a visit to Europe this week, Mr Biden said: “Putin wasn’t anticipating the extent or the strength of our unity. “And the more his back is against the wall, the greater the severity of the tactics he may employ.” He suggested the Kremlin could resort to the use of chemical weapons in its war efforts. Moscow, on the other hand, has insisted today, on Tuesday, it would like talks with Ukraine to be more “active and substantive”. Reports suggest the two sides are coming closer on some key issues, including over Ukraine’s relationship with NATO, though there is still much ground to be covered before peace could be likely reached. Volodymyr Zelensky said it would not be possible to negotiate the end of the war without him meeting for talks with Putin directly.