Julia Bradbury has posted a video on her social media accounts explaining she is taking the weekend away from her screen, following her “last Zoom with doctors”. Her fans showed their support as they wished her well. The 51-year-old was diagnosed with breast cancer last September after noticing a lump, and has since undergone a mastectomy. As she recovers, Countyfile star Julia has been enjoying lots of time in nature and focusing on her diet and exercise. And this weekend, she is taking some time off from social media. In a message posted to her 166.4k followers, Julia wrote: “Just finished my last Zoom with my doctors & taking some screen - free time for the weekend. “Wishing you all a nourishing couple of days.  Namaste… #thesmallthingsarethebigthings”. Her fans flocked to wish her well. Grahame Rothwell replied: “Wishing you a speedy return to full health and our screens x” Chemogiftbags added: “Have a fab weekend Julia, time to chill and relax.” “Chin up kid. Get some rays,” wrote Dave Glass. Alongside a recent video on Instagram as she walked through fields near her home, Julia opened up about the hardest aspects of battling cancer. “To everyone on a cancer journey right now... I know it's difficult,” she penned. “I know the ups and downs of every appointment and every day can be tough, but we humans are resilient & there is some amazing support out there for us all. DON'T MISS... 'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [UPDATE]'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [LATEST]Will Smith fires back at Rebel Wilson's joke about his marriage [DEBATE] “Thank you @maggiescentres for all your safe comfortable spaces to talk or just be,” she continued. “Thank you @ovariancanceraction for all your research into the silent killer that is ovarian cancer. “It's #OvarianCancerAwarenessMonth - see my post from yesterday about symptoms to look out for & join their #WalkInHerName step challenge,” she concluded. Julia finished her caption with an inspiring quote. “Keep your face toward the sunshine and the shadows will fall behind you. —Walt Whitman,” she added. As GoOutdoors commented on the post to send their love, Julia replied to say she would be having “lots of outdoor time tomorrow”. The Countryfile presenter also said she is “motivated” to stay fit and healthy in a bid to prevent her breast cancer coming back. She has three children: Zephyr, 10, and six-year-old twins Xanthe and Zena.