Luis Enrique is attractive to Manchester United because he wouldn’t cost ‘top dollar’ for the Glazers, according to reports. The Spain boss is an outsider for the role of manager, with the Red Devils still likelier to hire Erik ten Hag or Mauricio Pochettino. However, the board are appreciative of the work he’s done over the years and that means a sensational appointment can’t be ruled out. Manchester United currently have several names on their managerial shortlist as they plan for a brighter future at Old Trafford. Ten Hag is the frontrunner for the post, with the Ajax boss recently holding talks with the Red Devils hierarchy where he discussed things such as their transfer budget, playing style and ideas for the future. Pochettino also can’t be ruled out, with the PSG boss facing an uncertain future at the Parc des Princes in the wake of their Champions League exit to Real Madrid. And links to Roberto Mancini and Julen Lopetegui have arisen, too. Enrique, meanwhile, has been mooted as a potential target having done well with Barcelona and Spain in recent years. And the Daily Mail say he’s attractive to the Red Devils from a financial perspective because he wouldn’t cost ‘top dollar’ to prise away from his position as Spain boss. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here That would suggest the Glazers don’t want to over-spend when it comes to their next boss. And that could add to the frustration of United supporters after a campaign that has been nothing short of abysmal under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. The Glazers have invested plenty of the years, spending big on deals for the likes of Paul Pogba, Harry Maguire, Jadon Sancho and Romelu Lukaku. But the fact they don’t want to spend ‘top dollar’ suggests they’re being frugal behind the scenes. United, as one of the biggest and richest clubs on the planet, have the money required to land just about anybody in world football. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Yet the Glazers don’t appear to be willing to shell out more cash on a managerial appointment, even if it could trigger a turnaround in fortune. Pochettino would cost in the region of £18m to lure away from PSG, whereas Ten Hag’s release clause at Ajax is close to £4m. It’s uncertain what United would have to pay to secure Enrique’s signature in comparison. Yet a reluctance to go for the best target, regardless of cost, sums up the mindset behind the scenes. Ten Hag is still the frontrunner for the post. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But Pochettino and Enrique can’t be ruled out, either, as United aim to get their appointment right. Meanwhile, earlier this month, former United star Louis Saha endorsed the potential appointment of Zinedine Zidane despite the club looking beyond the Frenchman. And he expressed a belief that Ten Hag may struggle to adjust to life in the Premier League and face issues when it comes to winning round their dressing room. "I like the idea of Zidane as he'll get the respect from the players,” he said. "But the Premier League is so difficult I'd expect even him to struggle at first. "Erik ten Hag has benefited from working at a well-run club in Ajax with a very clear structure. "He's got quality, he's got people around him, the Dutch are very knowledgeable in football but I'm sorry, United are a different animal to Ajax. "Ajax is a trampoline for big clubs, they are respected in world football, but they are not in that elite group. "They aren't Milan, they aren't Real Madrid, so most of the players won't know about him. They'll have heard of his name but that's about it. "Managing United is a different beast, we have seen some big names come in and get chewed out.”