More than a month into Russia’s invasion of its neighbouring country, the Kremlin has ordered its forces to step down their activity around Kyiv. Russian Deputy Defence Minister Alexander Fomin was quoted today, on Tuesday, as saying Moscow had decided to “fundamentally cut back military activity in the direction of Kyiv and Chernigiv [a city in northern Ukraine]… to increase mutual trust for future negotiations to agree and sign a peace deal with Ukraine”. Mr Zelensky described this step as “positive”. But, in a late-night address, he stressed much more had to be done before peace could be realised. Mr Zelensky said: “We can say the signals we are receiving from the talks are positive but they do not drown out the explosions of Russian shells.” He added that despite the vow from Moscow, “the situation has not become easier… “The Russian army still has significant potential to continue attacks against our state. “Therefore we are not reducing our defensive efforts.” His words echoed those of the Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, who stressed today Vladimir Putin’s words must be matched with actions. Mr Johnson’s spokesperson told reporters the cutting back of military activities was “largely because Ukrainian forces have been successfully pushing back the Russian offensives in the northwest of the city”. READ MORE: Huge explosion rocks Russia as sparks fly on border with Ukraine This suggested the UK Government believes the desire to allow more productive peace talks was merely an afterthought in the Kremlin. The Prime Minister’s spokesperson added: “Fighting continues. There's heavy bombardment in Mariupol and other areas. “So we don't want to see anything less than a complete withdrawal of Russian forces from Ukrainian territory.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Moscow later appeared to dial down its comments, with the head of Russia’s delegation, quoted by Max Seddon of the Financial Times, noting “de-escalation does not mean a ceasefire”. Mr Zelensky in turn insisted a peace deal could not work unless it involved Russian troops leaving Ukrainian territory. He also said there would be no compromise on Ukraine’s sovereignty. This came on the same day as reports of shelling outside the Russian city of Belgorod, this being only around 50 miles north of the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv which has become a well-known name in recent weeks. The cause of the explosions, which are understood to have taken place at a temporary military base, are currently unknown. Some suggest they were a result of an accident on Russia’s part, others that it was the result of Ukrainian shelling. Equally unclear are reports of casualties, with some suggesting none were hurt and others that at least four servicemen were wounded.