And it's a "crime" currently being perpetrated by overpaid, idle Home Office bureaucrats who are lounging at home instead of getting back to the office and doing what they're paid for. Their pathetic excuse for a refugee strategy has shamed this country - one with a long and noble history of kindness and compassion. We've managed to turn what should have been a mercy mission into a living hell for Ukrainians in what is now Europe's biggest refugee crisis since the war. And it's all thanks to a Home Office that isn't fit for purpose and whose regulations, until this week, meant either point blank refusing visas to desperate Ukrainians or demanding they fill in 14-page forms in a language they don't understand, in cities they can't get to because they have no money, no food and no transport. So, after a public battering, Priti Patel finally relaxed visa rules to allow those with passports and family in the UK to apply online for entry. But it only happened because our Government was humiliated by much smaller, poorer countries which acted quickly and compassionately. Boris Johnson, who is (mostly) behaving like the leader we always wanted him to be, tried to justify our snail's pace reaction, saying it's not as easy for us as it is for other countries to make things happen fast. Which is tosh! If a poor country like Moldova with a population of just 2.5millon can take in 150,000 refugees in a week then the fifth biggest economy in the world can slash the red tape currently throttling this nation's compassion - and do the same. Did we learn nothing from the evacuation of Kabul where many Afghans who had risked their lives to help Britain were left to die thanks to our bureaucratic incompetence? Yes, of course checks have to be made, as there will always be bad people coming here who want to do us harm. But with dead Ukrainians thrown into mass graves, hospitals bombed, kids killed in front of our eyes, the case for asylum is clear. These people aren't chancers pretending to be refugees - they're the real thing. And if ever there was a time for Boris to stick a rocket up the backsides of those Whitehall paper-shufflers and demand they return to work - or be fired - it's now. The Government is also asking British families to take in refugees and many will be falling over themselves to help. Thousands have already offered space, and thousands more will have by the time this goes to print. But many don't have space to house a family and wouldn't be able to commit for the minimum six months. Yes, people will help, but the Government can't make the refugees the public's responsibility. Plans need to be quickly put in place, money set aside, accommodation found, because this isn't a problem that will be resolved in weeks or even months.And why not scrap the rule saying these refugees can't work? They're a proud people and will want to. If Britain is going to prosper after Brexit we have to do better than this. We have to deal with our incompetent Home Office, which has shamed us in the eyes of the world. But most importantly we have to throw our arms around the people of Ukraine and show them it's their lives that matter - not our red tape! ----------------- ---------------- IN A "Welcome to Prison" initiative, inmates at six jails are being offered yoga and meditation sessions to relieve the stress of being banged up. "Coming straight from court and being thrown into an induction wing is very stressful," says Victoria Green from the Prison Phoenix Trust, which is heading the trial. It's supposed to be stressful, you silly woman. God forbid lags should think they're in prison to be punished because they did something terrible. God forbid prison should be difficult or unpleasant. So yes, let's de-stress them, maybe throw in a green juice and a few healthy canapes too. Let's treat them with the caring and respect they never showed their victims! ---------------- FORMER Commons Speaker John Bercow has been exposed as a towering bully and a serial liar this week and banned from Parliament for life. But a row has broken out over whether a portrait of him - commissioned to hang in Speaker's House at a cost of £37,000 to taxpayers - should carry a trigger warning on account of his bullying. I think I speak on behalf of most taxpayers when I say we're very happy to take a hit on the money if they forget the trigger warning, rip Bercow's ugly mug off the wall and throw the painting on the scrapheap where it can rot with the remains of his political career! ----------------- SUMMER MONRO turned down £1,000 from her granddad to eat a single pea. The 25-year from Cambridge, who says she suffers from a phobia called Avoidant Restrictive Food Intake Disorder, hasn't ever eaten a piece of fruit or veg because she says she was traumatised by being forced to eat mash aged three. Now she lives on chicken nuggets, chips and crisps. Isn't it funny that people's eating phobias always tend to be about fruit and veg. No-one's ever phobic about pizzas, chocolate or cream cakes. Summer says: "Doctors don't understand my condition." I bet they don't. In my day they called people like Summer "fussy eaters". What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- CAMERON DIAZ says she quit acting in 2014 because she was worn out by Tinseltown's demands and "Hollywood was a trap". It's a trap that's made her £90million as one of the most celebrated actresses in the world. Surely that kind of cash is worth a bit of hard work? But back in 2014 when she "retired" she was already 41 and the parts weren't what they once were. Maybe she was wise to bow out before ageist Hollywood bosses kicked her out? ----------------- SCIENTISTS have discovered that ants, as well as dogs, have a high potential for sniffing out cancer. That may be true but how are they going to tell us about it?