Pundit Sergey Mikheev also warned Russia would be able to conduct so-called "special operations" akin to the one in Ukraine in Poland and Lithuania. Vladimir Putin put his nuclear arsenal on high alert two days after the invasion began on February 24, sparking fears of impending nuclear war. Speaking to state-owned Russia 1, Mikheev said: "To Europe, to Europe, there is a simple thing we need to tell Europe. "You will get a nuclear strike if you gather some kind of peacekeeping contingent by NATO or decide to relocate it somewhere and so on and so forth. "This is going to be a nuclear war. And this is what was told by the French. You need to understand that." He continued: "Brave Poles, there will be nothing left of your Warsaw in 30 seconds. Brave Germans, so to say. Brave Estonians. Brave Baltics. "By the way, concerning the brave Baltics. I know there are serious problems in Kaliningrad at the border. Maybe it is relevant to establish a corridor to Kaliningrad? JUST IN: 'Outrageous' Sturgeon shamed for shunning Scotland's golden opportunity to 'replace Putin' "A corridor, an overland corridor to Kaliningrad. It seems to me that countries, as we call them, Lithuania and Poland, behave too boldly. Too boldly. "And they don't realise yet that we can, in fact, handle them way faster than we can take care of what we started in Ukraine." Political analysts have been suggesting Putin might seek to push his troops past Ukraine should they succeed in taking over large areas of the country. And Putin's chief spokesman Dmitry Peskow this week refused to rule out Moscow resorting to the use of nuclear weapons against Ukraine. READ MORE: Khan 'blindsided' by Putin: Pakistan left in cold after botched bid to 'outflank' India In an interview with CNN, Peskow was repeatedly asked about the use of non-conventional weaponry in Ukraine, conceding Putin could use nuclear "if it is an existential threat for our country." Peskow also insisted Russia's "special military operation", the term Moscow has been using to describe the invasion, was "going on strictly in accordance with the plans and the purposes that were established beforehand." Nearly a month into the conflict, Russia is reported to have lost at least six of its generals on the Ukrainian front. Footage online has shown Russian soldiers looting supermarkets amid reports of unsuitable rations, as well as of soldiers surrendering to Ukrainian defence forces. DON'T MISS:Jamaica seeking to remove Queen as head of state [REVEAL]Vladimir Putin could crush NHS, banking, and fuel [INSIGHT]Taiwan earthquake: Island rocked by 6.9 tremor [REVEAL] Western officials said Russia's troops were stalled around Kyiv but making some progress in the south and east. They added that Ukraine's defence forces are repelling Russian troops in some places but cannot roll them back. Moscow's combat power in Ukraine has declined below 90 percent of its pre-invasion levels, a senior US defence official said on Tuesday, without providing evidence. If confirmed, it would suggest heavy losses of weaponry and growing casualties. Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said at least 100,000 people wanted to leave Mariupol but could not. Ukraine says Russian shells, bombs, and missiles have struck a theatre, an art school, and other public buildings, burying hundreds of women and children sheltering in cellars. /news/world/1584753/vladimir-putin-Imran-khan-Pakistan-india-ukraine-war-invasion