Fuzz Townshend said some vehicles would have a “more pleasurable driving experience” if they were converted to electric cars. He also said some classic cars would also become “great” vehicles to use in modern cities. It comes as many larger cities have started introducing Clean Air Zones which issue heavy daily fees to non-compliant vehicles. This often means owners of historic vehicles either have to put up with heavy rates or sell their classics to continue driving in their local area. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “In some cases, some classics will be made better by putting an electric motor in. “Things like, I’d argue, old Fiat 500’s. READ MORE: Classic car owners should not feel ‘threatened by EV conversions' “An old BMW Isetta 300’s, little bubble cars and stuff like that. “You start them up and they feel like a washing machine on a spin cycle with brick inside of them. “If you put an electric motor and some low mounted batteries it would be better grounded. “They would be much more pleasurable driving experiences. DON'T MISSHow classic car owners could increase their vehicle value by £100,000 [INSIGHT]Classic Mini runs on 10 times more power after EV conversion [PICS]Classic car owners face £35,000 bill for electric conversion [ANALYSIS] “And they would be great in modern towns and cities.” His CAR SOS co-host Tim Fuzz said classic car owners should not be “threatened by EV conversions”. He added: “If you see it as an alternative as opposed to an instead of, you'll accept them and enjoy it as a form of transport. “That's what people need to do… have fun with them.” Restorers at Lunaz claim demand for classic car conversion is high as many look to swap out their internal combustion engine for an EV motor. They said although the market was “niche”, order books were full and there was roughly a 48-month waiting list for orders. Last year, Electrogenic warned classic car conversion would soon become “increasingly important” among owners. Owner Steve Drummond said: “We get enquiries from people who have their perfect 1970s classic Porsche, matching number plates, all immaculate. “They want it to look the same but electric so they can travel into London. “You can start to see a whole mixed economy of classics.” Car S.O.S returns to National Geographic with a new Season 10 airing Thursdays at 8pm from 10th March