 Michael Gove, the Levelling Up Secretary, announced that more than 3,000 UK visas have already been issued to Ukrainian refugees and praised the Family Scheme and the New Homes for Ukraine Scheme. The Family Scheme states: “From Tuesday it will be the case that the majority of people will no longer need to apply for visas and visa application centres, we’ll accept Ukrainian passports, people will be able to come into this country.   “As well as the number of people who are coming in through the Family Scheme, which is rapidly expanded, there’s a ‘New Homes for Ukraine’ scheme which also has no cap to the number of people who can come here.” According to Michael Gove, British households can fill out an application to sponsor refugees from Monday and should be matched with a refugee by Friday. He said to expect the first refugees to arrive under this scheme within a week and noted that “tens of thousands” of refugees would be allowed into the UK under the uncapped scheme. When asked if he would apply to house a Ukrainian refugee, Michael Gove said he was “exploring” the options of personally housing a refugee.   The First Minister of Scotland noted the lack of details about the scheme and said she is “worried that it will be slow and cumbersome (people will need sponsors arranged before entry to the UK)”. Nicola Sturgeon was also asked about housing a refugee herself and a spokesperson for the Scottish government stated that: “If needed, the First Minister would be willing to play her part in offering refuge. “We are still pressing the UK Government to go further and faster on accepting refugees fleeing Ukraine – but we do not yet have details from them on how a scheme will work and what scope there may need to be for asking individuals or families to provide shelter.” The First Minister has repeatedly urged the UK Government to remove the bureaucratic red tape of the visa application process for those fleeing their besieged nation. READ MORE:Solar storm warning: Earth faces 'triple threat' from space as 'dir...  On Twitter she stated: “If the UK gov is not willing (wrongly in my view) to waive visa requirements for Ukrainians seeking refuge as other countries have done, it is vital that its community sponsorship scheme is easy to use, fast, humane and safe.” A joint letter from the First Ministers of Scotland and Wales to the Secretary for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, Scotland and Wales have proposed to become “super sponsors” in response to “serious questions which have not yet been answered” about the humanitarian sponsorship scheme, which does not go “far enough” in the eyes of the First Ministers. DON'T MISS:POLL: Would you provide a room for a Ukrainian refugee? VOTE HERE (POLL)Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home (INSIGHT)Princess Beatrice and Eugenie display 'fierce loyalty' as 'best friend (ANALYSIS)  The letter explained how super sponsorship would work: “In this context a fair and proportionate number of refugees would be allocated to Scotland and Wales and the Scottish and Welsh Governments, working with their partners, would take forward the provision of accommodation, safeguarding and access to services as they have done successfully to support refugees in the past.” Under this super sponsorship offer, Ms Sturgeon expressed that it “would allow significant numbers to arrive here quickly and be temporarily accommodated” and that Scotland had notified the UK Government of its preparedness to “welcome 3000 Ukrainians as an immediate step”. The First Minister stated: “What matters most is getting them here quickly, safely and with minimum bureaucracy and maximum support.” 