Ms Purkiss told Jeremy Vine: "The idea of monarchy and the Royal Family all it does is to install classism, elitism, division, inequality." Mr Parry asked: "What about leadership...leading by example?" "They don't set an example," argued Ms Purkiss. "The Queen sets an example because she wears a diamond-encrusted hat, a lovely example!" Mr Parry replied: "The Commonwealth has benefited from its alliances with the United Kingdom and with Britain. "We've given them legal systems, we've given them aid hundreds of millions of pounds. "They benefit from being in the Commonwealth and many of them wanted to stay." It comes as Prince William acknowledged the monarchy's days in Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas may be numbered as he said the future "is for the people to decide upon". In a statement reflecting on the end of the royal tour of the Caribbean, the future king emphasised that who Commonwealth nations choose to be leader "isn't what is on my mind", adding that what concerns him is its potential to "create a better future for the people who form it". He stressed that he and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, are "committed to service" and see their role as supporting people, "not telling them what to do". The statement might be interpreted as a response to days of criticism the couple faced during their eight-day tour, from accusations that Belize locals were not consulted about a royal engagement to calls for slavery reparations in Jamaica. The couple were also accused of being "tone deaf" after they were seen shaking hands with crowds behind a wire mesh fence Kingston, and images of the pair riding in the back of a Land Rover were denounced as harking back to colonial days. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] Media coverage of the tour has been split, with some emphasising the positive impact of their presence in the Caribbean, while others described the fence photograph as a "PR disaster". The duke said in his statement: "I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. In Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. "But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them. "Catherine and I are committed to service. For us that's not telling people what to do. It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have."