Co-founders Finn Lagun and Alessandro Savelli entered the Den in 2017 seeking £75,000 in exchange for 2.5 percent of their company Pasta Evangelists, but all Dragons turned them down due to their “crazy valuations”. Despite the ridicule from the Dragons, the entrepreneurs did not give up, and were able to turn over millions of pounds in just four years after leaving the Den. In 2017, they turned over £79,000, but by 2021 they were able to grow this and turnover £21million. Many aspiring entrepreneurs may have felt like giving up after being “humiliated” on national TV, however there is a lot of growth and strength that can come from rejection. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Finn Lagun about what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur. He offered his top tips to other entrepreneurs based off his own experiences of running a business and the rejection he faced. He said: “Perseverance is key as rejection can be really soul crushing. “Myself and Alessandro probably had around 200 to 300 investor meetings and it’s about accepting from the get go that most of these investor meetings end in failure, so you have to persevere. “It’s important to stay in touch with investors. Just because one tells me no today, doesn’t mean in six months time it will be a no. Something could change within your business that is a game changer. "Check in with them again in six months and ask for feedback - ask them for feedback. You can’t give up - it can be soul crushing when you hear, ‘No we don’t believe in your business,’ but just keep going.” READ MORE: Attendance Allowance set to increase by over £145 in April - how to claim When asked about specific qualities a successful entrepreneur needs, Finn mentioned empathy, the ability to move quickly and a ferocious appetite for growth. He said: “Very few entrepreneurs are the 'full package' and we all have blind spots; things we are simply not very good at. “A successful entrepreneur is a strong communicator and is able to inspire others to join their mission and fill in any gaps in the entrepreneur's skill set. They push for every day to be bigger than the last and tirelessly look for ways to drive growth in their business. “An employee is less likely to let you down if you are empathetic to them and take a sincere interest in them as an individual. “To succeed, entrepreneurs need to be able to identify, and seize, opportunities as they arise. Deliberating for too long can see a great opportunity pass you by and, worse, be seized on by a competitor.” After hundreds of rejections, Pasta Evangelists were able to secure the funding they needed to make their business a success. Many entrepreneurs could face a high level rejection before catching a break, but this time will never last. Finn discussed how he dealt with rejection, and continued to stay motivated when things did not go his way. He said: “First and foremost, accept that things haven't gone to plan - there's no point refusing to accept failure or being defensive about it. Accepting failure is actually a key ingredient for future success as, if you don't understand what's gone wrong, the opportunity to fix it will be out of reach. “Have perspective - ultimately, very few businesses deal with matters of life and death! In comparison with challenges faced by those in other professions (take child safeguarding or surgery, for instance), the vicissitudes of entrepreneurship are usually mild. It is important not to be so self-indulgent that you imagine your problems eclipse those faced by others. This perspective helps you to breathe and understand that your challenges can be overcome. “Try a different approach - very few problems in business are completely insurmountable. If at first you don't succeed, try a different approach. Try to see failure as exciting: it means you get to be creative and come up with new ideas to solve a problem.” Pasta Evangelists were able to take advantage of the pandemic and grow their business over night. They did not “buckle under the pressure,” instead they were determined to serve their customers and take as many orders as they could whilst being safe. This is what ultimately led to their growth. Fin added: “Our e-commerce online business was taking £200,000 a month in February 2020, but at the end of march 2020, we took £900k roughly. It grew like four or five times overnight.” In 2021, Pasta Evangelists was reportedly sold for £40million. Fin added: “Our e-commerce online business was taking £200,000 a month in February 2020, but at the end of march 2020, we took £900,000 roughly. It grew like four or five times overnight.” “You can’t give up - it can be soul crushing when you hear ‘No we don’t believe in your business,’ but just keep going.”