  Claudia Jessie, who plays Eloise in Bridgerton, admitted that she “cried so much” when she went for her dress fitting for the hit Netflix show. Speaking to Tatler, the actress remembered trying on her costumes when she was first selected to join one of TV’s most famous families.      Bridgerton is returning to Netflix later this month on March 25 and the new series has already set tongues wagging. Claudia, who plays the bright, rebellious Eloise Bridgerton is set to re-appear alongside her co-star Nicola Coughlan, who plays Penelope Featherington. Following the exciting reveal of Lady Whistledown last season and the exit of fan favourite the Duke of Hastings (Regé-Jean Page) fans are eager to see what will happen next. One element of the show that fans have loved so far is the stunning costume design, which boasts a number of decadent dresses made of expensive-looking fabrics. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     In an interview with Tatler, Jessie was asked what it was like to wear some of the most luxuriant dresses known to mankind - and her response was surprisingly emotional. “I cried a lot when I’d wear them," she admitted. “When I tried them on in fittings, I remember one particular dress I was like, ‘I feel so lucky to be wearing this.’ “And they said, ‘Do you want to go around and meet all the people who made this?’      “And I did, sobbing. Unbelievable,” the actress reflected. The interview also revealed that Jessie grew up in London with her mother working diligently to support the family through various cleaning jobs. Ruminating on how similar she might be to her character, Claudia added: “My mum thinks I’m a lot like Eloise, and you know, she raised me, so probably dealt with me when I was Eloising about, being a terror.” On the show, Eloise [removed surname] is the fifth eldest Bridgerton sibling and second daughter out of a family of eight, not including their mother Violet, Dowager Viscountess Bridgerton. READ MORE... ‘Putin is laughing' Piers Morgan slams ‘pathetically spineless’ Europe [NEWS] Martin Kemp health: Star, 60, on medication for 'rest of his life' [UPDATE] Mark Labbett 'jealous' over Anne Hegerty's big announcement [NEWS]      Eloise’s character differs from the other girls around her, as while sister Daphne swoons over the Duke of Hastings and her friend Penelope pines over her brother Colin, she has no interest in settling down. Instead, the booksmart Eloise becomes obsessed with the idea of tracking down the mysterious Lady Whistledown, who regularly publishes the most scandalous gossip in town under a pseudonym. Last season was primarily focused on Simon (the Duke of Hastings) and Daphne’s love story. However, season 2 will revolve around the eldest Bridgerton brother Anthony (Jonathan Bailey) and his quest to find a bride.     On his mission, Daphne and Eloise’s stubborn, dutiful brother is set to encounter the stunning Sharma sisters, Kate (played by Sex Education star Simone Ashley) and Edwina (Charithra Chandran). Bridgerton is based on a series of novels by Julia Quinn, all of which take place in Regency era London. The April issue of Tatler is available on newsstands and via digital download today. Bridgerton returns to Netflix on March 25.   