Dean Stanley, of Buckinghamshire, admitted to 17 counts of fly-tipping between March 2019 and January 2020. The serial dumper left furniture, beds and building waste across Hillingdon and Sutton in London, and his own county. A councillor described his actions as showing “contempt and utter disregard” for residents. His accomplice in one count of fly-tipping, Bradley Caswell, of Slough, was also sentenced. Mr Stanley used his two Transit vans – one white, one red – to profit from picking up residents’ waste material. However, rather than dispose of it properly, he would leave it in open green spaces, the court found. READ MORE: 'Gobsmacked' gran fined £400 for FLYTIPPING after charity donation Eyewitnesses and CCTV footage caught Mr Stanley using his Transit tipper vans to fly-tip. The three local authorities then united to bring an end to his “deliberate and flagrant” campaign. Mr Stanley, of Iver, was sentenced at Aylesbury Crown Court to 21 months for each of the 16 offences, to run concurrently. He was sentenced to a further 14 months for an offence in Sutton, also to run concurrently. The court also ordered that his white van be seized. Mr Caswell, the second defendant, appeared at the same hearing, after fly-tipping alongside Mr Stanley on Long Lane, in Uxbridge, in October 2019. Convicted of the count, Mr Caswell was given a fine of £500, and ordered to pay £720 compensation and court costs of a further £500. Cllr John Riley, a cabinet member in Hillingdon Council for public safety, said: “This is a fantastic piece of partnership working that has ended Mr Stanley’s campaign of contempt and utter disregard for the boroughs where he was dumping and their residents. DON'T MISSBoris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [REPORT]Sturgeon forced to ditch SNP branding - same as Putin's Navy flag [INSIGHT]Russian losses: The REAL stats as Ukraine figures show heavy damage [ANALYSIS] “Bringing fly-tippers to justice can be tricky for local authorities as they’ll often act under cover of darkness and won't leave anything that identifies them. “In the case of Mr Stanley, he was so driven by profiting from dumping waste, he let his guard down. “We're very grateful for the help of our colleagues in Sutton and Buckinghamshire and the residents who have helped us make this case a success. “This sentence should serve as a warning that we will take the strongest possible course of action against those who choose to use our beautiful borough as a dumping ground.” Removalists usually need a valid license from the Environment Agency to carry waste legally. Joining the waste carrier register costs £154, and must be renewed every three years for a further £105. Waste compliance experts recommend homeowners check a carrier’s license before they remove any rubbish. In 2019-20, local authorities in England dealt with just under a million incidents of fly-tipping. Around two thirds of that – 632,000 incidents – were found to involve household waste. The Government warns that homeowners can be fined up to £400 if they pass their waste to an unlicensed waste carrier which is subsequently fly-tipped.