Kate has granted her family privacy while also allowing royal fans and members of the public to get to know a bit more her children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, according to Kensington Palace curator Claudia Acott Williams. And she has done so by embracing her love for photography and putting it to use. Ms Williams told Us Weekly: "She has started releasing her own photographs of her children as a way of sharing their progress with the public." She added: "By releasing her own photographs, she’s kind of maintaining an element of control and privacy for them." Kate normally publishes through Kensington Palace's official social media accounts snaps of her children to mark their birthdays. However, during the past years, the Duchess has also marked other key days, including Prince William's birthdays and Father's Day, with photos she has taken. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here The author of The Crown in Focus believes that, by sharing pictures she has taken, Kate is providing the public with a "mother's view" of George, Charlotte and Louis which no other photographer could have. She said: "That’s unusual. That’s an intimacy that we don’t often get. "It creates a unique perspective. It is very clever. "It really allows the public in a very intimate way, while still allowing them to maintain the privacy of family life." READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s common skin complaint left her bullied as a teenager Kate revealed last summer her love for photography is not always shared within her household. During a call with a Newport mum and fellow photographer, Ceri Edwards, the Duchess said: "Everyone’s like, ‘Mummy, please stop taking photographs!’" Kate's conversation with Ms Edwards was part of a series of calls with some of the finalists of the Hold Still photography contest launched by the Duchess in May 2020.  The contest called on people across the UK to submit snaps depicting life during the first national lockdown. Hold Still was carried out in collaboration with the National Portrait Gallery, of which Kate is the patron. This initiative, which one year after its launch saw the publication of a photography book including the photographs of the 100 finalists handpicked by a panel of judges, is just one of the ways Kate also used her hobby as part of her public work. In 2019, the Queen acknowledged Kate's love for photography by passing on to her the patronage of the Royal Photographic Society. Prior to the Duchess, Her Majesty held this patronage for 67 years. Kate and Prince William reportedly want to provide their children with a childhood as normal as possible and normally keep them far from the limelight. However, they appear to have recently started to introduce Prince George to royal duties by putting together engagements with his love for sports. The third-in-line to the throne was front and centre during two England matches held at Wembley during last year's EURO2020 tournament. Like his father, the eight-year-old donned a suit and tie for the occasion. Last month, George accompanied his parents to Twickenham Stadium to watch the England v Scotland Six Nations match. But prior to the clash, George also joined a meeting with representatives of the England and Welsh rugby team organisations, during which he spoke about his own training and love for rugby.