The Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office (FCDO) is undergoing a major reform to help it focus on the crisis in Ukraine. Ministers believe Russia's invasion represents a geopolitical shift that the Government must quickly adapt to. Earlier this month Ms Truss described the war as "a paradigm shift on the scale of 9/11". She added: "How we respond today will set the pattern for this new era." Foreign Office staff were told a reorganisation of the department would see a series of high profile personnel changes, including the appointment of a second permanent undersecretary. But the planned changes have already caused division within Whitehall, with the FCDO’s director-general for Africa, Moazzam Malik, having "declined a role in this revised structure". READ MORE: Liz Truss shames China in furious warning to President Xi Jinping It is thought Mr Malik did not agree with the new structure being taken by Ms Truss. Stephanie Draper, CEO at Bond, a UK network for organisations working in international development, described the resignation as "a real blow to the department". She warned the Government's international development programme risked suffering from the restructure. "The changes present worrying signs for the FCDO's ability to deal with the root causes of insecurity and instability through international development – development that was supposed to be at the heart of the merged department," she said. "With the current crisis in Ukraine, the FCDO now risks buckling under the weight of crisis after crisis, while grappling with extreme poverty, climate change, and the global recovery from the pandemic. "Malik has been vital to the merger since day one, so his resignation is a real blow to the department and to our relationship with Africa." DON'T MISS:MORE Russian generals could die - Western officials unveil reason [INSIGHT]Putin turmoil as Russian soldiers 'refuse to come home' [UPDATE]Vladimir Putin eyeing up use of chemical weapons - 'Be on our guard' [WARNING] The structure is the second time in less than two years that a restructure has taken place at the department. In June 2020 Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced the Department for International Development and the Foreign Office would merge. Back then the decision caused concern the Government was sidelining international aid. Ministers have always disputed this claim, saying the merger would help ensure foreign policy and development policy were more strategically aligned. The latest changes at the Department have again caused concern that not enough attention is being paid to international aid. Changes taking place as part of the restructure include appointing the FCDO’s political director Tim Barrow to a newly created permanent undersecretary position alongside Philip Barton, who currently holds the role. Nick Dyer, currently FCDO’s special envoy for famine prevention and humanitarian affairs, will become director general for humanitarian and development issues. Meanwhile, Thomas Drew, who is currently director general for the Middle East, North Africa, Afghanistan, and Pakistan, will take a leading role in the response to Ukraine. He will be responsible for defence and intelligence, coordinating the department’s work on Russia and Ukraine.