The programme, entitled Edward VIII: Britain’s Traitor King, uses evidence from captured German documents held in the Royal Archives to paint a damning picture of the former monarch. The Duke of Windsor, who stepped down as King on December 10, 1936, less than a year into his reign, is also accused of passing information to Adolf Hitler’s regime and of encouraging a plot to put him on the throne. At the time, Edward was living in Paris, and known to have written four reports detailing poor leadership and morale in the French First Army. The documentary, largely based on the work of historian Andrew Lownie, further suggests in 1940 Edward passed information, possibly unwittingly, to a Nazi sympathiser, which exposed weaknesses in the French defensive lines. Germany conquered France that year after a six-week campaign. During the film, Jane Ridley, a professor of modern history at the University of Buckingham, claims: “[The Duke] knew, when he boasted about the inadequacy of French war defences, that this would go back to Germany”. A telegram sent by Prime Minister Winston Churchill to the Duke in July 1940 after the fall of France seems to threaten him with court-martial, the documentary reveals. The documentary also reveals a telegram from Winston Churchill to the Duke of Windsor In July 1940, following the fall of France, in which he appears to threaten the ex-monarch with a court-martial. During the course of the German invasion, Edward and his wife moved to Portugal, where they continued to mingle with German agents and sympathisers, including Ricardo Espirito Santo, a wealthy banker known to have compiled reports for the Nazis. In one diplomatic cable sent to Lisbon by the German ambassador, the Duke is said to have informed Spanish agents that “continued severe bombing would make England ready for peace”. The cable also suggests the Duke believed the war would have been prevented had he not been forced to abdicate, and that he was being kept away from England to stop him boosting “English friends of peace”. Shortly afterwards, Churchill made him Governor of the Bahamas, effectively banishing him  from Europe. On the way to the Caribbean, more captured German documents indicate Edward sent a coded telegram to Espirito Santo saying that he was willing to come back to Europe. Dr Lownie believes the message was connected to Operation Willie, a German plan to make the Duke King once more as head of a puppet state. If accurate, the telegram appears to contradict suggestions that the Duke was unaware of this plot, Dr Lownie claims. • Edward VIII: Britain’s Traitor King is on Channel 4 at 8pm on Sunday (March 27).