The 46th US President will travel to the continent next week for face-to-face talks with European leaders about the Russian invasion of Ukraine, White House press secretary Jen Psaki announced on Tuesday. Mr Biden will join other Western leaders at a summit in Brussels on March 24.  He will also attend a scheduled European Union meeting on the same day for discussions on further sanctions which could be imposed on Russia and on humanitarian efforts to help Ukraine. Ms Psaki said: "While he's there, his goal is to meet in person, face-to-face, with his European counterparts and talk about, assess where we are at this point in the conflict in the invasion of Ukraine by Russia. "We've been incredibly aligned to date. "That doesn't happen by accident.   "The president is a big believer in face-to-face diplomacy. "So it's an opportunity to do exactly that." Reacting to Mr Biden's latest plans to Europe, the political analyst Nile Gardiner tweeted: "Biden should have been rallying the NATO alliance before the Russian invasion of Ukraine. "The Biden approach has been slow off the mark, heavily reactive, and not based upon a deterrence approach. READ MORE: Kim's terrified of Russia: North Korea fears invasion and will neve...  "Biden will go to Europe next week for NATO summit." The US has repeatedly called Russia's attack on Ukraine "unprovoked and unjustified". Ms Psaki said Mr Biden would use the visit to "reaffirm our ironclad commitment to our NATO allies". Meanwhile, the US president has brought together Europe, Canada and other allies to issue wide-ranging sanctions on Russia's oil, gas, financial and tech sectors, wealthy Russian oligarchs and political and military officials from both Russia and Belarus. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: William shows ‘anxiety’ at eventPutin could be suffering from ‘roid rage’ from cancer drugsQueen may skip Prince Philip’s memorial as fresh health fears loom Belarus, which is led by Alexander Lukashenko, has supported Moscow's invasion efforts. Canada and the US announced more individuals and entities would be sanctioned on Tuesday. Mr Biden also signed a piece of funding legislation which includes a "historic" $13.6billion military and humanitarian aid package for Ukraine. The US has also been providing anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons. Biden said while signing the bill that the US will be doing more and he would outline details of the plan on Wednesday. The POTUS said: "With this new security funding, and the drawdown authorities in this bill, we're moving urgently to further augment the support the brave people of Ukraine as they defend their country. "I'll have much more to say about this tomorrow [Wednesday] about exactly what we're doing in Ukraine." Mr Biden said the US has provided $293m in humanitarian aid to Ukraine and neighbouring countries in the past few weeks and is airlifting tonnes of emergency supplies to staging centres in the region. 