With fuel prices exceeding £2.00 per litre in some parts of the nation, rising petrol costs have caused alarm, and added an extra financial worry as the cost of living in Britain surges. The war in Ukraine has also seen markets fluctuate wildly, with petrol prices and other energy sources being adversely affected by the conflict.  However, a simple hack described in the Highway Code is now coming back into prominence in an attempt to cut back on fuel costs. By simply turning off the engine while stationary, motorists could save hundreds of pounds. According to experts, the simple trick can save up to £150 a year. The effective act also brings benefits to the wider environment, as with less fuel burning, fewer emissions are being pumped into the atmosphere.  Current average prices for a litre of petrol in the UK currently stand at £1.65, yet this varies widely depending on geographical location and forecourt ownership. MotorEasy founder and CEO Duncan McClure Fisher said: “One thing many people do that is entirely unnecessary is to leave their engine idling. "This can be done first thing in the morning to ‘warm it up’ or when stuck in traffic. "Even dropping off something at a friend’s house can see people leave the motor running instead of turning off the ignition. “While this might seem very innocent, research has shown an idling engine can burn through three to four pence of fuel a minute. "If you are doing 10 minutes of warming up, five days a week, and spending another 30 minutes per week stuck in traffic – that adds up to a very handy £166 a year that’s being wasted.”  READ MORE:Tesco shopper fills car up with cooking oil as petrol prices surge Figures from data firm Experian Catalist show the average cost of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts has increased by 16p in the past month. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: "With the spring statement just a week away, drivers will be looking to the Chancellor to end their misery by cutting duty or VAT. "One thing's for sure: simply reiterating that fuel duty has been frozen at 58 pence a litre simply isn't going to cut it." Diesel prices have also increased. The fuel jumped to a record £1.76 per litre on Tuesday, up from almost £1.74 on Monday. DON'T MISS:Putin invasion in tatters as Russian tanks decimated [REPORT]Mum, 34, had Covid jab - and later died of brain bleed [INSIGHT]Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelensky [REVEAL] Mr Williams also suggested shopping around for cheaper fuel, recommending supermarket forecourts over big-brand rivals. He said: "We continue to remain hopeful that retailers will soon start to pass on recent reductions in the price of wholesale fuel to drivers when they next buy supply. “That ought to lead to petrol stabilising at around 160p while diesel ought to stay where it is based on current wholesale prices.”  The RAC has called on the chancellor to cut fuel duty or VAT in his upcoming Spring Statement. According to Lookers.co.uk, motorists can also save on petrol costs with these handy tips. 1. Accelerate smoothly2. Make fewer trips3. Don’t carry unnecessary weight4. Go easy on the accelerator5. Maintain the speed limit6. Check tyre pressure7. Turn off the air conditioning8. Close windows9. Change gear earlier10. Car sharing 