Tottenham are willing to explore a deal for Lautaro Martinez for a second time, but the striker would reportedly favour a move to Atletico Madrid. The 24-year-old frontman was the subject of strong interest from Spurs last summer as they looked to partner Martinez with Harry Kane in north London. They even had a £60million offer accepted by Inter Milan before a deal dramatically collapsed. The Italian champions opted to sell Romelu Lukaku to Chelsea - instead of strike partner Martinez - to ease their financial problems. Now Gianluca Di Marzio claims Spurs are interested in reigniting talks over a deal this summer. It did not take them long to strike a deal with Inter in early August, meaning negotiations could potentially pick up where they left off. READ MORE: Tottenham 'reignite interest' in Euro 2020 star Mikkel Damsgaard after five-month lay-off However, Martinez has since signed a new long-term contract with Inter back in October. His £98m release clause is no longer existent though having been removed from the terms of his deal. Spurs are seemingly determined to make a statement in the summer transfer window to ensure Antonio Conte stays put at the club. The Italian worked with Martinez during his time at the San Siro, where the pair won the Scudetto together. READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview That could work in Tottenham's favour if they are to make a play for the centre-forward once again, as anticipated. The duo had an excellent professional relationship and Conte helped elevate Martinez's game to the next level. That said, it's claimed Martinez would favour a move to Atletico Madrid over the Premier League The chance to link up with countryman Diego Simeone would prove too hard to refuse after nearly four years in Milan. Barcelona had previously been hellbent on signing Lautaro to replace Luis Suarez but failed to pull off a move. It remains to be seen whether they'd be interested in re-exploring a deal given Erling Haaland is top of their striker shortlist. Arsenal have also been linked with Lautaro, who fired a brilliant winner for Inter in their 1-0 Champions League win at Anfield earlier this month. Inter still crashed out of the competition, however, after losing the first-leg 2-0 at San Siro.