The Dropout is soon to arrive on Disney+, starring the likes of Mamma Mia! actress Amanda Seyfried in the role of scandalous businesswoman Elizabeth Holmes. The billionaire's company promised to create technology where just a few drops of blood could detect hundreds of conditions including cancer and diabetes. At one point, Theranos was valued at more than $9 billion and took money from major investors such as media boss Rupert Murdoch and tech giant Larry Ellison. Holmes claimed that she could "change the world" with this cutting-edge technology and received worldwide praise. She graced the covers of Forbes and Inc. magazines, travelled by private jet and was quickly labelled as the female Steve Jobs. However, things started to go wrong for her when staff member Tyler Schultz raised his concerns about the practices at Theranos with New York's public health lab. It was then in 2015 that Schultz leaked information to the Wall Street Journal which went on to publish a shocking feature on the secret company, exposing the fact that the technology just wasn't there. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series Three years later and she was indicted on felony charges before being found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud against investors and three charges of wire fraud in January 2022. Holmes faced 11 charges in total but wasn't found guilty of four charges which related to defrauding the public. According to the BBC, the three wire fraud charges Holmes was found guilty of were tied to specific investors in the company. The BBC added: "Wire fraud is a relatively wide-ranging federal crime in the US, which involves using electronic communications, such as emails, to make false statements to get something from another person - usually money." When the verdict was given at the beginning of the year, Holmes denied all the charges. She will be sentenced on September 26, 2022, where the maximum prison sentence for the charges is 20 years. Holmes was not taken into custody following the trial and has remained out of prison throughout the legal process. Instead, she has been spending her time with her loved ones. DON'T MISS...Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with? [RELATIONSHIP]The Dropout cast: Who is in the Disney Plus series? [CAST]Star Wars leak: Marvel star 'will replace' Daisy Ridley as Rey [EXPLAINER] Holmes, who is now 37, has been living in San Francisco with her 29-year-old husband Billy Evans. He is an heir to a hospitality fortune as his grandparents founded the Evans Hotel Group which, according to its website, is the "premiere provider of resort accommodations" in Southern California. They got married in 2019 and welcomed their son in July last year. The first three episodes of The Dropout are going to be released on Thursday, March 3. After that, the remaining four will be released on the streaming service every Thursday. So fans can expect the full season to be out by the end of this month. The Dropout premieres on Thursday, March 3, on Disney+.