Amy Barlow (played by Elle Mulvaney) and Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan) have had to keep their relationship a secret on Coronation Street after Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) and Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) warned her about dating the former drug dealer. The young couple will soon shock Tracy and Steve in upcoming episodes of the ITV soap as they find it increasingly harder to hide their love from residents of Weatherfield. With Amy rekindling her relationship with bad boy Jacob, all she wants to do is spend more time with him. Viewers will remember that Steve and Tracy found out about the relationship a few weeks back. Not happy with their relationship, they applied some pressure, forcing the couple to break up, even if only momentarily. Next week Tracy wants to spend some quality time with her daughter, which throws a spanner in the works with her plans to see Jacob. Read More: Jeremy Clarkson sparks frenzy as he crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour  Trying to sneak some quality time together, she discloses to Jacob that she'll try and get away from her parents so they can meet up later. In the scenes that will unravel next week, Amy's plan is soon thwarted when her excuse falls through. Amy tells Steve that she is going to Emma Brooker's (Alexandra Mardell) however, he informs her that he saw Emma heading to the tram station. Will keeping their relationship a secret become too much with plans already starting to fold?  Aggravated by the situation, she rushes out to the ginnel to explain to Jacob that she couldn't see him as her dad's at home. To break the news to her parents, Amy arranges a lunch in the bistro with both Steve and Tracy. Not expecting what happens next, their daughter arrives with boyfriend Jacob. In true Tracy style, her temper comes out as she threatens to leave. DON’T MISS…Coronation Street icon Bethany Platt to return for Adam Barlow's funeral?[SPOILERS]The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one[LATEST]'Never cover it' Star Trek expert shares biggest Lucille Ball 'pet peeve' [LATEST] Steve manages to stop her as he highlights that she is 18 and can do whatever she likes and that she probably will. Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) spots the happy couple and reminds them that Jacob almost destroyed her family. His attempts at grooming her adoptive son Simon (Alex Bain) into criminal activity still cut deep for Leanne. Is their relationship doomed before it even fully begins despite the love for each other?  As the awkward meal ends, the pair admit they're in love. Amy tries her best to convince her father that Jacob has a gentle side but is sadly proven wrong when moments later, outside the bistro they see Jacob punching Simon (Alex Bain). Steve asserts that she needs to choose between Jacob and her family. What will Amy do? Will that be the final blow to Jacob and Amy's relationship? Or, will the young couple decide to leave their families behind so they can carry on as a couple? Coronation Street currently airs Mondays, Wednesdays at 7:30pm and 8:30pm and Fridays at 7:30pm for an hour on ITV.    