Strictly Come Dancing champion Kelvin Fletcher, who also stars in his own TV show, Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure, was delighted to learn that the new addition to their family came in the shape of not just one new baby, but two. However the former Emmerdale star has now learnt the gender of the eagerly anticipated duo, who promise to be double trouble. The 38-year-old already had one child of each gender prior to Liz's pregnancy - five-year-old daughter Marnie and three-year-old son Milo. He had already made it clear that he'd be delighted about the news no matter what gender the pair turned out to be, telling Hello! jubilantly: "We've already got the best of both worlds with Marnie and Milo, so I didn't mind either way." However that doesn't mean he was any less excited to make the big discovery, having described it as a "miracle". Kelvin and Liz confimed that they were thrilled to be expecting two baby boys. READ NOW: Sally Nugent 'stopped in tracks' over BBC Breakfast admission However Kelvin did sheepishly suggest that he may have harboured a wish for at least one of their new arrivals to be a girl. "You wanted another daddy's girl!" Liz joked. The family of four cut cake in celebration of the next chapter in their lives, while Marnie and Milo grinned happily at the discovery. Liz was as enthused as her husband and children, if a little daunted, admitting: "I felt every single emotion under the sun." Katherine Ryan baffled why people are 'aggravated' by Meghan Markle [LATEST] However he has now combined that with the joys of the quiet countryside, leaving the pair to juggle raising human babies and cattle such as alpacas, alongside their showbiz lives. Kelvin has an action-packed summer coming up starring in Jack Absolute Flies Again at the National Theatre, though rehearsals are scheduled to begin soon after Liz gives birth. Having twins isn't going to daunt Kelvin too much however, as he admitted to BBC Breakfast: "We don't really do things by halves!" He did concede to Hello! that combining the play with farming and raising his family of four "may bring some challenges", but remains excited for what the future holds. The new arrivals are due to be welcomed to the world in spring. Kelvin and Liz also revealed the children have had their own say on the upcoming births, even suggesting names for them. Sonic and Nemo are among their choices, although Liz laughed that she is adamant that those "won't be used". That leaves a question mark over what the baby boys will be called - so another big reveal will no doubt happen in the months to come.