A boxing promoter has presented Anthony Joshua with an "intriguing" choice of opponent for a bout while he waits for a rematch with Oleksandr Usyk. AJ is set to get the chance to win his belts back from the Ukrainian, but a rematch looks likely to be delayed while the champion defends his country. Usyk flew back to Ukraine to defend the capital Kyiv from Russian forces, who launched a full-scale invasion of the country on February 24. He joined other Ukrainian boxers in taking up arms, including Vasiliy Lomachenko and retired brothers Vitaly and Wladimir Klitschko. It is uncertain for how long the fighting will last and Usyk will be defending his country, putting the expected date for a rematch in May or June in serious doubt. At the moment, it is unclear what a lengthy period of inactivity would mean for Usyk, considering the extreme circumstances behind his stepping away from boxing. As for Joshua, it is likely he will look elsewhere for fights while he waits for the chance to win back the belts he lost last September. JUST IN: 'Help me win hardest fight', says Ukrainian boxer Klitschko Promoter Dmitry Salita has weighed in on the situation, and suggested that his client Otto Wallin might be an ideal opponent for the Briton. The Swedish heavyweight has an impressive record of 23-1, with that single defeat coming at the hands of Tyson Fury in 2019. Wallin was also set to face another Briton in Dillian Whyte last October, until a shoulder injury forced Whyte to pull out of the bout. Instead, he fought against Kamil Sokolowski in Cardiff in February to win for the first time in the UK. "Otto is a Southpaw like Usyk," he said. "Numbers don't lie and according to the stats he landed more punches than anyone against Fury, including (Fury's first against) Wilder and (Wladimir) Klitschko put together. DON'T MISS:Anthony Joshua's promoter Eddie Hearn responds to Tyson Fury's claimsKell Brook 'prices himself out' of Conor Benn fight after big offerEddie Hearn reveals mocking text from Tyson Fury after Whyte sell-out "I believe Otto has all the skills, confidence – and with the last fight – the experience of fighting on UK soil to beat Joshua. "If the fight with Usyk does not happen, Wallin vs Joshua is the most intriguing fight in the heavyweight division. "And obviously the cancellation of the Whyte fight with Otto made him that much more hungry for the spot at the top of the heavyweight division." After that bout with Wallin was called off, Whyte was named mandatory challenger to the WBC belt currently held by Fury. The two Britons are set to do battle at Wembley on April 23, with Fury still keen on an undisputed fight with either Joshua or Usyk if he retains his titles. Meanwhile, Joshua has claimed that he would make light work of both the Swede and another one of his compatriots if they were to fight while he waits for Usyk to become available again. Joe Joyce is another fighter supposedly in the frame for a bout – but AJ clearly fancies his chances against either of them. "You really think I wouldn't fight @JoeJoyceBoxing?" he wrote on Twitter. "Lol ok... I've shared this ring with most people you see in the heavyweight division today! "I boxed Otto Wallin twice as youngsters and I boxed Joe and stopped him in one round. I'd do the same thing today! Ain't nothing changed."