Eamonn Holmes and his GB News co-host Isabel Webster were joined virtually by LA-based showbiz journalist Kinsey Schofield on Tuesday mornings' show. Having now had over 24 hours to process what had happened at the 2022 Oscars, presenter Eamonn feels that the Best Actor Oscar winner should be 'booted' from the academy after his actions. Will Smith's on-screen slap of Chris Rock after an ill-timed joke has dominated the news since it happened live at the awards show in LA on Sunday. His actions with the actor have overshadowed the star's first Oscar win for King Richard since releasing an official apology. Eamonn said on the breakfast morning show: "I think he will live off this, and he'll live off it very well." The Broadcaster believes this will be a great PR angle for his future celebrity outings. Read More: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the village as clue dropped He continued: "It will be every time he comes on a talk show, there will be a sketch or a joke about it. "Everybody will laugh, and then they'll move on to talk about whatever he is promoting." Although he believes this will give him long-term gain, it will impact him in the immediate future. "However, in the short term, he has disrespected the academy," the 62-year-old said. "It was an assault, an affray in public on a public stage. One wonders where the security was during all of this as well?" Opening up the conversation to their virtual guest, he concluded: "I think they probably shouldn't strip him of his Oscar - you can tell us the chances of that. "But he really should be booted out of the academy, shouldn't he?" Kinsey replied: "You're going to get me in trouble, Eammon." DON’T MISS…'No room for mistakes' Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [LATEST]Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]Laura Kuenssberg replaces Andrew Marr on Sunday Morning show 'It's an honour' [LATEST] With the trio all laughing at his probing question, she added: "I think that maybe he should be banned from next year's ceremony because as the winner this year, he is supposed to present to the winner next year. "So I think perhaps they should make a statement by not allowing him to present next year. "However, he is going to be great for ratings now." With the show previously having to offer a Covid secure event last year with most guests and fans having to watch online, the celebration went big this year, opening its door to many of the world's top creatives and performers.   