Novak Djokovic has been served a strong warning by Brad Gilbert, with the former star and coach tipping Carlos Alcaraz to cause him problems at future Grand Slam events. Alcaraz - who has been dubbed the mini-Rafael Nadal - is one of tennis’ hottest prospects on the ATP Tour. And, Gilbert believes he could well be the man to cause issues for Djokovic, especially when he is battling it out in slam events. Alcaraz is just 18 years old and is currently inside the world’s top 20, ranked in 16th. The teenager has been tipped by many for big things, and to emulate his fellow Spaniard Nadal later down the line. And former star Gilbert - who coached Andre Agassi to six of his eight Slam titles and Andy Roddick to his US Open win in 2003, has admitted he thinks he could be one of the sport’s rising stars to get in the way of Djokovic’s future endeavours. Speaking on the Holding Court Podcast, he said: “I wanna see Carlos Alcaraz play [Djokovic]. I think Alcaraz is going to come on court and play him and think, ‘Okay, he’s not the same.’ JUST IN: Ex-tennis pro Stakhovsky wields machine gun as he paints harrowing picture of Ukraine war The American then went on: “I think if someone has to play him in the fourth round of a Slam, if you like to bet, put a few on Alcaraz. He’s right there and I like his chances of winning one of the next four Slams.” Djokovic has endured a sporadic start to the 2022 campaign, after missing the Australian Open, the Indian Wells Masters and the Miami Open due to his Covid vaccination status. This absence from the tour therefore saw him surrender his world No 1 status to Daniil Medvedev late last month. However, he has since claimed top spot back. Despite warning the Serbian of the potential of Alcaraz, Gilbert had plenty of praise for him after claiming that he believes Djokovic would still be dominating the sport if it wasn’t for the Covid pandemic. He commented: “Before any of this with Covid happened, I thought that Novak Djokovic would be unstoppable around this time.” DON'T MISS'Put that drink down' Serena Williams’ reacts after Will Smith hits Chris Rock at OscarsAlexander Zverev's ominous Miami Open message as Cam Norrie looks to face GermanNovak Djokovic backed to stun Rafael Nadal again at French Open as Serb 'the favourite' However, the effects of the pandemic have no doubt caused chaos with Djokovic’s plans, and his career and Gilbert added that the Serbian is now seeing the consequences. “It's all just a mystery with him,” he added. “I just think that when you get so much equity by winning matches, which he had tons of, and all of a sudden you’re not playing and all these things that happened with Covid, I think it’s been mentally taxing.” 