The Queen, who tested positive for coronavirus just over a week ago, went to Frogmore House on her Windsor Estate on Sunday, where younger members of the Royal Family had gathered to meet her for the first time since her diagnosis. They included Princess Beatrice, her baby daughter Sienna, Prince William, Kate Middleton and their three children, who were all making the most of the weekend sunshine, according to the Daily Mail. When in better health, the Queen often drives to Frogmore, which is about a mile from Windsor Castle, to walk her dogs.  It is believed Princess Eugenie, her husband Jack Brooksbank and their one-year-old son August, who live at Frogmore Cottage on the Frogmore estate, were not at home on Sunday. William and Kate's presence came the day after it was reported their plans for a new family life in the Home Counties were making progress. The couple are reportedly looking for a new Berkshire prep school for their eldest son Prince George, eight. They have been looking at new family homes on the Windsor Estate, although some royal sources have said the castle itself has been earmarked for the couple one day. READ MORE: When to plant new potatoes - Best time for tasty harvest  The royals met at Frogmore House on Sunday, but what is it like inside? Frogmore House has been a royal residence since 1792, but it is currently unoccupied. Her Majesty has never chosen to live in the property because when she is in Windsor, she resides at her very own castle, which is the world's largest occupied castle. Frogmore House gets its name from the many frogs that inhabit the marshland around the grounds.  Queen Victoria had a great affection for Frogmore. She visited regularly during her long widowhood. The house is now home to the royal Mausoleum where Queen Victoria and Prince Albert are buried. Queen Charlotte and her unmarried daughters used Frogmore as a country retreat where they did hobbies such as painting, drawing, needlework, reading and botany. On the Royal Collection Trust website, Queen Charlotte is quoted as saying: “I mean this place to furnish me with fresh amusements every day.”  Queen Charlotte had an extensive collection of books, including a botanical library, which spanned across several rooms at Frogmore. The home features decor by 18th-century flower painter Mary Moser, and furnishings from the Royal Yacht Britannia. The ornate Mary Moser room has beautiful floral designs across the ceiling and on the walls, as well as bouquets of flowers on display. The living rooms have stunning 18th-century portraits on the walls, and floral sofas and armchairs. The house also contains a grand staircase leading up to the second level.  The white stucco and French doors outside the house can be seen reflecting into the Home Park lake. The view from the Windsor Castle estate reveals the private tree-lined gardens outside the house. Frogmore is also known for its beautiful gardens with over 4,000 trees and shrubs. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle took their official engagement portraits on the grounds of Frogmore House in 2017. Peter Phillips and Autumn Kelly held their wedding reception in the house back in 2008. 