Cleaner Sam posts her expertise on her Instagram account @cleaning_at_44, where fans learn clever techniques to keep their homes sparkling. Sam addressed shower screen doors, the glass sheets on which grime builds up easily. Grime and limescale leave unpleasant marks on glass in the bathroom. However, making sure to use white vinegar after every single shower will make homeowners' lives much easier by keeping grime at bay. Sam said: "Keep on top of shower doors by spraying after showering with a shower spray or white vinegar spray." READ MORE: 'Remove and prevent it': Cleaner uses £1.19 Astonish Mould Blaster to get rid of mould White vinegar is great for cleaning because of its acidic qualities. This acid helps the substance breakdown down soap scum and the minerals found in hard water. It's very simple to make a white vinegar spray, which can then be used in lots of parts of the house. Mix one part vinegar with two parts water in an empty spray bottle. If you would like to infuse the solution with a fresh citrus smell, include one part lemon juice. DON'T MISSWhite vinegar and baking soda do serious and permanent damage [WARNING] Use black garlic oil daily to prevent stains in the toilet [CLEANING] Mix baking soda and white vinegar to leave toilet bowl 'white and shiny' [EXPERT] For shower screens in need of more than a post-shower wipe down, Sam suggested Viakal. She said: "The best product to clean a dirty shower door is Viakal. "Spray it with Viakal, which removes limescale build-up. "It’s strong. Leave it on for five mins then rinse off." Viakal is a favourite among professional cleaners for its hard-working anti-limescale action. Limescale is generally made of calcium and magnesium, the common minerals in hard water. When hard water evaporates, these deposits are left behind. They can be very hard and really tricky for cleaners to remove. What's more, in hard water areas the average family of four can produce 70kg of limescale per year. That is the same weight as an average UK woman. The product also claims to leave a barrier, preventing the build up of further water stains. The product has 78 percent five-star reviews on Amazon. One reviewer wrote: "My decades-long addiction to cleaning with this never ends, better than anything to make chrome shiny." Another said: "My bathroom taps were bad. They had dirty limescale all over them. Get yourself a Stanley scraper and Viakal and they almost come back to new. "It really is the best product out there for taps and showers etc."