TV property star Phil Spencer has shared his advice on what's marketable when considering how to add value to a home. The Location, Location, Location co-host and Move iQ founder has answered a homeowner’s question about her downstairs bathroom and whether it will have an impact on her property’s value if she moves it upstairs in place of a bedroom. In a video for Move iQ from 2019 called “Increase Property Value: What's Marketable?”, Phil answered homeowner Hayley Davies’ question. Hayley asked: “I have a downstairs bathroom in serious need of work (rotten floors). “What impact on value does moving a bathroom upstairs have by losing a small bedroom (gaining study and utility)?” Phil said this is a “tricky” problem that a lot of homeowners will run into but that an extra bedroom adds value while a downstairs bathroom detracts value. He explained: “This is a tricky question and I think lots of people will be in a similar quandary. READ MORE: 'Swear by it': Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove weeds from driveway “An extra bedroom adds value but a downstairs bathroom detracts value. “So in my humble opinion I think they probably even out. “In which case, what do you want? “And think about what your target market might want on the day that you come to sell it.  DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [UPDATE]‘Well maintained’ garden can increase house price by £15k [ANALYSIS] “When all is said and done, I would probably hazard a guess that a two-bedroom house with a bathroom upstairs and a study and utility room downstairs is probably more marketable than a three-bedroom house with a downstairs bathroom.” Certain older properties in the UK are more likely to have downstairs bathrooms. Often old Victorian mid-terraced houses which had an outside toilet, underwent a cheap and easy ground-floor extension to house the bathroom. One study has shown that a bathroom positioned downstairs can wipe six percent off the value of a property when compared to properties with upstairs bathrooms. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The study, which surveyed 100 estate agents, said 44 percent of UK adults would not consider buying a property if the main bathroom was downstairs. This is the equivalent of around 23 million people across the country. The positioning of a bathroom downstairs has also directly contributed to the loss of millions of property sales. More than seven million people have reportedly decided against buying a home in the past due to the bathroom being downstairs, according to Direct Line Insurance.  A quarter of estate agents have said if the bathroom is downstairs, they should think about moving it upstairs before listing it on the market. Dan Simson, head of home insurance at Direct Line said: “Downstairs bathrooms are usually found in older properties accessed through the kitchen. “Despite them featuring in thousands of homes across the UK, they divide opinion. “With some home buyers actively avoiding properties like this and others finding them much more convenient, especially if they are less mobile or have young children.”