Manchester United players would prefer the club to hire Mauricio Pochettino despite Erik ten Hag currently being the frontrunner for the job, reports say. The Red Devils remain on the lookout for a permanent replacement for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who was sacked earlier in the season. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick isn’t under consideration and is instead likely to move upstairs as a consultant instead. Manchester United didn’t believe they would need a new manager anytime soon when they gave Solskjaer big transfer backing in the summer, as well as a fresh three-year contract. However, their campaign has gone from bad to worse despite the Red Devils investing in the likes of Jadon Sancho, Raphael Varane and Cristiano Ronaldo - who arrived from Borussia Dortmund, Real Madrid and Juventus respectively. United have never looked like winning the Premier League title this term, while their hopes of winning the EFL Cup, FA Cup and Champions League are over. Rangnick was brought in to steady the ship but the Red Devils remain as infuriatingly inconsistent as ever, nine years on from Sir Alex Ferguson’s emotional retirement. Ten Hag is now leading the charge to replace Rangnick at the end of the campaign, especially after it recently emerged the 52-year-old had been interviewed for the position. Yet while it now known the Dutchman is the club’s top target, The Times say players inside the dressing room would prefer for them to hire Pochettino instead. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The Paris Saint-Germain boss is currently facing an uncertain future over at the Parc des Princes, especially in the wake of their Champions League exit to Real Madrid. United first considered Pochettino to be their next manager in 2013, having seen him fare well at Southampton, only to go for David Moyes instead. In 2016, he was again on their radar after it became clear Louis van Gaal would be relieved of his duties. In the end, it was Jose Mourinho who was drafted in having become available mere months earlier following his dismissal from Chelsea. And when United sacked Mourinho two-and-a-half years later, Pochettino was again the main candidate to take over. They ultimately gave the job to Solskjaer instead, however, after the Norwegian had steadied the ship during a spell as interim manager. And while Pochettino has the backing of the United players to become their next boss, Ten Hag is now in pole position to secure the position instead. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message The publication notes that Ten Hag is ‘likely’ to bring in a Dutch coach who has a bond with the club. Robin van Persie has been linked, with the 38-year-old previously winning the Premier League title under Ferguson during a three-year stint with the side. However, it’s noted that Ruud van Nistelrooy is another candidate - despite the Netherlands international being tipped to take the manager’s job at PSV Eindhoven. Should United bring Van Nistelrooy back to the club, it will be some fairytale. Signed from PSV back in the summer of 2001, after they’d waited a year due to a serious injury, he established himself as one of the deadliest marksmen the game has ever seen. In just five years he struck 150 goals across all competitions, while he also propelled the club to title glory in 2003. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Van Nistelrooy was, for the most part, a regular in the side under Ferguson - becoming the talisman ahead of the likes of Paul Scholes, David Beckham and Ryan Giggs. However, he ended up leaving in 2006 after his relationship with his manager soured - moving to La Liga with Real Madrid. And, speaking in 2019, the former striker admitted he had regrets over the way his departure was handled. "It was very harsh, both ways," he told Eleven Sports. "Especially after five years of having such a strong bond. I learned so much from him, and in all modesty: he from me too. "And yet the end was ruthless." He did admit to extending an olive branch to Ferguson, however, adding: "It was me who took the first step to make it okay again. I called him. “A few times a year I felt bad about what I had done to him and the names I called him when he kept me on the bench the entire match in the League Cup final in Cardiff [in 2006]. In a blind rage I shouted at him. "I called him something. I called him a number of things in a blind rage. Cocky and stubborn as I was, I couldn't snap out of that for some time after. That's how it all crashed. "It was just really disrespectful, there were lots of other people there. It wasn't all that outrageous in terms of words but it was completely out of order. Not done. "I wasn't proud of it, still am not."