Some Manchester United staff incredibly believe midfielder Bruno Fernandes is ‘uncoachable’, a damning report has claimed. Fernandes is enduring his worst season since joining United in January 2020 and was substituted as his side chased a goal in their Champions League last-16 clash with Atletico Madrid on Tuesday. The playmaker has scored just six times since bagging an opening day hat-trick against Leeds. He has perhaps been impacted by the arrival of Cristiano Ronaldo and therefore not being the star man. Fernandes has been on the scoresheet in just two of United’s last 10 matches across all competitions. He failed to make an impact in either leg of the club’s Champions League tie against Atletico. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick was sweating on the fitness of the Portugal international ahead of Wednesday’s second leg. Fernandes had missed the 3-2 victory over Tottenham at the weekend after testing positive for COVID-19.  JUST IN:   But the former Sporting Lisbon star was poor at Old Trafford. He was substituted as United chased an equaliser in the closing stages. Fernandes was seen fuming at referee Slavko Vencic after the game. However, he might have more to worry about as some staff apparently harbour doubts about his impact at the club. According to the Independent, Fernandes has been slammed by staff for being ‘uncoachable’. He was brought into the club by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, whose own coaching methods were criticised at times.   DON'T MISS...Diego Simeone aims dig at Man Utd as Atletico boss responds to victoryTottenham boss Antonio Conte 'in discussions' with PSGLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp steps up pursuit of Barcelona ace  But his form has nosedived under Rangnick. Fernandes apparently has an unwillingness to recognise different tactical approaches. The report continues that sources believe Fernandes’ “tactical anarchy” disrupts play. That might be a disadvantage for Rangnick, who has flittered between different systems during his four months in charge. In February, United icon Paul Scholes claimed Fernandes could be a problem for Rangnick as he is ‘all over the pitch’. "You look at the teamsheet, there's a lot of talent, very good players, you could name every single one of them but with talent you have to work hard as well,” Scholes told BT Sport. "I feel sorry for the manager, he's clearly trying his best to set this team up to play against this type of team, they're either not listening and can't do it or they don't want to do it. It's very difficult when you're sat here to understand, we don't know what's going on with the training field, the attitude of the players, we're hearing bits and bobs." He added: "I think Fernandes could be a bit of a problem, he's a talented lad, he scored so many great goals but he's all over the pitch. A coach would tell you better, from a defensive point of view, how can you set up when you have no idea where the start of it [is], how can you set traps for teams where you don't know where some of the players are going to be?”