Manchester United's list of Declan Rice alternatives appears set to shrink once more with reports that Leeds star Kalvin Phillips is set to sign a new contract at Elland Road. Phillips was one of several players linked to United as a cheaper Plan B option to Rice, who Chelsea are also eager to sign. Whilst United's midfield is adequate at the moment with Scott McTominay, Fred and Nemanja Matic all under contract, there is a real need for a top-quality central midfielder to be signed. Rice has been linked for a prolonged period, whilst Phillips, Franck Kessie, Aurelien Tchouameni and Ryan Gravenberch have also been touted with a move to Old Trafford. But with Kessie likely to sign for Barcelona according to reports, and Tchouameni and Gravenberch being targeted by established Champions League teams, United's shortlist is continuously shrinking. This has effectively made the search for their midfield addition incredibly harder, with United facing a fight to be involved in Europe's most prestigious competition next season. And according to the Times, Phillips is set to stay at Leeds to offer the Red Devils further transfer headache ahead of the new season. The reports states that the Whites' board are confident homegrown midfielder Phillips will remain at the club, with talks over a new contract expected to continue at the end of the season. JUST IN: Chelsea's ex-star Tammy Abraham tipped to be 'next Didier Drogba' amid Roma revival There is no desire to sell the 26-year-old despite interest in him, and as a Leeds native Phillips will not force a move away. Leeds sources reportedly believe their salary offer will match that of Aston Villa and West Ham, who are reportedly interested in Phillips after growing in financial stature in the last two years. With Phillips no longer in the picture, the Red Devils are second favourites to sign Rice with the England star perhaps more inclined to choose Chelsea due to their Champions League status and close proximity to his family. Rangnick previously berated the transfer recruitment policy that continues to cloud United. “It’s a question of continuity and consistency, knowing exactly how I want to play as a club and a manager,” he said. "Having a clear transfer strategy and signing players who fit into that system. That’s what both clubs have been doing in the last five or six years. If I look at their transfer policy and their transfer success, they haven’t had many players who after one or two years people would have said maybe that wasn’t the right signing. Both clubs have been pretty successful and this is where Manchester United have to go again. “Under Sir Alex [Ferguson] they were there, but since then there have been quite a few different managers and to close the gap to those two clubs, you have to make sure that the recruitment is right. "You have to be quick enough in the transfer market, knowing the market and signing the right players in the right moment.” United currently sit sixth in the Premier League, one point behind Tottenham in fifth and four behind Arsenal in fourth, having played a game more.