Royal commentator Omid Scobie lashed out at William and Kate over pictures of them greeting fans through a wire fence in Trench Town, Jamaica. Mr Scobie, who also co-authored Finding Freedom – a biography about Meghan and Harry – tried to blame diversity in the Palace for the pictures in a scathing criticism of the Cambridges on Twitter. Mr Scobie tweeted: "I do wonder what the hell palace organisers were thinking with some of yesterday's photo moments. “The planning and recon that goes into every step of these engagements is next level, so how did no one think to avoid certain imagery? This is why diversity on a team matters." He makes reference to photographs taken of the Duke and Duchess shaking hands with children through a wire fence during their tour of Jamaica. Other royal experts quickly pointed out that the photos were tightly cropped, and were taken by a football field surrounded by mesh railings. The images show the couple meeting local children at a football pitch in the Trench Town neighbourhood of the Jamaican capital Kingston, shortly after William took part in a game with England striker Raheem Sterling. The footballer also posed for similar shots with excitable fans after appearing on the pitch with the royals. Moments after the snaps were taken, the royal couple met fans out on the street. Among those defending the couple amid a Twitter storm about the images was Richard Palmer, The Daily Express's royal correspondent. READ MORE: Harry's legal team criticised over 'irrelevant evidence' in court  He took to Twitter to ask whether it would be better if the fans gathered to watch the game were ignored instead. He wrote: "Would it have been better for the royals and Raheem Sterling to ignore all those excited people screaming for them to come over and shake hands through a fence around the football pitch? “It might have stopped a few people with an agenda making mischief but upset the ignored fans." ITV's royal editor Chris Ship also chimed in to defend the Cambridges amid the slew of tweets about the snaps. He wrote: "Can we insert some sense (and facts) into this fence photo in Trench Town? DON'T MISS Is Commonwealth waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [POLL] Kate and William as you've never seen them before as royals dive [PICTURES] Meghan Markle releases first Spotify podcast discussing Lilibet [REVEAL] "There was a fence around the football pitch. People gathered to watch the match with @sterling7 William and Kate went to say hello. “Just as they also said hello to crowds in the street. End of story. Move on." The couple arrived in the Jamaican capital, Kingston, on Tuesday. The pair later visited Trench Town, the Kingston neighbourhood where reggae legend Bob Marley grew up, and also took a trip to the Trench Town Culture Yard museum - which celebrates reggae music. William and Kate then played the drums with some local musicians in the courtyard where the singer learned to perform. William then joined young footballers and Manchester City forward Sterling for a kickabout. The Cambridges also met the island's bobsleigh team and talked about the film Cool Runnings - which immortalised the 1988 Jamaican Winter Olympics team. The tour is part of the Royal Family's celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee year. The couple will be arriving in the Bahamas on Thursday for the last leg of their eight-day tour.