In an act of strength and valour, President Volodymyr Zelensky raised his fist during an address to EU politicians as heroic fighters braced themselves for a terrifying land bombardment of the capital. President Zelensky told EU officials: “We will win, I’m sure.” He also made an impassioned plea for Ukraine to be allowed to join the bloc, adding: “Without you, Ukraine will be alone.” As missiles rained down on Kyiv ­yesterday, the Kremlin warned residents to evacuate before it begins bombarding strategic targets. Russia’s defence ministry said it was planning to strike areas in Kyiv used by Ukraine’s security service. It warned residents near such sites they should leave their homes, while giving no information about where in the city the targets were located. The aerial attack began yesterday afternoon, with explosions erupting around the capital’s 1,300ft TV tower. At least five ­people were killed. Russia was condemned as “barbaric” for bombing the Babyn Yar holocaust memorial just 500m away. It sits on the site where nearly 34,000 Jews were killed by Hitler’s SS troops in two days in 1941. After the attack, President Zelensky said: “To the world, what is the point of saying ‘never again’ for 80 years, if the world stays silent when a bomb drops on the same site of Babyn Yar? At least five killed. History repeating.” A Ukrainian foreign ministry statement said: “Russian troops fired on the TV tower, near the memorial complex Babyn Yar. Russian criminals do not stop at anything in their barbarism.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who has visited Nato allies in Poland and Estonia, warned Vladimir Putin against committing an “unalterable moral humanitarian catastrophe”. Mr Johnson said: “I think that he’s gone into a cul-de-sac and it’s very difficult for him to back out, and that’s the problem we’ve got.” As Kyiv came under bombardment, British intelligence chiefs said they fear the cities of Kharkiv, Kherson and Mariupol have now been surrounded. Russian troops were last night said to have entered Kherson, though all the cities are still under Ukrainian control. Philip Reeker, a US diplomat and Charge d’affaires to the UK, warned Putin would now pursue “medieval” siege tactics. He added: “That is exactly what President Putin and the Russian military have in mind.” US intelligence sources offered hope, ­suggesting some of Putin’s troops had run out of food, while others have run out of fuel, and that had slowed down the advance on the capital. The bulk of the Russian armoured forces heading for Kyiv are still 18 miles away – having made little progress over recent days. US intelligence also believe some Russian troops in Ukraine have surrendered or sabotaged their own vehicles to avoid fighting. An official, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said: “One reason why things appear to be stalled north of Kyiv is that the Russians themselves are regrouping and rethinking and trying to adjust to the ­challenges that they’ve had.” The Ukrainian defence ministry also said a fighting unit sent to assassinate President Zelensky has been “eliminated”. Oleksiy Danilov, the Secretary of the National Security and Defence Council, said: “We are already aware of the special operation that was to be carried out by the Kadyrov forces unit. “We received the information from representatives of Russia’s Federal Security Service who do not want to take part in this bloody war. “The Kadyrov forces unit, which came to kill our President, was eliminated.” The world has watched the heroism of the Ukrainian people defending their homes. Kyiv officials yesterday revealed 29 Russian aircrafts and 29 helicopters had been shot down, while 198 tanks had been destroyed. At least 30 angry Ukrainians were pictured screaming “invaders, killers” while confronting a Russian military convoy made up of at least six vehicles in Melitopol in the country’s south, halting the advance. A second video from Kupiansk, near Ukraine’s second largest city Kharkiv, showed another group of fearless Ukrainians leaping on a Russian military vehicle while waving blue and yellow flags. Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg yesterday gave a speech at the Tapa military base in Estonia. He addressed how the international ­community has a responsibility to help the Ukrainians. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Stoltenberg said: “That is the reason why we need to continue to provide support to Ukraine, why we continue to call on Russia to stop this bloody war and why we need to impose costs by the heavy sanctions on Russia.” He added that the situation was “horrifying” and “a blatant violation of international law”. Peace talks are due to resume today on the border with Belarus. But fresh fury was growing last night over the indiscriminate bombings of cities across the country. Experts believe the Kremlin is resorting to increasingly brutal assaults as the invasion continues to drag on far longer than President Putin had hoped. Moscow has been accused of again using cluster munitions on Kharkiv, with at least 10 people killed and 35 more wounded ­during vicious assaults yesterday, according to Ukrainian Interior Ministry adviser Anton Herashchenko. President Zelensky said the intensifying artillery barrages on Ukraine’s second largest city amounted to “state terrorism”. An opera house, concert hall and ­government offices were hit in Freedom Square in the city. Mr Zelensky added: “This is the price of freedom. This is terror against Ukraine. “There were no military targets in the square, nor are there in those residential districts of Kharkiv which came under rocket artillery fire.” Yevhen Vasylenko, of the Emergency Situations Ministry in Kharkiv, said: “People are under the ruins. “We have pulled out bodies. There were 20 wounded.” Resident Olga Markina added: “Every day there’s more destruction, every day more people are dying, and every day the terror grows. “We thought we lived in paradise, and they’ve turned it into hell.” Ukraine’s Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said the world must do more to punish Russia for the “barbaric” attack on Freedom Square and residential neighbourhoods. He accused Putin of committing “more war crimes out of fury, murdering innocent civilians”. Meanwhile, Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko yesterday appeared to indicate that Russia may plan to invade Moldova next. The key ally of Putin addressed security officials while standing in front of a battle map that seemed to show a planned military operation from southern Ukraine into Moldova.