West Ham and England star Declan Rice is said to prefer a move to Chelsea over Manchester United should he leave West Ham, reports claim. The race for the combative midfielder is now starting to hot up amid suggestions the Hammers now value Rice at around £150million. It's hoped that the steep price-tag will be enough to fend off potential suitors with West Ham determined to keep their future captain. The 23-year-old has just over two years (plus the option for an additional year) remaining on his current deal at the London Stadium, meaning West Ham do need to carefully consider his future. Rice has made no secret of the fact he wants to win the biggest trophies in the game, despite his commitment to West Ham. That could see him push for a move elsewhere - should the opportunity arise - although West Ham are yet to receive any offers for the Three Lions international. READ MORE: Man Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger Chelsea and Manchester United appear to be the frontrunners for the West Ham vice-captain should he depart east London. Both hold an interest in the player but the Evening Standard claim Rice would prefer a move to Stamford Bridge over Old Trafford, despite the club's uncertain future. Rice grew up a boyhood Chelsea fan and played for the European champions until the age of 14 when he was released. He grew up idolising the likes of John Terry, who is now a close friend, Frank Lampard and Joe Cole. All of his family also supported the Blues. DON'T MISSPaul Pogba reveals battle with depression after World Cup medal stolen during Man Utd gameMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held West Ham have already seen two new contract offers rejected by Rice and his camp. There are now growing concerns that he will not sign a new contract with the Irons as he targets Champions League football. The Hammers, of course, could still achieve a top-four finish this season or alternatively, qualify for the competition by winning the Europa League. After winning the Premier League Player of the Year at the London Football Awards, Rice outlined his desire to play in Europe's elite club competition as soon as possible. "It is as urgent as possible. I feel like, not only for me, that's for every young player as well," Rice said. "We are really close with West Ham at the minute and last season it was gutting to lose out on it but we are pushing. "We'll keep going. Champions League is a big aim of mine and hopefully one day I can play in it and do well. "I feel like I am one of the established top players around the world. I am only 23, so I am still young — that's what I mean in that sense — but in terms of my playing ability and the way I've performed consistently, I see myself as an established player now who's got good experience and can play at any level if required."