Prince Harry, 37, will cover his lifetime in the public eye, including his time in the military, marriage, and fatherhood. The Duke of Sussex said the memoir, to be published by Penguin Random House, will be written "not as the prince" he was, but as the man, he has "become". But royal commentator Kinsey Schofield has said there are concerns that Harry could "disrespect" Kate along with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Speaking to GB News, Ms Schofield said: "If Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and their children did come to celebrate the life of Prince Philip at the end of this month, I can assure you that the Royal Family would go out of their way to make sure that they were safe and secure and that they had all of the security they needed. "This is just a silly excuse to not come out and meet the Queen. "I interviewed Richard Fitzwilliams, he said something to me and he says how arrogant and yucky it is to release this book during the Queen's Jubilee year that we're expecting at the end of the year. "There are concerns about Harry disrespecting Camilla and God forbid, disrespecting perhaps the Duchess of Cambridge.  READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG "I do think this is a mistake for Prince Harry. "It's hard to sympathise with him, which is ultimately what Meghan and Harry are trying to get from people, when their actions don't match their words." The Royal Family has been warned the Duke has "plenty to tell" as the book is expected to be "controversial". Speaking to Express.co.uk, royal commentator Jonathan Sacerdoti said: "We know that they have these commercial contracts in place with Spotify and Netflix and we may see something coming out of those. READ MORE: Prince Harry getting 'bad advice' over security demands "We also know on their imitation royal tour to New York, it was rumoured they were filming for some project because there was a cameraman spotted who wasn't part of the press park and Prince Harry was seen wearing a concealed microphone with a wire sticking out. "It was assumed they were filming for something during that trip. "Then of course there's Harry's book, he signed that massive publishing deal. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan sparking 'disenchantment' in Americans [INTERVIEW]Prince Andrew set to 'bank-rolled' by Queen for the 'rest of his life' [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Harry still haven't backed up Oprah claims after one year [INSIGHT] "I think we can expect to see some controversy from that book. "I don't think publishers pay that kind of money unless they expect to get something quite substantial in return. "Also, he's got plenty to tell. He's got quite a life story that people are interested in reading about. "I suspect we might be seeing some of that but exactly what they bring out next, I don't know."