Cristiano Ronaldo has reportedly been playing through pain for Manchester United for the past few months due to an ongoing hip problem. Ronaldo missed the Manchester derby on Sunday with a hip flexor problem and the extent of the injury has now been revealed following the 37-year-old’s trip to Portugal on the weekend.     Ronaldo’s absence from the starting line-up and squad for the derby against Manchester City on Sunday made headlines. The Portuguese forward was not even in the country for the game, which United lost 4-1 at the Etihad Stadium, because he chose to fly back to his native country. Ralf Rangnick explained his absence was due to “some problems with his hip flexor”, but that excuse was later questioned by former United midfielder Roy Keane. “We talk about Ronaldo being a machine and very rarely getting injured,” Keane said on Sky Sports. “It doesn’t add up to me”. The Telegraph have now added further detail to the situation surrounding Ronaldo’s fitness, claiming Rangnick did not even know he had flown to Portugal over the weekend.  JUST IN: Arsenal can sign their new Welbeck as Arteta backed to raid Man Utd He missed training on Friday and only returned to Manchester on Monday night after being given the day off some alongside his team-mates who did feature in the humiliating derby thrashing. Ronaldo was back at the club’s Carrington training base on Tuesday and Wednesday but he did not train with the main group on either day. His lack of training has therefore raised doubts over whether he will be available for the hugely-important visit of Tottenham to Old Trafford on Saturday evening.  DON'T MISS Rio Ferdinand's angry response to calls from Man Utd stars' agents Mauricio Pochettino hints how much he would change at Man Utd Man Utd and Liverpool's transfer plans take a hit from Ajax star This is not a new problem for Ronaldo, who has played on through the hip pain after missing back-to-back games against Aston Villa in January with the problem. Despite the clear fitness concerns, Ronaldo, who has scored 15 goals in 30 games this season, has put on a brave face on social media. “Hard work towards a strong recovery. Eager to get back on the pitch and help the team,” he wrote on Instagram alongside a picture of him training on Wednesday. Rangnick was forced to field Paul Pogba and Bruno Fernandes in striker roles against City and will therefore be hoping to have Ronaldo back available this weekend.  The game against Spurs is of huge significance for United, who have slipped to fifth place after Arsenal’s 3-2 win over Watford on the weekend. “If we still want to have a chance to finish fourth at the end of the season, we can almost not drop any more points,” Rangnick admitted. “We also know that in those 10 games that we have to play, there are a few other difficult ones, so let’s take it game by game. “For us, it’s important we keep developing the team, which we did in the last couple of months. “Then make sure we can win the next two home games against Tottenham and against Atletico, two very important games for us to come.” 