Scorpio is the star sign given to those born between October 23 and November 21. So what can they expect today to bring and what’s the outlook for the rest of the month? Scorpios are said to be “one of the most misunderstood signs of the zodiac”. That is because of their incredible passion and power which is often mistaken for a fire sign. Scorpio is a water sign that derives its strength from the psychic, emotional realm. According to horoscope.com, today is set to bring a challenge for Scorpio. READ MORE: Horoscope & love: Virgo’s set for ‘dreams to come true’ this week Experts said: “Be careful of getting into fights today, Scorpio. “However, if a squabble or altercation of some sort seems inevitable, don't shrink away and hide. “It's important that you face the source of the attack and stand up to whomever or whatever is getting in your path. “Conjure up the warrior inside you and you might surprise yourself with the incredible power you have within,” they added. DON'T MISS...Rebel Wilson weight loss: Exercise which saw star shed 5.5st [PICTURES]Asda, Sainsbury’s and Aldi remove Russian products from shelves [NEWS]Weight loss: Michael Mosley’s number one food to eat to lose fat [VIDEO] In terms of the rest of the month, “while Pisces season is highly emotional for some,” Scorpios are not included. Astrologers say they “feel confident, strong, and inspired by the season of the Fish”. “You’re one of the most organically confident members of the zodiac, which means you’re not afraid to put yourself out there and take a few chances. “However, you counter this exuberance with a fierce desire for privacy, which can make it difficult to gauge how and when to come out of your shell. “Give yourself permission to go out on a limb - and often - but do yourself a favour and consider exactly what this looks like before moving forward. “If you’re hoping to share a passion project with the world, have your most opinionated friend look at it first.” As for romance, they added: “If you’re hoping to get closer with your crush, make sure your communication is open and honest so the object of your affection knows where you stand. “After all, you’re one of the hardest signs to read, so dating you can be intimidating.” As March 20 marks the beginning of Spring, so too does it mark a new astrological season - Aries. There is one “standout day” on the horizon this month, March 31. Whereas the challenging days are yet to come; March 14, Mach 22 and March 28.