The nation’s favourite Dr Quinn, Medicine Woman followed the adventures of doctor Michaela Quinn in the frontier town of Colorado Springs, where citizens are still unfamiliar with the concept of female doctors. Despite it concluding after six seasons, James Bond actor Jane Seymour claimed fans are “dying” for the award-winning drama to return.  The popular western won a Golden Globe and ran in more than 100 countries so it's no surprise Jane would love for it to return. Asked if she would reprise her role as Dr Quinn, she said: “Absolutely!” “The script is all ready to go and everyone’s dying to come back and do it, but we haven’t been able to get anyone to say ‘yes’ to it." The TV star claimed the show’s bosses have reservations, explaining: “They say it’s ‘too dusty.'" READ MORE:'Not graphic biology' Bridgerton star hits back at sex scene criticis   However, Jane pushed back with the claims, exclaiming: “That was exactly what they said when the show first began, so please!” During the season finale, fans saw the doctor and Byron Sully (played by Joe Lando) finally tie the knot. “We go away on our honeymoon in this train,” Jane said referring to the narrow-gauge locomotive that rolls along 600 feet of track on the set in Agoura, about 35 miles northwest of Los Angeles. While a new series of Dr Quinn is not on the horizon, Jane has other projects lined up, telling Radio Times: “But I’ve got Harry Wild, so I’m OK.”   Appearing on Tuesday evening's The One Show, the 71-year-old shared details of the Acorn TV crime drama. The new eight-part drama will see Jane taking on the role of a college professor who begins to feel at a loose end in her career. She said of the character Harry: “She’s unfiltered, she loves her work as a literature professor. “But she doesn't like the fact that her students don't take it seriously or don't show up and go [out to] party and so, she quits one day.   “She accidentally gets mugged by this young 15-year-old kid, and then realising while she's getting better, she's at her son's house and her son is actually a detective. “He happens to be doing a case that she's seen on TV, and he's got it all wrong because she's looking through his paperwork and she realises it relates to a rare Elizabethan play that nobody but she would know about,” she told BBC hosts, Harry Judd and Gabby Logan. Jane stars alongside Kevin Ryan, Rohan Nedd, Stuart Graham and Amy Huberman. Harry Wild was created and co-written by David Logan and produced and distributed by Dynamic Television.   Jane executive produced along with Daniel March and Klaus Zimmermann. Managing director of Acorn Media Catherine Mackin gushed: “Harry Wild is the latest series of Acorn TV’s growing staple of mystery dramas led by strong female investigators. “A category that has long resonated with our audiences,” she told Variety. Read the full interview with Jane Seymour in this week's Radio Times, out now. 