On a horrible day 207 years ago, Napoleon and the Duke of Wellington met at Waterloo, in what is now Belgium. The decisive battle of its age, it concluded 23 years of recurrent warfare between France and other European powers. Some 180,000 men, 60,000 horses and 500 pieces of artillery went to war on a small patch of the Belgian countryside. After nine frantic hours, Napoleon’s dominance had been brought to a close, leaving an estimated total of 40,000 people dead, dying or wounded, and a further 14,000 horses killed. Wellington’s victory ushered in ‘Pax Britannica’ — Latin for ‘British Peace’ — the period between 1815 and 1914 in which Britain ‘ruled the waves’. It allowed Britain to build its Empire, trading goods and capital around the world, simultaneously providing stability and peace across Europe. As for Napoleon, he fled to Paris after the Battle of Waterloo, only to find the French people had turned against him. On realising his position was untenable, he abdicated on June 22, 1817 and left Paris three days later for Malmaison, the former palace of his late wife Josephine. Coalition forces, consisting of units from the UK, the Netherlands, Hanover and Brunswick, were still on the lookout for him. READ MORE: Historian ‘surprised’ by Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn discovery After finding out Prussian troops wanted him captured, Napoleon went on the move again, a journey that was explored by Channel 4’s 2021 documentary ‘48 Hours to Victory’. Arthur Williams, the programme’s co-presenter and a former Royal Marine, explained how Napoleon tried to evade his hunters. He said: “The Prussians want him executed, but that doesn’t happen. “He tries to flee to America on a falsified passport, but it doesn’t work out for him and actually he surrenders to Britain of all people.” Napoleon headed to Rochefort on the Atlantic coast hoping to continue on to the US, but British ships were blocking every port. Asked why Napoleon surrendered to the British, Mr Williams said: “I think we are more sympathetic towards him. “The Prussians want to end his life. It’s as simple as that — eye for an eye. “But we’re a bit more sympathetic. It’s not really the way that we do things anymore.” Mr Williams explained that the British approach was a key detail in Napoleon’s being able to live a relatively comfortable life, as they opted for a “more gentlemanly” approach. What mattered was that Europe was rid of him. DON'T MISS:Anne Boleyn breakthrough: 'Unknown' evidence about Henry VIII exposed [EXCLUSIVE]King Henry VIII’s dying regrets discovered by historian [QUOTES]Dunkirk: How one captain’s quick-thinking saved British lives [INSIGHT] Co-host Dermot O’Leary explained things actually worked out “pretty well” for the Corsican-born emperor. Napoleon was shipped to the island of Saint Helan, 1,870 kilometres from the west coast of Africa. There, he was moved to Longwood House, a mansion that had fallen into disrepair. He frequently complained of living conditions in letters to Hudson Lowe, the island’s governor and his custodian. While in exile, Napoleon wrote a book about Julius Caesar, one of his great heroes, and also studied English, played card games and is believed to have also got into gardening. Mr Williams said: “He spends the rest of his life in relative peace and comfort, actually,” adding: “He expired at his natural pace.” Ruth Scurr, author of ‘Napoleon: A life in gardens and shadows’, told the TLS last year: “Gardening was the first and last passion of Napoleon Bonaparte, a figure still recognised by his silhouette two hundred years after his death.” A now-infamous engraving shows him wearing a straw peasant’s hat and leaning on a spade. Others, however, have speculated that the conditions he lived in may have hastened his death. A 1982 study for the New Scientist suggested his illnesses may have arisen from arsenic poisoning caused by copper arsenite in the wallpaper at Longwood House. During the last few months of his life, Napoleon confined himself for months on end to the damp, mould-infested walls of Longwood. His health began to deteriorate rapidly in February 1821, and he died three months later. His physician, François Carlo Antommarchi, led the autopsy, and concluded he had died of stomach cancer. Others, however, have suggested arsenic poisoning and a possible overdose.