A survey, carried out among 1,001 buyers in the UK, revealed that the top feature they wanted from their property was a modern kitchen. However, double glazed windows and roof insulation were also in the top three features buyers wanted. While double glazing isn’t a new fixture on buyers’ wish lists, what these two features have in common is ensuring that a home is energy efficient. For those who have previously been overlooking energy efficiency when hunting for a home, First Mortgage’s compliance director, David McGrail says it really should be at the top of home buyers’ wish lists in 2022. David said: “I’d strongly encourage all buyers, who are looking to move shortly to consider the practical, often overlooked features such as double glazing, roof and cavity wall insulation. “Having a home that is energy efficient is going to become more important than ever this year as the price of heating rises to levels not seen before, it is important that our homes are keeping the warmth in.” He explained that buyers should find out what features make the house they are viewing energy efficient. For example, some houses may have solar panels fitted, whilst others may have doube glazed windows. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it David said: “When looking to buy you should be looking at what the home has in place already that will help with the energy efficiency of the property. “Estate agents will be able to let you know what the Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) rating the home has. “A good rating could save you hundreds per year in energy bills.” The new energy price cap comes into force in April, rising by an incredible 54 percent. DON'T MISS:DIY renovator created 'sense of peace' using clever paint trick [INSIGHT]Home interior: ‘Extremely expensive’ interior design mistakes to avoid [EXPERT]Garden weeds: ‘Effective’ 29p trick to ‘banish’ weeds from your garden [TIPS] It is expected to affect 22 million households, making it very likely that the desirability and value of energy-efficient features will only continue to increase. Energy experts at MoneySupermarket have shared several ways to improve a home’s efficiency They said: “With relatively simple changes such as insulation, lagging pipes and fitting energy efficient light bulbs, you can not only increase your property price for sale, but also reduce your energy bills while you live in it.” Installing insulation is a great way to improve a home’s energy efficiency rating. The experts said: “Installing cavity wall insulation not only offers a chance to improve the energy efficiency rating, but could also save you up to £160 a year while you live in the property.” On the topic of insulation, homeowners can also insulate their wall pipes. The money-saving experts said: “A ‘lagging jacket’ insulates your water pipes and greatly improves the efficiency of the hot water tank.” For those who have a cold water tank, they also recommend insulating that as well as the water pipes. Homeowners can also replace their light bulb to save money and energy quickly. The experts said: “Something as simple as switching to energy-saving bulbs instead of traditional ones can improve home energy efficiency for minimal effort.” LED bulbs use more than 75 percent less energy than incandescent lighting. Another energy saving tip is to upgrade old boilers. A newer, more energy efficient boiler can have a significant effect on the energy consumption of a property.