HMRC has announced an uplift in Child Benefit payments, starting in April. The means-tested benefit gives a specified amount to parents of children under 20 who are not working more than a certain amount a week. There are two Child Benefit rates in place, dependent on whether you have one or more children. Current rates per week: The new rates from April are as follows:   READ MORE: Pensioners could be missing out on up to £4,000 a year The new rates will only increase nominally, equating to £33.80 and £23.40 respectively over the next financial year. This is an increase of 65p for eldest and only children and 45p for additional children per week. The change to the amount begins from April 11, and will automatically be uplifted - you do not need to put in a new claim. Parents earning more than £50,000 per year do not qualify for Child Benefit payments, soyou will need to notify HMRC if your income goes above this threshold. The changes comes as the number of parents claiming the benefit has slumped dramatically in recent years, and the result is disproportionately affecting women. Parents can end up thousands worse off in later life by failing to claim Child Benefit because they aren't entitled to receive the payments. Parents can submit a claim for Child Benefit but tick a box to opt out of receiving payments, and only get state pension credits. When they belatedly realise this will hit their pension and sign up, they are allowed to backdate credits for only three months, and will lose the rest for good.  DON'T MISSCost of living: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak's family benefiting from company with Russia ties–EXPOSED [REPORT]Unpaid carers could get £164 a month from DWP benefit [EXPLAINER] According to the most recent child benefit figures, 7.09 million families were receiving the payments last summer, a fall of around 122,000 in comparison to a year earlier. An HMRC spokesperson said: “We encourage all families to claim child benefit to ensure they receive benefits they are entitled to, including National Insurance credits. “Comprehensive information on child benefit, including the entitlement to National Insurance credits, can be found on GOV.UK.” Only one parent can get Child Benefit - so the payment will only go to one parent. The parent who claims will get National Insurance credits towards their state pension if they are not working or earn less than £184 per week. You can claim Child Benefit as soon as you’ve registered the birth of your child, or they come to live with you. You will need to fill out a form on GOV.UK once your child’s birth is registered, and you can have your payments backdated by three months.