Red Bull boss Helmut Marko has warned Max Verstappen that Lewis Hamilton could still be a threat to his 2022 title charge. Marko warns Hamilton is only “nine points behind” Verstappen and is confident Mercedes “will come back”. Verstappen won the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix to claim his first points finish of the season after retiring in Bahrain. Both Red Bulls suffered fuel pump issues in Sakhir leaving them behind their true performance in the points tally. Mercedes have struggled this season and have been the third-fastest car on the grid. But, the German manufacturer benefitted from Red Bull’s struggles in round one with Hamilton claiming a surprise podium. READ MORE: Max Verstappen caught driving one-handed during Saudi GP The team's troubles were compounded in Saudi Arabia with Hamilton only scoring one point. Team-mate George Russell has fared much better with two strong points finishes leaving him just three points behind Verstappen. It means Marko has not written off the Silver Arrows just yet and predicts the season could end in a “three-way fight”. Speaking to Servus TV, he said: “Hamilton is only nine points behind Verstappen. They are not writing off the world championship at all. They will come back, for sure. It will probably end in a three-way fight." Both teams' issues have opened the door for Ferrari to take the championship lead through Charles Leclerc. DON'T MISSRed Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GP [INSIGHT]Horner hints Verstappen was lucky to win Saudi GP after Leclerc battle [ANALYSIS]Mercedes' 'power shift' warning as Verstappen and Leclerc fly early on [COMMENT] Verstappen is 20 points behind the Monegasque with the pair battling hard on track at the last two races. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has also warned Mercedes will be back to join the battle.He said: “When Mercedes get their problems sorted they're going to be in there so that's potentially six drivers who are going to be in contention every weekend. For the fans that's going to be fantastic.” He added: “I have no doubt that at some point, Mercedes will join that battle but my focus is very much on our team.” After Saudi Arabia, Hamilton described his poor weekend as “gutting” but added the team would “keep fighting”.He said: “I know I’ve got a great team and we’ll just keep our heads down.” Team principal Toto Wolff added the picture was sobering for the team and confirmed they would “continue working hard” ahead of Australia.