Erik ten Hag must ignore Louis van Gaal's comments on Manchester United and take the Old Trafford job if he wants it, according to former Holland star Mario Melchiot. Ex-United boss Van Gaal claimed earlier this week that the Red Devils were a commercial club rather than a football club. He advised his fellow Dutchman Ten Hag to not take the United job for that reason. Ten Hag is one of the leading candidates to be the next permanent boss at Old Trafford after being interviewed early last week. Melchiot played under Van Gaal at both Ajax and for Holland. But the former Chelsea right-back disagrees and says Ten Hag should follow his own dream. Melchiot told ESPN FC: "Oh my god. Look, he was my primary coach, my teacher [but] I don't agree to this. READ MORE: O'Hara names five reasons why players would rather sign for Tottenham than Arsenal  "Why I don't agree to this, this is the modern day of football. We're moving into a market where every club and every brand needs to be part of advertising because if not, you don't highlight it, no one is coming. "But United was always a big club, we're not going to shy away from it. When I came as a kid coming to England, how could I not even look at Man United and whatever they were? "Van Gaal knew that too. He may not have liked how the situation ended up in the end but you think Ten Hag is going to think about it? No. "When you have a dream as a coach or as a player, you're looking at your own dream. You don't look at what somebody else thinks about it. DON'T MISSErling Haaland 'drops wage demands' after talks with Premier League clubs [REPORT]Newcastle owners recommended 'superstar signing' to take Eddie Howe's XI up a level [TRANSFERS]Dortmund chief admits Arsenal history could repeat itself with Haaland transfer [QUOTES]  "I say it again, Van Gaal yes, he's my coach, he's my guy, he gave me the debut for Holland and Ajax, but away from that I don't agree with this quote because you should go wherever you think is right for yourself and not what happened to a coach before." Ahead of Holland's match against Germany this week, Van Gaal made his feelings on United clear. He said: “Erik ten Hag is a great coach and that is always good for Manchester United. “But Manchester United are a commercial club, so it’s a difficult choice for a coach. He would be better going to a football club. "I’m not going to advise him, he’ll call me himself. But he must choose a football club and not a commercial club.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here