Arsenal are well placed to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. But even if they fall short, Mikel Arteta will have plenty of room for optimism heading forward into the coming campaigns. Arsenal moved above Manchester United into fourth following Sunday's 3-2 win over Watford at Vicarage Road. The Gunners were sublime at times in Hertfordshire, with goals from Martin Odegaard, Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli. Defensively they were opened up at times and had a nervy end to the game. But they held out for an important three points against Roy Hodgson's side. TOP STORY: Roy Keane claims six Man Utd stars should never play for club again in post-Man City rant  Arsenal have fielded the 18 youngest starting XIs in the Premier League so far this season. The club's supporters are already in love with some of the young talent on show. But Sky Sports revealed another hugely impressive statistic during Sunday's match. Following Saka's goal, they displayed a graphic of the most goals and assists combined for players aged 21 and under in the Premier League this season. DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]Gary Neville tears into 'embarrassing' Man Utd against Man City - 'I've never seen that' [QUOTES]Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]  Arsenal have three of the top five in that category. Saka has the most with 13 goals and assists to his name. Emile Smith Rowe, who missed the win after testing positive for COVID-19, has 11. Martinelli had six at the time the graphic was displayed but made it seven with a fine second-half goal against Watford.  Manchester City's Phil Foden (10) and Crystal Palace's Michael Olise (7) made up the quintet of young talent. Youth can sometimes show naivety and the Arsenal squad are not experienced in a push for the Champions League. They have had back-to-back eighth-placed finishes under Arteta. However, it is their best chance in a long time to end their barren spell in Europe's elite club competition.  United's defeat at Manchester City on Sunday helps Arteta's cause. Arsenal are a point clear of the Red Devils with three games in hand. Arteta knows the importance of finishing in the top four. "It is very pleasing; we know how difficult it is to be in this position in this league," he told Sky Sports.  "We've earned it; we have come a long way as a team." Saka also outlined the team's desire to reach the Champions League this season. "This is the dream this year to be in the top four and qualify for Champions League football," Saka said. "We have to stay humble and focus on ourselves." However, if Arsenal's young side do end up faltering in the closing stages of the season, it won't be all doom and gloom for the north Londoners. 