Barcelona are hoping that Chelsea will boost their chances of snapping up Cesar Azpilicueta by allowing their skipper to quit Stamford Bridge in the summer. The Blues captain has less than six months remaining on his current deal - and with Chelsea currently unable to partake in any contract negotiations, there is a very real possibility that Azpilicueta is approaching the end of his storied decade-long stint in the capital. Barcelona have held a long-standing interest in the versatile veteran, with Xavi Hernandez keen to beef up his defence in the summer. Azpilicueta, who is comfortable playing at centre-back or right-back, is seen as the type of signing who can help Barcelona in their bid to challenge for the La Liga title once again next season. According to ESPN, the Spanish giants are hopeful that Chelsea's current predicament could actually help their chances of snapping up the 32-year-old rather than hindering them. The report outlines that while Chelsea do hold a one-year renewal option, Barca believe that the Blues may be willing to hold off activating the clause to allow Azpilicueta to move on. The Spaniard has lifted every major trophy during his 10-year spell at Stamford Bridge, and is a huge fans favourite. But Chelsea could be willing to give Azpilicueta the green light to leave the club as a gesture after his years of service. READ MORE: Atletico Madrid 'in a panic' after making blunder before Man Utd clash  The same report claims that Azpiliecuta is keen on moving to the Nou Camp - which could leave Chelsea with a real defensive conundrum in the summer. As well as Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger are also due to be free agents at the end of the season. Barcelona are also keen on luring Christensen to the Nou Camp to link up with his Blues captain. The Danish defender was seemingly on the cusp of inking a new, long-term deal with the Londoners earlier in the season. But Christensen was dropped from the team by Thomas Tuchel after claims were made that the 25-year-old had reneged on a deal with the Stamford Bridge hierarchy. Reports in recent days have claimed that Barcelona are close to finalising a pre-contract agreement for the centre-half. DON'T MISS: Fernandes aims cheeky dig at two Man Utd players ahead of Atletico tieWhat Man Utd players have been snapped doing ahead of Atletico clashFive stars who Man Utd may sell this summer to help with new signings Meanwhile, Barcelona are planning to pinch further reinforcements for free as Xavi bids to remould his squad. Ajax full-back, Noussair Mazraoui, is also on Xavi's summer wishlist - and he's also set to be available for nothing, with his Ajax deal set to expire in the coming months. But Barca's marquee summer signing is set to be Franck Kessie. The coveted AC Milan midfielder looks certain to quit the San Siro in the summer. And he could be the fourth star that Barcelona could nab for nothing if their transfer plans pan out well. The 25-year-old has been tracked by a host of Premier League clubs, including Arsenal and Tottenham over the past 12 months. But he's set to snub a move to England to spearhead Barcelona's revival charge under Xavi next season.