More than a dozen causes have joined forces to raise money for the 870,000-plus seeking refuge in neighbouring countries including Poland, Hungary and Romania. The Daily Express is supporting a Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) appeal, which directs funds to Save the Children UK, the British Red Cross and others. Saleh Saeed, DEC chief executive, said: "I could never have envisaged launching a humanitarian appeal in Europe in 2022. But tragically, that's where we find our- selves. Members are working tirelessly with local partners to reach people in Ukraine swiftly as the conflict turns lives upside down. "Families, including many children, have been forced to leave everything they know behind to find safety and desperately need food, water and shelter. "The DEC exists to mobilise the British public's generosity and goodwill at times of crisis overseas. This is one of those moments." Boris Johnson said: "Time and time again the British people have proved responsive and generous when confronted with a global emergency. I have no doubt millions will support this vital appeal." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the Government will match every pound donated up to £20million. She added: "The UK stands with people fleeing this terrible conflict and we are working with our humanitarian partners to provide for those in Ukraine and the wider region in their hour of need." Groups such as ActionAid UK, Christian Aid and Oxfam GB, will use funds to support refugees by providing health assistance, essentials and protection. British Red Cross CEO Mike Adamson said: "We know the public are concerned about the situation in Ukraine and we are too. Donations will support the humanitarian response where teams are already helping communities with first aid, warm clothes, food and shelter." More than 450,000 people have crossed into Poland since Vladimir Putin's troops invaded Ukraine a week ago. Its government estimates 50,000 more arrive each day. Hungary and Slovakia have also welcomed thousands of women and children. Men aged 18-60 must stay to defend their country. The United Nations says up to four million refugees could try to enter neighbouring countries in the coming weeks. Filippo Grandi, the refugees high commissioner, said: "I have rarely seen such an incredibly fast-rising exodus - the largest in Europe since the Balkan wars." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea James Denselow of Save the Children UK said tens of thousands of terrified children have been forced from their homes into subzero conditions. He warned of long-term trauma and added: "We will continue to stand side by side with the vulnerable children of Ukraine throughout this crisis." Other aid organisations supporting Ukraine are Action Against Hunger, CARE International UK, Tearfund and World Vision UK. HOW TO DONATE There several ways to donate to the Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal launched today by the Disasters Emergency Committee ONLINE: www.dec.org.uk PHONE: 0370 60 60 900 SMS: To donate £10, text SUPPORT to 70150. Texts cost £10 and the whole £10 goes to the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal. You must be 16 or over and please ask the bill payer's permission. For full terms and conditions and more information go to www.dec.org.uk. Alternatively you can donate over the counter at any high street bank or post office, or send a cheque by post to: DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal, PO Box 999, London EC3A 3AA.