A family car with a typical 55-litre tank is now paying £89.90p to fill up compared to £68.57 a year ago. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said the average price of petrol “appears to be on a collision course" with £1.65 a litre. He said: “While there will almost certainly be more rises this week, drivers should soon get some respite from pump prices jumping by several pence a litre every day as oil and wholesale prices appear to have settled. “The price hikes seen over the weekend are still a result of the oil price rise which began at the start of the month and peaked early last week. “As the oil price has now fallen back, we should hopefully reach the peak and start to see prices going the other way to reflect the big drop in wholesale costs seen at the end of last week, subject to no further spikes in the barrel price this week.” Oil prices plummeted last week which led to a cut in wholesale costs for fuel retailers but a surge in prices followed because of supply fears caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The price per barrel of Brent crude, the most commonly used way of measuring the UK’s oil price, reached 139 US dollars on March 7, which was its highest level in 14 years. But the price plummeted to 109 US dollars two days later, and remains around that level. Campaigners revealed there has been a 215 percent rise in the number of motorists leaving petrol stations without paying in the first week of March compared to week one of December 2021. The British Oil Security Syndicate (Boss), which aims to reduce forecourt crime, said the overall cost of this theft to the industry is estimated to be above £100million. Claire Nichol, Boss managing director, said: “Record fuel prices make not paying for fuel more attractive to criminals and early reports indicate forecourt fuel crime has jumped in recent weeks.” Forecourt staff reported an increase in threats, aggression and violence by customers amid surging prices at the pumps. Luke Bosdet, AA fuel price spokesman, said: “In one town this weekend, filling a tank at one forecourt was more than a pound cheaper than directly across the road at another. “They normally match each other but the petrol station resupplied earlier in the week at the much higher price was nearly deserted while its neighbour had a small queue.”