Arsenal’s togetherness was perfectly exemplified by Aaron Ramsdale’s embrace with Bernd Leno after the final whistle. The £32million summer signing had to sit out of the Gunners’ 1-0 away victory against Aston Villa after injuring his hip in the preceding days. This resulted in a very rare call up for forgotten man Leno, whose last Premier League appearance came in their humiliating 5-0 defeat to Manchester City in August. But the German goalkeeper rose to the occasion well, managing to keep his first league clean sheet of the campaign for Mikel Arteta’s side. Bukayo Saka’s first half goal was perfectly preserved by a fine defensive performance from the north Londoners. And Leno ensured the points were all for Arsenal after he made a fine low save from Philippe Coutinho in the dying stages of the contest. His heroics between the sticks for the Gunners played a key role in their fifth league victory in six matches, extending the gap separating themselves and Manchester United to four points. And Ramsdale’s ecstatic reaction to Leno’s clean sheet perfectly encapsulated the unity in Arteta’s side. READ MORE: Arsenal told to sign three Premier League stars in summer window The former Sheffield United ace went on to the pitch to warmly embrace the ex-Bayer Leverkusen shot stopper. Despite the fact Ramsdale displaced Leno at the start of the season, there were no signs of rivalry or tension between the two Arsenal keepers. Ramsdale and Leno’s post-game exchange is yet another example of how well Arteta has developed this current crop of talent at Arsenal. The former Manchester City assistant manager was on the ropes at the start of the season after beginning the season with three consecutive defeats. However, he is now at the helm of an Arsenal side who could qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. "We talked before the match about the need to be sharp and physical. We controlled the game,” Arteta said to BT Sports after the victory. “We could have scored more and that is where we have to take the team. We have to put chances away; in the Premier League, you cannot dominate 96 minutes, this is impossible, but I'm really pleased with how we competed in every phase of the play. “I'm really proud of the boys. They are showing character, courage and quality. You can see the connection they have. It is phenomenal to watch. “If you want to be a top team, you have to win home and away. We are doing that consistently and we have to continue. We really want [the top four] and we are going to give it ago."