Adam Henson, 56, has taken to Instagram to issue a serious note to those watching about littering. The star has explained that he “hates to be a grumpy old farmer” but urges people to be cautious and watch their actions when it comes to the environment. The Countryfile star was walking around his farm when he discovered a deflated helium balloon resting on his fence. The presenter filmed a video of himself picking up the balloon, along with a small message for fans. The video was posted on the Instagram story feature and sent out to his 43,000 followers. Adam said: “Now I hate to be a grumpy old farmer. READ MORE: Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat “I know I’ve posted about this before. But have a look at this. There’s a balloon here. “Someone’s obviously had a lovely party, filled it up with helium. “They thought it would be a lovely thing to watch it blowing away up into the sky. “But please spare a thought about where it might end up. “Out in the ocean, across in the fields. Just littering the countryside.” He reminded followers that as everyone is trying to “move away from plastics” it doesn’t help that “people are still blowing up balloons and letting them blow away into the wind.” He concluded saying it was “crazy” and urged people to “please stop doing it.” Adam took to Twitter earlier last week to announce a career move away from the BBC. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT]Cher demands 'people step up' as she offers her home to refugees [ANALYSIS]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [UPDATE] He asked fans what they might hope to see from his new venture. The star shared the announcement with his 61,600 followers. "The news is out! "I’m excited to reveal that the @CotswoldFarmPrk team and I have been working on a brand new YouTube series. “The first two episodes are now live here. "If there’s a topic you’d like me to feature, I'd love to know," he ended his post. The post featured a snap of the star as he held two newborn lambs. Fans rushed to the comments to wish Adam well in his career change. Judy Illing wrote: “Great news, congratulations.”