A new poll for Finland’s state broadcaster Yle found that a majority of Finns are now in favour of becoming part of the military alliance. It comes a week after the Russian President launched his assault on Ukraine. According to the survey, some 53 percent of respondents back Finland joining Nato, while 28 percent were against and 19 percent did not know. This is up from a previous poll Yle carried out in 2017 when just 19 percent of Finns were in favour of joining the military alliance. Former Finnish prime minister Alex Stubb said it was a “historic shift”. There has also been a similar rise in support for NATO in Sweden, although less dramatically than Finland. Swedish Prime Minister Carl Bildt, a proponent of NATO membership, tweeted: "The unthinkable might start to become thinkable." Finland and Sweden have long stood together in their refusal to join NATO. The head of the Finnish Institute of International Affairs, Mika Aaltola, described Russia's attack on Ukraine as "Europe's 9/11 for Finns". He said the impact was seen in Finns changing their mind about NATO. READ MORE: Russian soldiers head home on foot en masse Mr Aaltola added: "This has happened across the political spectrum and the change is seismic." Within a week, two petitions in Finland gathered more than 50,000 signatures needed for them to be discussed in parliament. Finland's government has said possible NATO membership should be debated in parliament before any decisions can be made. DON'T MISSPutin humiliated as Finland defies Russia on NATO [INSIGHT]'We CAN defend NATO countries!' US Ambassador hits back at Putin [VIDEO]What is martial law? EU 'worried about' Putin plans [ANALYSIS] The country's foreign minister Pekka Haavisto said: "Our current position is that the non-alignment and very close cooperation with NATO has been serving us well (...) and then we should after the crisis look at what our judgement is." Finland's president Sauli Niinisto said he understood calls for changes but urged for careful consideration. He said: "In the midst of an acute crisis it is however particularly import to keep a cool head and assess carefully the impact of the changes that have already taken place and of those that might still happen." In April next year, Finns will vote in a general election and the largest opposition group the National Coalition, a frontrunner in polls, is convinced Finland should join. National Coalition leader Petteri Orpo said: "The National Coalition has long been in favour of Nato membership and our goal is to join the NATO for real." Russia’s foreign ministry last week said that “Finland’s accession to NATO would have serious military and political repercussions”. 