Eden Hazard is widely considered a Chelsea fan favourite after a superb seven-year stint at Stamford Bridge saw him win various accolades including the Premier League, FA Cup, League Cup and Europa League. And that bond looks set to continue after reports claimed that the Real Madrid star was 'not planning on leaving' the Spanish capital for Arsenal or Newcastle.  Hazard, 31, joined the Blues in 2012 after stunning performances at French outfit Lille. Having scored 20 league goals in 38 games for Les Dogues, then-European champions Chelsea came calling in a bid to secure his signature - which they did for £32million. He shot to stardom in west London, scoring 49 goals in his first three seasons at Stamford Bridge to become one of the world's most sought-after players. But it was only 2019 before he finally decided to make the switch elsewhere, choosing the Galacticos at Madrid to become his new team-mates in a £120m deal. His career has not worked out at the La Liga leaders, having scored just six goals in 65 games at the Bernabeu. But with a temporary career revival reportedly being offered in the form of Arsenal or Newcastle, Hazard claims he does not want to move to either club, according to Foot Mercato. TOP STORY: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected  The report states that despite his injuries, the Belgian harbours hopes of a new career under Carlo Ancelotti. He has not scored this season, and with such a negative tag on his name, Hazard will be looking to get off the mark at some stage. Yet Arsenal have made enquiries regardless, with their interest being defined as 'concrete'. Their chances are slim at this moment in time alongside Newcastle's minimal hopes of the Belgian moving to the north east. However, Hazard's poor form and the potential arrival of Kylian Mbappe in the summer could see him move to England at some stage. Boss Carlo Ancelotti said last month that Hazard was in his plans for next season if he doesn't depart.  DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  "Nothing has happened [with Hazard]," Ancelotti told reporters. "The only [thing is] that there is competition in the team and I have to choose the best [players] in each game. "This affects many players, I can't deny it. Nothing has happened, [Hazard] is training and waiting for the coach's call. I think he will be ready when he plays. At the moment he is still a Real Madrid player. He is training and he is focused. We have nothing else to think about." 