Fern Britton, 64, has shared her thoughts about finding herself single again after splitting from Phil Vickery in 2020 . She said new love isn’t something she is actively looking for at the moment and,instead, she is focusing on “self-care”. In a new interview, Fern said moving on after her second marriage, to TV chef Phil Vickery, 61, which ended in 2020, is “difficult”. The 64-year-old also revealed she has “no time for romance”. The TV presenter is open to having a companion “in time”, someone who will accompany her to the cinema, she hopes. Fern said: “People say they bounce back from a long relationship but it takes a while. The rebound is difficult. READ MORE: Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell “You chuck the pebble in the pond, but the ripples go on for a very long time. “It’s been a long time getting to the dawn, but I’m in another brand-new chapter and do feel it will be all right. “I have a lot of peace in my life. I’m doing more yoga, meditation and walking – a bit of self-care. I’ve no time for romance.” The former This Morning co-presenter said her children have been encouraging her to meet someone, when she feels ready. Speaking to Woman&Home magazine, she said: “One of my boys said to me, ‘In time, Mum, maybe you’ll find a companion who’ll go to the cinema with you,’ and I replied, ‘In time, maybe’.” Fern says there are perks to being single, such as moving the pillows to the middle of a “big bed” and not having to worry about disturbing anyone if you snore. She added: “It’s great being able to go to bed and, if you’re snoring, it doesn’t matter! “I wake up quite a lot in the night, but I’ll read for an hour and then go back to sleep. DON'T MISS:Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [LATEST]Jada Pinkett Smith shares cryptic post after Will Smith's Oscars slap [INSIGHT]Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen bans visitors to Ravenseat Farm [NEWS]  “I miss talking to somebody to run things past them, share trivia, but I’ve got the girls and the cats, and my boys are great.” Fern enjoys being independent, saying: “My mother used to say to me, ‘You’re too independent!’ But can you be too independent? I don’t think so.” In January, Fern told Lorraine Kelly: “Life is never easy for anybody. "But, you know, it's coming back.” This was in response to Lorraine saying Fern looked like she had "bounced back" from the split. Fern was married to Phil for 20 years and they share a daughter, Winnie, who is aged 20. The TV personality is also a mum to sons Harry and Jack, 28, and daughter Grace, 25, from a previous relationship. The May issue of Woman&Home is on sale Thursday April 7, 2022. 