Brenda Blethyn has played leading lady DCI Stanhope in the ITV series since 2011, and filming for the show has never ventured out of Newcastle upon Tyne or Northumberland. However, in a new interview, the actress has teased she would love to shoot an episode away from the North East to film a Christmas Special. Vera is inspired by Ann Cleeves' books, and up until now, the author has written eight books based on the detective. One of Ann's latest books is called The Darkest Evening and sees DCI Stanhope caught up in a huge blizzard. According to the synopsis, the snow becomes so heavy that Vera loses her way. However, through the blizzard, she discovers a car at the side of the road with the doors open and a toddler abandoned inside. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? Vera and the team later find a young woman dead and believes it is the child's mother. Discussing making the book into an episode, Brenda said she would love to film it somewhere else. “The Darkest Evening is a great read. A terrific story," the actress began. "Telling a little more of Vera’s background. I would love to film it one day." The actress continued: "There is a lot of snow in it so it would be a great Christmas special, and I mean a LOT of snow. "Scotland maybe. Or Iceland? Or what about Norway? That’d be nice.” Series 11 of Vera was put on hold due to the coronavirus pandemic which meant ITV bosses had to spread out when the episodes would air. Two instalments were shown last year, followed by another two in January. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode [INSIGHT]Coronation Street tragedy as Summer Spellman falls ill [SPOILERS]Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades [NEWS] However, the DCI Stanhope star explained in an interview earlier this month that she doesn't know when the final episodes will air. Speaking to Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on This Morning, Brenda gave fans an update on the cop drama. “We’ve got two more episodes of the current series of Vera,” Holly began as she held up a DVD of the show. “We’ve got episodes one, two, three and four,” the host continued as Brenda replied: “Yes, they are out now. There will be another one with five and six at some point.” “Are you still loving it?” Phillip asked as the actress replied: “Yeah, yeah, it is great. “I love the North East and the people are just fabulous up there and the crew are very loyal and the cast are all the same. “It’s the same as on Kate and Koji, it’s like a family.” Brenda went on to confirm that filming for series 12 had already begun. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.