Mortgage lender Halifax has revealed today that house prices have risen at the fastest rates in 15 years. House prices are continuing to shatter expectations even as many thought the market would level off going into 2022 - but so far this hasn’t been the case. The latest Nationwide House Price Index report revealed the annual property growth hit 12.6 percent in February 2022, pushing the average UK property past £260,000 - an all-time high for the market. The Halifax House Price Index released on Monday backed up the shocking growth rate, with Property values jumping 10.8 percent in n the year to the end of February, the steepest growth since before the financial crisis in 2007. The surge in prices, which is largely down to a huge shortage of homes available, has led to many questioning whether they should attempt to move or to buy their first home.  READ MORE: House prices: ‘Hidden factors’ which could devalue your property There are pros and cons to buying in the current market. Property prices are significantly more expensive than they were in February 2020 - right before the coronavirus pandemic hit in the UK and lockdown came into force. The market is one of the few sectors in the UK to have benefitted from the virus - after being effectively closed for several months, when it reopened in the summer prices shot up as thousands attempted to move. The market has also vastly benefitted from low interest rates brought in because of coronavirus. The borrowing rate was slashed to 0.1 percent - and those with variable-rate mortgages benefitted from smaller monthly payments. Now, as inflation soars and worldwide shortages remain potent, the borrowing rate has been brought up. However, it is still significantly lower than it has been in recent years, something Mortgage Advice Director for Key Solutions Mortgages, Michael Thompson, thinks wannabe buyers should take advantage of.  DON'T MISSHouse prices: Upcycling trends that could boost property value [INSIGHT]House prices: What the spring property boom means for your move [EXPLAINER]Property market shows ‘no signs of slowing’ - Halifax latest [REPORT] He told Express.co.uk: “Individuals who were able to buy a house six months ago were able to beat the rise in rates which means they might have saved as much as 0.6 percent on the same two-year fixed rate. “Although this sounds like a lot, when you dig a little deeper and look at things in a wider context, this boils down to just an additional £16.81 a week or £2.40 a day. “Rates have gone up which will cost homebuyers a little bit more, but I want to stress this shouldn’t put people off from moving to the house of their dreams or taking that first step to get on the property ladder – it’s not that big of an increase. “We’ve seen a sharp and slightly panicky reaction to the Bank of England base rate rising to 0.5 percent in February but 30 years ago in 1992, it was more than 20 times higher at 10.38 percent. "So, we must view this rise with some much-needed context and with a cool-head. “Ultimately, the cost of borrowing is still low so potential buyers should remain levelheaded and, most importantly, not rush into making a snap mortgage or property decision – this is something we strongly advise against.” Mr Thompson said that now is the time to lock in a low rate - but even if you can’t buy now, there are likely to be options further down the line that will help borrowers. “I believe rates will continue to rise as the central bank continues to respond to the rising inflation, but past experiences have taught us that the banking industry has always found ways to continue to lend. “The last time we saw significant hikes in the base rate, lenders responded by creating mortgage rates which undercut the bank’s rate – and faced with a similar situation, I believe they’ll do it again.”