Dimitar Berbatov has slammed Manchester United's drop of standards after last Sunday's 4-1 defeat at Manchester City further damaged the club's top-four hopes. United are back in action as Tottenham Hotspur visit Old Trafford on Saturday, and Berbatov thinks both sides need to find consistency to avoid misery come May. The Red Devils will have arrived at the Etihad Stadium full of confidence on the back of three successive wins at the ground under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But it soon unravelled, and Ralf Rangnick's men showed an alarming lack of fight, particularly in the second half, in a new low in a tumultuous season so far. And Berbatov, a two-time Premier League winner with United, has slammed the team as a whole, rather than select players for their performance against Man City. The Betfair Ambassador criticised his former club's inconsistent form and suggested they don't look like a Champions League team. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick receives triple injury boost for Tottenham He exclusively told Express Sport: "No, no [not a single player]. The team's performance as a whole was a letdown, in my opinion. "Yes, they [United] equalised, it was a great goal, and they had some chances after that as well to score. But other than that, I think the whole team didn't perform well. "And it was a bad loss. Not the result, but purely the performance of the team. And this was the greatest disappointment to me because United are just too inconsistent in the league. "This is not how you should play if you want to be in the top four and play Champions League football. And the players know that everybody knows that, but it was not good. It was below the standards of United." READ MORE: Chelsea bosses 'begging government' for two things in meltdown Tottenham, another of Berbatov's ex-clubs, travel to M16 on Saturday for a monumental clash in the top-four race. United are already playing catch-up, trailing Arsenal in fourth by a point, having played three games more than Mikel Arteta's side. And Berbatov has tipped the Gunners to beat United and Spurs to Champions League qualification if they can't solve their problems with inconsistency. "Well, I think if United and Spurs are not careful and they continue dropping points and being so inconsistent, Arsenal can leap over them and go for top four, to be honest," Berbatov explained. "So that game is important for both of them. But in my mind, going with that inconsistency factor, I see it more like a draw, to be honest. "Yes, it's important for both teams, but coming from their previous performances, a draw would be a fair result for them. "It is going to be good for Arsenal, who are hoping that these teams drop points, and Arsenal are playing good football at the moment. "So I'm going to watch and see and hopefully, hopefully, there will be some great football on the pitch. And whoever wins, you know, I support both teams. So it's a bit of a strange situation for me." For more from Betfair Ambassador, Dimitar Berbatov and to get the latest football tips, head to https://betting.betfair.com/football/football-tips/ Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.