With many Ukrainians looking to leave their home country and cross the border into neighbouring countries for safety, BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker pressed Dominic Raab on what the UK was doing to assist refugees. Raab argued many did not want to travel as far as the UK for safety. However, when the BBC host pushed back, the politician was left squirming as he tried to explain why the UK isn’t taking the same action as other EU countries.    Walker questioned whether the UK should be doing more for refugees by opening up its borders. However, Raab insisted the UK has a good reputation for helping and welcoming refugees. He said: “I think we have got a reputation second to none, I know that, across the world. “I know that. I’m the son of a refugee myself,” the politician added.   Raab went on to detail how the UK is responding to the refugees currently fleeing the conflict in Ukraine. He explained: “What the Home Secretary announced yesterday is that we will set up a bespoke humanitarian scheme for up to 100,000 Ukrainians to come to the UK including and particularly focused on the Ukrainian dependents of British nationals or Ukrainians living here.” The politician added: “We are absolutely living up to our moral obligations and you can see that with the detail of what the Home Secretary has set out yesterday.” However, Walker hit back: “Okay, but I suppose the difference is that many parts of the EU are saying anyone can come under any circumstances.   “Why can’t we do the same as that? Because that’s the question that many of our viewers will be asking this morning.” Raab swiftly replied: “Yes, sorry Dan, I was trying to explain that. “That reflects, I think, the fact that particularly those central and Eastern European countries that are closer to Ukraine. “That is likely to be where many of those fleeing will want to go because they’ll want to stay closer in the region to their home country. DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid on ‘speed-dating’ GMB replacements for Piers Morgan [MUST SEE]Emmerdale arrest as Charity and Chas Dingle fight over Woolpack? [SPOILERS]Doctor Who actress praises ‘incredibly loyal’ fans [INSIGHT]  “That is a common factor and feature of refugee crises that we’ve seen around the world. “But, of course we’ll not just work with our European and our wider international partners. “We’ll work with the UN and the international agencies to provide the most effective routes possible and we will do our bit as we’ve made clear. “We’re willing to take up to 100,000 under a bespoke scheme set up to deal with this crisis, as we’ve done in Afghanistan and as we did in Hong Kong,” the politician insisted.   After listening to the interview, some BBC viewers took to Twitter to criticise Raab’s comments. "Raab defends the UK policy on allowing Ukrainian refugees to settle here by saying many will want to stay close to home for an eventual return. Convenient? Also flights between the UK and Ukraine take around 3 hours. #bbcbreakfast," @JohnDAV09833267 said. "@BBCBreakfast Raab: 'I tried to explain’. No you didn't. You used weasel words to say why you aren't supporting Ukrainian refugees. #Raab #BBCbreakfast," @AndrewFellow5 commented. “Refugees wanting to stay in countries closer to their own… so we are making it more difficult for them to get to the UK… just to help them with their decision. Raab, you have no conscience… shame your family didn’t simply move to the country next door #BBCBreakfast," @simongalcock wrote. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One. 