Susanna Reid, 51, took to Twitter and addressed her colleague Ranvir Singh's replacement on Good Morning Britain. It comes after it was reported that the 44-year-old presenter stepped down from her role as political editor in December. Ranvir joined the ITV programme during its launch in 2014 and became the political editor in 2017. She will continue to host GMB alongside the show's other regular presenters, including Susanna, Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard. Taking to the micro-blogging site, Susanna congratulated Louisa James who will be joining GMB as their new political correspondent. It comes after GMB's Senior Political Producer, Anne Alexander tweeted about the news today. READ MORE: Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' She wrote: "Delighted that @LouisaJamesITV is joining Good Morning Britain’s politics team as Political Correspondent, taking over from @ranvir01. She’s experienced, hard working and obsessed with politics. Think she’ll do well with me and @kieronishere. Welcome to the (mad) House Louisa." Susanna shared the post in view of her 859,000 followers. She penned: "Congratulations @LouisaJamesITV." Louisa replied: "Thank you, Susanna."  Ranvir also reacted to the news, writing: "Super happy about this xxx." Charlotte Hawkins commented: "Great news - congratulations Louisa!!" Former GMB producer Erron Gordon wrote: "VERY well deserved! Congratulations @LouisaJamesITV you’ll smash it!" Sally Biddulph added: "Way to go @LouisaJamesITV congrats on the new role. You will be fab. Enjoy #westminster." DON'T MISS... 'Been an honour!' Escape to the Chateau stars inundated with support[LATEST]The Chase's Jenny Ryan 'proud' of Mark Labbett's US replacement[TWITTER]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase[TV] GMB has appointed Louisa as its new political correspondent who has worked as a presenter and has covered the royals and politics for several years. Ranvir will now be a main presenter on GMB alongside regulars Susanna, Kate and Ben. She has also taken on other presenting duties in recent months for the network. The broadcaster also took over the hosting role from Lorraine Kelly on her show Lorraine for a brief period during the summer and has appeared as a guest presenter on the panel of ITV’s Loose Women a number of times. She has also hosted several series, including the recent documentary film on Prince Andrew. In 2020, Ranvir was also a contestant on the 18th series of Strictly Come Dancing and reached the semi-final with her dance partner Giovanni Pernice. Ranvir has also announced that she is set to host Riddiculous - a new TV quiz show on ITV. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am.