The Canadian Prime Minister met the 95-year-old monarch and the Labour leader during a visit to Britain for talks on the war in Ukraine with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Mr Trudeau did not wear a face covering as he was received in an audience at Windsor Castle with Her Majesty. But the Canadian leader was pictured with a face mask on for his meeting with Sir Keir prompting questions from commentators. Broadcaster Piers Morgan tweeted: "Why on earth would @JustinTrudeau wear a mask to meet @Keir_Starmer but not the Queen? Preposterous." Former Brexit Party MEP Martin Daubney wrote: "Why is Trudeau wearing a mask for his meeting with Keir Starmer, when he didn’t for his meeting with the Queen, 95?" Columnist Nick Timothy said: "Does Trudeau not care about the Queen? Or are the masks for show?" The Queen welcomed Mr Trudeau for her first in-person engagement since catching Covid. The Canadian Prime Minister travelled to the UK for talks on Russia's invasion of Ukraine with Mr Johnson and Dutch counterpart Mark Rutte. The monarch, who is also Queen of Canada, who did not carry a walking stick, smiled at Mr Trudeau as he held her right hand in both of his during the meeting in the Oak Room sitting room. READ MORE: Prince Harry tipped to unleash on Duchess of Cornwall in new book  On the table immediately behind them was a large bouquet of blue and yellow flowers - the colours of the Ukrainian flag. The Queen has a strong bond with Canada. The Commonwealth realm has been her most frequent overseas destination. She has visited more than 20 times, including a trip as a princess, but a number of years ago she called time on her official overseas visits. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan and Harry will have more children? [POLL]'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan stands by Meghan Markle row [INSIGHT]Harry excites royal fans as Duke spotted in cowboy hat at Texas show [PICTURES] As a young child in the 1970s, Mr Trudeau met the Queen several times through his father, Pierre Trudeau, who was one of Canada's longest-serving prime ministers. After the meeting, the Canadian leader was full of praise for the "insightful" monarch. During a Downing Street press conference later on Monday, Mr Trudeau was asked if the Queen was "fighting fit". He replied: "In regard to Her Majesty I have had the particular privilege of having known Her Majesty for about 45 years now and I can tell you that in my conversation with her this morning she was as insightful and perspicacious as ever. "Very interested in what's going on, asked me all sorts of questions about Canada and we had a really useful, for me anyway, conversation about global events as we always do." 