Russia's national football team captain Artem Dzyuba has launched a damning retaliation on the Premier League's Ukrainian stars after they called him out for not taking a stance on the ongoing conflict in Eastern Europe. Dzyuba, 33, has spent his entire career in the Russian Premier League after making his debut in 2006 for Spartak Moscow. Having made 379 appearances in the top-flight in the last 16 years, the 6ft 6in striker has scored 147 league goals to cement his status as one of Russia's most-loved players. This resulted in him being offered the captain's armband for the national team, becoming a spokesperson for Valeri Karpin's men. But his position made him a target for Ukraine's Premier League stars, with Everton's Vitaliy Mykolenko, Manchester City's Oleksandr Zinchenko and West Ham's Andriy Yarmolenko calling him out for his stance on the ongoing conflict. The giant forward has retaliated with comments of his own in a pro-Russian stance on Instagram. "Until recently, I did not want to speak on the topic of events in Ukraine," Dzyuba said on his Instagram. "I didn't want to, not because I'm afraid, but because I'm not an expert in politics, I never got into it and didn't intend to (unlike a large number of political scientists and virologists who have recently appeared on the Internet). "But like everyone else, I have my own opinion. Since I am being drawn to this topic from all sides, I will express it. "I am against any war. War is a frightful thing. But I am also against human aggression and hatred, which is gaining some sort of devastating scale every day. I am not afraid that I am Russian. I'm proud to be Russian. And I don't understand why athletes have to suffer now. I am against double standards. "Why is it that one can do everything, and they hang all dogs on us? Why has everyone shouted about sports staying outside of politics but, at the first opportunity, when it comes to Russia, this principle is completely forgotten? "I repeat, war is scary. In stressful situations, people show their true essence, sometimes negative. How much anger, dirt and bile has now been poured on all Russian people, regardless of their position and profession. Those thousands of people why write insults and threats, get in line! "It is doubly strange to hear all this from people to whom Russia has given very, very much in their lives. All this only creates more negativity. The war will end but human relations will remain and it will be impossible to rewind back. Keep this in mind." And the captain crucially added: "And to some colleagues who sit on their a** in mansions in England and say nasty things: It cannot offend us, we understand everything! Peace and goodness to everybody!" The comments come after Mykolenko, Zinchenko and Yarmolenko brutally criticised Dyzuba online in the past week. Mykolenko, who signed for Everton for £18million in January, called Dyzuba a 'silent b***h', claiming he would be glad when Dzyuba would be 'locked in a dungeon for the rest of his life' alongside his 's***head team-mates'.  Meanwhile, Zinchenko launched a tirade against Vladimir Putin last week, calling the Russian president a 'creature' and wishing him a 'painful death'. And West Ham winger Yarmolenko made alludes to Dzyuba's infamous sex tape, saying: "I know some of you like to show your balls on camera, but now the time's come to show your balls in real life."