Russian president Vladimir Putin put Russia's strategic nuclear weapons forces on high alert last Sunday, prompting fears over what might happen next in Moscow's conflict with Ukraine. Putin blamed unfriendly actions in reference to economic sanctions imposed by the West, claiming that leading Nato members had made aggressive statements towards Russia. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace tried to pour cold water on fears of a nuclear war, stating that Putin was deploying "battle of rhetoric" but allies were nevertheless taking the move very seriously. A spokesperson for Mayor Khan told MyLondon: "This is dangerous rhetoric and irresponsible posturing from Putin. As the government has already made clear, any risk of nuclear conflict remains remote and we remain united in deterring the most extreme acts of aggression against us and our Nato allies. "London has a resilient and well-established system in place to ensure key agencies work closely and effectively together to keep us all safe – this includes keeping Londoners fully informed about any emergencies." The statement drew scorn from readers with Ogribob asking: "Did he issue this statement from his bunker?" Fellow reader uncletony said: "So what preparations would they be, a national duvet day with free first aid kits and masks for londoners?" Khan1111 chimed in: "We are not even prepared for a Tube strike! This is not acceptable." And TimSafe warned: "How can it be true that London is prepared for a "Nuclear Attack'. 1 - There is no advice for citizens. 2 - There is nowhere for citizens to go. 3 - There is no way to stop the barrage of weapons that could be launched against any City." Some experts say it is unclear whether or not Putin would go ahead with a nuclear attack while others quashed the possibility, stating that the mutual destruction would be too great.  READ MORE ABOUT FURY AS DOZENS OF HOMES TO BE BUILT ON GREENBELT LAND Patricia Lewis, director of the international security programme at the thinktank Chatham House, said: "What we think has happened is that under peacetime, Russia has checks and balances in place so that they can't launch nuclear weapons. "So in order to be able to launch nuclear weapons, President Putin has to change the status from peacetime to combat, hence the phrase he's 'put his forces on special mode of combat duty'. I think we would probably call it combat readiness but it's hard because of different languages and different meanings. "What he seems to have done is created the legal platform to be able to launch if he wishes. Now he's moved to a situation of combat, he can [launch a nuclear attack]. But will he? We don't know. This is the problem. "Of course, he wants to frighten us. And I think Russia has long worked out that the West is far more frightened of Russian nuclear weapons than Russia is frightened of Western nuclear weapons, and I think that's true."  DON'T MISS: ‘Visibility below 50m’ as Britain engulfed with thick fog [REPORT] Truss crushes Belarus as UK directly targets officials with sanctions [LATEST] Restaurant hits back at moaning diner who keeps coming back [REVEALED] Deputy director general of RUSI (Royal United Services Institute), Professor Malcolm Chalmers, said he thought it was unlikely because any use of nuclear weapons would open up a Pandora's box and the possibility of escalation. He added: "The pressure on other nuclear weapon states to use them in response would be very considerable... the Russians understand that and so do the west. So it's a paradox." If Russia were to launch an attack on a Nato country, experts say there could be retaliatory strikes from other members of the military alliance. Professor Chalmers said this would lead to a conflict "orders of magnitude worse than the Second World War". Casualty numbers would depend on what area was attacked. Nuclear weapons are capable of killing hundreds of thousands of people depending on how populated the area targeted is. Others could be left injured as a result of radiation poisoning. The Federation of American Scientists recently updated its records on Russia's nuclear arsenal. It said the stockpile is at about 4,477 warheads, of which around 1,588 are strategic warheads which can be deployed on ballistic missiles and at heavy bomber bases. An approximate additional 977 strategic warheads, along with 1,912 nonstrategic warheads, are held in reserve. The Federation's latest figures state that the UK has a stockpile of about 225 nuclear warheads, the US has 5,428, France has 290, Pakistan has 165, China has 350, India has 160, Israel has 90 and North Korea has 20.