Dominic Raab clashed with the Speaker during a tense meeting between the Deputy Prime Minister and the Labour Deputy Leader Angela Rayber. The Speaker intervened in Prime Minister's Questions to warn Mr Raab against "talking about history" over repeated attempts by the Tory Minister to point to positions held by former Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn. Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle snapped: " I hate to say you can't keep going back for 12 years as a defensive mechanism. "What we want to do..." Responding to heckles from Conservative MPs, he roared: "I'll decide Thank you! "Deputy Prime Minister please if we could try and stick to the general rules, I have a lot of people ahead of me desperate to get in without talking about history. How far we want to go back is one thing in passing." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG The clash erupted after Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab suggested Labour would put security at risk. Responding to Angela Rayner's third question in the Commons, he said: "The suggestion she's making is sheer nonsense. But if she wants to talk about national security then I remind her that she and her shadow cabinet colleagues not so long ago wanted the honourable member for Islington North [Jeremy Corbyn]... a man who wanted and talked about abolishing the Army, pulling out of Trident - she voted for that. "Has there ever been a more ridiculous, reckless, naive moment to call for unilateral nuclear disarmament and pulling out of Nato? "A Labour government would put at risk our security. We're doing everything we can to protect it."  In response, Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner accused the Government of going "cap in hand from one dictator to another" by asking Saudi Arabia to produce more oil following the move to divest from Russian fossil fuels. The deputy leader of the opposition added: "The Government benches have a choice - they can accept Labour's plan to save working families hundreds of pounds on bills funded by a one-off levy on the soaring profits of energy companies. "So I ask the Deputy Prime Minister - is their only plan to keep on begging?" Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab replied: "Can I just gently say to her that when she was campaigning as the rest of them were to make the member of Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) prime minister, this Prime Minister was foreign secretary, leading the response to the nerve agent attack on Salisbury."  Mr Raab added that Jeremy Corbyn had "sided with Putin" in the past, and quoted Ms Rayner's past words that Mr Corbyn was a "very strong leader" and could not wait for him to become Prime Minister. Mr Rayner went on to suggest the Government "partied during lockdown" adding: "Can the Deputy Prime Minister look the British people in the eye and say this Government is doing their best? Mr Raab replied that the Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary had shown leadership with the "impact of the sanctions and the diplomatic effort" which had let to the "rouble plummeting". He added: "We have also shown the big-hearted spirit of this Government and indeed this nation", by processing visas for Ukrainians and with the new humanitarian sponsorship scheme.