 According to national alcohol guidelines, adults should drink no more than 14 units a week, spread across three days or more. That equals six pints of beer or six medium glasses of wine. New research, however, has shown that even light drinking could harm the brain. Brain ageing, they argued, starts with an average consumption of half a beer a day.  Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania analysed data from more than 36,000 adults. They discovered that the link between drinking and brain ageing “begins at an average consumption level of less than one alcohol unit a day”. Brain damage increases with each additional drink. They found that going from one to two drinks a day could make the brain age up to two years. READ MORE: Coffee: How much should you drink a day? Too much may cause 'negative health effects' Heavy drinking, for instance, is associated with an alteration in the structure of the brain, as well as a reduction in size. These processes are linked with the development of cognitive impairments. This, researchers argued, also happens in light-to-moderate drinkers, where low consumption of alcohol “was associated with reductions in overall brain volume”.   "These findings contrast with scientific and governmental guidelines on safe drinking limits," said Henry Kranzler, author of the study. Strong evidence exists that heavy drinking can negatively impact the brain, but most studies have argued that low levels of alcohol consumption may not have an impact. Although government guidelines in the UK stick to the 14-unit limit, the NHS warned that “there's no completely safe level of drinking”. “But sicking within these guidelines lowers your risk of harming your health.”   The study also observed that the link between units consumed and brain damage is exponential. Going from zero to one unit of alcohol did not cause much damage to brain volume. However, going from one to two, or from two to three units a day resulted in a substantial reduction of grey and white matter in the brain. "It's not linear; it gets worse the more you drink,” commented co-author Remi Daviet.   Remi Daviet suggested that the effect of drinking on the brain is exponential. “One additional drink in a day could have more of an impact than any of the previous drinks that day.” He explained that “cutting back on that final drink of the night” could help slow down brain ageing. “The people who can benefit the most from drinking less are the people who are already drinking the most,” he concluded. 