Bob (played by Tony Audenshaw) has been taking a backseat from the drama on Emmerdale of late, with the character being seen working in the café when he does make appearances. It seems his relationship with Wendy (Susan Cookson) has been going well and the pair became a lot closer last year following the arrival of the nurse's ex-husband, Russ Posner (Rob Jarvis). However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, the beloved villager will be seen giving some advice to neighbour Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) -  could this be a hint the pair are going to embark on a steamy romance? The drama begins next week as Laurel's own relationship troubles continue to weigh her down. Having split up from boyfriend Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) a couple of weeks ago, she still hasn't got back on her feet. Needing a shoulder to lean on, she ends up filling Bob in on her situation and how hurt she has felt over the betrayal. Having been in a similar situation himself a couple of years ago, Bob explains how his former lover, Brenda Walker (Lesley Dunlop), forgave him. After talking with her neighbour, Laurel has a fresh perspective on things and decides she is going to mull over what Bob has said. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Not too long after, Laurel meets up with Jai in the café as she wants to give him the rest of his belongings she has found around the house. Although, she begins to have second thoughts when she realises this could really be the end of their relationship. The one thing she can't seem to shake off is Bob's words going over and over in her head and she worries she is making a big mistake. With her head in a mess, Laurel decides to kiss Jai as she is consumed by all sorts of different emotions in the moment. It would seem she and Jai are going to give things another go or at least work on the challenges they have faced in the last couple of weeks. However, a twist in the tale could be she is starting to develop feelings for Bob, seeing what a kind heart he has for listening to her. Laurel might have confused her feelings for her neighbour being those she once had for Jai and this is why she could kiss him. The beloved villager could begin to realise taking her former lover back was a bad idea as she doesn't find him attractive after he took out a loan in her name without telling her. Not wanting to harbour her feelings for Bob any longer, she could decide she is going to pluck up the courage to tell him. Finally confessing her feelings, Laurel could be shocked to discover Bob feels the exact same way about her and they could give in to the spark between them. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley's wife on 'weight of what's going on at home' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'covered in bruises and shame’ after fall [COMMENT] Jai and Wendy would be completely oblivious to the fact their love interests have betrayed them and for a short time, Laurel and Bob could agree they will keep their fling under wraps. Secrets don't stay harboured for long in the Dales, however, and it wouldn't be too long before their other halves found out the truth. For Laurel and Jai, it might not be as devastating as they have had their problems in the last few months. Whereas it could be a huge smack in the face for Wendy as she would not have thought there was anything wrong with her relationship. With Laurel and Bob wanting to make a go of things, they would break things off with their other halves and enjoy building a life together. As the honeymoon period soon comes to an end and the realities of life begin to seep into their relationship, will the pair realise they've made a big mistake? Furthermore, Wendy would be unwilling to take Bob back as she could have made plans to leave the village and move to London to be with her son, Luke Posner (Max Parker). Having done his fair share of unforgivable things in relationships before, Jai could be more willing to take Laurel back. The actor who plays Bob, Tony, has previously spoken out about his character's illustrious relationships in the past. Speaking with ITV's Lorraine earlier this month, he said: "There was Jean, Jean, Barbara, Vonda, Viv twice and Brenda with the wedding that sort of went wrong." "So yeah, seven times. He needs another wedding, doesn't he? Obviously, he's with Wendy now and I think that'd be nice," Tony continued. "What Bob tends to do in a relationship is he'll either run a mile or get married. "One or the other. So, let's hope one of those things happens soon," he explained, so this could hint at how things could turn out with Laurel. If they were to make a go of things, could he end up popping the question to her just a few short months after being together? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.