Authorities in Japan have sounded the alarm bells as a massive tsunami generated from an earthquake is headed towards Fukushima. The region is ground zero for the infamous Fukushima nuclear disaster was caused by a dual earthquake-tsunami combo that struck Japan in 2011. Earlier today, a massive earthquake of a magnitude of 7.3 was recorded in Japan. It then created a massive tsunami that reached one metre in height crashing into northern parts of Japan, according to reports. Tremors from the powerful earthquake were even felt in part of Tokyo, with some areas of the capital city suffering from power outages as a result. Tokyo Electric Power has confirmed that about two million homes have been left without power as a result of the earthquake. Authorities are also searching for any irregularities within the disabled power station. According to state broadcaster NHK, the tsunami has already struck the Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures. Joel Rush, a sportswriter who was in Japan at the time, tweeted: "Really big earthquake here in Japan just now. We're fine. "But it was shaking pretty damn hard for like a good 2 minutes, which if you've ever been in one, you'll know is a long time. "Magnitude 7.3. Tsunami warning for one metre up north in Tohoku. Biggest in a while." READ MORE: Fukushima disaster: Look deep inside remains of nuclear reactor The tremor registered magnitude 7.3 and was as high as a six-plus on the Japanese shaking intensity scale in some areas - too strong for people to stand, according to public broadcaster NHK. According to the Japan Meteorological Agency, the quake struck 36 miles below the sea at 11.38pm local time (2:38 pm in UK). The same region was hit by a major quake followed by a tsunami in 2011 that triggered the Fukushima nuclear disaster. This caused the cooling systems in the nuclear power plant to break down, leading to a catastrophic meltdown. DON'T MISS: Britain's nuclear war bunkers exposed - 258 havens across UK [MAPPED] Arctic horror warning as melting ice creates 'giant sinkhole' [INSIGHT] UK to avoid Putin's EU energy wrath as huge new gas field found [REVEAL] This was the most severe nuclear accident since the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, with the two being the only nuclear accidents to ever be classified as a seven on the International Nuclear Event Scale. The US Embassy in Tokyo tweeted: "Around 11:36 PM a 7.3 earthquake struck northeastern Japan. "A tsunami adivsory has been issued for Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures. Stay away from water. "Power outages have been reported in multiple areas - including Tokyo. Rail travel may be disrupted. Continue to monitor news." THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW.