David Moyes has warned Manchester United’s prospective next manager about the ‘difficulties’ faced by their predecessors in the last decade. The Red Devils are searching for their sixth permanent head coach since Sir Alex Ferguson’s departure in 2013, with Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino reportedly the favourites. West Ham boss Moyes was the first man to replace Ferguson nine years ago. His longevity at Everton, where he spent 11 years, made him a favourable candidate with both Ferguson the club’s board. But the Scot did not even see out his first season in charge. Following a poor run of results, Moyes was sacked in April 2014. The 58-year-old felt that the structure was not in place for him to continue Ferguson’s work. He has now warned Ten Hag, Pochettino and other candidates about the ‘difficulties’ he, Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho have found in replacing such a legendary figure.   JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo Jr could become Man Utd icon like his dad in footage “I keep hearing about Man United needing a top coach to make the difference. Man Utd have had Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal, who are two of the best coaches in the world — both excellent, both winners,” Moyes told The Athletic. “One is an unbelievable coach, one a great winner. Man United have had a lot of top managers. Not putting myself in that category at all, but they’ve had some great managers. “The difficulty for them now is to really find the same rhythm they found under Sir Alex, which when you look back now was incredible for their football club, it really was.”   DON'T MISS...Jermain Defoe: The modern-day poacher adored everywhere he wentEdu missed out on Arsenal transfer coup that could've ensured top fourEnd of season predictions: Liverpool to topple Man City? Big debate Moyes – whose West Ham team are thriving and are in contention for fourth place in the Premier League opened up on a conversation he had with former England boss Howard Wilkinson. The 78-year-old apparently told Moyes that he was always likely to struggle in the aftermath of Ferguson’s 26-year tenure. He continued: “You look back at a lot of the dynasties at football clubs — Brian Clough (at Nottingham Forest), Sir Bobby Robson at Ipswich, even Don Revie (at Leeds United). Howard Wilkinson told me, ‘If you’d spoken to me earlier, David, I would have told you anyone who goes to take these jobs tends to find it’s really difficult to make it work’. “It wasn’t that I didn’t know that, but… because of the way Sir Alex approached me to take the job (…), it made it more personal, it made me feel like, well, yes, there’s a model here that they felt I could continue, that I would be the right person. And it wasn’t to be.”