As Peaky Blinders season six hits the BBC this month, those in Yorkshire will likely spot a few familiar locations. The BBC series filmed in and around Keighley for the final season, using locations including the Keighley & Worth Valley Railway and the town’s Dalton Mills. Videos and images coming from Keighley on Thursday show Dalton Mills has gone up in flames.  One video posted by @OptimumFireworks shows fire engines at the scene of the blaze as smoke billows above the building. A cordon has been put up around the building as firemen get to work on tackling the fire. Alongside the video was the caption: “Dalton Mills in Keighley up in flames currently.” Many other videos have popped up on Twitter with user @R4Shearer noting it is a “great loss” to the filming location. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series “Another Mill fire what a great loss. Dalton Mills Keighley,” they posted. Pamela Cryer said: "This is so b****y sad, more of our history up in flames. It better not turn out to be deliberate." About 100 firefighters had worked through the night to extinguish flames pouring from the empty Grade-II listed building. No update on the cause of the fire has been given at this time.  Dalton Mills is just one of the locations in Yorkshire used for the sixth season of Peaky Blinders, which follows Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) and his family. The series has been partly filmed in Keighley for over seven years with production on the final episodes resuming in early 2021 following the coronavirus pandemic. This is not the first time a fire has broken out at the filming location, as emergency services were called to the site back in 2011. Cillian Murphy has been sharing behind the scenes images from the filming locations following the season six premiere. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders season 6: Alfie's death sealed after Tommy betrayal? [LATEST]Peaky Blinders' Joe Cole on thing BBC role left him unable to do [INTERVIEW]Finn Cole age: How old is the Peaky Blinders star? [INSIGHT] In one post he said: "Behind the scenes of Peaky Blinders season 6 with @antobyrne75 and @dannysfx, repost from @dannysfx." The image showed the stars with their thumbs up, battling the elements as it appeared to be a wet day. The season six premiere saw Tommy Shelby take a new approach as he plotted to take down his enemies. Set four years after the events of the fifth outing, the final season saw Tommy sober, having given up alcohol for good.  He was responsible for setting up Michael Gray (Finn Cole), by tipping off the police and revealing Michael had been carrying Opium. With Michael behind bars, Tommy has been able to keep one of his biggest threats out of the picture. Meanwhile, Peaky Blinders fans are desperate to find out what will happen in the next instalment of the Stevn Knight penned series. The synopsis for episode two, titled Black Shirt, reads: “Tommy gets involved in a power game with fascists, freedom fighters and Boston gangsters. “As the players plan to double cross him, Tommy visits an old ally in Camden.” Peaky Blinders continues Sunday on BBC One at 9pm