Novak Djokovic’s entry into the Italian Open will send the wrong message, according to the president of the Italian National Olympic Committee. Giovanni Malagò does not think the unvaccinated star should be allowed to compete at the Masters 1000 event in the spring.   With many tournaments issuing a vaccine mandate, the Serbian’s schedule is limited due to his decision not to take the coronavirus jab. The former world number one’s decision ultimately prevented him from participating in January's Australian Open and he is unlikely to feature in this month's Indian Wells and Miami events for the same reason. However, Italian government officials have already confirmed that Djokovic will be able to play the Italian Open in May, where he is a five-time former champion. The country’s cabinet undersecretary for sports Valentina Vezzali said last week that Djokovic could play because tennis is an “outdoor sport”, even if he would not be able to stay in a hotel under current Covid restrictions for unvaccinated citizens and foreign nationals. With the tournament running from May 2 to May 15, Valentina Vezzali also admitted there was no vaccine mandate expected to be in place at the time of the event. JUST IN: Serena Williams claims she'd 'be in jail' if she raged at umpire like Alexander Zverev did   Following these comments, Malago thinks Italy would be making the wrong decision by letting Djokovic compete for a sixth crown in Rome. “It absolutely wouldn’t be right,” Malago told Italian state broadcaster RAI. “Even if you shower in a camper and eat and sleep in improvised situations, the message is totally wrong. “I get dozens of emails every day from mums and dads who are furious because their children don’t have the green pass and cannot do sport. DON'T MISS  “Explain to me why a champion who is in the same situation can”. Djokovic returned to the tour at the Dubai National Tennis Championships last month, as no vaccine is required to play in the Middle-Eastern city. He reached the quarter-finals where he suffered a shock loss to Czech player Jiri Vesely in straight sets. As a result, he lost the world number one ranking for the first time in two years and Daniil Medvedev became the first new player to reach the top of the rankings since Andy Murray in 2016.  In other news, Djokovic has split with coach Marian Vajda, bringing their 15-year partnership to an end. The veteran Slovakian, who is one of the most decorated coaches in tennis history, had taken a step back since 2019 when Goran Ivanisevic joined the team. The Serbian won all 20 of his grand slams with Vajda on his team, but the 56-year-old has said he is ready to move on. “After considering all the circumstances, we decided by mutual agreement that we would end our professional cooperation. I remain Djokovic's biggest fan, I will keep my fingers crossed for him and I hope that the world will return to a more normal life," he said. 