Ukrainian resident Sasha joined BBC Breakfast hosts Sally Nugent and Dan Walker on Monday morning to discuss the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. She told Sally that she, her husband and children were still in Kyiv but were safe as they were hidden away. Sasha became emotional when she informed them her grandparents were stranded in Irpin and were unable to speak to them, prompting Sally to ask whether she was happy to continue with the interview. Sally asked: "I know you have elderly grandparents in Irpin, we know that has been heavily shelled, have you heard from them, how are they?" Sasha explained: "No, we haven't heard from them in two days now, so it is almost 48 hours." Sally continued: "And when you last spoke to them, what were the conditions there?" "They were in the basement of their house," Sasha began but quickly became very emotional. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? "And they saw a tank from the window in the basement which had a letter V on it, so..." Seeing that she was struggling to speak about her trapped relatives, Sally asked: "Sasha, I am so sorry. "It must be so difficult for you to talk about this, I know that you are under incredible pressure. Are you ok for me to keep talking to you, are you ok to carry on?" Sasha agreed to continue with the interview and raise awareness for the people who were heavily affected by the war. Sally asked: "What's life been like for you for the last week or so, what is it like day to day there at the moment?" Sasha explained: "Basically, we have had to make a very difficult decision of whether we stay or not, and we decided that we all should stay for a number of reasons. "One of them is Kyiv is guarded really well, it is basically number one safety targets in Ukraine, so we understand a large amount of Ukrainian armed forces are guarding us. "And then the other thing is that it is much safer here in the centre than on the roads from Kyiv because what is happening there is horrendous, and people are just being shot in the roads. "You don't really know where the missile will find you, some of my relatives who are trying to escape through central Ukraine, they arrived there in the evening. "In the morning, they had eight missiles attacking the airport, which was much worse than anything they saw in Kyiv." Viewers of BBC Breakfast were touched by Sasha's courage to talk about her family's situation and took to Twitter to express their support. Paige Feeran wrote: "Absolutely heartbreaking seeing Sasha break down in tears on @BBCBreakfast this morning, I cannot even begin to think about what she is going through." Holly Sumerson commented: "I am a flood of tears this morning watching @BBCBreakfast and their interviews with people from Ukraine." @DaveyBoy55 added: "All my love and support to the people of Ukraine and all the families impacted by the missiles from Russia." @MissSmilesMonday exclaimed: "You can't even begin to imagine how all these people are feeling right now, I hope they find some peace in their country soon." (sic) BBC Breakfast airs everyday from 6am on BBC One.