The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will represent the Queen during their visit to Jamaica, Belize and the Bahamas from March 19 to 26 in this Platinum Jubilee year. Their children Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 6, and Prince Louis, 3, will not be accompanying them, allowing the working parents to spend some time together just the two of them. Royal expert Jennie Bond shared her thoughts with OK! Magazine about how they must feel being away from their children. She said: “I’m sure there’s a part of them that’s looking forward to some child-free time away, like any working parents. “Royal tours are definitely not holidays but I’m sure there’ll be a few moments to hold hands under the stars on the beach.” Kate and William have a nanny to help with their brood, as well as Kate’s devoted parents, but they are known for their hands-on parenting.  Ms Bond noted that they like to get back to their children as quickly as possible after being away from them. Kate has admitted to suffering from “guilt” while balancing her duties as a working mother. When asked if she ever felt guilty the Duchess replied: “Yes absolutely - and anyone who doesn’t as a mother is actually lying.  READ MORE: POLL: Should Royal Family do more for Ukraine or stay out of politics? “Even this morning, George and Charlotte were like, ‘Mummy, how could you possibly not be dropping us off at school this morning’. “It’s a constant challenge - you hear it time after time from mums, even mums who aren’t necessarily working and aren’t pulled in the direction of having to juggle work life and family life. “The more people you have around your children who are safe and loving and caring, the better.”  DON'T MISS:Eight Royal Family members whose titles break royal protocol - list [LIST]Have Your Say: Should Queen allow Meghan & Harry to return part-time? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Queen Maxima of the Netherlands' orange engagement ring - true meaning [REVEAL] Belize will be the first stop for the couple when they touch down, where they will visit historic Mayan sites, explore the country’s fascinating biodiversity and celebrate the Garifuna community culture. Then in Jamaica they will be celebrating the legacy of Bob Marley and spend time with the Jamaican Defence Force. Finishing in the Bahamas, they will experience a world famous Junkanoo parade and visit many local communities. 