Abdikarim Abdalla Ahmed, 18, was knifed last Friday and, despite being treated at the scene, died on arrival at hospital. Yesterday, a 16-year-old boy appeared before magistrates charged with the teenager's murder. Now, Abdikarim's mother - who has not been named by police - has issued a moving statement pleading for other parents to avoid the heartache she now suffers by always talking to their children. She described Abdikarim as "a loving, caring person who helped and looked after his family from a young age". She said: "My beautiful boy Abdi passed away far too young and with his whole life ahead of him. He was taken from us too soon, and in the worst possible way." "My boy was a victim of knife crime. I beg all parents to speak to their children and know what's going on in their lives before their child is taken away." His family are being supported by specialist officers after the incident in Bury, Greater Manchester. A bar owner revealed how he had battled in vain to save Abdikarim after the stabbing. Michael Wood, 52, was outside his Sky Bar on Market Street when Abdikarim ran along the pavement screaming "I've been stabbed" before collapsing. Staff called 999. He said: "I put pressure on his wound. We're all in shock. We did everything we could for the lad." Detective Superintendent Lewis Hughes, of Greater Manchester Police, appealed to the public for information. He said: "This has been a fast-paced investigation and I am pleased to say detectives have made three arrests." "Although they remain in custody for questioning, our investigation is still in its initial stages and we are continuing to appeal to anyone who may have been in the area at the time to come forward. "This incident occurred in daylight in Bury town centre, so it is highly likely there are members of the public who witnessed the assault or may have mobile phone footage from around the town." The 16-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was yesterday remanded in custody. Appearing before Manchester magistrates' court, he spoke only to confirm his date of birth and address. The case was sent to Manchester Crown Court for a further hearing later today.