Queen Elizabeth II is 95 years old and is the longest-reigning British monarch of all time. With a team of the world’s best chefs, Her Majesty has access to the most incredible ingredients. Having spent a lot of her time travelling the globe and experiencing other monarchies and cultures, the Queen will have tasted some unusual and memorable foods. But what are her favourite foods? And is there anything she strictly won’t eat? Darren McGrady is a former chef to the Queen and he previously shared his insider knowledge about the Queen’s eating habits. He explained that Her Majesty “never was a foodie” and preferred traditional British and French cuisine. This is in complete contrast to her husband, Prince Philip, who was a fan of trying new ingredients and dishes. In a series of YouTube Q&A videos, Darren revealed that when he was her chef, between 1982 and 1993, the monarch would sit down for four meals a day; breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea and dinner. In one clip, Darren discussed the Queen’s love for seafood, in particular Morecambe Bay potted shrimp which she had on toast. READ MORE: Royal Family: The food that's never on the Buckingham Palace menu He said: “They’re cooked and marinated in this secret spicy butter and then the Queen would have them with warm toast, and when you spread them on the warm toast, the butter melts.” It comes after the chef said fish would be the monarch’s go-to dish when she wants a starter. He told Hello! magazine: “For a first course she loved the Gleneagles pâté, which is smoked salmon, trout and mackerel.” And there was nothing better than fresh fish caught from one of the Royal Estate’s rivers - probably Balmoral. Darren continued: “She loved using ingredients off the estate, and so if we had salmon from Balmoral from the River Dee, she’d have that. It was one of her favourites. “We used a repertoire of dishes, mainly British and French food. DON'T MISS...Michael Mosley: Best diet for menopausal women to lose weight [INTERVIEW]Petrol price fury: Drivers angered as pump prices rise despite 5p cut [REACTION]How Kate and William display ‘sign of unity and togetherness’ [STYLE] food “We cooked a lot of traditional French food like halibut on a bed of spinach with a Mornay sauce.” In terms of traditional British - and Irish - dishes the Queen favours, “game” was on the menu regularly when Darren was in charge of the royal kitchens. “Things like Gaelic steak, fillet steak with a mushroom whisky sauce, especially if we did it with venison,” he said. Like most people, Her Majesty is also partial to a burger, but hers is served without the bun and eaten with a knife and fork. She also sticks to venison meat and has her patties stuffed with cranberries, according to Darren. But what does the Queen have to complete a meal? Her Majesty loves chocolate. The former royal chef said: “She is absolutely a chocoholic. Anything we put on the menu that had chocolate on, she would choose – especially chocolate perfection pie.” As for the ingredients the Queen wouldn’t eat, she isn’t very adventurous and prefers to stick to what she likes, instead, she saw food as a way to “live”. Darren expanded on this: “She always ate to live rather than live to eat. “Prince Philip was the foodie. He’d want to try any new dishes all the time and got excited about new ingredients, whereas the Queen if we had a new recipe, she’d have to look at the whole recipe before saying, ‘yes okay let’s try it’. “But for the most part she stuck to the same dishes week in week out.” While the queen loved seafood, there is one variety of fish she refuses: oysters. Former royal servant Charles Oliver explained this in his book Dinner at Buckingham Palace. He wrote: “Inevitably there are one or two things the Queen and her husband do not like, and the hosts are duly warned in advance. “The palace instruction states: neither the Queen nor the Duke of Edinburgh like oysters. “The Queen often drinks a glass of red or white wine with her meals as well as orange juice.” It has been widely reported that the Queen also dislikes garlic. When Camilla Parker Bowles appeared on MasterChef Australia back in 2018, she revealed “garlic is a no-no” at Royal banquets.