Marina Ovsyannikova, an editor at Channel One, burst onto the live set holding a sign that read “Don’t believe the propaganda. They’re lying to you here,” and shouting, “No to war!”. In a prerecorded message, the producer decried her association with the broadcaster and her role in spreading “Kremlin propaganda”. She said: “Regrettably, for a number of years, I worked on Channel One and worked on Kremlin propaganda, I am very ashamed of this right now. “Ashamed that I was allowed to tell lies from the television screen. "Ashamed that I allowed the zombification of the Russian people. “We were silent in 2014 when this was just beginning.  READ MORE: A lasting and fair peace the priority for Ukraine - EXPRESS COMMENT "We did not go out to protest when the Kremlin poisoned [opposition leader Alexei] Navalny.” “We are just silently watching this anti-human regime. And now the whole world has turned away from us and the next 10 generations won’t be able to clean themselves from the shame of this fratricidal war.” Ms Ovsyannikova’s father is Ukrainian, and her mother is Russian. The protest was welcomed by Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky.  In a video address on Monday night, he said: “I’m thankful to those Russians who don’t stop trying to deliver the truth, who are fighting against disinformation and tell real facts to their friends and families, and personally to that woman who went in the studio of Channel One with an anti-war poster.” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov described her move as "hooliganism", noting that interference with a live broadcast is a serious offence, punishable by up to 15 years in prison. But now, Ukrainian MPs have said they do not believe Ms Ovsyannikova is a genuine protester, and is actually a part of the propaganda machine being run by President Putin. A Ukrainian MP, Roman Hyrschchuk, claimed the fact some text on the banner held up by Ms Ovsyannikova was in English suggested it was aimed at a western audience – and could have been staged to "start discussion about 'good Russians’ and ‘bad Russians’”.  DON'T MISSGermany's €99.7bn debt nightmare after Covid and Ukraine invasion [INSIGHT]Putin's invasion of Ukraine 'can only be stopped by China' [ANALYSIS]Putin looks to Turkey as Erdogan refuses to scrap arms deal [REPORT] Mr Hyrschchuk said: He added: “In video she talks about ‘brother nations’ of Russia and Ukraine. This is a core narrative of Russian propaganda that is used as explanation of occupation of Ukraine – ‘we are brothers and we should live in one country’. "One more suspicious detail – the largest message on [the] sign is in English. “Both sides of war do not use English on daily basis.” “Why? I see one reason. Sanctions of our allies are powerful and economy of Russia is dying. “Sanctions relief is vital for Russia to continue war and vital for Putin's regime to exist.  “So it is highly possible that Russian propaganda decided to do this performance to influence public opinion in EU, UK and US, to slow down sanctions and start discussion about ‘good Russians’ and ‘bad Russians’”. Rohit Kachroo, Global Security Editor at ITV News said on Wednesday’s Good Morning Britain: “It’s difficult to prove one way or another, but you can just about believe and understand why Ukrainian MPs are making that allegation because none of this is new to them. “They have had to deal with threats, not just militarily, but cyber, also through misinformation online before. “Frankly what I would say in my experience of six weeks here [Kyiv] is that when Ukrainians say stuff like this, it’s worth kind of ignoring what we think we know from the UK perspective, and perhaps listening fairly carefully, because there is a great deal more expertise, far more so here, than anywhere else in Europe.”