Paul Pogba's move away from Manchester United could happen sooner rather than later with rumours that Barcelona are interested in his services once more.  The Frenchman, 29, joined United in 2017 for a then-world record transfer fee of £89million. His career at Old Trafford has had its ups and downs, although for the amount paid, Pogba has rarely produced career-defining moments for his club. Instead of leaving a legend, Pogba will become a free transfer in the summer when his £250,000-per-week contract runs out in early July - leaving fans to think 'what if' he had produced his best form more frequently. Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid and Barcelona have all been credited with an interest in the World Cup winner in the past. But after Barcelona's new £235million Spotify sponsorship was announced last week, the club are no longer financially restricted. And that could have huge ramifications for Pogba's future, with Xavi's men set to offer him a bumper contract to move to Catalonia.  The Blaugrana have leapt to the top three in La Liga under their club legend, and are through to the Europa League quarter-finals after impressive wins over Napoli and Galatasaray. In addition, signings such as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ferran Torres and Adama Traore have all settled in from the Premier League - alongside Pogba's France team-mates Samuel Umtiti, Clement Lenglet and Ousmane Dembele. Their rise under the former midfield maestro could give Pogba a project to work with, especially as the club are likely to finish in the top four if they continue their current form. However, Zinedine Zidane could also play a huge part in deciding his future. His dream goal was to play under the French legend at Real Madrid, but his departure as boss has put an end to that possibility. However, if Zidane is to take control of PSG in replacement of Mauricio Pochettino - who ironically is eyeing a move to United - then that may see Pogba move to the French capital.  Pogba's house was broken into on Wednesday during United's Champions League exit to Atletico Madrid. "Last night our family's worst nightmare was realized when our home was broken into and burglarized while our babies were sleeping in their bedroom," Pogba said after the game. "The burglars were in our home for less than five minutes but in that time they took from us something more valuable than anything we had in our home - our sense of safety and security." 