Arsenal could ruin Tottenham's plans to sign Djed Spence this summer with Spurs reportedly already holding "talks" with the right-back. Spence has emerged as one of the top prospects in his position since the start of the season with a strong belief that he will be playing elite football next season. Currently on loan at Nottingham Forest from Middlesbrough, Spence has impressed in the Championship this season. He's shown his ability in joining in the attack for Forest with five assists and two goals to his name in the league. Spence's performances led to him being called up for England's Under-21 internationals against Andorra and Albania this past week, coming on as a substitute against the latter. But Middlesbrough appear resigned to losing Spence this summer when his loan spell at Forest ends. According to the Evening Standard, 'senior figures' at Middlesbrough are holding out for a fee in the region of £12million. At just 21 years of age and touted as a bright prospect for the future, that price could prove to be a bargain in today's market. JUST IN: Arteta could quit Arsenal after fourth-placed finish claims Neville  Tottenham have supposedly stolen a march on their rivals having already held 'talks' with Spence. But the report adds that Arsenal's interest in Spence could drive up Spence's price and spark a 'bidding war'. Arsenal and Tottenham aren't alone in showing an interest in Spence with Bayern Munich also mentioned. However, the north London rivals may hold an edge with Spence recently admitting that he dreams of playing in the English top flight. DON'T MISS  "I always want to push myself and play with the best players and best team. Of course, it's an ambition of mine to play in the Premier League," he said. "I try to stay level-headed. I don't read too much into it. At the end of the day, I'm just here to enjoy my football. I need to stay focused, have tunnel vision and play well on the pitch. "It's been hard [his journey so far]. But I never worry, really. I know my ability. I know what I'm capable of. I've got a good family behind me that pushes me and mentors me. I've just got to keep moving forward, and opportunities will always rise up. So I've got to be ready to take them." Antonio Conte has struggled to settle on his first-choice right-back with Matt Doherty recently coming in to replace Emerson Royal. Meanwhile, Mikel Arteta already has a solid option in Takehiro Tomiyasu, but the Japan international has dealt with injury issues this year and Arsenal are keen on a steady back-up.