Manchester City megastar Bernardo Silva has opened up on his failed move away from the Etihad. Silva was desperate to leave the Premier League champions last summer, and was reportedly offered to Tottenham as part of a deal for Harry Kane. Silva has been one of the Premier League's standout performers this season. The creative midfielder, 27, has scored ten times and provided three assists in 35 games across all competitions this season. His performances have helped lead Pep Guardiola's side's charge to the title, with City currently six points clear at the summit. But things could have been so different last summer if Silva had got his wish. Ahead of the 2021 summer transfer window, Kane to City was the biggest transfer story by far, with the England captain desperate to quit Tottenham Hotspur. A deal never materialised, however, due to City's reluctance to come close to Spurs' asking price. However, one proposal reportedly made by the champions included swapping Silva, who himself was eager to leave. It seemed bizarre that the midfielder would want to leave, having established himself as a key player for City. But now, he has revealed that his desire to quit the Etihad was driven by the fact he wanted to be closer to family. He told The Times: "I had a talk with the club because I wasn’t happy with my life here, and I wanted to be closer to my family. “But it [wanting to leave] had nothing to do with the club. I love Man City. "I love my team-mates, I love the fans, I love the club. Afterwards, nothing happened. "I stayed, and I will always give my best for this club as long as I stay here." Silva also explained the impact lockdown in the UK had on him and his mental well-being. "I was feeling a little bit alone at the time in England and I wasn’t very happy with my life,” he continued. “And if you’re not happy, you don’t do your job as well as you do when you are happy. "I was well physically, but if you don’t do your job with a smile on your face, you’re not going to do it as well."