It means any classic car built by January 1 1982 will not need to pay road tax from April 1 when the new tax year begins. Experts at Carbuyer have also confirmed “the dates will change” to include 1982 cars from this April. The update means road users with cars registered from 1982 will not need to pay annual vehicle Excise Duty (VED) rates. Owners who apply through the DVLA will be given a ‘historic tax class’. This will allow owners to also apply for exemptions in city-wide Clean Air Zones to avoid daily fees. David Bond, Managing Director at Footman James said there was a range of “fantastic modern classics” now reaching tax exemption. READ MORE: Classic cars should not be taxed the same as commuter cars He said: “We’re starting to see a number of fantastic modern classics from the 1980s reach the 40-year mark so owners can take advantage of the MOT and ULEZ exemption, among other benefits. “Prices are on the rise for vehicles made in this era so you might find that you have a great investment sat in the garage." These included the legendary Vauxhall Cavalier and from 1982, the Sierra. DON'T MISSClassic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [COMMENT]Car tax rules should be changed to allow more classics into cities [ANALYSIS]New car tax changes affecting petrol and diesel cars was a ‘success’ [INSIGHT] The original Volkswagen Polo was produced between 1981 and 1994 so some early models can now be driven without charges. Admiral also flagged the Fiat Panda, Honda Accord and Austin Metro as iconic models from the 1980s. Rally fans may also be able to drive the famous Audi Quattro tax free within weeks. Some models arrived in the UK in 1981 but many of the right-hand versions did not get made until 1982. The current DVLA rolling tax exemption system was reinstated in 2015. The UK previously had a rolling tax exemption but this was scrapped in 1997. From then on cars were only exempt from fees if they were built before 1972. At the time of launch, HM Revenue and Customs confirmed the measure was “not expected to have any significant economic impacts”. They expected around 10,000 classic cars to be added to the exemption every year. HMRC confirmed the rule was introduced to “support classic vehicles”. The report said the Government considers classic cars as an “important part of the nation’s historical heritage”.