Novak Djokovic will not have any issue agreeing new sponsorship deals despite being dropped by Peugeot, according to his brother. The world No 1 could reportedly lose up to £23million if Lacoste also cut ties with the tennis star. Djokovic lost his partnership with Peugeot earlier this year. “No, we will not continue with the sponsorship of Djokovic," Carlos Tavares, the CEO of the Stellantis Group which owns Peugeot, confirmed to El Espanol last month. And the 34-year-old, who is a strong sceptic of the Covid vaccine, could lose Lacoste in another financial blow. Venus Williams recently became the face of the clothing manufacturer, placing doubt on Djokovic’s ties. Djokovic has sported the iconic Lacoste crocodile logo on his sportswear for the last five years. Luzerner Zeitung claim he could lose his £6.8m per year association with the brand.   JUST IN: Djokovic served warning as star dubbed 'mini-Nadal' tipped to stun him However, Djokovic’s brother, Djordje, has insisted that the 20-times Grand Slam champion will have no issues agreeing sponsorship deals with other brands if he loses Lacoste. He said: “I don't believe they will have problems with sponsors. Novak is a man, an athlete, eagerly awaiting his return and we hope that this return will be even better than in Dubai.” Djokovic has continued to struggle to get into events this year following his Australian Open ordeal. He remains unvaccinated against Covid and many nations still require full vaccination for entry. It meant that Djokovic was unable to compete at the Miami Open and Indian Wells this month. However, he regained his place as the top-ranked player in the world after Daniil Medvedev lost to Gael Monfils at Indian Wells.   DON'T MISS...Osaka hits back at Tsitsipas' suggestion about women's tennisNovak Djokovic's rumoured new coach brutally takes down Roger Federer'Disrespectful' Azarenka slammed for storming off court at Miami Open Djokovic was deported from Australia in January following an incredible legal back and forth with the Australian government. The Serb was given a medical exemption by Tennis Australia but immigration minister Alex Hawke wanted him to be refused entry. An initial court ruling found in favour of Djokovic, but an appeal saw him deported. His participation at future Grand Slams is unclear. Djokovic will likely be able to defend his French Open title in May, though. The French government relaxed restrictions earlier this month, meaning he is currently expected to compete.   