Izzie Balmer, who regularly features on Antiques Road Trip, has been announced as the latest antiques expert to join the BBC show. Bargain Hunt teased her arrival on their Twitter account earlier in the week and viewers were thrilled to see she would be making her debut on Friday’s episode. Bargain Hunt teased on their official Twitter account: “On tomorrow's brand new episode of #BBCBargainHunt, we also have a brand new EXPERT making their debut on the show! “Well known in the antiques world, who is this mystery expert? “Take your guesses below and the answer will be revealed later today!” The show shared three images to tease who the expert was with many correctly guessing Izzie. READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail Mark Hood posted: “I would love too see Battle of the newbies izzie vs irita marriott.” (sic) Mike Ross replied: “It’s the laughter and giggles of our favorite izzie. What delightful news. Always brightens our day.” “It's the wonderful @izziebalmer720 and about time,” posted Dave B. “Be still my beating heart.” Peter Skein commented: “She's awesome dazzling the queen of the crop and we can't wait to see the delightful Izzie B.” Bargain Hunt went on to confirm it was Izzie, sharing a follow up post of Izzie on the job. Izzie could be seen smiling as she held up stunning jewellery pieces and appeared in front of the show’s logo. They captioned the snaps: “And…. you were right folks, tomorrow's new expert is the one and only @IzzieBalmer720 so tune in tomorrow @BBCOne @ 12:15pm to see her in action!!” Fans will be able to see Izzie on hand to offer advice and tips to the teams appearing on Bargain Hunt on Friday March 4. READ MORE: Ochuko Ojiri age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? [INSIGHT]Bargain Hunt’s Caroline Hawley opens up on guilty pleasure [INTERVIEW]Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with? [LATEST] Izzie has previously opened up about feeling unprepared for her role in the antiques industry. The expert got a call from Charles Hanson in 2016 asking her to step in for him on Bargain Hunt. With just a few minutes to go until the auction began filming, Izzie didn’t have much time to prep for her first TV appearance. “I suddenly got a phone call from Charles five minutes before the auction was due to start at 10am,” she recalled to Great British Life. “He was en route to Birmingham and wanted to offer me a few pearls of wisdom to help things go well. It was his way of telling me I was going on TV. “There were no other auctioneers available, it had to be me. I had to auction the Bargain Hunt lots in front of the cameras.” Izzie went on to add: “I hadn’t had a chance to see the items coming up for auction or think about how to describe them. I was completely unprepared!" Bargain Hunt airs weekdays on BBC One from 12.15pm.