Lewis Hamilton has addressed his secret advantage heading to this weekend’s night-time Saudi Arabian Grand Prix given he has won the most night races in F1. Hamilton has achieved 16 wins at night-time events since they were introduced at the end of 2008.  He was asked if Hamilton had a “secret” when racing at night or just "work differently” in the evenings. Hamilton said: “Yeah I pretty much am nocturnal yeah. I don't think so, we probably all do the same. I don’t really notice a huge difference from day to night. I guess just temperature and track surface is different, is probably the only thing. “Night races are awesome, especially when the track cools it makes it a little bit easier for us to do what we do in terms of making these tyres which struggle to last on the hotter tracks. I think I’ve just been fortunate that we've hit the sweet spot for most of the night races.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton unhappy with F1 chiefs for Saudi Arabian GP changes Hamilton’s win set up the Abu Dhabi finale which Verstappen eventually won in controversial circumstances. New Mercedes man George Russell defended the Silver Arrows in today’s press conference. He said there were a “number of reasons” why Mercedes were struggling and it was not solely down to the power unit. It comes after reporter Dieter Rencken asked whether Saudi would be the “acid test" of power unit performance between Ferrari and Mercedes. He said: “There’s always room to improve but I think the Williams with the Mercedes power unit in the back was the fastest car on the straights in Bahrain. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton could quit F1 if Mercedes can't challenge for wins [INSIGHT]Leclerc tipped to replace Hamilton as Verstappen rivalry reignited [COMMENT]Hamilton, Leclerc and Verstappen told to expect Saudi GP 'crash fest' [ANALYSIS] "There’s a number of reasons why I think we were struggling. I think we had more wing on compared to the Red Bull and Ferrari. The Porpoising issues aren’t helping things either as we are just crashing into the floor as opposed to skating along on top of the surface. “We will have to wait and see but I don’t think it’s purely down to the power unit.”