Although Mr Trump has yet to formally launch his Presidential campaign it’s widely thought he is interested in standing having previously hinted his supporters would be “very happy”. In an interview with The Washington Examiner, Mr Trump slammed Mr Pence saying “the people” wouldn’t accept him standing on the Republican ticket in two years’ time and that the former Indiana Governor thought he would be a “human conveyer belt” when in office.  Mr Trump also blamed Mr Pence for voting to endorse the result of the 2020 US Presidential election and blasted Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell as “old crow”. He said: “I don't think the people would accept it. I still like Mike. “Mike and I had a great relationship except for the very important factor that took place at the end. “I haven't spoken to him in a long time.  “Mike thought he was going to be a human conveyor belt, that no matter how fraudulent the votes, you have to send them up to the Old Crow.” Mr Trump continues to claim that the results of the 2020 US Presidential Election were fraudulent despite no compelling evidence. The former US President claims that Mr Pence could have rejected the votes of the electoral college at a joint session of Congress on 6 January 2021. Mr Trump led a rally outside with protesters chanting “Hang Mike Pence” before many stormed the building attempting to stop the election results being ratified while the former Vice President went into hiding. READ MORE: Putin invasion in tatters as Russian tanks decimated  Mr Trump later said the threats against Pence were “common sense” and that “people were very angry” as the former VP went into hiding. In a reference to attempts by US lawmakers to reform the way electoral votes were counted, Mr Trump reaffirmed his claim that Mr Pence could have acted in January 2021. He said: “They are feverishly working to try and get it so that the vice president cannot do what Mike said he couldn't do.” Mr Pence has attempted to distance himself from Mr Trump’s claims he could have overturned the electoral results. DON'T MISS:  Putin hints at imminent climbdown as Russia sets out key demand  [REVEAL] Putin Shambles: Russian forces routed - column wiped out VIDEO  [INSIGHT] UK just made Ukrainian skies much deadlier place for Putin’s pilots [SPOTLIGHT] He said: “President Trump is wrong. I had no right to overturn the election.” As Mr Pence is exploring his own run for The White House in 2024, he is distancing his positions from those of the former President. For example while Mr Trump described the Russian invasion of Ukraine as “genius” and “very savvy”, Mr Pence has argued that supporters of Vladimir Putin should have no place in The Republican Party. 