The 95-year-old monarch was supported by the Duke of York as she attended the event at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. The shock move came just weeks after Andrew paid millions out of court to settle a civil sexual assault case. He vehemently denies all the allegations against him. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu took to Twitter to fume over the Duke's central role at the memorial service. The commentator blasted: "It was a slap in the face to see the Queen as Head of State publicly endorse disgraced Prince Andrew with such a prominent role at Prince Philip's memorial service. "Like all is forgiven and forgotten? It’s not. "Royal Family don’t care what we think or feel. Entitled galore. Shameful." Andrew was front and centre at the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service as he accompanied his frail mother, who used a walking stick, to her seat. It comes after the Duke stepped back from royal duties in 2019 in the wake of his disastrous Newsnight interview over his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. And in January, he was stripped of his honorary military titles and patronages, and agreed to stop using his HRH style amid his legal battle. Virginia Giuffre was suing Andrew for allegedly sexually assaulting her when she was 17 after being trafficked by Epstein. READ MORE: Queen 'reluctantly' gave into royal demands to sideline Andrew At the time, Buckingham Palace said: "The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen." Although the Duke and Ms Giuffre have now settled the case, the agreement is not an admission of guilt from the Duke and he has always strenuously denied the allegations against him. Andrew's prominent appearance at the memorial service for Philip sparked a mixed reaction from commentators. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Kate reassured 'overwhelmed' Charlotte at memorial [LIVE BLOG]Royal fans erupt as Charlotte following in Queen and Anne's footsteps [ANALYSIS]Royal fan fury over Prince Harry's absence from Philip's memorial [INSIGHT] Royal historian Hugo Vickers said the Duke's role at the service was "entirely correct and appropriate", describing it as a "nice gesture". He said the Queen "needs an arm" and asked: "Who better than her son?" Mr Vickers said if she took the arm of an official it would look "rather sad". Former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt added: "It didn't happen by chance. He could have sat in the congregation with others, with his relatives, but they actively decided that he would have this role of supporting her. "So she has chosen, in essence, to remind people that he hasn't admitted any wrongdoing, he's not guilty of anything, he's innocent. And she's very clearly stating that he has a role at family occasions." Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, said Andrew's role of escorting the Queen may have been a matter of "practicality" as much as anything else. 