Former Formula 1 world champion Jenson Button has identified Lando Norris’ bumper five-year contract with McLaren as an unnecessary move for the Brit. McLaren have struggled in the early stages of the 2022 season and are clearly not as far up the grid pecking order as many expected. In February, Norris signed a long-term deal which saw him finish sixth in the Drivers’ Standings while he starred alongside teammate Daniel Ricciardo. Norris’ performances ensured McLaren were in the fight for third in the Constructors’ Championship throughout the season, although Ferrari eventually won out. However, it has been a difficult start to the season, with both cars failing to score points in Bahrain before Norris finally put the team on the board in Saudi Arabia last weekend. Button - who drove for McLaren for eight seasons - told Sky Sports F1 that Norris may have made the wrong decision in signing such a long deal, particularly ahead of new regulations. “For Lando, it was surprising that he signed such a long contract at the start of his career,” the 2009 world champion said. “We all want to be team players but you never know where the team is going to be in three years.” READ MORE: Toto Wolff to grab Mercedes team 'by scruff of neck' after poor start “And also, this is going to be a big hit. Five years to go and he is going to be like, ‘Oh, okay’. But all he can do is go back to the team, tell them what the issues are and try and resolve them.” Norris finished P7 in last weekend’s chaotic Saudi Arabian Grand Prix to secure McLaren’s first points of the season while Ricciardo broke down when going well. The 22-year-old chiefly took advantage of a series of safety cars to finish inside the top 10 and earn six points. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen accused of being 'a nuisance' with repeat tactic Ricciardo demands Mercedes fix engine issues as McLaren struggleAlonso won't retire from F1 for two years as Alpine told 'dream big' He and teammate Ricciardo finished 15th and 14th respectively in the opening week in Bahrain, with their machinery appearing to be well off the pace. Button believes McLaren can bounce back if they work together and strive to develop the car throughout the season. “This is a great team,” Button added. “They've won multiple championships, they have a lot of new people in place that are also very skilled. It's about that team building, that team staying together and developing the car as well as they can.” The 22-race 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Australian Grand Prix on April 10.