Queen Maxima of the Netherlands, 50, met refugees from Ukraine at the Humanitarian Service Point in Amsterdam on Wednesday, March 16. The royal looked fantastic in a stunning yellow jumpsuit from Natan Couture. The Dutch Queen has worn the jumpsuit many times before.  The piece retails for £399.99 and being yellow, it was a very sentimental nod to the Ukrainian flag. Maxima paired this with a blue coat that has been seen many times before on her daughter, Princess Catharina Amalia. The yellow jumpsuit and blue coat made the perfect nod to Ukraine through her wardrobe. The Queen continued her nods to Ukraine through her accessories.  READ MORE: Queen Maxima of the Netherlands' orange engagement ring - true meaning Queen Maxima accessorised with a mini-Bandita bag from Rough Studios. The bag featured a blue and golden print, again another sentimental nod to the war in Ukraine. The piece retails for a whopping £250.54 online. For footwear, the royal wore a pair of Gianvito Rossi 105 yellow suede heel shoes.  Kate Middleton is a royal who often wears Gianvito Rossi heel shoes over in the UK. Similarly, Sophie, Countess of Wessex has been wearing these heels whilst over in New York. The suede yellow shoes perfectly completed the royal’s blue and yellow outfit as she met refugees fleeing from a war crisis. Queen Maxima has been seen wearing these shoes since 2016, and they retail online for £560.  The Queen wore her blonde hair simply brushed down straight on either side of her face. She could also be seen wearing yellow hoop earrings and gold bracelets on her wrists. Maxima could be seen with heavy eye makeup and pink lipstick to perfectly complete her look for the day. Royal fans were very impressed with Maxima’s outfit for the day.  Instagram user @thedevilwearspanda said: “Love this colour combo, she nailed it and super apt for the event as well.” Another royal fan, @myroyalaccount wrote: “True Queen! Love her!” Royal watcher @meduzagorgon added: “What a nice combination of blue and yellow!” Social media user @noiresmum commented saying: “Got to love empowering fashion to have a visual voice.” 