The former Brexit minister warned the move by Brussels would not "suit UK armed forces or UK taxpayers" as he laid out his opinions on the UK's future relationship with the EU after its exit from the bloc. Lord David Frost said many in Whitehall would support closer defence ties with the EU for "influence".  He tweeted: "UK ministers need to watch carefully the distinction between foreign policy cooperation & getting sucked in to the EU's emerging defence industrial strategy. "Many in Whitehall will want to join to get 'influence'. But it won't necessarily suit UK armed forces or UK taxpayers." Mr Frost’s warning comes after Director of Chatham House, Dr Robin Niblett, called for the UK to work with the EU in light of the Russia Ukraine war. He urged the UK to repair its relations with the Brussels bloc, including the EU’s defence plans. He said, otherwise, the UK could find "itself excluded from deeper defence industrial and technological cooperation". Dr Niblett told The Guardian: “The risk otherwise is that the UK could find itself excluded from deeper defence industrial and technological cooperation within the EU.   READ MORE: Claims of 100k post-Brexit banker exodus 'unfounded' “A more specific UK–EU dialogue on security could also emerge from the Russia–Ukraine crisis. "That could include the establishment of a sanctions review group that would ensure alignment on the timing and targets of sanctions, as well as conditions for their lifting.” As Russia steps up its vicious war on Ukraine, security concerns across Europe have been highlighted, with the bloc under pressure to increase military mobility.  DON'T MISSFinancial firms remain in the UK despite Brexit fears [INFO]Brexit LIVE: UK taxpayers rejoice as Macron coughs up £20,000 [BLOG]Have your say: Is the EU taking Brexit revenge with new court battle? [POLL] French President Emmanuel Macron has been a key voice in calling for the EU to shore up its defence in response to Putin's aggression. During an address on prime-time television in France, Mr Macron said earlier in March: "We can no longer depend on others to feed us, care for us, inform us, finance us. “We cannot depend on others to defend us, whether on land, at sea, under the sea, in the air, in space or in cyberspace. In this respect, our European defence must take a new step forward.  “War in Europe no longer belongs in our history books or schoolbooks, it is here, before our eyes. Democracy is no longer considered an unquestionable system, it is questioned, before our eyes. Our freedom, that of our children, is no longer a given. “To this brutal return of tragedy in history, we must respond with historic decisions.” In a new executive summary draft of the document, called Strategic Compass, seen by Politico, EU ambassadors said: "By the end of 2022, we will take new commitments with the aim to substantially enhance and invest in Military Mobility and will agree on an ambitious, revised Action Plan.” 