Paul Pogba has given the clearest indicator that he is ready to end his time at Manchester United this summer. It comes after comments made with the France squad where he described his season as “dead”. Pogba has given his most honest interview yet on his time at United after admitting that the season is now “dead". The Frenchman is out of contract at the end of the season and it is looking likelier by the day that he will leave. After six years at Old Trafford, Pogba’s time at the club is coming to a whimpering end amid several seasons of speculation over his future. After being brought in for a then-world record fee of £89million, it might be fair to say that the midfielder has largely failed to impress. And while currently on international duty, the 29-year-old has revealed that he could leave this summer in search of trophies after being left disillusioned with the lack of success at United. Paris Saint-Germain were even talked up as a potential destination to play alongside his fellow compatriots. “You have to be honest, the last five seasons have not satisfied me – really not at all,” Pogba told French publication Le Figaro. “This year it is dead, we won't win anything. Whether it is with Manchester United or at another club, I want to win trophies.” Pogba helped United win the Carabao Cup and Europa League in his first season with Jose Mourinho in charge back in 2016/17. But since then, the Red Devils have failed to lift a single piece of silverware in their longest trophy drought since the 1970s. The France international was asked by Le Figaro on his thoughts on joining PSG while also bemoaning his position at United: "Why not? It's always nice to play with your teammates in the national team and club. It's simple with France, I play and I play in my position – I know my role and I feel the confidence of the coach and the players. "It's normal to feel a difference at Manchester United because it's hard to be consistent when you often have a change to your position, or the team system, or your partners. I get along very well with [France boss Didier Deschamps], he gave me a role that I know, but at Manchester United do I really have a role? I ask the question but I don't have an answer." Pogba has had a nightmare campaign with injuries this season after a hamstring problem back in November with the national team saw him miss over three months of action. Despite playing just 16 Premier League matches, though, he has still registered nine assists but has scored just one. Several clubs have been linked with the World Cup winner during his time at United while his agent Mino Raiola has been keen to drum up interest. The likes of Real Madrid, Barcelona, PSG and Juventus have all been mentioned as potential destinations for the midfielder.