Kevin Sefton, CEO of untied, has called on the Government to increase HMRC mileage rates for the upcoming new tax year. He said the Spring Statement which was unveiled last week comes at a time when drivers are facing a “triple whammy” of costs, as well as record petrol and diesel prices. He highlighted inflation rates soaring to a 30-year-high, a fiscal drag from frozen tax allowances and National Insurance increases from April. Mr Sefton called on the Government, saying: “It’s time to increase the mileage rates. “This will help those who are doing business mileage as part of their employment. “But we’re seeing particular concern among self-employed delivery drivers and others earning through platforms. READ MORE: ‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists “For them, the cost of their vehicle is often their key expense.” Drivers can claim for a reimbursement if they are used on trips including travelling to meet a client for work, travelling from an office to another work location or when travelling to a conference. Drivers cannot claim for commuting from home to work and back or personal trips like picking family members up. Mileage rates which are approved by HMRC were last changed in 2011. DON'T MISSWheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [INSIGHT]Shocked builder handed 51 driving fines in a day [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [ANALYSIS] The rates set the benchmark for what employers reimburse their staff, and what self-employed claim as expenses. They are 45p per mile for cars and vans for the first 10,000 miles. After that benchmark, the rate is cut to 25p per mile. Employers can also reimburse staff at a rate of 24p per mile for motorcycles and 20p for bicycles. Kevin Sefton added: “For people in their position, claiming mileage is meant to be a simplification covering all the costs of the vehicle, including the vehicle itself, maintenance, fuel and insurance. “But it’s a simplification that they tell us is now costing them money compared to apportioning the actual vehicle costs. “These are rising because of the increasing price of fuel and vehicles, especially those that are second hand. “Higher mileage rates would be a welcome acknowledgement of these rising costs.” Many drivers are concerned that as a result of record fuel prices, in addition to household bills increasing, the mileage rate will not cover costs. While the Government did cut fuel duty rates by five pence per litre to address fuel costs, many were frustrated that there weren't any other protections for drivers. According to driversnote, if a motorist travels with two or more people from the same company, they can ask their employer for an additional 5p per mile passenger charge for each additional passenger. This can only happen if everyone who travels with the driver is employed by the same company. Although this is possible, employers are not obliged to pay a passenger rate.