Manchester United's board are reportedly considering offloading Ralf Rangnick before the end of the season as they have supposedly conceded it was a 'mistake' to hire the German coach. The Red Devils were in disarray at the start of the season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer with pressure mounting on the club's board to bring in a new manager. United's decision to wait on sacking Solskjaer meant they missed out on a chance to bring in Antonio Conte, who ended up taking over at Tottenham. Mauricio Pochettino was reportedly the top choice, but Paris Saint-Germain weren't willing to let him walk away midway through the season. United ended up surprising many with the announcement Rangnick would come in on an interim basis until the end of the season, where he will then move into a consultancy role. Rangnick is highly regarded in the world of football, but his last job in top-flight management was back in 2019. But there was an instant boost at Old Trafford following Rangnick's arrival as he soon steadied the ship. He won six of his opening nine matches to help United move back into top-four contention. JUST IN: West Ham told two things they can do to stop Rice from joining Man Utd  However, results have taken a turn for the worse since the start of February with just three wins in their last seven league matches. They also exited the Champions League on a whimper at the hands of Atletico Madrid after a disappointing performance at Old Trafford. Atletico appeared there for the taking, but United were lacklustre in front of goal while some defensive errors cost them in the end. It's now going to be five seasons without winning a trophy for the Red Devils and pressure is mounting on Rangnick to secure Champions League football for next season. DON'T MISS  Rangnick is not expected to be in the running for the job on a full-time basis beyond the summer, but Spanish publication AS indicate the German coach may not even last that long. It is reported that the United board accept they made a 'mistake' on hiring Rangnick as Solskjaer's replacement. Erik ten Hag is touted as the favourite to replace Rangnick, but no final decision has been made as of yet. Reports emerged this month that Ten Hag had been taking English lessons in preparation for taking the job at Old Trafford. But the Ajax boss has distanced himself from those reports, insisting they speak English at the Dutch club on a regular basis. "No, that's not true!" he told BT Sport, in perfect English. "We talk English in the club because we have a lot of foreign players in Holland you get educated in English. So..."