Electronic music fans can finally look forward to a host of amazing events after two years of cancellations. With 2022 shaping up to be a grand return of festivals, there is something for everyone either at home in the UK or further afield. Express.co.uk has all the details on the best line-ups, how to book and where to go if you fancy something completely different. Set across eight stages of diverse music, In It Together is a festival for everyone no matter your music taste. Noel Gallagher’s High Flying Birds, Two Door Cinema Club and Clean Bandit will headline the weekend of music. Other artists include The Vaccines, The Editors, Tinie Tempah, Roger Sanchez, Dan Shake, Armand Van Helden and Todd Terry. The festival will take place in Margam, Wales from Friday, June 3rd to Sunday, June 5th. Dedicated campsites for 16 to 17-year-olds, a quieter campsite for those looking to relax and a louder one for party animals makes this a festival for every lover of music. Read more: Holi festivals 2022: What events are taking place in the UK? Last year saw the debut for Liverpool community-minded The One In The Woods. The weekend of Techno and Drum and Bass is the work of The One Promotions, a group of friends who promote events across Liverpool and Manchester. This year the festival will take place across Friday, June 3rd and Saturday, June 4th in Liverpool. Bastia, Luke Slater, Kings of the Rollers, and The Prototypes are just some of the artists performing. After two years away because of the Covid pandemic, Hideout Festival is putting on a show like no other for its 10th anniversary. Hideout will take place across five days from Sunday, July 3rd to Thursday, July 7th in Zrce, Pag Island, Croatia. Electronic music fans can expect sets from CamelPhat, Mike Skinner, Sonny Fodera, Andy C and Jamie Jones. Eats Everything, Skream, Horse Meat Disco and Paul Woolford will also perform among a host of others. DON'T MISSMichael Jackson apologised for 'stealing' his biggest hit single [INTERVIEW]Billy Idol guitarist Steve Stevens true feelings on Rebel Yell ray gun [INSIGHT]ABBA London shows tickets: Best seats STILL available for opening week [INSIGHT] We Are FSTVL returns to Damyns Hall Aerodrome, Upminster, East London on the first weekend of August. The UK’s biggest independent dance festival will take place on Saturday, August 6th and Sunday, August 7th. Celebrating the very best in House, Urban, Bass, Techno, and Drum and Bass, music fans will not be disappointed. The lineup includes Andy C, Armand Van Helden, Craig David TS5, CamelPhat, Jamie Jones, KSI and Rudimental DJ. If you fancy going further afield in August, Les Plages Electroniques will take place from Friday, August 5th to Sunday, August 7th in Cannes, France. The festival is returning with a new format as artists from the worlds of electronic music, rap and pop come together. David Guetta, Martin Garrix and Charlotte De White, Paul Kalkbrenner and Damso will perform. Up to 60,000 people are expected over the three days with artists set to play on a range of beautiful stages on the beach. After a year’s hiatus due to the pandemic, MDLBEAST’S Soundstorm returned with a bang in December 2021 with 732,000 attendees from all over the world. Electronic music lovers descended upon the Riyadh desert in Saudi Arabia with 184 artists from more than 20 countries playing over eight stages. There were 10 Saudi female artists including Cosmicat playing alongside international stars such as David Guetta and Carl Cox. MDLBEAST’s Soundstorm will return in December 2022 and the lineup will be released in due course. Tickets for the festivals can be purchased here: In It Together 2022, The One In The Woods, Hideout Festival, We Are FSTVL, Les Plages Electroniques, MDLBEAST Soundstorm.