Our House, which has been described as a hybrid of thriller and emotional drama, landed on ITV on Monday evening. The four-part series tells the tale of an estranged husband and wife called Fiona (played by Tuppence Middleton) and Bram Lawson (Martin Compston). The series is tipped to turn Tuppence into a household name, but is the star related to the Duchess of Cambridge?  The 35-year-old actress is perhaps best known for starring in Downton Abbey as Lucy Smith in the first film, and she still also star in the sequel. However, she is now taking the lead in Our House which is based on the best-selling 2018 novel of the same name by Louise Candlish. The story follows how her character Fi arrives home one day to discover removal workers on her doorstep and strangers moving into her house. She believes a huge mistake has been made and insists her house is not for sale, but her family's possessions and furniture are nowhere to be seen.  READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? As everything starts to spiral out of her control, her panic escalates when she cannot get hold of her estranged husband Bram. Our House switches between two different timelines, the first is when Bram and Fi are a happily married couple moving into their new home. The second is set in the present day where they still live together but have almost separate lives, apart from taking care of their children. After Fi is shown all the correct paperwork to confirm the house sale which she knew nothing about all eyes are on her estranged husband who seems to have vanished.  Tuppence recently opened up about why she wanted to star in Our House saying: “You have this present-day thriller, which just kind of unravels and becomes more and more incredible as it goes along,” she said at the launch of the show. “And then you have this tragic love story, and you’re sort of charting the breakdown of this relationship," she told Entertainment Daily. “And really, for me, it was about making the differences between those [timelines] clear and also charting the journey in a way that felt like you were keeping the momentum going without giving the game away too soon.” Over the coming days, ITV viewers will watch the mystery unfold as the series is airing over four consecutive nights.  DON'T MISS...Our House viewers complain new ITV series is too ‘dark’ [LATEST]Downton Abbey: Who is Tuppence Middleton and who does she play? [EXPLAINER] EXCLUSIVE: War and Peace star Tom Burke rubbishes 'sexed up' claims [EXCLUSIVE]  Is Tuppence Middleton related to Kate Middleton? Tuppence was raised in Clevedon in Somerset, with younger her older sister Angel and younger brother Josh. She studied acting at the Arts Educational School in Chiswick, London, where she received an honours degree in acting after attending Bristol Grammar School. She has gone on to star in a range of films including, the Oscar-nominated The Imitation Game, the comedy Fisherman’s Friends and Jupiter Ascending.   Despite sharing a surname with the Duchess of Cambridge, and fans drawing similarities between their appearances, they are not related in any way. This has not stopped people from speaking about Tuppence's similarities to the Duchess or her 38-year-old sister Pippa. The actress has said: “Since Kate Middleton came around, some people think I’m related to her, but unfortunately, there’s no connection.” While they may not be related, many fans believe she would be an ideal fit for playing the future queen in a film or series about her life. Our House continues tonight at 9pm on ITV, with the final episode airing on Thursday. 