House prices continue to soar across the UK, with the average property price exceeding £260,000 for the first time, according to Nationwide's latest House Price Index (HPI). However, there are even more ways you can work to up the value of your home and dazzle potential buyers - particularly when it comes to upcycling. Upcycling sees people reuse objects or materials to create a product of higher quality or value than the original. This could be anything from reupholstering a chair, to revamping a built-in wardrobe with plywood you have tucked away in the garage. According to two experts, these DIY tasks can work wonders when trying to sell your property - with one, in particular, having the potential to add much as £10,000 onto the initial value of your home. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Elaine Penhaul, interiors expert and owner of national home staging company Lemon and Lime Interiors, said: "The right furniture can really transform the setting and emotion a person feels when walking into a home. READ MORE: How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps "If your furniture’s style and colour match the rest of the property’s décor and colours it is more likely that the value of your home will increase as the overall home looks ‘finished’ and therefore more appealing. "A statement lamp or armchair will even make your home memorable for a potential buyer, it’s a great way to differentiate your home as the one they want to buy from the other similar properties they have seen." Even though these items may not be sold with the home, the right staging can help buyers see the potential a space holds. But the right statement item doesn't necessarily mean hitting the shops in search of something new. DON'T MISS‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [COMMENT]How to clean a shower cubicle: 5 things you should never miss [EXPLAINER] DIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [PICTURES] Joanne Condon, upcycling expert and teacher for the online creative learning community Domestika, told Express.co.uk: "Instead of throwing out old furniture, changing the function of an item can be a really effective way of reducing waste and adding value to the home." Dead space is one key area an upcycling project can inject new life into. Though empty corners and alcoves might make a room seem sparse, according to the experts, these spaces provide an opportunity to show off the storage opportunities on offer. Ms Penhaul said: "Large spaces should be filled with sizeable and functional furniture that make the home look comfortable and liveable – an empty space means the house can often feel like the space is unusable for a potential buyer. "Smaller spaces should obviously show an effective use of space introducing clever storage facilities – so furnishings that offer this are great to implement." For Condon, this was as simple as digging out some old kitchen drawers. She said: "I have shelved out really cool wardrobes into pantry presses, separated kitchen drawers to be used as a sideboard and shelving unit and transformed an old vanity table into my now favourite office desk." But it isn't just furniture that upcycling can play a pivotal role in elevating. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea There is one key renovation taking over the likes of Instagram and TikTok that can boost your "curb appeal" by thousands. Ms Penhaul explained: "It's the extra touches that count. "Rather than spending a fortune on refitting new frames on windows that look tired, spray your existing ones with a lick of paint to give them a new lease of life, and possibly add up to £10,000 to your house value. "Also improving curb appeal, why not ensure your front door stands out, research shows that a fresher front door with finishing touches like a bespoke door number can add anywhere between £500-£4,000 to your house.”