Tallulah Willis, daughter of Hollywood stars Demi Moore and Bruce Willis, has issued a health update after undergoing surgery. The 27-year-old explained she had undergone a rhinoplasty to fix her deviated septum. The surgery appears to have been a great success, as the actress revealed she took her first proper deep breath in for 17 years. She beamed into the camera in a photo with her surgeon, before posting the snap on Instagram to commemorate the day. “back with the tender wizard today for another convo re: my wonkadoodle breathing passages  !! (sic),” she wrote. “I haven’t taken a true full inhale in maybe 17 years and it became left on the internal shelf of “just deal with it”. “BUT!!! people like my buddo @drjasondiamond are here to help!!” The star added: “truly an exquisite delight each time I get to visit his office (sic)”. The doctor commented on the picture, quipping: “So many laughs today”. Tallulah’s fans flocked to wish her a speedy recovery.  Kimberly wrote: “Hope everything goes well … Sending Love to you and your family”. The Whole Ten Yards star Tallulah has previously opened up on her struggle to accept herself and the way she looks. She admitted she used to “punish” herself for not looking like her famous mother, Demi. Tallulah said she felt as if she resembled more her actor father Bruce which gave her a complex about appearing “masculine”. She shared on Instagram: “I punished myself for not looking like my mom, after being told I was BW twin since birth. “I resented the resemblance as I believed wholly my 'masculine' face was the sole reason for my unlovability. “FALSE! I was/am inherently valuable and worthy, at any life stage, at any size, with any hairdo! (As are you).” Tallulah went on to give advice on how to avoid triggering body dysmorphia, like being mindful of “potential triggering imagery” on social media and putting towels on mirrors. She recommended: “Find a safe person, circle, community with who you can vocalize the triggering moment/current obsession/spiral. “Go for a walk and listen to music. Take a bath and smear body oil/ lotion all over your tender skin… “Write. Word vomit EVERYTHING that is gurgling within your mind onto a piece of paper and then tear it up or burn it. “Let it flow out of you and no longer take up the precious space in your mind. Breathe. Close your eyes. REMEMBER that you are allowed to take things 5 minutes at a time for as long as you need to.”