A clip from Russian TV shows a former defence minister criticising Vladimir Putin’s military plan and labelling Russian leadership as disorganised and weak. The ex-military leader, Igor Girkin, boldly described the Russian defence minister as a “paper commander” who is incapable of a sophisticated military operation. Putin “can’t come up with more troops out of thin air”, acknowledged Girkin, but he also accused Putin of failing to “admit that he fell short.”    Girkin remained confident in his bold claims, declaring that the audience can “call me a traitor” but he would continue to voice his controversial opinion. Stanislav Kucher, a former Russian TV host appeared on CNN to analyse the video clip. “These are some really aggressive things to say,” said CNN presenter Erin Burnett, in shock after viewing the footage. Mr Kucher said: “This says to me that there is confusion in the Russian elite." Kucher confirmed the identity of Girkin in the video and explained he “was the defence minister of Donbass”, a region on the Russian-Ukrainian border.    “In the past few years, he has been very critical of the Russian government” added Kucher, speaking of Girkin’s past record. According to Mr Kucher, Girkin claimed the Russian Government is “not persistent enough” and Putin’s regime struggles to achieve their military goals. In the past, Girkin voiced the need for Russia to “go into action in Ukraine”, and has been disappointed by the Russian military efforts in the invasion so far. The failure of Russian military tactics has clearly frustrated leaders like Girkin as he slates Russian military organisation and praise Ukrainian leadership. Read more: Putin on brink as Russia will 'pay the price' for invasion of Ukraine  While he was openly critical of the Russian military leadership, Girkin also expressed the advantage of the superior Ukrainian military organisation. “I want to admit that Ukraine’s leadership acts in a much more adequate way, from a military standpoint than Russia,” claimed Girkin. Mr Kucher explains most of the comments made by Girkin are aimed at the current Russian defence minister, Sergei Shoigu. Girkin has accused Shoigu of being a weak leader that consistently fails to adequately arm the military and makes poor strategic decisions. Don't miss:  Putin turns on ‘misleading’ military leaders [REVEAL]Ukraine LIVE: Boris considering daring Mariupol rescue mission [VIDEO]Putin ‘misjudged’ Russian troops capabilities, says top spy chief [INSIGHT] Shoigu is the longest-serving minister in the Russian government and a trusted ally of Vladimir Putin. His presence as a leader since the invasion of Ukraine has been inconsistent and, more recently, surrounded by rumours that Shoigu has been weakened by a serious health condition. However, Russian military leaders, including Girkin, have started to doubt their frequently vacant defence minister as Russian forces struggle to push on with the Ukraine invasion. Emerging fractures in the Russian military leadership present a new challenge to Putin’s regime, as world leaders call upon Russia to withdraw from Ukraine territory.   