Two Ukrainian footballers have been killed during Russia's invasion of their country. Vitalii Sapylo, 21, and Dmytro Martynenko, 25, have become the sport's first reported losses to the war. The news was announced by FIFPRO on Tuesday afternoon. Sapylo was a youth-team player for Ukrainian second division team Karpaty Lviv. He lost his life during a battle near the country's capital of Kyiv. Martynenko, who was an amateur footballer for FC Gostomel, died alongside his mother when his apartment block close to Kyiv was bombed. The statement from FIFPO on their deaths reads: “Our thoughts are with the families, friends and team-mates of young Ukrainian footballers Vitalii Sapylo and Dmytro Martynenko, football’s first reported losses in this war. May they both rest in peace.”  Sapylo joined the army as a tank commander but his club announced he died last Friday. On the 21-year-old's death, Karpaty Lviv said: "We cherish the eternal memory of this hero.” The news of their passing comes after former Ukraine footballer and manager Andriy Shevchenko called for peace with Russia. Shevchenko sent a video message ahead of the Milan derby on Tuesday night.  The former Chelsea forward said: “Dear Italian friends, I ask you from San Siro to give your support for peace in Ukraine. “The Ukrainian people want peace, because peace has no borders, because what unites us must be stronger than what divides us. “Let us stop this war together. I embrace you all.” Since Russia invaded Ukraine, FIFA and UEFA have suspended all Russian teams from competing in any international or domestic tournaments.  The English FA are one of a host of football associations to state they will not play Russia at any level. The future of Chelsea is in doubt as owner Roman Abramovich faces potential sanctions. Blues boss Thomas Tuchel has been repeatedly asked about the situation in the last week. Tuchel was unable to shed much light on Abramovich's position but condemned the Russian acts. “I have to say that's a bit too much for me to answer," Tuchel said.  "I'm not aware of any details, and I'm not aware of the whole situation. "We all agree there are situations much, much more important than football, this will never change. "And situations like war are of course so much more important. "But the role of Mr Abramovich is not for me to comment on, because I simply don't know enough about it.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here