Many journalists have attempted to interview the great Brian Wilson over the years with little to no success. The musician was diagnosed with schizophrenia in 1984 after doctors found that his brain, which is responsible for some of the greatest songs ever recorded, had been damaged from prolonged use of psychedelic drugs.   The director of Brian Wilson: Long Promised Road was no exception, admitting he made three separate attempts to interview Brian only to finally “raise his white flag” and let Rolling Stone Editor Jason Fine take over. Brent Wilson (no relation) admitted that, while the documentary had turned out the “way he’d hoped”, he took a “different road” to the one he expected would lead him there. Brent’s first interview with Brian was just sitting down to record an audio conversation. “That went really bad,” Brent mused. “But I thought, well, ‘I’m nervous, he’s nervous - we’ll chalk it up to that’.” The second interview took place in Brian’s familiar stomping ground of Capital Studios, Los Angeles, where Brent situated the musician at the piano surrounded by friends and bandmates, who asked him the questions instead. “That was a smidge better,” Brent continued. “But he still kept looking at his watch.” A clip from interview number three made the final cut of Brent’s documentary, if only to highlight why the director chose to go in another direction. Sitting stiffly at the piano in his California home, Brian still seemed out of his comfort zone. Remembering filming that day, Brent said: “When you watch that whole tape, that's 15 minutes of me just getting popped in the head, you know, like Mike Tyson.” What follows afterwards is a journey through Brian’s life told through a mixture of talking heads, photos and archive footage. But what really holds the whole film together is the friendship between the 79-year-old icon and Rolling Stone’s Jason Fine. For much of the film, the pair spend their time driving around Los Angeles with no real agenda. Instead, they have conversations about the past, about music, and sometimes they just listen to whatever Brian asks his friend to play out of his car stereo. READ MORE: If you own these PlayStation, Nintendo or SEGA games you're now richer  “Brian loves Jason and Jason loves Brian,” Brent reflected. “That whole thing about Good Vibrations? I personally believe that’s real for Brian. He’s met with some big level producers and collaborators, but if he doesn’t feel the vibe, he doesn’t work with them.” Jason is certainly a calming presence on Brian, as is evident from the smiles and quiet conversations they share on their many car rides together. Brent was quick to point out that, while it might be hard to get much out of Brian these days, his silence comes more from a place of vulnerability than it does apathy. It’s no secret that the star has endured more than his fair share of troubles. From growing up with an abusive father, to the continued abuse he suffered for years under psychologist Eugene Landy - life hasn’t been easy for Brian. When asked if he felt it was the artist’s sensitive and fragile disposition that made it so easy for controlling figures to dominate his life, Brent confirmed that this was “100% the case”. Early tapes from when Brian’s father, Murry Wilson, still managed the band give viewers some insight into the kind of man he was. More shocking still were the discussions of his psychologist Landy, who was known for using “controversial methods” up until his medical professional licence was revoked by the State of California in 1989. In 1975, Brian’s family put him under Landy’s care to treat his drug abuse and mental health problems. The celebrity psychotherapist was fired a year later for doubling his fee, but after Brian’s addiction became out of control, he was placed back under Landy in 1982.   One of the most heartbreaking revelations to come out of the documentary was that for the nine subsequent years Brian spent with Landy, he wasn’t allowed to call his friends or family. Remembering the “guilt” that Brian feels now for missing out on so much time with his children, Brent remembered: “It was just heartbreaking. You could see it in his face. But his nature is just so gentle and kind, he couldn’t even say a bad thing about Landy.” Brian’s determination to see the good in people is captured in one conversation he has with Jason. As the pair turn to talk about those dark years, the star can’t help but give his former psychotherapist credit for helping him lose weight and get off drugs. Brian also recalls Landy making him eat spaghetti off the floor and, when asked what that was like, simply replies: “It was a trip”. “He doesn’t have it in his heart to say bad things about people,” Brent said of the moment. “All he could say was, ‘It was a trip’. He couldn't say that it was evil or mean.” Another point of heartache for Brian was the loss of his brother Dennis, who drowned in the sea at Marina Del Rey three weeks after his 39th birthday, and Carl who died of complications from lung cancer when he was 51. Whilst the documentary might centre around Brian, it is also something of a love letter to the Beach Boys. The band consisted of brothers Brian, Dennis and Carl, their cousin Mike Love and friend Al Jardine. Strangely enough, the song Long Promised Road is not even a Brian creation, but instead belongs to his brother Carl. “I knew the name choice was going to be really controversial,” the director confirmed. DON'T MISS... John Lennon was rejected by legendary rocker over political request [INSIGHT] Elvis Presley hit track was inspired by gruesome horror movie's star [INSIGHT] George Harrison slammed Beatles bandmates for 'crummy' music [LATEST]  However, the reason behind the name choice is revealed as the story unravels - and the result is quite touching. As Brian and Jason drive around, the song-writer asks to hear his brother Carl’s song Long Promised Road a couple of times, but in reality Brent said the song was requested as many as 10 times throughout filming. Later on when their team got to the studio to do the soundtrack for the film and Brian was asked what he wanted to record, he asked for the track once again. In retrospect, Brent suggested that Brian’s repressed upbringing meant the star could never really tell his brothers how he felt until after they were gone. “He kept saying how much he loved them and how proud he was of them,” Brent reflected. “And I don’t know if he ever said that to them, but in the film it felt like that was what he was trying to do.” “You can't separate Brian from the Beach Boys and you can't separate the Beach Boys from Brian. So as controversial as it was, I decided to go with Long Promised Road and take hell for it later.” One of the film’s most moving scenes comes when Brian decides to listen to his brother Dennis’ album Pacific Ocean Blue for the very first time since its release in 1977. “It's an amazing moment, isn't it?” Brent asked. “I mean, it was stunning. But to be honest, he kept asking to hear it.” Brian didn’t tell Jason why he had never heard his brother’s solo album before, and the director assumed they would have to turn it off after a few seconds because it would be too painful. Instead, the camera crew found themselves standing in place for 50 minutes.    “Brian wanted to hear every track all the way through,” Brent remembered. “He never asked to fast forward, he never asked to skip, and when you’re watching the film you can really see him taking it in. He looks over at Jason, nods his head and just says ‘good’. He's really listening with that Brian Wilson ear and you can see the pride. It's a beautiful moment.” One thing is clear: it’s all about the music for Brian. On the cusp of his eightieth birthday, the legend still plays every day and even continues to come out with new songs. The star never looked more confident in the film than when he was in command of a studio. The musicians around him seemed to be in awe, as the talent behind God Only Knows carefully instructs them through his latest recording. One presence that loomed over the Beach Boys for decades came from across the pond. As Brent well knows, it is impossible to talk about the greatest bands of the 60s without discussing The Beatles. “I think they certainly inspired each other,” the director said. “Brian heard Rubber Soul and it gave him the inspiration to make a whole album of, not just kind of throwaway songs, but great songs.” Pet Sounds, which is considered The Beach Boys’ greatest album, arrived in 1966 one year after The Beatles released Rubber Soul. Songs like Wouldn’t It Be Nice and God Only Knows were a far cry from the California, suffer boy aesthetic that had been working so well for the band, but Brian knew he had to step up to compete. Unfortunately for The Beach Boys, the Liverpudlian powerhouse continued to gather momentum with their release of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band in 1967, while even Brent has admitted that Brian’s attempt to one-up them with unfinished album Smile “would end up being his undoing”. The director pointed out that, while songwriting talents John and Paul had each other, as well as seminal record producer George Martin, Brian was the sole creative genius in the family. The troubled star held The Beach Boys together and managed to release Pet Sounds in spite of resistance from Capitol Records, his family and his bandmates. As the interview came to a close, Brent summed up this time in Brian’s life perfectly. “Part of Brian’s story was that he was just kind of alone and creating this beautiful music,” he said. “And I wish he’d had his own John, Paul or George Martin. Just somebody that could have told him, ‘Man, this is going to be incredible’.” Brian Wilson: Long Promised Road is now available on Digital Download, Blu-ray and DVD.   