The Education Secretary, who fled to Britain as an Iraqi-Kurdish child to escape Saddam Hussein's regime, plans to grow the capacity for displaced youngsters in schools. Unions have backed the decision, but the Department for Education is yet to provide more details about how and when it expects this to happen, and if all schools will be expected to take Ukrainian children. Ministers are also planning to ask Britons to offer homes to tens of thousands of Ukrainians for a minimum of six months, under plans to be unveiled next week. The Government will unveil a hotline and webpage where individuals, charities, businesses and community groups will be able to offer rooms to those escaping the conflict. Mr Zahawi told the Association of School and College Leaders: "We have a team that's ready and already making plans for a capacity of 100,000 Ukrainian children that will come in to take places now." Pressure is mounting on the Government to do more to make it easier for Ukrainians to find sanctuary in the UK as just over 1,000 refugees fleeing their homeland have been given a visa here so far. Boris Johnson has promised that up to 200,000 refugees could be welcomed in the coming weeks and months. Mr Zahawi has asked a tech firm which supported schools with virtual learning in lockdown to fast-track Ukrainian translations for their bank of 10,000 online lessons. Ministers want Britons to open their doors after problems with Afghan refugees being placed in hotels for long periods after they fled the Taliban. The details will be announced by Michael Gove on Monday. The scheme will enable Britons to provide a Ukrainian with a spare room, or give them a job - but it is expected anyone offering to house a refugee will have to pass Disclosure and Barring Service checks, which will slow the process.  Refugees who enter through the new route will be allowed to stay in Britain for an initial period of 12 months, during which they will be entitled to work, claim benefits and access public services. Officials will match them with offers of free accommodation from the sponsoring individuals and organisations who will be vetted to ensure it is safe and secure. A Government spokesman said the details of the scheme were being worked on "at pace". They added: "The routes we have put in place follow extensive engagement with Ukrainian partners. This is a rapidly moving and complex picture and as the situation develops we will continue to keep our support under constant review." Meanwhile, British border officials are finally opening a controversial visa centre in the town of Arras in north-east France after days of confusion for desperate refugees. The makeshift site, based in a four-storey council block, is being run by Home Office workers and will only provide visa appointments on a referral basis. It is likely aimed at applicants without passports, as yesterday the Government announced Ukrainian refugees with passports and family in Britain could apply for visas online from Tuesday. Ukrainian refugees seeking UK visas have until now been forced to drive hundreds of miles to reach centres in Paris and Brussels. 