Middlesbrough chairman Steve Gibson has furiously slammed Chelsea following their request to have the pair's upcoming FA Cup quarter-final played behind closed doors. The Boro chief claimed “Chelsea and sporting integrity do not belong in the same sentence” as he blasted the Blues' proposal. The Championship outfit welcome Chelsea to the Riverside Stadium this coming Saturday, but while Boro have sold out their ticket allocation for the tie, only a limited number of travelling Blues fans will be able to attend. That's because the sanctions imposed upon the club's owner Roman Abramovich by the UK's Government mean Chelsea are not permitted to sell tickets which hadn't previously been purchased prior to the restrictions. Chelsea have confirmed they have held "extensive discussions" with the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation (OFSI) about amending the terms of the special license which has allowed them to continue to operate. And, citing fears over "sporting integrity", the club has revealed they have approached the FA board about the possibility of playing the quarter-final behind closed doors. A Chelsea statement released on Tuesday read: “It is important for the competition that the match against Middlesbrough goes ahead. However it is with extreme reluctance that we are asking the FA board to direct that the game be played behind closed doors for matters of sporting integrity. JUST IN: Man Utd and Tottenham dealt huge blow as Kessie 'signs' for new club  “Chelsea FC recognises that such an outcome would have a huge impact on Middlesbrough and its supporters, as well as our own fans who have already bought the limited number of tickets that were sold before the licence was imposed, but we believe this is the fairest way of proceeding in the current circumstances.” However, Middlesbrough chairman Gibson launched a scathing attack on the Premier League side over their request, declaring that “Chelsea and sporting integrity do not belong in the same sentence.” The Boro chief told The Athletic: “Where is the intellect of Bruce Buck, the chairman of Chelsea, who has been an apologist for his owner, where the trophies won over 19 years have come from the corrupt money provided by Abramovich? DON'T MISS...Man Utd star Mata opens up on heartbreaking 'worst year' of his lifeMan Utd and Tottenham dealt huge blow as Kessie 'signs' for new clubChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel calls out Boris Johnson over Abramovich  “Where is the intellect of the chairman of Chelsea when it comes to playing his games at home in front of his season ticket holders? Does he want to play all his away games at empty stadiums?” Middlesbrough had already extended deadlines over ticket sales and stadium allocation - of which they were thanked by Chelsea - however, Gibson insisted their support would end there. He added: “We’re not going to try and help them any more. Abramovich has been kicked out of football and Bruce Buck should be kicked out of football, too.” 