Retired university chief Richard O’Doherty drives daily nine-hour trips to carry scared and exhausted families from the border into Budapest. The 63-year-old from Stroud, Gloucs, was six months into a touring holiday around Europe when Russia launched its ruthless invasion. He immediately drove from the Hungarian capital to Zahony rail crossing to offer his services to Putin's thousands of fleeing victims. Delighted aid workers said his Fiat Ducato Tourer was ideal for taking the elderly, disabled and families with young children to their new lives. They were less able to deal with the long train journeys being laid on free of charge by the Hungarian rail company. Richard said: “The van is called Maurice and I bought it as a present for myself when I retired two years ago. “I’d been out for five or six months, just touring round Portugal, Spain, Italy, Serbia, Albania and Montenegro, and I’ve been skiing in so many different places. It’s great. “Then the invasion happened. I never really expected it to kick off quite like this - not here in Europe, when other parts of the world are less stable. “I wanted to do the humanitarian stuff - looking after someone. They’re sitting in the station freezing cold, scared and tired.” Most of Hungary’s 190,000 refugees have arrived at Zahony station from Chop, Ukraine, and are given food, clothes and medicine before before catching trains elsewhere. Richard, former deputy vice-chancellor at the University of Gloucestershire, stays in Budapest and drives 200 miles to Zahony to collect his passengers before taking them the other way.  The divorcee added: “At first, I was a bit nervous about coming across to Zahony. “I just thought I was going to get in the way of the aid effort. But then I got here, they were grateful and within five minutes the van was full of passengers. “I’ve done five consecutive days now. I took eight people yesterday, five another day and three another. “It has been very varied. Yesterday the woman who sat in the front seat next to me just wanted to talk all day using Google translate. “Because we had five kids including one baby, I don’t think I’ve ever made so many toilet stops. I know every service station along the way now. “At one point I had five in the van and all five were fast asleep within five minutes. “Once, I went to move one of the bags and they said ‘careful, careful, it’s got a cat in it. . “It’s all quite surprising. But when we get to the destination, you should see the bear hugs I get.”  Fuel costs £100 per day and after he paid for the first two trips, his sister and a friend raised more than £4,000 to fund future runs. “I very rashly said to them ‘it’s £100 a day for the travel, so whatever you raise I’ll keep doing it until the money runs out. So that will keep me here well over a month.” Meanwhile yesterday, a Ukrainian mother who was stranded in Egypt by the war told how she was returning to help her husband and two sons battle the Russians. Viktoria Karman said she, husband Sergeii and sons Olexandr, 15, and Andrii, 11, will help the war effort together when she gets back. The 39-year-old from Kyiv was on holiday with friends in Sharm El-Sheik when their home was threatened by the Moscow bombing raids. She was unable to fly home because flights into Ukraine were suspended, but was given food and accommodation by the Egyptian government. Meanwhile, Sergii, 41, joined the Ukrainian army, and their sons helped prepare food and clothes for Kyiv’s bombed-out residents.  Yesterday, Viktoria was waiting to catch a train from Zahony, Hungary, into Chop, Ukraine, after finally flying back into Budapest. She said the whole family have moved to southern Ukraine and are determined to stay and face down the Kremlin’s brutality. “My son who is 15 said ‘I don’t want to go to Europe. I want to help my people'. My husband wanted us to stay in our own country. “So I am going back and we will live in Ukraine. At the moment, our region is not too dangerous so I hope it will stay like that.” 