Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden stunned fans as she recycled an H&M dress from the Conscious Collection. Crown Princess Victoria opted for sustainability and wore a beautiful light blue dress with a gradient effect she had already donned in 2015 to attend the wedding of her brother, Carl Philip. An H&M spokesperson explained: “The gown was a custom made H&M Conscious Exclusive dress made of organic silk and organic linen and was inspired by a skirt from the Conscious Exclusive Collection.” She combined the dress with three bracelets by designers Ebba Brahe and one from Sophie by Sophie, pearl earrings and the Napoleonic Cut Steel Tiara. The stunning diadem, which features feather and flower motifs, belonged to Queen Hortense of the Netherlands and was passed to the Swedish Royal Family by Queen Josephine until it reached Queen Silvia. READ MORE: Aldi Specialbuys: The ‘secret sale’ for sold out items  Royal jewellery blog Tiaras and Trianon explained: "Just like cameo tiaras, steel tiaras are pretty unique. A modest, yet interesting material, polished steel provided an alternative for those who wanted a tiara but couldn’t necessarily afford something gem-encrusted. This is a stretch–highly polished steel and set with golden embellishments in the shape of flowers, feathers, oak leaves and acorns. Feathers and acorns aren’t really common tiara themes, making this baby even more unique." Princess Madeleine recycled a beautiful pastel pink dress featuring a floral embroidery and a transparent bodice by Swedish designer Ida Sjöstedt. To accessorise the gown, Princess Madeleine wore a Cartier bracelet and the Modern Fringe Tiara. The beautiful diadem was a gift from King Carl Gustaf to his wife Queen Silvia, for their 10th wedding anniversary.  The Court Jeweller explained the Modern Fringe Tiara is "a classic, convertible piece" as it can be used as a tiara or worn as a necklace. Princess Sofia of Sweden opted for the Jeslyn Embroidered Illusion Gown which she also wore in 2018 at the Royal Palace in Stockholm. The beautiful purple dress featured a semi-transparent design and a floral pattern.  Princess Sofia combined the gown with the Palmette Tiara, which was a present from her mother-in-law, Queen Silvia. This diamond tiara is a very special jewel for her as the royal wore it on her wedding day back in 2015. The Court Jeweller explained: "The tiara features petite diamond palmettes set on a slender diamond-studded base and interspersed with diamond spikes. Originally, Sofia wore the tiara with a set of emerald toppers. Sofia also wore the new pearl setting of the tiara for the Nobel Prize festivities in December 2018. "It’s lovely to see a tiara that can be worn in multiple ways, especially for a Princess who is part of a junior branch of the Royal Family." Queen Silvia wore the Swedish Cameo Tiara, a unique diadem which features seven Napoleonic cameos encircled with pearls. The piece was originally given to Josephine by her husband Napoleon Bonaparte. It was later inherited by her granddaughter Queen Josephine of Sweden and Norway, who had married into the royal household. Many royal fans took to social media to comment on the Princesses' looks. Royal watcher @um_capitulo_fotografia said: "H&M!?? I'm impressed!" Instagram user @syl.giulia commented: "The three are stunning" and @royalwomenofeurope agreed: "Wow, just stunning." Royal fan @jwann59480 said: "Three pretty princesses" while @nicolebaileyinman commented: "They are all gorgeous." 