The One Show host Alex Jones shared her latest outfit with her social media followers yesterday. However, the presenter felt the need to address one particularly “offensive” aspect to her get-up. Posting in view of her 333,000 followers, Alex shared an adorable snap of her cuddling her youngest. She could be seen posing in the park with the youngster as she took a break from filming. Sharing several snaps, Alex beamed as she cuddled baby Annie in the sunshine. However, while she looked fantastic in a pink top and black trousers, the presenter felt the need to apologise over one aspect. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced  Taking to her caption, she wrote: “A little break from filming so heels off and we’re out enjoying the sun! “Sorry bout the offensive slippers! (sic). “How to ruin an outfit. @tesswrightstylist “Face and hair @lizbeckettmua.”   Alex made the comment as she popped on some furry slippers for her stroll in the park. Some eagle-eyed fans also spotted that these seemed to feature Father Christmas on them. However, many were supportive of the star, taking to the comments to share their thoughts. Emmskaty penned: “They definitely make the outfit! DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [VIDEO]ITV News star Mary Nightingale addresses emotional on-air moment [INSIGHT]   “Nothing says Spring like a pair of Santa slippers!” Cynthiaspencer1446 wrote: “Nothing offensive about the slippers. “Much smarter than many heels.” Mark.colton.35 replied: “Love that you are still wearing your Christmas slippers.” Feefills added: “Santa claus is never offensive. Especially when in comfy slippers.” Alex didn’t share what she was filming at the moment, but many fans will know her best for presenting The One show. She has been busy filming a new show with King’s Fertility Unit as well.  The star has been sharing updates from the process, as well as the incredible medical staff she’s been working with. Back on October 25, she opened up about the W Channel documentary series, which is called Making Babies. She wrote: “For a new show I’m working on. “RDF Television West is proud to be working with Kings Fertility to follow the incredible journey of their patients for a documentary series. “If you’re considering starting fertility treatment at King's or have perhaps already begun your journey with them, our team would love to hear from you.” 