Sally Becker, a renowned humanitarian dubbed the Angel of Mostar for her work during the Bosnian War in the early 1990s, is assisting a Scottish charity to find sanctuary for the youngsters and their guardians. The group fled their homes in Dnipro, central Ukraine, and travelled west to Lviv before crossing into Poland. A plane is on standby to fly them to the UK and accommodation is ready in Scotland. But they have not been given the Home Office green light. Sally told of the heartbreaking moment when one 12-year- old, Sasha, turned to her and asked: "If they say 'No', will we have to go back to the war?" She added: "I'm pushing for the Government to approve temporary sanctuary for the children in the UK. They have an amazing place lined up for them near the banks of Loch Lomond so they will be able to stay together." The children, aged two to 15, lived in orphanages supported by Dnipro Kids, a charity founded in 2005 by fans of Hibernian FC after the Scottish club visited the area for a match. Each houses up to 10 children, cared for by couples in a family unit. Duncan MacRae, from the Dnipro Kids committee, said: "Normally we're focused on taking the kids on trips and for birthday outings. But when this all kicked off, it became clear we were going to have to seriously consider how we could evacuate them. "We have been working hard to make all the preparations for getting these kids over and settled in Scotland. People want to welcome them, we just need clarity." Sally had been travelling to Ukraine to meet with doctors about an app developed by her charity Save A Child, which connects medics in conflict-stricken areas with paediatric specialists worldwide. When she heard that Dnipro Kids was seeking help to get the rest of its orphans to safety, having evacuated around half of the 46 children, she funded a mission to bring the rest out of Lviv.  Sally, who arranged for a vehicle and made it to the border, told how relief turned to despair when one of their group was stopped before entering Poland. She said: "Alexandre, who with his wife Mareena is guardian of one of the groups of children, did not have the document that showed this.The children who belonged to his family were devastated. They got off the bus as his wife was crying and saying, 'I'm not leaving without him'." Men aged 18 to 60 are barred from exiting Ukraine in anticipation they may be needed to fight. Without the papers, Alexandre could not prove he was exempt. Sally pleaded with Mareena to return to the bus. She added: "Using Google Translate, I managed to explain I would do absolutely everything to get them reunited with him at some point, if she would just agree to leave with the children. "She conceded and they said goodbye. But it was very traumatic. The youngest child, who is only two, was screaming because he thinks Alexandre is his dad." Thankfully, Alexandre is expected to get the document he needs shortly to rejoin the group. The orphans' plight was raised at Prime Minister's Questions yesterday by Westminster's Scottish National Party leader Ian Blackford.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said: "This is a heart-rending situation and we want to do everything we can. There are issues including the wishes of the Ukrainian government on where orphaned children should go and whether any necessary permissions have been sought. "This isn't about bureaucracy, it's about genuine safeguarding issues." Mr Raab suggested that reuniting the children with Ukrainian family members may be an option. But Sally insists documents show the children were assigned guardians by Ukrainian authorities and these are responsible for their care. ? To support Sally's charity work, visit saveachild.uk 