The Premier League has announced it has cut ties with broadcast partner Rambler and made a significant donation to Ukraine amid Russia's ongoing invasion. A £1million payment will be sent to the people of Ukraine to aid urgent care and long-term recovery after Russia launched sustained attacks. Premier League clubs showed solidarity with Ukraine through the most recent gameweek at the weekend. It included players mixing on the centre circle for a minute's applause before games whilst screens displayed 'Football Stands Together' and captains wearing yellow and blue armbands. Last Thursday, Premier League chief executive Richard Masters revealed Russia's privilege of airing games was under review. And on Tuesday, shareholders held a meeting, where they decided to ban Russia from showing Premier League games, directly impacting the deal with Rambler. JUST IN: Chelsea 'plotting blockbuster move for Man City star Mahrez'  A Premier League statement read: "The Premier League and its clubs today unanimously agreed to suspend our agreement with Russian broadcast partner Rambler (Okko Sport) with immediate effect and to donate £1million to support the people of Ukraine. "The League strongly condemns Russia's invasion of Ukraine. We call for peace, and our thoughts are with all those impacted. "The £1million donation will be made to the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) to deliver humanitarian aid directly to those in need. "This action follows a weekend of matches displaying League-wide support for Ukraine. READ MORE: Everton's Lampard may bin four players after Tottenham ramp up danger  "All club captains wore special armbands, and fans joined players, managers, match officials and club staff in a moment of reflection and solidarity before kick-off at each match. "Big screens displayed 'Football Stands Together' against the backdrop of the blue-and-yellow colours of the Ukrainian flag. These words were also shown on LED perimeter boards during matches. "This message of solidarity was visible to fans around the world across Premier League digital channels and via match broadcasts. "This is in addition to the numerous ways in which clubs continue to display their support." The Football Association has also suspended its partnership with Russian broadcasters, denying them rights to showcase FA Cup ties. United Kingdom sports minister Nigel Huddleston backed the Premier League's decision to cut ties with its Russian broadcast partners. He said: "This is absolutely the right thing to do and we fully support the Premier League's decision to stop broadcasting matches in Russia in response to Putin's barbaric, senseless invasion of Ukraine. "Russia cannot be allowed to legitimise its illegal war through sport and culture, and we must work together to ensure Putin remains a pariah on the international stage." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.