Wallis Simpson and King Edward VIII famously married on June 3, 1937 at the Château de Candé in France in a very isolated ceremony. The royal proposed to his girlfriend on October 27, 1936 with a very unusual royal engagement ring, two months before the official abdication.  Most royal engagement rings are formed of diamonds or sapphires, however Edward VIII chose a slightly different jewel from protocol. Edward proposed to Wallis with a Cartier emerald engagement ring, which according to jewellery expert Marion Fasel, was a “rebellious jewel”. Emeralds at the time, according to the expert, were viewed as softer jewels that could scratch more easily than diamonds. Hence, they were seen as less appropriate for royal brides. The ring also broke tradition by having an engraved message on the ring, which is very unusual in the Royal Family. READ MORE: Horoscopes: Gemini has 'useful' trait in love but must 'stop worrying' Edward wrote the message: ‘We are ours now 27 X 36’. The Cartier ring was set with a dazzling 19.77-carat rectangular emerald flanked by diamond baguettes. Jacques Cartier ran the London branch of the famous French firm. At the time, he told English writer Marie Belloc Lowndes the gem was one of two stones cut from an emerald “as large as a bird’s egg that once belonged to a Grand Mogul”. Edward proposed with the ring made by Cartier on October 27, 1936, a date that is the key to the inscription. The '27' represents the day, 'X' is the month, and '36' is the year. The date was significant to the couple because it marked the beginning of Wallis’ divorce proceedings from her second husband, Ernest Simpson. This royal engagement ring stands out because it symbolises a decision that would change the course of history for an entire country. In 1987, this ring was sold at auction in its 1950s gold and diamond setting for £1.3million. Tobias Kormind, the managing director of Europe's largest online jeweller, the Mayfair headquartered 77 Diamonds, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Wallis Simpson’s jewellery. He said: “Wallis Simpson’s impressive collection is the stuff of jewellery legend.  “The Duchess of Windsor’s jewellery collection was closely tied to her relationship with the Duke of Windsor, linking romantic and personal stories with the individual pieces. “Just think of her engagement ring, featuring a 19.77-carat emerald, with ‘we are ours now’ engraved on the band, referencing the couple’s decision to separate from the Royal Family to be married. “Representing hope, the stone was a symbol of protection for their marriage. “The Duchess of Windsor’s jewellery collection sold for around £37million, six times the expected figure, during the 1987 auction.  "Wallis owned an extensive jewellery collection while being in a high-profile relationship with a powerful royal partner and she still fascinates people today. “Wallis Simpson is frequently included on lists of royal women whose life was associated with wealth, glamour, and drama. “Wallis’s reputation as a divorced American socialite who drove the Duke of Windsor to abdicate and leave his royal responsibilities to instead choose a luxurious life with her fuelled the rumours and interest surrounding her character. “This intrigue stems from the mystique surrounding high society life and scandals." 