After Prince Philip died in April 2021, his youngest granddaughter Lady Louise Windsor appeared publicly to pay tribute to him by speaking on the documentary Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers. The young royal was praised for her confident and down-to-earth persona, and she once again wowed royal fans this week when she appeared alongside the rest of the Royal Family for Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey. Louise's presence was no doubt great support to the Queen, who is known to be particularly close to the Wessex children. As the youngest of the Queen's eight grandchildren, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn are known to have had a "very close" bond with their grandmother and late grandfather. Philip was famously involved with carriage driving, and Louise's love for the sport and horses in general likely resonated with both her grandparents' interests. Royal historian Marlene Koenig told Express.co.uk: "Look how good the relationship the Queen has with Lady Louise and Viscount Severn. They're very close, and Louise was very close to her grandfather. "We know he left a carriage to her and she shared his love for carriage driving, which I think he must have loved." READ MORE: Prince Harry savaged as he skips Prince Philip memorial service reunion But in addition to their shared interests, the Queen is likely very close to Lady Louise because of how close she lives to her main Windsor Castle base. The Wessex family live at Bagshot Park, a sprawling royal residence just a short drive from Windsor, and Louise is known to spend many a weekend with the Queen. And another reason why the Queen dotes on Lady Louise is due to the fact she will not be a working royal, and Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex have actively ensured their two children live away from the royal spotlight. Ms Koenig added: "They grow up at Windsor, they go to private schools without the press following them, they will have careers. James will eventually inherit his father's peerage.  "[They have] a very different existence, they live far more out of the public eye than say even Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips, which is for them probably a good thing." The low-profile lifestyle Louise has can be attributed to her parents, as they have kept Louise's presence in royal life minimal. Louise and her brother previously only appeared at big royal events like Trooping the Colour or royal Christmases at Sandringham, rather than joining their parents for royal engagements or tours.  DON'T MISS:Queen's decision to travel with Andrew a 'show of support' to her son [ANALYSIS]Queen arriving at memorial on Andrew’s arm was a 'deliberate' move [INSIGHT] Lorraine baffled by Queen's decision to put Andrew front and centre [VIDEO] Ms Koenig explained that Louise and James "have a very loving relationship with their parents." She added: "You always see Edward riding his horse with Louise and James at Windsor and things. And they get to see their grandmother." Louise's proud mum Sophie has touched upon her admiration of her daughter in previous interviews, telling The Sunday Times in 2020 about how "clever" she is. She said: "She's working hard and will do A-levels. I hope she goes to university. I wouldn't force her, but if she wants to. She's quite clever." 