 Fern Britton used to host This Morning alongside Phillip Schofield, but eventually left the hit ITV daytime programme in 2009. In a recent interview, the presenter chatted about her history in live television, admitting a part of her misses the busy pace of life.   Fern spoke about her career and personal life on Kate Thornton’s podcast White Wine Question Time. Host Kate was keen to know about Fern’s past and whether or not she misses her former lifestyle. “Do you ever miss the manic pace of life? Five days a week on live telly, London traffic, school runs, I mean, the chaos,” Kate questioned. Fern took time to consider her answer and confessed: “Hmm, that was very much a part of me. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles?  “So, a part of me does miss that and when I do go to London I’m quite excited,” she added. However, the presenter admitted she enjoys her current lifestyle of having some busy days and others that are more relaxed. Fern remarked: “Its also just wonderful to come here. I mean, this is the first time in a week at least that I’ve put some makeup on, for you. “Now, normally I haven’t got makeup on for about a month but I’ve had a couple of these [interviews] recently.   “So, I went ‘Oh good lord I’ve got to put my face on!’” she admitted. Kate chimed in: “I don’t think I could run at that pace again I tell you. I’m too old.” However, Fern insisted she didn’t think it was her age that put her off returning to the faster paced working life. She said: “I don’t think it’s age. I think it’s experience that lets you know that even though that’s exciting and brilliant and great, I’m over it, I’ve done it. DON'T MISS...Don Warrington shares update on return to Death in Paradise [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly savages Matt Hancock 'Pound shop milk tray man' [WATCH]Schoolgirl stuns BBC viewers as she begs for end to war [MUST SEE]  “And it’s right, it’s nature saying ‘Hey look back. Just stop for a minute and look back at what you’ve achieved.' "Because when you’re achieving it you have no time at all to look at it. “Have a look now and think ‘Hmm yeah that was okay actually, that was alright,'” the presenter explained. “I’m looking forward very much now to the next, goodness knows what the next chapter is. But, yeah it’s good,” Fern added.   Fern eventually left This Morning in 2009 having worked on the hit programme for around 10 years. The presenter went out on a celebratory note as her final episode aired on her 52nd birthday. Later that year Fern’s replacement Holly Willoughby began hosting alongside Phillip. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. 