The research, which looked into cities across the UK and countries around the world, has found out which areas get the most amount of sleep per night. On average, it was found that Norwich residents get around 7.6 hours of sleep per night, while those living in Belfast get around 5.1 hours of sleep. The average property price in Norwich is £274,908, according to Rightmove. This is below the nation’s average house price which currently stands at £354,564. In second place was Southampton, where residents get around 7.3 hours of sleep, followed by Dundee where the average night’s sleep was 7.2 hours. Gloucester came third with the research finding residents sleeping around 7.1 hours per night and Swansea fourth, where the average night’s sleep was seven hours. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks Those in York sleep for around seven hours each night too. Residents in Exeter and Sunderland were found to sleep for 6.9 hours every night, while those in Carlisle were sleeping for 6.8 hours. The research also unveiled the five UK cities which get the least amount of sleep per night. In the top spot was Belfast, where residents slept for just 5.1 hours a night, followed by Bristol where the average was 5.3 hours. DON'T MISS:Interior: ‘Simple’ ways to ‘update any space’ affordably [EXPLAINER]Pruning: How to prune hydrangeas to produce ‘more floriferous’ shrub [INSIGHT]Using ice cubes to water orchids can ‘damage’ plants [EXPERT] Kingston upon Hull, Coventry and Leicester were also cities where residents get the least amount of sleep. These numbers are all below the recommended seven to nine hours of sleep adults should be getting every day. The sleep experts also looked into the countries around the world that get the most sleep, with Bulgaria taking the top spot. Residents of Bulgaria were found to get the most amount of sleep, around 12 hours per night. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This was followed by Angola, Sri Lanka and Australia. Residents in Jamaica and Barbados were found to sleep for eight hours every night, while Bangladesh and Peru resident’s sleep for 7.7 hours per night. Rachel Fernie, spokesperson from www.Hillarys.co.uk, said: “We all love our rest, however, a lot struggle to get a full night’s sleep. “There are many things that can stop us from getting a full night’s sleep, from loud pets, to snoring partners, to too much light coming through the curtains or blinds. “It’s positive to see that out of 60 countries taken into account, the UK comes 11th out of the 60 countries for the amount of sleep, with residents across the UK getting 7.6 hours of sleep per night. “UK residents, on average, are sleeping the recommended seven to nine hours of sleep per night.” The expert also shared top tips on ensuring you are getting a good night’s sleep. Rachel explained: “Be active…Exercise promotes deep sleep, which is the most restorative sleep phase, helping to boost the immune system, support cardiac health and reduce stress. “Additionally, exercise expends energy and therefore makes you more tired and ready for bed in the evening. “Napping is not helpful…It is tempting, when you are not sleeping well, to catch up on sleep throughout the day by napping. “However, unless you urgently need to sleep, when preparing to drive long distances for instance, this can be counterproductive as it makes you less tired in the evenings.” For those really needing to nap, the expert recommended it be no longer than 30 minutes long. Rachel also recommended making the bedroom a relaxing placebo wind down. This included making sure the bed is super comfortable and trying to create a dark, cool and quiet bedroom. She added: “Consider using blackout blinds, ear plugs and sleeping with the window open.”