Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with over four million followers on Instagram. Due to her popularity, cleaning enthusiasts have created cleaning pages on Facebook in her honour in order to share tips with one another. On one such page, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to clean her washing machine. She wrote: “Looking for suggestions. I have cleaned my washing machine and used a washing machine cleaner on a 60 but it smells like damp. “Any ideas on how to get it really clean and smelling fresh?” Fortunately, the post was inundated with comments in minutes. READ MORE: Amanda Owen: Inside Our Yorkshire Farm star’s home Other Mrs Hinch fans had a plethora of tips and tricks to share. The tips involved methods using both natural and chemical cleaning products. Some of the natural methods included baking soda, which is an incredibly useful product to have in the house for cleaning. Facebook user Caroline Alice wrote: “I run a 60 degree wash every now and then with bicarb in the drawer and a dishwasher tablet in the drum. Works a treat.” DON'T MISS:How to stop mould building up in your washing machine drawer [HOW TO]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share baking soda tip for getting odour out of carpets [REVEAL] Some cleaning enthusiasts recommended adding white vinegar to the mix. Karen Dodds commented: “White vinegar and soda crystals. Then I use white vinegar in place of fabric softener on my towels and cloths etc keeps the damp smell away and towels and cloths etc are free from softener build up.” Sandra Hoban advised: “One cup of bicarbonate of soda, one cup of white vinegar, put both in drum and run empty on the hottest cycle. Add a scoop of soda crystals to every wash. I use soap powder as was told years ago the plastic on pods don’t full flush through.” Sophie Mountstevens added: “Mine was terrible, I used baking soda and white vinegar and it’s lovely. I also stopped using liquid tabs and conditioners as they make it stink.” Susan Turner wrote: “Do a wash with white vinegar. It will clean and freshen.” Diane Wilson said: “Scoop of soda crystals in every wash.” Others recommended leaving the washing machine door open after every wash. Ally Lambell recommended: “Leave the door open and check the dispenser drawer is kept immaculate.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Susan Findlay said: “Hot wash and soda crystals.” Geraldine O’Neill wrote: “Soda crystals and white vinegar works.” Joanne Webster commented: “I had this problem and tried a few different washing machine cleaners. I put bleach in the drawer and ran it on a quick wash and it stopped smelling.” Joanie Scott added: “Leave the door open when you can, it really helps.”