Max Verstappen made a stunning late overtake on Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc to win the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. The world champion intelligently waited to avoid passing Leclerc before the DRS zone and spectacularly passed his rival to bounce back from his DNF in Bahrain last weekend. Verstappen got off to a cracking start upon lights out, overtaking Carlos Sainz around the outside of Turn 2 as Perez held off Leclerc to remain in the lead. The Ferraris had begun to take the same line and it forced Sainz slow on entry Turn 1, with space left for the Dutchman on the inside. Sainz went on to secure P3 - his second successive podium after finishing behind teammate Leclerc last week - ahead of Sergio Perez. It was a heartbreaking turn of events for the Mexican after he secured the first pole position of his career only to suffer the consequences of pitting before a safety car. As for the rest of the grid, Mercedes’ George Russell finished a fine P5 after enjoying a clean race while his teammate Lewis Hamilton struggled to get going before finishing 10th. Three drivers also retired in a pulsating contest, so check out the driver ratings for the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix: READ MORE: Valtteri Bottas hailed by Button for actions after Schumacher crash Lewis Hamilton - Mercedes: 5 It was ultimately a difficult weekend for the seven-time world champion after he qualified in P16. The Brit started on the hard tyres but ultimately wasn’t able to pit at the opportune moment under safety car as the pit entry was closed. He dropped from sixth to 12th as a result, but fought back to nick a point. A weekend to forget. George Russell - Mercedes: 8 Last weekend, Russell took advantage of Red Bull’s double DNF to claim a surprising fourth place, but he secured this fifth on his own merit. The 24-year-old drove a clean race although he never truly threatened the two teams in front of him. His highlight was undoubtedly the great move to pass Ocon down the inside of the final hairpin early. Max Verstappen - Red Bull: 9 Verstappen was left frustrated last weekend in Bahrain, so the Dutchman made amends in Saudi Arabia. He not only scored the first points as he attempts to defend his world title, but secured a fabulous win after battling Leclerc for the final few laps. He expertly turned DRS off before going around the hairpin in order to ensure he had the optimal line to utilise DRS on the home straight, taking the lead and holding on to win. Sergio Perez - Red Bull: 7 It could have been so different for the Mexican. Perez’s race was ultimately undone when, after leading the Grand Prix so comfortably, he was the victim of the safety car following Latifi’s crash as it essentially gifted Leclerc, Verstappen and Sainz a free pit stop. He tried to hunt down the Spaniard for the final podium spot, but it wasn’t to be. Carlos Sainz - Ferrari: 7 He slipped from third to fourth early as Verstappen brilliantly passed him on Turn 1, and Sainz never found the pace that teammate Leclerc could extract from the Ferrari. The Spaniard benefitted from the safety car to pass Perez before holding off the Mexican to claim a second successive podium. Charles Leclerc - Ferrari: 8 Leclerc once again displayed brilliant defensive driving to keep Verstappen at bay as the Dutchman piled the pressure on him late in the race. After outfoxing his old rival on a number of occasions, Leclerc finally succumbed as Verstappen waited until the home straight to make his move. The Monegasque driver was full of praise for Verstappen, and he has extended his lead atop the Drivers’ Championship. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen has major advantage over Charles Leclerc at Saudi GPF1 drivers to demand meeting with sport bosses after Saudi Arabian GPVerstappen hits out at 'dangerous' Saudi track after Schumacher crash Lando Norris - McLaren: 7 Given the stuttering performance of the McLaren machinery, Norris would have snapped your hand off for P7 before the race. He benefitted tremendously from safety cars, but the Brit drove well and made a stunning pass on Pierre Gasly to prove he is still one of the best overtakers - and drivers - on the grid. Daniel Ricciardo - McLaren: 6 Daniel Ricciardo was driving a fine race and had made several positions up the order before his car broke down. The Australian’s rotten luck since switching from Renault to McLaren for the 2021 season continues. Fernando Alonso - Alpine: 8 Fernando Alonso drove brilliantly against teammate Esteban Ocon, who was rather aggressive as he defended position. The two-time world champion was not to be denied though and made a brilliant pass by taking the outside line into Turn 1 and aggressively squeezing his teammate as they made their way around the slow corner. Unfortunately, his car broke down near the pit entry, forcing a premature end to the Spaniard’s race. Esteban Ocon - Alpine: 8 The Frenchman was clearly undeterred by his five-second penalty for spinning Mick Schumacher last week as Ocon aggressively raced against Alonso for position. He showed good pace and was perhaps unlucky to have been instructed to hold position when he was, as it allowed Valtteri Bottas to sneak past. Ultimately, a P6 finish is a great result for both Ocon and Alpine. Pierre Gasly - AlphaTauri: 7 Pierre Gasly drove a brilliant race to secured eighth, which must be considered a spectacular result for AlphaTauri given how the Frenchman was struggling in the midfield for much of the contest. Yuki Tsunoda - AlphaTauri: N/A Yuki Tsnuoda’s race - and weekend - ended before it began. After the Japanese star couldn’t compete in qualifying, his car broke down from a suspected drivetrain issue, ruling him out of the race entirely. He will be raring to go in Melbourne. Nico Hulkenberg - Aston Martin: 6 Standing in for the second week in a row for four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel, Nico Hulkenberg could do little as his Aston Martin machinery is clearly one of the more uncompetitive cars on the grid. His P12 result reads like a great result on paper, but only 13 cars finished. Lance Stroll - Aston Martin: 5 Similar to Hulkenberg’s issues, it is difficult to judge Lance Stroll given the car at his disposal. He finished rock bottom of the cars that completed the race, and it will certainly sting to lose once again to the German stand-in. Alex Albon - Williams: 6 Another driver stuck in uncompetitive machinery, Alex Albon competed well with the likes of Hamilton but his race ended one lap before the end following a scuffle with Stroll. Nicholas Latifi - Williams: 3 Another difficult weekend for Latifi. His crash led to the first big shake-up of the race, with the Canadian losing the rear of his Williams before slamming into the wall of the unforgiving Jeddah street circuit. Valtteri Bottas - Alfa Romeo: 7 The Finn drove well and impressively passed Ocon when the Frenchman was told to hold position, but he will leave the circuit empty handed after his car broke down. Bottas is performing well - he was let down by his car today. Zhou Guanyu - Alfa Romeo: 4 It wasn’t a good race for Alfa Romeo rookie Guanyu Zhou, as he dropped down the order after his car appeared to go into anti-stall at the start. He was then issued multiple penalties - including a penalty for not serving a penalty - on a day to forget in his young career. To be fair, Zhou was fast when he could be. Kevin Magnussen - Haas: 8 Another week, another solid result for Kevin Magnussen. In fact, the Dane could feel aggrieved that he didn’t get a better result than P9, as he was affected by the litany of safety cars and yellow flags that plagued the latter portion of this race. It’s another encouraging result for Haas. Mick Schumacher - Haas: N/A Never lined up on the grid following his horrific crash in Q2, although the incident occurred when the German was in contention to reach Q3. He will likely be disappointed to have sat out the race, but all eyes will be on the Australian Grand Prix as Mick Schumacher hunts the first points of his career.