Atletico Madrid striker Joao Felix took in Liverpool’s Carabao Cup final triumph over Chelsea among Reds supporters as transfer links with the Premier League intensify. Arsenal have apparently been ‘offered’ the opportunity to sign the striker after missing out on several targets during the January transfer window. Liverpool defeated Chelsea in a dramatic 11-10 penalty shootout at Wembley Stadium. A thrilling contest had ended 0-0 with as many as four goals ruled out. And in the crowd, Portuguese forward Felix ignited rumours of a move to England as he sat in the Liverpool end. The 22-year-old shared pictures taken by friend Alex Bukovac on Instagram.   JUST IN: Man Utd icon Rio Ferdinand delivers bleak message for the Glazers Given the angle of one of the snaps, it seemed as though Felix might have been sat in the neutral Club Wembley seats in the stadium’s second tier. However, his presence at the game will no doubt intensify rumours that he is set for a transfer to a Premier League club in the summer window. According to the Independent last week, Arsenal have been offered the chance to sign Felix. The Gunners are desperate for a new striker as Mikel Arteta faces the unique prospect of losing each of his three first-team attacking options ahead of next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has already departed following his falling out with the Spaniard. The 32-year-old was able to rip up his Arsenal contract and join Barcelona at the end of January. But Arteta also risks losing Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah in the summer. Both players see their contracts expire at the end of June and seem unlikely to renew their deals. Lacazette has been linked with Atletico Madrid and could replace Felix should he depart the Wanda Metropolitano.   DON'T MISS...Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apologyHarry Kane urged to avoid Michael Owen mistake if he leaves TottenhamMan Utd icon Rio Ferdinand delivers bleak message for the Glazers The former Benfica star was a £122m signing in the summer of 2019 but his blockbuster move has failed to prove fruitful. He has scored just 24 goals in 102 appearances, although did head home the opener in Atletico’s 1-1 Champions League draw with Manchester United last week. Arsenal might take up the option to sign Felix in the summer after missing out on several targets in the winter. They were left frustrated when Dusan Vlahovic opted to join Juventus from Fiorentina instead of moving to North London.   