 Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy welcomed comedians Tom Allen, Morgana Robinson and Jason Byrne onto Sunday Brunch this weekend. However, it seems having so many comedy stars on the Channel 4 show didn’t work in Tim’s favour as ended up being teased. Tim was forced to jokingly tell off his guests during a cooking demonstration when the segment spun out of control.   Tim kindly stepped into the kitchen in place of guest chef Max Halley who was unable to make it to the studio. Max joined the show via video link from home, explaining he wasn’t able to come in after testing positive for COVID-19. Keen to still do his cooking segment, Max guided viewers step by step through a recipe while Tim did the culinary work in the studio. However, it wasn’t long before everyone ganged up on Tim, trying to throw him off while he cooked. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor removed from the cobbles  Max gave Tim the task of making a giant sandwich, but the guests soon started trying to fluster the presenter. Morgana exclaimed: “Quick, the yolk’s got to be runny!” Tom chimed in, shouting: “Don’t mess this up.” “Concentrate. No pressure, no pressure,” Morgana bellowed, from the other side of the studio.   As he started to assemble a sandwich, Tim asked: “When does the egg come in?” “Put the ham on the other side of the bread,” Max instructed. Revelling in his co-star’s struggles, Simon confessed: “Oh I’m enjoying this. I’m enjoying this so much.” Tim started placing the freshly cooked ham into the sandwich, but was soon told he was doing it wrong. DON'T MISS...Jo Whiley shuts down BBC reporter after Taylor Hawkins drug use probe [MUST SEE]Nicola Coughlan states Derry Girls delay caused ‘insane stress’ [INSIGHT]Emmerdale’s Mandy star teases exit for Liv as she splits from Vinny [UPDATE]  Watching Tim closely, Max commented: “No, not on the mayonnaise you’ve got this all the wrong way around. “Simon are you going to weigh in here?” Max asked, as he put his head in his hands. Laughing at how wrong the demonstration had gone, Morgana yelled: “Abort!” “Hurry up I’ve got a train to catch,” she said, teasing Tim further.    Continuing to guide Tim, Max said: “Now put the piccalilli on top of the ham.” Playfully scolding his noisy guests and co-stars for distracting him, Tim commented: “If everyone could concentrate we’d get this done. “So if everyone could stop messing about,” he requested, causing the studio to erupt with laughter. Sunday Brunch airs Sundays at 9:30am on Channel 4. 