Russia's invasion of Ukraine is threatening the supplies of key materials used in the production of semiconductors. According to the consulting firm Techcet, the production of three materials critical to the manufacture of these electronic chips could be impacted by the situation. These are neon, palladium and C4F6 – three materials that are "essential to the development" of the chips and are "irreplaceable". Neon is a gas that is essential to the operation of lasers used to etch the chips. Russia produces a lot of neon because it has a large steel industry – but it is usually sent to Ukraine where it is extracted and purified. Techcet president Lita Shon-Roy said: “If the current situation escalates, US chipmakers may suffer material supply interruptions." But Euractiv reports that Russia is also one of the world's largest palladium producers – a rare metal also used in the manufacture of some semiconductors. Russia supplies an estimated 37 percent of the world’s supply, second only to South Africa (40 percent). It comes as manufacturers around the world are struggling to find enough microprocessors for their products. In September, Toyota slashed its worldwide vehicle production by 40 percent because of the chip shortage. Rival carmakers including Volkswagen, General Motors, Ford, Nissan, Daimler, BMW and Renault have also cut vehicle production in recent months. It is particularly sparking alarm bells in the EU, who have an ambition to become a leader in chip production. According to Techcet, the situation will “certainly slow down the growth trajectory that the EU chip industry is hoping to see". READ MORE: Dementia breakthrough: Researchers 'surprised' by activity that can REVERSE memory loss But Russia may also feel the heat. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), the world's leading chip maker, has vowed comply with the American decision and stopped its exports to Russia. Moscow is highly dependent on the company’s products to manufacture its laptops, smartphones and advanced military equipment. It comes as countries around the world are looking to beef up their sanctions on the Kremlin. The EU is reportedly ready to pull the plug on all Russian gas and oil imports after Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine. It comes ahead of an "informal" meeting of EU leaders in Versailles this Thursday. DON'T MISS:Covid warning: Mild cases cause 'significant' brain changes [ANALYSIS]Ukrainian kids with cancer evacuated to Poland after Russia invasion [REPORT]Health revolution: Drones to deliver urgent medicine to remote areas [INSIGHT] According to reports, a "draft declaration" between EU member states has been drawn up with an agreement to "phase out all use of Russian gas and oil". European Commission president Ursula Von der Leyen said Saturday evening that the EU should end its "dependency" on Russian energy sources. And the UK is likely to follow suit. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has promised to set out an "energy supply strategy" as his climate policies and UK gas production come under scrutiny during the Ukraine crisis. He said he would outline how energy needs would be met as concern grows over western reliance on Russian oil and gas. Mr Johnson said the UK was looking at using more domestic energy resources.