Petr Pavel, an ex-general in the Czech Army who served as chairman of NATO's military committee from 2012 to 2015, joined BBC Newsnight last night to discuss Russia's invasion of Ukraine. During his appearance, Mr Pavel warned Vladimir Putin could face a backlash from the Russian people once they realise the realities of his so-called "special military operation". The Kremlin had claimed they intervened in the ex-Soviet state to "protect people who have been subjected to bullying and genocide". They have also suggested they want to demilitarise and denazify Ukraine. Western leaders have condemned Moscow's justification for their invasion as baseless propaganda. Mr Pavel appeared to suggest the people of Russia will turn against Putin once they learn the "special military operation" is in fact a war. JUST IN: Putin warned his military 'f*** up' in Ukraine will leave Russia defenceless against UK However, in a blow to the Kremlin, 53 percent of respondents also said Ukraine resisted Russian forces much more strongly than had previously been anticipated. More than half of Russian respondents have also claimed Western sanctions have started to take their toll on the nation. Despite net support for Putin's invasion, thousands of Russians have been arrested for voicing their concerns about the war. The independent monitoring group OVD-Info even reports 15,034 people have been detained after being involved in anti-war actions since February 24. DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as Biden prepares to use his OWN weapons against him [REVEAL] Threat of nuclear destruction at 40% as Putin could 'kill thousands' [ANALYSIS] Putin betrayal: Xi to decimate Russia into 'Chinese Colony' [INSIGHT] In an update on events in Ukraine, the UK's Ministry of Defence said: "Russia has claimed that it has fired a number of 'hypersonic' missiles against targets in western Ukraine. "If true, these were likely the Kinzhal; an air launched ballistic missile system based on the Iskander ballistic missile which has itself already been heavily used by Russian forces in their attack on Ukraine. "Russian claims of having used the developmental Kinzhal is highly likely intended to detract from a lack of progress in Russia’s ground campaign. "Deployment of Kinzhal is highly unlikely to materially affect the outcome of Russia’s campaign in Ukraine."