Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a cut of five pence per litre of fuel duty during his Spring Statement on Wednesday, following weeks of price rises. With petrol and diesel costs remaining at all-time high prices, thousands of drivers are saying the reduction is not enough. Foday Mansaray is a haulier and director of his single truck business where he does logistics for Sure, and spoke about how the fuel prices have impacted him. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “The cost of fuel has skyrocketed with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine – but I’m not being paid any more than before and the Government is not offering any support to people like me. “On average, I’m driving anywhere between 200 to 500 miles per day so the impact on my finances has been tremendous. “Even with a 5p cut from the Government, I will still struggle to support my wife and kids. READ MORE: Many hand-car washing operations akin to ‘modern slavery “I’ve had to seek solutions elsewhere – I’ve started using a digital freight platform which means I get paid for jobs within 48 hours.” He said without his action to change his payment methods, his family wouldn’t have been able to make it to the end of the month. Mr Mansaray continued, saying: “Before I started doing business with Zeus Labs, I was waiting 60 to 90 days for payments. “That’s simply too long when your margin is so small. Now, I can take on extra work when things are tight and reap the rewards quickly. DON'T MISSCheapest electric cars to charge per mile [INSIGHT]Drivers could face £200 fine for using phone as a passenger [WARNING]Calls for elderly drivers to resit driving test once they reach 60 [SHOCKING] “The faster payments have been a complete game changer for me. With the cost of living so high, I wouldn’t be able to continue doing the work I do without these. “There’s already such a shortage of HGV drivers like me – and it’s no surprise that younger generations don’t want to do this kind of work. “It’s mind-blowing to me that a job so essential – transporting goods across the country to fill your supermarket shelves and pharmacies – is so unappreciated.” According to RAC Fuel Watch, a litre of petrol now costs 164.59p per litre, while diesel drivers face costs of 178.13p a litre. While this is a reduction compared to a few days ago, it remains almost 50p higher than this time last year. Jai Kanwar, Co-Founder of Zeus Labs, the first UK-based digital road-freight management platform, highlighted the actual impact the fuel duty cut will have on hauliers. He told Express.co.uk: “Our economy is reliant on hauliers, yet they aren’t being compensated to account for the rising cost of fuel, and nor are they receiving any Government support. “The proposed five pence cut in fuel duty might save a haulier up to £12 a day per truck, but bear in mind that the cost of diesel has increased by 27 percent in the last year. “Hauliers who drive hundreds of miles every day may still be paying up to £418 per day per vehicle for fuel. “HGV drivers are already facing serious challenges, particularly the small and medium sized businesses who feel it the most.” Many drivers have slammed petrol stations around the UK for raising their prices before the Spring Statement to prepare for any losses which may have occurred from the drop in fuel duty. Jai Kanwar added: “The escalating cost of fuel will no doubt have a serious impact on this already fragile industry, and the knock-on effect to the supply chain could be devastating without additional support from the Government. “The Chancellor must consider ways to support small and medium sized hauliers, who play a critical role in keeping our economy running. “A more significant cut in fuel duty for those delivering vital commodities is called for. Only this way can we slow price rises across the board. “If haulage companies are forced to increase prices, it will have a knock-on effect on inflation.” The 5p reduction on fuel duty will last until March 2023 with drivers hoping prices will continue to decrease until that point.