From streaks on your shower door to a stubborn mould and mildew collecting on tiles, showers cubicles can host a number of tough areas to tackle when it comes to cleaning. However, keeping on top of chores regularly can make the process a lot easier. Here are five key things you shouldn't forget about when cleaning your shower. Though you might be eager to get dried off and carry on with your day, taking five minutes to give your shower a quick once over can make a world of difference when it comes to cleaning. Spritz your shower with a specialist shower cleaner each day to dissolve soap scum which may build up on tiles and around the bottom. Wiping down your cubicle after each use using a soft, dry towel can also get rid of any hard water which may build up over time. Consider using a glass cleaner to remove deposits on your glass shower door, and use a paper towel or soft cloth to buff until shining. Keep an eye on your drain too. Shower drains can become clogged with hair and other debris. READ MORE: How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps When tackling your shower door, a squeegee is often cited as a must-have tool. Squeegees can be purchased from the likes of B&Q and Wilko for less than £2. The flat, rubber blade of a squeegee works to remove water and residue from your glass, helping to lengthen the time in between deep cleans. For optimum results, experts from MerryMaids.com advise a special technique used by professional cleaners. This is called the “swivel” or “fan” method. Simply swivel the squeegee between rotating angles as you move down the glass door to ensure it leaves no streaks. You can also use a specialist glass cleaner or spritz down your glass door with diluted vinegar to tackle limescale. DON'T MISS‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [COMMENT]White vinegar and baking soda: 5 ways to clean around your home [INSIGHT]Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it [EXPLAINER] Grout can become discoloured and dirty over time, especially if it is not even the attention it deserves. Try to top up your grout sealant every six months to a year for maximum protection against staining and mildew. Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, Aaron Dallison, from AKD Joinery explained: "The sealant makes tiles and grout more durable. It acts as a barrier to protect the tile, which means it keeps tiles and grout cleaner, for longer." You should also be sure to fill in any gaps or cracks in your grout as soon as you see them. Do you clean your shower daily? Share your top tips in the comments Chrome finishes can easily become marked and dull over time. However, there is one item tucked away in your fridge that could have them sparkling, without the need for harsh chemicals. The acidity in lemon juice works wonders, and all you need is half a lemon. Rub the lemon half directly onto any stained chrome, allowing the juice to sit for three to five minutes. Then, wipe away with a damp microfibre cloth, followed by a dry cloth. To keep your ceramic tiles clean, make sure to wipe them down after every wash to get rid of soap scum and other grime. If you see any mildew, tackle it as soon as possible. Although there are plenty of branded chemical cleaners aimed at getting rid of mildew, a simple mix of white vinegar and baking soda could do the trick. To do this, fill a spray bottle with white vinegar, and spritz over the affected areas. Let the white vinegar sit for a few hours. Then, use a moist cloth to tackle larger areas, and a toothbrush for harder to reach spaces such as corners. Once you are done, rinse the entire area with warm water. For any mildew that remains, try using a paste of three parts baking soda and one-part water. Use a bristled brush to scrub, and then rinse off any residual paste. With ceramic tile showers, your biggest challenge will likely be grout, especially if it is left unsealed, so be sure to keep on top of grouted areas.