Rory McIlroy insists it would be "phenomenal" to have Tiger Woods playing in the Masters next week. Woods, 46, has not played a PGA Tour event since his high-speed car crash last February, which left him with broken bones and multiple fractures in both of his legs. Indeed, the 15-time major champion has since admitted that amputation of his right leg was discussed by doctors.  It was widely assumed his professional career would be finished as he began lengthy rehabilitation, but he played the PNC Championship with his son Charlie in December. In March, rumours of an Augusta return then ramped up when he was included in the provisional field for the tournament. And on Tuesday, he played a practice round on the course with Charlie and good friend Justin Thomas, and appeared to come through his fitness test as he completed all 18 holes. The tournament begins next Thursday, and an appearance from Woods would stir memories of him famously defying the odds three years ago. The American has been synonymous with Augusta wince winning his maiden major there in 1997, by a record margin of 12 shots. He also triumphed at the venue in 2001, 2002, and 2005, before famously ending an 11-year wait for a major title with his fifth win in 2019. JUST IN: Why Rory McIlroy will end his Masters hoodoo after agonising Augusta near-misses  And McIlroy, who is still seeking his first Masters title to complete a career Grand Slam, wants to see the iconic Woods back on the biggest stage. "I think for golf and for the Masters tournament and for everyone, to have Tiger there would be phenomenal," he said at a press conference. "It just adds to the event. Anything Tiger Woods does in the game of golf is heightened whenever he’s there. It would be awesome for him to be there." Between 2014 and 2017, Woods underwent four bouts of back surgery, and the Northern Irishman thinks his return from that ordeal is proof he has the perseverance to prove people wrong again. DON'T MISS:Phil Mickelson skips 2022 Masters after Saudi comments as Tiger Woods set for big comebackSaudi Golf League to launch with first event in UK with huge $25m jackpot up for grabsHenrik Stenson announced as Europe Ryder Cup captain as Donald and Karlsson miss out  "I’ve said this so many times, but from basically March of 2017 fast forward two years and he wins the Masters and where he was with his body and what he had to do to get back to being somewhat healthy," he added. "And it’s not even being somewhat healthy, it’s also what he has to do before the round and after the round just to get himself ready to go and play." McIlroy, 32, will be seeking his own inspiration next week as he looks to improve on a best finish of tied fourth back in 2015. In 2011, he held a four shot advantage in the final round, but shot a disastrous 80 as South African Charl Schwartzel came through to win.