Piers Morgan believes Cristiano Ronaldo is the best player of all time after the Manchester United star’s hat-trick heroics against Tottenham on Saturday. The Portugal international has now netted 18 goals across all competitions this term. And his treble against Spurs was proof that, as he enters the twilight years of his career, he’s still got plenty left in the tank. It’s been a rollercoaster first season back at Old Trafford for Ronaldo, who has blown hot and cold over the course of the campaign. However, he offered a timely reminder of his qualities with a sensational hat-trick against Tottenham on Saturday afternoon. It was like watching the Ronaldo of old, with the 37-year-old’s first goal a screamer from outside the box. His second came after a neat pass from Jadon Sancho, while his third was a thunderbolt header that saw him get the better of Cristian Romero in the air. Ronaldo has now scored 18 goals for United across all competitions this season. And Morgan, writing in his column for The Sun, has now confidently stated the Portugal international is better than fierce rival Lionel Messi - aiming a dig at Gary Lineker in the process. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “It sounds absurd to say Ronaldo was out to prove a point, given how little he has to prove to anyone about his football ability,” he said. “But the real point he proved in scoring his 805th, 806th and 807th career goals, taking him past Czech legend Josef Bican to become the top goal-scorer in football history, is that Cristiano Ronaldo is now indisputably the greatest player ever. “I’ve spent the past few years ferociously arguing this point with diehard Lionel Messi fans like Gary Lineker who refuse to countenance any suggestion that their guy isn’t the GOAT. “But frankly, as this season progresses, the argument is surely over. “Just consider this startling fact: only one player has scored more Premier League goals than Ronaldo this season (Salah), but 91 players have scored more than Messi in Ligue 1 for PSG. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “The Argentinian’s tally of just two goals in 18 league games is by far the worst of his mercurial career, but his painful struggles in Paris perfectly exemplify why Ronaldo is the GOAT. “For me, it comes down to this: Messi is a genius, no question, but I’ve long suspected he’s what cricket fans would call a ‘flat-track bully.’ “For the first 17 years of his career, he only ever played for one club, Barcelona, where he was always surrounded by whole teams of world class players. “From the moment he left Spain and was taken out of his heavily protected comfort zone, he’s faded faster than my taste buds after I caught Covid. “Yet Ronaldo has repeatedly moved clubs, and countries, to give himself new challenges, from Portugal to England, Spain to Italy. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “And everywhere he’s gone, he’s delivered big titles and broken more scoring records.” Morgan also thinks Ronaldo was brave to return to United back in the summer, especially given their struggles in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement. “Even at 36, when he could have taken a massive pay-day for relaxed semi-retirement in America, he took a huge gamble instead by going back to a poor Manchester United side that’s never recovered from his mentor Sir Alex Ferguson’s departure,” he said. “Unlike Messi, he’s deliberately dragged himself out of HIS comfort zone again and again. “Also unlike Messi, who is three years younger, Ronaldo – now 37 – is defying all normal age limitations to continue performing miracles in the toughest of leagues. “The stats don’t lie: Ronaldo’s now the greatest ever Champions League goal-scorer, the greatest international goal-scorer, and the greatest overall goal-scorer. “This isn’t because he’s a better natural player than Messi, or indeed other gifted greats like Ronaldinho and George Best, but because he has a superior mental strength and resilience. “And that, as Michael Phelps proved at swimming, and Tiger Woods has proved at golf, is what makes a GOAT.” Ronaldo will be hoping to continue his fine form when United go up against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday night. The tie currently hangs in the balance after a 1-1 draw in the reverse fixture in Spain.