Indeed, prostate cancer may be accompanied by a variety of urinary symptoms, especially in the early stages, according to Cancer Treatment Centres of America (CTCA). The organisation says depending on its size and location, a tumour may “press on and constrict the urethra, inhibiting the flow of urine”. If you think you might be at risk of prostate cancer or are experiencing any symptoms, visit your GP.  Cancer Research UK explains: “Prostate cancer doesn't usually cause any symptoms. Most prostate cancers tend to start in the outer part of the prostate gland. “This means that to cause symptoms the cancer needs to be big enough to press on the tube that carries wee from your bladder out of your body and is very unusual. This tube is called the urethra.” The CTCA explains the prostate is a small gland in the male reproductive system. It states: “It’s essential in producing fluid that enriches semen, but it may cause issues as men age.” READ MORE: Diabetes: Do you experience polyuria? The warning sign that strikes 'especially at night'  It adds: “The symptoms of prostate cancer may be different for each man, and any one of these symptoms may be caused by other conditions.” Some early prostate cancer signs include:  The CTCA says people may also experience: It notes that those with advanced prostate cancer may experience additional symptoms, because the cancer has spread from the prostate to other parts of the body, such as the bones or lymph nodes. In these instances, signs may include swelling in the legs or pelvic area, numbness or pain in the hips, legs or feet, or bone pain that persists or leads to fractures.  Prostate Cancer UK says most men with early prostate cancer don’t have any signs or symptoms, but there are some things that may mean you're more likely to get prostate cancer.” Indeed, the charity says: “You may want to speak to your GP if you're over 50 (or over 45 if you have a family history of prostate cancer or are a black man), even if you don't have any symptoms. These are all things that can increase your risk of prostate cancer.” Prostate cancer is rare in men younger than 40, but the chance of having prostate cancer rises rapidly after age 50. Having a father or brother with prostate cancer more than doubles a man’s risk of developing this disease.  The American Cancer Society says that a risk factor is anything that raises your risk of getting a disease such as cancer, but having a risk factor, or even several, does not mean that you will get the disease. Prostate Cancer UK says that some prostate cancer grows too slowly to cause any problems or affect how long you live. Because of this, many men with prostate cancer will never need any treatment. Nonetheless, some prostate cancer grows quickly and is more likely to spread. Cancer Research UK says there is no national screening programme for prostate cancer because we do not have a reliable enough test to use. 