Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared how to remove black mould shower curtains with a simple hack. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became famous for her cleaning tips and advice on social media and TV. Now, the cleaning pro has over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Fans of hers have created cleaning groups in her name on social media dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and hacks. On one such group, Facebook user Myra Irvine asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Is there anyway to get black mould out of the bottom of a shower curtain?” Myra’s post was inundated with responses but the most popular answer was to pop the curtain in the washing machine. Sheila Madine said: “I usually just stick my fella’s curtain in the wash and it comes out fine.” READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home Natalie Moots replied: “Put it in the washing machine with biological detergent!” Ellie-Charlotte Dickens suggested: “Check the label. A lot of them you can put in the machine.” Lorraine Oakley said: “Spray with Flash bleach and wash in machine.” Louie Davies commented: “Regular washing at least every two weeks.”  DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [UPDATE]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases [ANALYSIS] Andrea Collins wrote: “I put mine in the washing machine.” Sarah Leacy-Kelly said: “White vinegar kills mould, plus a wash in the machine with a bit of added bleach.” Most homes have a washing machine to clean a shower curtain. It’s best to check the curtain’s label for the best temperature to wash it on. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, according to Jysk, shower curtains should be washed at 40C with a couple of towels. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans for ousting mould from shower curtains included using Astonish Mould and Mildew spray, bleach and Detail Mould and Mildew spray. Linda Docherty said: “Astonish mould and mildew spray. Not too strong but works great.” Claire Chesters replied: “If you haven't tried Astonish Mould and Mildew remover, give it a go! “Leave for 20 minutes and then pop in washer on short wash.”  Claire Allen wrote: “I put mine in bleach for a few hours. “Didn't bleach the bottom of mine then put it in the washer.” Joanna Edwards-Jones replied: “Soak in bleach for a few hours then bung in the washing machine and hang back up to dry.” Amy Milton said: “Spray with Dettol mould and mildew spray. “This stuff is amazing for any mould! “Leave for 20 minutes then wash - be as good as new.”