Residents in England and Wales could be hit by flooding in places as the Met Office forecasts rain and drizzle to continue throughout the week. England's Environment Agency has issued one flood warning at the River Severn at Severn Ham in Tewkesbury, which means flooding is expected. The agency suggests rainfall over the next couple of days will ensure water levels remain high for several days. They warn residents: "Further rain is forecast today and over the next few days that may result in river levels remaining high for several days. "We are closely monitoring the situation. "Consequently, flooding may still affect properties and roads in and around Severn Ham, Tewkesbury. Access to Abbey Mill might be compromised. JUST IN: UK snow forecast: Britain facing sub-zero blast as bone-chilling freeze grips nation- maps "Please avoid contact with flood water, move possessions and valuables off the ground or to safety and plan routes to avoid using low lying roads and footpaths near watercourses which may be flooded." England's Environment Agency will provide an update on the situation at 9am on Tuesday. A total of 16 flood alerts have also been issued. Flooding remains possible across the areas affected: Kempsey Village, Lower River Soar in Leicestershire, Rea Brook and Cound Brook, River Arrow and River Alne, River Avon in Worcestershire, River Churnet and River Tean, River Frome in Herefordshire, River Leam and River Itchen, River Lugg south of Leominster, River Severn in Gloucestershire, River Severn in Worcestershire, River Wye in Derbyshire, Severn Vyrnwy confluence, Tern and Perry catchments, Upper Avon River Swift and Clay Coton Brook, and Upper Teme. Natural Resources Wales has also put in place two flood alerts. The first affects Rivers Nant-Y-Fendrod and Nant Bran in Swansea. The second has been issued at Rivers Gwendraeths, which is near the town of Llanelli in Carmarthenshire. The Met Office has also told Brits to expect rainfall throughout the week. For Tuesday, the UK's national weather service said: "Cloudy across southern England with some rain and drizzle, moving northwards later. DON'T MISS:UK weather forecast warning as -10C Arctic storm to unleash misery [INSIGHT] Spring sunshine to defrost UK this weekend as weather warnings removed [REVEAL] Cold Icelandic blast to bring 17cm snow and -8C icy wind [COMMENT] "Showers and strong winds in the far north easing. Plenty of sunshine elsewhere after a cold start." The Met Office's forecast between Wednesday and Friday added: "Fine start in the north Wednesday, but cloud and rain spreading north, then lingering through Thursday, mainly in the west. "Becoming drier and brighter with some sunshine on Friday."