Emily Bridges, 21, was included on the entry list for the women’s National Omnium Championships, being held on Saturday, April 2. Having been born male, Bridges won a men’s points race just last month at the British Universities Championships in Glasgow. Bridges began hormone therapy last year and now complies with British Cycling’s updated transgender regulations, which require racers to have had testosterone levels below five nano moles per litre for at least 12 months prior to competition. Though technically eligible to compete, following outcry on social media Bridges has since been barred from the race, with British Cycling calling for "a coalition to share, learn and understand more about how we can achieve fairness in a way that maintains the dignity and respect of all athletes". It remains unclear whether Bridges will be able to compete in future races. Baker, who competed in the women's 800 metres event at the 2021 European Athletics Indoor Championships, said the original decision to allow Bridges to compete against biological males was “ridiculous”. She had called on athletes taking part in Saturday's competition to pull out in protest before the decision to bar Bridges was made.Baker said in a post on Twitter: “How this has been allowed to happen is just ridiculous.“I would refuse to race and hope that the other women would stand with me on this too. “This is totally unfair. The advantages a trans women has had from going through puberty as a boy to a man can never been undone.” Other athletes were quick to come to her side, including Sally Gunnell OBE, winner of the 1992 Olympic gold medal in the 400 metres hurdles.She commended Baker’s comments, adding: “Us females past and present should stand together on this.”Track and field athlete Andy Turner also said: “Couldn’t agree more with this. READ MORE: OAP batters neighbour at village war memorial “Competitors need to make a stance and not compete. Women’s sport needs saving.” A spokesperson for five-time Olympic champion Dame Laura Kenny, who Bridges is set to compete against this weekend, did not respond to reports when approached yesterday, on Tuesday.This follows controversy over the involvement of trans woman swimmer Lia Thomas in the NCAA women's 500-yard freestyle swim earlier this month. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Competing as a man in the 2018-19 200 freestyle, Thomas ranked 554th, according to Swimming World magazine. Thomas also then ranked 65th in the men’s 500 freestyle. But Thomas ranked first against biological female competitors in this year’s women’s 500 freestyle. Colorado Republican Representative Lauren Boebert is now leading a resolution to honour the runner-up to transgender swimmer Thomas as the "rightful winner”. Senior figures in the Labour Party have been more hesitant when addressing the transgender question. Leader Sir Keir Starmer recently refused to answer the question of whether or not “a woman can have a penis”. He told LBC: “I don’t think that discussing this issue in this way helps anyone in the long run.”