When it comes to improving your health, little adjustments can make the biggest difference. Simply by adding lemon juice - or slices of lemon - to your water, you can see improvements in your skin, energy levels and even lose weight more easily. Here are seven reasons you should be adding lemon juice to your diet.  Lemon juice is delicious on pancakes and in cakes, but did you know this fruit juice has a host of other health benefits too? Adding lemon juice to hot or cold water and drinking it throughout the day can help improve your health - from aiding weight loss, to improving your skin and boosting your immune system. Lemon juice can also be added to dishes or salad dressings for a hit of sharp and zesty flavour. Here are the reasons adding a slice of lemon to your water could benefit your health.  READ MORE: Visceral fat: The diet that could slash abdominal cravings by 60% Not everyone likes the taste of plain water. If adding a slice of lemon to cold or hot water means you drink more throughout the day, this is a good thing. Like other citrus fruits, lemons are very high in vitamin C. Vitamin C is a powerful antioxidant which is thought to boost your immune system and protect your cells from damage.  Many people who are dieting to lose weight claim drinking water with lemon helps them with their weight loss goals. Studies have assessed the effects of lemon water on mice, which found they reduced weight gain, but more research in humans is needed. The taste of lemon water might help to stop cravings for unhealthy snacks, while staying hydrated helps weight loss overall - especially if you’re trading sugary drinks for plain lemon water. Because of all the vitamin C in lemons, as well as the extra water you’ll be glugging, you should notice results on your skin. Drinking lemon water can reduce the appearance of wrinkles and improve dry skin conditions. DON'T MISS:Cancer: The fish associated with a 'higher risk' of some cancers [TIPS]How to sleep: The hot drink which may reduce insomnia signs [UPDATE]How to lose visceral fat: The drink which can help boost metabolism [INSIGHT]  Some people swear by drinking warm lemon water in the morning to get their digestive system moving. Warm liquids are known to relax your digestive system, often having a laxative effect when you drink them first thing in the morning.  Drinking citric acid - found in lemons - is said to make kidney stones less likely. The citric acid could help to break up small stones, whereas drinking larger quantities of water can help your body to clear your system and flush out stones faster. 