Netflix's 'Drive to Survive' series has returned for season four, following the drama of the 2021 season. The show has attracted millions of fans from around the world thanks to its behind the scenes insight into one of the world's most loved sports. Among the storylines is the rise of Williams during the season. The team has struggled in recent years as limited funding compared to its competitors has seen the set-up frequently come last. In episode six of 'Drive to Survive', Netflix follows the team to round four of the 2021 season in Barcelona. Williams’ George Russell and Nicholas Latifi struggled to make inroads as both drivers complained about the lack of pace in the car. During qualifying, Latifi was heard complaining about the car, saying: "That's all there is, it's ridiculous". Mid-lap, Russell also comments on the car, saying: "The car is a bit harder to drive. I lost a lot of speed on the straight." The Briton later complained about his brakes before qualifying in P15, and said: "The car was incredibly slow, difficult to drive. "It induced mistakes in my driving, it made me lose confidence, and it was just difficult." Things did improve for Williams over the course of the 2021 season – securing its best season in a long time and scoring its first points since 2019. Highlights included Russel finishing P9 and Latifi P8 in a manic and rainy Hungarian Grand Prix. Wet weather aided Russell in Belgium, where he qualified second and earned his first podium when the race was abandoned after just two laps behind the safety car. Williams eventually ended the season in eighth with 23 points. Russell has since moved to Mercedes, hoping to cement himself as a title contender in the coming years. When the move was announced in September, he said: “It's a special day for me personally and professionally, but also a day of mixed emotions. “I’m excited and humbled to be joining Mercedes next year, which is a huge career step, but it also means I’ll be saying goodbye to my teammates and friends at Williams. READ MORE: Hamilton snooped on Verstappen's car and gave Mercedes feedback "It has been an honour working alongside every member of the team, and an honour to represent the Williams name in F1. “Looking ahead to next season, I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t absolutely buzzing. It’s a huge opportunity and one I want to grab with both hands. “But I’m under no illusions as to the scale of the challenge; it’s going to be a steep learning curve." He will join seven time champion Lewis Hamilton, and many wonder if Russell will give the F1 legend a tougher time than previous Mercedes number two driver Valtteri Bottas. Russell has dismissed the idea that he has an advantage over his new teammate after Hamilton suffered a heartbreaking defeat to Max Verstappen last season. On his new teammate, Russell said: "Lewis is a fighter, he’s a racer. DON'T MISS F1's Max Verstappen’s girlfriend Kelly Piquet admits hidden struggles [INSIGHT] Lewis Hamilton health: F1 driver on the 'lingering' effects of Covid [ANALYSIS] Toto Wolff was warned to 'grow up' by fuious Johnny Herbert [INSIGHT] "His absolute main priority is to be the best version of himself when he hits the track in Bahrain for race one. "He's more experienced than I am. He knows what it takes to be a world champion and he knows what preparation he needs over the course of a pre-season to prepare himself best for that first race. "Everybody's different. I'll have a different approach probably to Lewis, he'll have a different approach to another driver, and that's for all of the Formula 1 drivers. "You need to learn what is best for you and respect how each individual does that."