Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their window cleaning advice online, once again. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning influencer with more than 4.3 million followers on Instagram. The cleaning pro shot to fame after she began sharing her cleaning tips and hacks online and on TV. Fans of hers were so enamoured by her tips, they set up their own cleaning advice groups on social media to share their own cleaning hacks. On one such group, Facebook user Cheryl Hardy asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Totally fed up with streaky windows/mirrors/showers. What does everyone use? “For windows and mirrors, I have tried different glass cleaners and for the shower door I normally spray with Viakal, rinse and then squeegee. “I guess the shower isn’t too bad but my windows and mirrors always look streaky in sunlight and it’s driving me bonkers!” Cheryl’s post was inundated with more than 60 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. The experts offered lots of advice for Cheryl but the most popular response was to use washing up liquid. READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains Janet Roberts said: “My son is a window cleaner and he saw me clean with a spray and I got told off. “Just use warm water, washing up liquid and two clean clothes, one to put on and one to dry. Worked better, no streaks.” Julia Bamboolia agreed with Janet and said: “I worked in a glass factory and we used a tiny bit of washing up liquid as long as you dry the glass, it's perfect!” Vicki Phillips replied: “Method glass spray for windows and mirrors, fairy liquid and warm water for the shower screen followed by a window vac. “Every so often I do the windows with warm water/Fairy too when I can be bothered.” Samantha Sayers commented: “I clean windows and glossy surfaces with washing up liquid in some hot water to remove dirt and grease then go over with a well squeezed Minky glass cloth. “Leave to dry naturally and no streaks.” DON'T MISSCleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home [INSIGHT]Inside Eugenie's home after Meghan and Harry's £2.4million renovations [UPDATE]White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [ANALYSIS] Claire Robson said: “Just a wet cloth and spray washing up liquid to clean and then buff dry with separate dry cloth or, I find a flannel works well.” Alex Robertson wrote: “I always use a bucket with Fairly liquid in it and a sponge to clean mine, wipe off with a window blade and they're fine, no streaks Cheryl.” Gillian Gale Cairns said: “After years of trying EVERYTHING this is the answer. “I was doubtful but it works 100 percent. “Fill with warm water and a small amount of washing up liquid. “Dip in a small bowl of water and do the whole window including the frame. Wipe dry with micro cloth. Amazing.” SusieMac Watt-Pringle posted: “Water with vinegar and a drop of Fairy liquid in a spray bottle. “Then I use scrunched up newspaper, yes newspaper. Works really well.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Fairy Original Washing Up Liquid Green with Lift Action can be bought from Sainsbury’s for £2. Fairy Original Washing Up Liquid can be found at ASDA for 97p. Fairy Original with Lift Action Washing Up Liquid is available to buy from Waitrose for £1.25. Fairy Max Power Original Washing Up Liquid can be bought from Ocado for £3. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fas included using white vinegar, rubbing alcohol, fabric conditioner and water from a condenser dryer. Anita Dyer said: “Screen wash diluted with water in a spray bottle, then squeegy off. “I am a cleaner and always do this with shower glass and windows. So easy and quick.” Shaunie Paterson replied: “All my windows get done with Stardrops white vinegar spray! “I changed to this a few months ago and swear by it.  “Also use it on my mirrors, sprayed onto the cloth though.” Annmarie Doherty wrote: “I read on here last night that the water from a condenser dryer worked great on windows.” Linda Ann Southern said: “I use white vinegar, rubbing alcohol and water all mixed together, then with my Karcher window vac, I scroll down then a dry microfibre or green window cloth. “They seem to stay cleaner as well. Also screen wash is very good.” Christine Ann commented: “The best and you wont look back. “Warm water and a cup full of fabric conditioner. “Wash windows and dry with kitchen roll... you will be amazed.” Sam Bates said: “I am a cleaner and I use my homemade glass cleaner - 20ml white vinegar, 20ml lemon juice, a dash of washing up liquid in a spray bottle, fill up with water, shake and it’s ready. “I never wash my cloths in fabric conditioner as this causes smears and I clean in an ’S’ shape.”