French President Macron is hoping to have more talks with Putin in the coming hours about the situation in Ukraine and any plans to help people leave Mariupol, which has been among the worst hit by the Russian bombardment.  Mariupol city had over 400,000 residents before the war. After relentless shelling by Russian forces, tens of thousands of people have been trapped with little access to food, power or heat, while the besieged city around them crumbles under Russian bombardment. Mr Macron announced on Friday that France would spearhead an “exceptional humanitarian operation” alongside Turkey and Greece to evacuate Mariupol, which has been under siege for three weeks. Macron told reporters following a two-day European Council summit: “We are going to launch a humanitarian operation in conjunction with Turkey and Greece to evacuate all those who wish to leave Mariupol". He gave very few details but said the operation would take place “the earlier the better,” and would be conducted “in coordination” with President Zelensky, the Ukrainian authorities and the mayor of Mariupol.    Macron also said he would discuss the Mariupol operation with Russian President Vladimir Putin “within 48 to 72 hours.” He added: “I hope to be able to engage a maximum of stakeholders in this operation".  On Friday, Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky announced that he had been speaking with the Turkish president who continues to try mediate between the two countries. Zelensky tweeted: "Talked to @RTErdogan about the results of the #NATO summit. Exchanged assessments of the current diplomatic efforts. Discussed the threat of the food crisis and ways to prevent it. I am grateful to Turkey for its support." READ MORE: Zelensky victory nears as US claims Kherson retaken from Putin President Erdoğan said on Friday that Ukraine and Russia seem to have reached "an understanding" on four out of six topics of disagreement discussed during negotiations. Speaking to reporters on his way back from a NATO summit in Brussels, Erdoğan also said he will speak with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky and with Russian President Vladimir Putin over the weekend. He said: “There are six topics of negotiation between Russia and Ukraine, there seems to be an understanding between them about four topics. "At first, Ukraine was hung up on this issue, but later on, Zelensky began to express that he could withdraw from NATO membership. Another issue is the acceptance of Russian as an official language. Zelensky also admitted this. Russian is a language spoken almost everywhere in Ukraine. There is no problem at this point either". DON'T MISS: Support for Ukraine: Free Sunflower Seeds with Monday's Daily Express [INSIGHT]Brexit 'influence' argument rubbished by expert amid Ukraine invasion [COMMENT]Putin sets ‘end date’ for Ukraine invasion – chilling link to WW2 [ANALYSIS]   Erdoğan also mentioned that Zelensky's comments about a potential referendum on compromises with Russia was "smart leadership." On Monday, Zelensky said any constitutional changes that relate to security guarantees in the country would need to be decided through a referendum and not by him alone. About his upcoming call with Putin, Erdoğan said: "We should discuss and evaluate" NATO meetings. "We have to look for a way to smooth this business by saying 'make an honorable exit to this,'".   Earlier this month, President Macron said he will continue talks with the Russian President, despite having failed so far to influence the Russian president’s escalating attack on Ukraine. The two leaders have spoken several times since Russia first invaded Ukraine last month. The French leader said the reason for keeping an open dialogue with Putin is to discuss things like humanitarian corridors, the protection of nuclear plants and any possible way out of the conflict. 