The Duchess of Cambridge wore the sparkling blue set to arrive at Philip S. W Goldson International Airport in Belize on Saturday 19. Kate Middleton wore a pair of sapphire and diamond earrings, a favourite of the royal's worn often. This time, matching her beautiful cluster drop earrings, Kate was seen wearing a two-drop sapphire and diamond cluster pendant fitted to a lovely fine yellow gold chain. Topping the necklace is a smaller cluster with a slight variation, as it is made up of a 0.50cts round cut sapphire rather than the oval or cushion shape that we see in the earrings and main pendant. It is surrounded by five smaller diamonds of about 0.15cts each. READ MORE: Kate Middleton earring shock: Sapphire gems 'NOT likely to have belonged to Diana' The main drop is capped with a small round diamond. As with the earrings, the royal blue 2ct cushion or oval cut sapphire is surrounded by nine 0.25cts diamonds. Not much is known about this pendant, and this is one of the few times Kate has been seen wearing it. Considering how similar these look to her earrings, which were a gift from Prince William, it would be reasonable to assume that this too was a gift from William. DON'T MISSKate Middleton's 'subtle nod' to Prince William's past [STYLE] Most sentimental jewellery Kate has received from Prince William [INSIGHT] Princess Charlene: Royal's engagement ring is 'very stylish' [PICTURES] In addition, the similarity between the earrings and pendant gives us a hint as to the origins of the suite. It most likely that these have been re-modelled from existing jewellery belonging to the Royal Family or perhaps from Diana’s own collection. I would expect the pendant alone to reach over £25,000 if it were ever presented at auction, and the matching earring and pendant suite, £75,000. The gorgeous matching set is often the subject of a number of rumours to do with its provenence. These earrings are often reported to have been a gift to Princess Diana, the late mother of Prince William, from the Saudi Royal Family. However, the earrings do not appear to be the same gems, due to the difference in cuts of the sapphires. However, the earrings may have come from another set in Diana's own collection. Another stunning pendant to rival Kate's can be purchased from Prestige. Kate has another set of sapphire earrings linked to a beloved senior royal. Kate Middleton's earrings from the Queen Mother would fetch well over £1m. Kate wore the gems to the 'Together at Christmas' community carol service at Westminster Abbey on December 8 last year. The Duchess has also worn the pair at a state dinner to welcome former US President Donald Trump to the country in June 2019.