The shop on the Norfolk estate stocks “an extensive collection of artisan Norfolk products, from beautiful home and garden war to country attire". After it emerged the monarch often does her own washing up and “likes it”, the Sandringham Estate launched the Queen’s own line of washing up liquid.  Former royal butler, Paul Burrell, has revealed many behind-the-scenes facts about royal life and spoke to The Secret podcast about the monarch’s washing up habits. The former palace aide, who featured on the podcast in December 2020, said the monarch isn't above washing up. Mr Burrell explained: “[The Queen] does like to go on picnics but the food is all prepared. She likes to wash up.” He added: “She puts on the Marigolds [cleaning gloves] and when she goes out to the log cabin at Balmoral she is stood there with her Marigolds on and she washes up and the lady-in-waiting dries.  “She likes to get her hands wet in the sink, that’s something she does.” The bottled “natural dish wash”, which is a part of the Queen’s homeware range, is on sale for £14.99 per bottle. The scent of the liquid is inspired by the local area as it has the aroma of “coastal walks” in tribute to the estate. The bottles, which contain 500 millilitres of dish soap, feature the Sandringham Estate logo and have a label that explains the origins and inspiration behind the product. It reads: “Inspired by a shared passion for protecting our environment, we have collaborated with Norfolk Natural Living, to create our dish wash just 10 miles from the estate, using the finest botanical ingredients.” READ MORE:Ukraine war: Russians in bitter squabbles over ‘propaganda’ of West  The Estate has worked with Norfolk Natural Living on multiple products, including another product with the coastal scent. The scent of the dish soap has also been used for the Estate’s dog perfume which sells at £9.99 per bottle. The fragrance was designed to help dog owners “get rid of any unwanted odours and keep them [dogs] smelling fresh”. The pet product contains witch hazel and a blend of essential oils and is to be spritzed into the palm and “smoothed over your dog's freshly washed and dried coat to help rid any unwanted odours and keep them smelling fresh". DON'T MISS:POLL: Do YOU think MPs colluded with Remainers to stop Brexit? (POLL)Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin (INSIGHT)Covid horror as experts warn of NEW terrifying variants (REVEAL)  Another product from the Queen’s collection is Sandringham honey. The honey is produced by bees on the Estate which were said to have been introduced by Prince Charles as part of his push for organic products. The jar is listed for £14.99. One shopper said: “It is rather expensive - but it tastes absolutely delicious so it is worth it.” 