Netflix’s thrilling science-fiction drama took The Umbrella Academy back in time for its thrilling second season last year. Fans are now desperate to know when the comic-book-inspired romp will be returning, and lead star Elliot Page has now given them their first look at his character, Viktor Hargreeves. Elliot posted a brand new look at Viktor on his personal Instagram and Twitter accounts ahead of the show’s return in June. The Hollywood star came out as transgender in December 2020 and has now confirmed his transition will be reflected in the series. He posted a new snap of Viktor sitting at a diner, sporting a short haircut and leather jacket. In the post’s caption, he wrote: “Meet Viktor Hargreeves.” READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is His update was retweeted by both Netflix’s and The Umbrella Academy’s official Instagram accounts. Fans of the show and Elliot took no time at all to flood the comments with messages of support. On Twitter, Clem Marchal exclaimed: “Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! “Finally a transgender character on an internationally-acclaimed TV show, who's played by a transgender actor, and whose coming out story will, I'm sure, be well told!” And @eoscintilla said: “The execution here is incredible because they really emphasised that Elliot's comfort comes first and incorporated that into the show in a super cool way. “Viktor fulfils the same purpose plot-wise, adds another layer of depth to the character, and gives a ton of representation, and I can honestly say that I have never been more excited for a show.” On Instagram, Elliot’s co-star Justin H Min, who portrays Ben Hargreeves, replied: “Leather jacket brothers.” And Luther star Tom Hopper commented: “Still jealous of your leather jacket this season!” DON'T MISS:Victoria Pedretti lands first role after YOU exit [NEWS]Bridgerton season 2: Prudence star exposes huge set secret [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon release date set for August 2022 [UPDATE] While Netflix Geeked’s official page wrote: “Welcome Viktor!!!! We can’t wait to meet you! Sincerely, your brellies.” (sic) Entertainment Weekly has also confirmed Viktor will come out as transgender, rather than there being a supernatural reason to explain why Elliot’s character is male this time around. Season three of The Umbrella Academy will pick up where the second outing left off after the Hargreeves' came face-to-face with the mysterious Sparrow Academy. As well as Elliot, Justin and Tom, David Castañeda’s Diego, Emmy Raver-Lampman’s Allison, Robert Sheehan’s Klaus and Aidan Gallagher’s Number Five will all return. Their mission to save the world from Armageddon in the 1960s appeared to be successful until they realised the Sparrows had infiltrated their timeline. Thankfully, they could have some allies in the form of Sir Reginald Hargreeves (Colm Feore) and their Ben (Justin H Min), who both died in the first season. However, nothing is ever as it seems with the Hargreeves family, so fans should prepare for more suspense and even bigger surprises when the series continues. The Umbrella Academy season 3 will be released on Wednesday, June 22 on Netflix.