Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov travelled to Geneva to meet his US counterpart Anthony Blinken, and the French President Emmanuel Macron has held talks on several occasions both in person and by phone with the Russian President.   However, one country has been omitted from the discussion – China, and could they hold the key to ending the ongoing conflict in Ukraine? Russia and China’s relations have become ever closer in recent years, sharing their dissatisfaction with the western dominated international system, as well as hopes for regional security in central Asia. At the opening ceremony of the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, Putin was one of the few world leaders in attendance, putting their closeness on display. But there is increasingly a discrepancy in the power dynamic between the two, with China very firmly having the upper hand, something particularly evident economically. At pre-Covid levels in 2018, 15.5% of Russia’s total trade was with China, whereas only 0.8% of Chinese trade was with Russia. Following the sanctions imposed by the West, Russia’s financial situation has been deteriorating, with Russian citizens queuing to withdraw cash. This could only get worse were China to exert the economic power it has over Russia, which could prove central to ending the Ukraine conflict.  Indeed, Chinese desires to end the conflict have been on display to some extent. The fact that China abstained from voting in the United Nations Security Council draft resolution on ending the conflict in Ukraine on the 25 th February, was a massive diplomatic move. It signalled that they wouldn’t prevent the resolution from being passed, or the subsequent discussion in an emergency session of the United Nations General Assembly. For a country with close ties to Russia, this suggested a difference of opinion, evident in Xi Jinping’s phrasing that the two countries were partners, not allies. This further alienates Russia from the international community, putting them in an increasingly difficult position. If only for self-serving purposes, China will want the conflict to end. The longer it goes on, the more international attention may focus on Chinese intentions towards Taiwan and their actions in the South China Sea. China certainly has the key to ending the Ukrainian conflict, the question is will they use it? *Dr Abigail Blyth is an Assistant Professor of Intelligence and International Security at the University of Nottingham 