Sir Steve Webb said the elderly face a 'financial rollercoaster' and should not have to go to their councils for a ‘bailout’ from a hardship fund set up by the Chancellor. They will suffer the biggest loss of income since 1980 and be among the hardest hit by the cost-of-living crisis as the spending power of the state pension weakens. A dramatic 6.2 percent surge in prices and the Government’s controversial decision to break the state pensions ‘triple lock will leave a £388 hole in 12m pensioners’ pockets this year. And criticism grew from campaigners and pensioner groups of the lack of extra help for Britain’s elderly in the Chancellor’s spring statement. The state pension will rise by £5.55 a week in April but this 3.1 percent increase is not enough to keep up with inflation, which is predicted to hit 7.25 percent, according to the Bank of England. Caroline Abrahams, charity director at Age UK, said: “As the dust settles after his spring statement, it's clear the Chancellor simply hasn't given enough help to those least able to cope with soaring inflation, including many pensioners. "Prices of everyday items are going up so quickly now that older people dependent on their State Pension risk being totally overwhelmed. “They are typically resourceful in making their limited incomes stretch to cover the essentials, but the scale and pace of these rising costs go beyond anything seen for generations. “The big question for the Chancellor is what is an older person to do if they simply cannot afford the basics in the weeks and months to come? “So far, he does not appear to have an answer and that's a frightening position for us all to be in.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Of the plans announced by Rishi Sunak, the National Insurance changes – the biggest giveaway – offer nothing to retired pensioners. And the five pence fuel duty cut will mainly benefit those who are in work and who drive regularly. The one additional source of help which may be relevant to pensioners who are struggling the most is the extra £500m for local authority ‘hardship funds’. This April state pension rise is less than half the rate of inflation. But by April 2023 the pension rise is forecast to be 7.5 percent - the biggest ever cash rise in the state pension. And by April 2024 the rate of the new state pension will go through the £200 per week barrier. Now a partner at LCP, Sir Steve said: “The situation will be especially tough on pensioners with low savings who may struggle to get by this year before the pension boost next year. “It is extraordinary that the main help offered by the Chancellor yesterday for pensioners was extra cash for local authority hardship funds. “They should be receiving a decent pension as of right and not have to go to their Council for a bailout.  “The spring statement will have been a big disappointment and pensioners are set to face a financial rollercoaster in the coming years with a tough squeeze this year followed by a catch-up next year. “Next year should see the biggest ever cash rise in the value of the state pension, as pension rates catch up. The problem is that ‘jam tomorrow’ will not pay bills today.@ The main help they will receive from the Chancellor is the already-announced £150 off Council Tax bills, but only for those in properties in Bands A-D. They will also get £200 off energy bills in the Autumn, but this will have to be repaid over the coming five years. Age UK, the country's biggest pensioner charity, is now calling on the Government to urgently direct more funding towards Britain’s elderly. This includes a targeted package of support which mitigates the energy price cap rise this April. There should also be direct payments of up to £500 to people who are eligible for the Cold Weather Payment. The discretionary fund should be doubled to £288m to support those missing out on the Council Tax rebate. And ministers should consult on a new energy social tariff with Ofgem and legislate to extend the price cap beyond 2023. 