Cheltenham Festival has taken place this week, starting on Tuesday, March 15, and finishing tomorrow, March 18. Guests have worn their most extravagant outfits and hats all week, and today was no exception. Racegoers flooded into Cheltenham this morning, all dressed to the nines. But, in celebration of St. Patrick’s Day, some guests opted to wear outfits in honour of Ireland’s patron saint. One racegoer turned up in a green jumper with a huge sparkling green bow tie and tricolour bucket hat in Irish green, white, and orange colours. Two men raised the bar further as they opted for green suits. READ MORE: Kate's parenting style 'elegant' while Pippa 'looking breezily calm' One man wore a green blazer and tie, both decorated in four-leaf clovers, while his friend wore a similar jacket with matching trousers. One woman wore a short suit also in St. Patrick colours – her blazer and shorts featured a green and white check pattern. She paired this ensemble with white heeled boots and wore a white top underneath her jacket. ITV presenter Fracncesca Cumani joined in with the celebrations by wearing a mint green coat dress with a matching headband. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] The coat had a folded collar with three small leaf-shaped brooches pinned to it, while her headband featured a small green bow. Racegoers from Ireland were aplenty on the racecourse today, deciding to spend their national day drinking, eating, and watching the races in the English sun. One Irish guest, Dennis Courtney from County Cork, wore a green hat and had stuck and orange beard to his chin. Yet another racegoer, named Paul Smaylen from Evehsam in England, was seen in a shamrock-patterned suit – this time with dark green, lime green, and white shamrocks. Even Zara Tindall was seen in green. The royal wore a dark turquoise coat and pale blue hat, completing the look with green velour heels. She was joined by friend Dolly Maude who wore a green jacket atop a short, printed dress. Dolly, who is an NHS maternity nurse, completed her bold look with clashing leopard print hat and a pair of above-the-knee beige suede boots. Knee-high boots were popular at the festival, with a group of four women turning up this morning all donning matching black pairs. Three of the four wore skirt suits – in grey, purple, and black. One woman looked ravishing in a bright turquoise coat dress with a belt cinched around the waist and a Peter Pan collar. She also donned black fish-net tights and a black beret hat adorned with large peacock feathers, making the look all the more eye-catching and unique.