Kate and Prince William's tour in the Caribbean comes at a time the Crown is likely realising its relationship with some of the overseas realms has become "tenuous", according to historian Dr Ed Owens. The expert noted countries like Jamaica have harboured a strong republican spirit for several years now and they are likely going to cut their remaining ties with the Crown in the future. He told Express.co.uk: "I honestly think that the Royal Family probably recognises that time is running out with their relationship with the realms. "At the same time, they [the Crown] can't be seen as completely giving up on them. "But nevertheless I think they recognise the realms becoming republics while still remaining part of the Commonwealth is probably an inevitable part of the trajectory that they are on." Dr Owens also noted the overseas realms still held by the Crown "derive from when Britain was an imperial power". He continued: "The days of empires are very much over." Speaking about the relationship between the Crown and its 14 overseas realms, Dr Owens claimed that, in countries such as New Zealand, Canada and Australia, the Royal Family appear to still have "quite a significant following". He continued: "But in some of these Caribbean nations, their relationship with the modern monarchy is quite tenuous." Speaking prior to the emergence of reports the Jamaican government has "already begun" the process of removing the Queen as its head of state, Dr Owens stressed losing more realms after Barbados would not deal a "huge amount of damage" to the Crown, as the new republics would likely remain part of the Commonwealth - the real source of the Royal Family's global power. READ MORE: Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ He said: "I don't think there is a huge amount of damage, I think this is important to stress. "Because the countries will remain part of the Commonwealth after becoming republics." Dr Owens' remarks came just days before the beginning of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's tour to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. The couple has been welcomed by hundreds of cheering well-wishers in the locations they have visited so far. However, their tour has also been marred by protests and calls for slavery reparations. Moreover, Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness appeared to serve notice on the Queen during a meeting with Prince William and Kate as he told them his country is "moving on". He told the royal pair: "There are issues here which are, as you would know, unresolved, but your presence gives an opportunity for these issues to be placed in context, put front and centre and to be addressed as best we can. "But Jamaica is, as you can see, a country that is very proud of its history, very proud of what we have achieved and we are moving on and we intend to attain, in short order, our developing goals and to fulfil our true ambitions… as an independent, developed, prosperous country." A senior figure within the Jamaican government has also been reportedly appointed with the primary aim of seeing the nation transition to republic status, according to political sources. A source told The Independent: "The government has had to start the process; the road to becoming a republic is not an easy one but they have long been coming under significant pressure to do it." While in Jamaica, the Duke of Cambridge addressed the issue of slavery in a speech echoing the one delivered by his father in November, as he watched Barbados become a republic. William said: "I strongly agree with my father, the Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year, that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history." He added: "I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened. "While the pain runs deep, Jamaica continues to forge its future with determination, courage and fortitude". This tour marked Kate and William's return to international travel following a two-year stop forced by the pandemic. Their last official visit abroad took place in March 2020, when they carried out a three-day tour of Ireland.