The Holiday has been airing a new episode four nights on the trot this week, with the grand finale airing on Friday, March 4, on Channel 5. The thriller is based on The Sunday Times bestselling book of the same name by TM Logan which came out in 2019. With the end in sight, fans are keen to know if it will be back for another season. To recap, There have been plenty of life-changing moments for Kate (played by Jill Halfpenny) and her family and friends since going on vacation. She, her family, three best friends and their loved ones ventured off to Malta but while they were expecting some time to relax, it's actually been non-stop stress for them all. Kate believes her husband Sean (Owen McDonnell) is having an affair with one of her friends and is on the warpath to find out who. She also discovered Izzy's (Cat Simmons) body at the bottom of a cliff but who was the one to push her? READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail However, if the series does have the same or a similar ending to the book, then there could be some scope for it to make a comeback.In the final pages of the novel, it is revealed that Sean's mysterious CoralGirl was none other than Jenny (Liv Mjones) but they weren't having an affair.Instead, they were trying to cover up their children's involvement in the murder of teenager Alex Bayley, Lucy's (Lara McDonnell) ex-boyfriend.They had broken up and Alex was taunting her with a nude video he had taken and when she drunkenly told Jenny's son Jake (Shaun O'Callaghan), she said she wanted him to be in an "accident".To impress her, Jake ran Alex over with Jenny's car which Sean had been witness to as he was out on a run that night.He was ready to call the police but Jennifer phoned and begged him not to mention her son so Sean left Jake out of it.Sean was ready to call the police but when he talked about what happened with Jenny, she told Sean Jake had secretly videoed Lucy telling him to run over her ex-boyfriend.Jenny used this to blackmail Sean to make sure he would keep his mouth shut.  The Holiday, a four-part mini-series on Channel 5, is coming to an end on March 4 at 9pm. As of yet, there has been no confirmation that it will be returning for another season. So, for now, at least, it is thought that The Holiday is only going to be made up of one series. The thriller is based on TM Logan's book which was also a standalone novel. However, if the series does have the same or a similar ending to the book, then there could be some scope for it to make a comeback. In the final pages of the novel, it is revealed that Sean's mysterious CoralGirl was none other than Jenny (Liv Mjones) but they weren't having an affair. Instead, they were trying to cover up their children's involvement in the murder of teenager Alex Bayley, Lucy's (Lara McDonnell) ex-boyfriend. They had broken up and Alex was taunting her with a nude video he had taken and when she drunkenly told Jenny's son Jake (Shaun O'Callaghan), she said she wanted him to be in an "accident". To impress her, Jake ran Alex over with Jenny's car which Sean had been witness to as he was out on a run that night. He was ready to call the police but Jennifer phoned and begged him not to mention her son so Sean left Jake out of it. Sean was ready to call the police but when he talked about what happened with Jenny, she told Sean Jake had secretly videoed Lucy telling him to run over her ex-boyfriend. Jenny used this to blackmail Sean to make sure he would keep his mouth shut. DON'T MISS...EastEnders villain Gray Atkins' exit confirmed as star speaks out [EXIT]The Good Doctor season 5: Fan-favourite confirms return [CAST]The Holiday viewers 'switch off' as major character dies  [REACTION] The events eventually led to the death of Izzy though as Jake got drunk and confessed what he had done while they were in Malta. As her fiancé died in a hit-and-run, Izzy wasn't willing to let it go and so, to protect Jake, Jennifer pushed her friend off the cliff. Kate doesn't go to the police either as Lucy would go to prison for telling Jake to do it. Nevertheless, Jennifer is taken away by officers for previously almost killing Kate's son Daniel. The book doesn't end there though as it has a "one month later" scenario where Jenny is still behind bars. Kate breaks into her home to wipe away the videos of Lucy speaking to Jake, therefore, getting rid of any evidence involving her. More than likely, Jenny would take the blame for both murders to spare her son. So if Channel 5 did want to bring The Holiday back for another series, there is potential for more storylines. There may have been just one book but it's not unheard of to carry on a story even after the novel comes to an end. HBO's Big Little Lies was based on just one book and yet, it has returned for multiple seasons. Actress Halfpenny also previously told RadioTimes.com that the ending of The Holiday is "pretty close" to the books which could leave the door open for another series in the future. Express.co.uk will update this article if any more information comes out. The Holiday is available to watch on My5.