Dame Maureen Lipman, 75, has ruled out returning to Celebrity Gogglebox, after quitting the show in December. The star parted ways with the spin-off series after claiming that all her clever comments had been axed. The Coronation Street actress was asked in a recent interview if she planned to return at any point. She explained she is “sure” that on-screen pal Gyles Brandreth will be paired with “someone else.” Maureen said she went into the show thinking they wanted her for her “wit” and her “brain". She spoke to Radio Times about how this ended up not being the case. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win The actress said: “I’m sure they’ll put someone else with Gyles. “I went into Gogglebox imagining that they wanted me for my wit and my brain. “Of course, they just want to show you willies and for you to be shocked. “Honestly, we were really funny together, but none of that was used. “And if they don’t want to use what we gave them, f*** them.” Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Channel 4 for comment. Dame Maureen also addressed her previous comments about cancel culture, and public spats she had been involved in. She explained that she felt as if she was accidentally provocative, and often gives people the wrong impression of who she is. The star said that people such as her, who care about “injustice”, do tend to speak their mind. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] She has confirmed that being anti-Corbyn, for example, has not made her very popular. She confirmed that there was little glory for her in being a truthful person, and she doesn’t feel “released" by it. Maureen added that criticism always hurts, regardless of age. She continued, saying that her kids have asked her to slow down with her outspoken comments. The writer went on to speak about her role in the new series of ITV’s DNA journey alongside Rula Lenska. She said that, at first, she didn’t want to do it, as she doesn’t like “weeping documentaries". The show follows a group of celebrities as they are given a specialist insight into their lives. Viewers can watch as Maureen, among others, use the latest in innovative science and technology to trace their ancestry. Read the full interview in this week's Radio Times - out now.