Chelsea's impending sale may have taken another new turn in finding a new owner to take control of the Blues following the sanctions placed on Roman Abramovich - with one consortium aiming to emulate Liverpool's transfer strategy in a bid to continue their dominance of European football. Abramovich was forced to sell earlier this month amidst the Russia-Ukraine conflict that continues to burn on. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss ruled that Abramovich had close relations with Russian president Vladimir Putin, who had laid an attack on Ukraine late in February. But a report by the Daily Mail claims that Chelsea could opt for a deal with billionaire Todd Boehly to sort their finances out - and lay challenge to the Premier League title once again. The report states that Boehly, along with Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss and London property guru Jonathan Goldstein, have become the favourites to take over the club ahead of Friday's recently surpassed bidding deadline. They insist that fans will be put at the heart of the club's interests amidst the uncertainty that surrounds the Blues at present. And furthermore, Boehly has promised that he will emulate Liverpool's use of data to ensure Chelsea's transfer recruitment progresses. The Reds' upturn in fortunes over the last five years is no coincidence, with their use of data as opposed to signing superstars being the key reason in moulding the side boss Jurgen Klopp has aimed to build. The German has won a Champions League, Premier League and Carabao Cup in his time as boss, and Chelsea could look to sign cheaper stars such as Diogo Jota, Mohamed Salah and Luiz Diaz as opposed to attaining Romelu Lukaku for twice the price. His consortium reportedly seems to be in 'advanced talks' for a deal that would see them take control of the European champions, with many believing they have reassured the UK Government a quick, uncomplicated deal can be processed. That would appeal to fans, with Chelsea's wage budget being £28million per month and the growing uncertainty over just how much money is in Chelsea's cash reserves. Finance is not said to be an issue, with Boehly's investment company said to be worth £30.6b in assets, whilst Wyss's personal wealth being £3.8b. And it could see Chelsea's contract and transfer embargo lifted ahead of the new season to give them hope once more. Abramovich detailed his intentions to sell the club earlier this month ahead of their FA Cup fifth-round win at Luton Town. "As I have stated before, I have always taken decisions with the Club’s best interest at heart," Abramovich said. "In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the Club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the Club, the fans, the employees, as well as the Club’s sponsors and partners. The sale of the Club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. This has never been about business nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and Club. "Moreover, I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated. The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine. This includes providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery." Chelsea advanced to the FA Cup semi-finals with a win over Middlesbrough on Saturday evening. Thomas Tuchel's men eased to a 2-0 victory on Teesside, with both goals coming in the first half courtesy of Romelu Lukaku and Hakim Ziyech.