The Queen was joined by several members of the Royal Family today (March 29) for a Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip, the Queen's beloved consort of more than seven decades. But one member of the Royal Family noticeably absent from the proceedings was Prince Harry, the Queen and late Duke's grandson, who now lives in the US. Earlier this month it was announced the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would not be visiting the UK for Prince Philip's memorial service at Westminster Abbey. Harry is currently pursuing a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting the UK, despite offering to pay for it himself. The High Court was previously told the Duke wants to bring his children to the UK, but "does not feel safe" when visiting under current security arrangements. READ MORE: Kevin Costner once discussed Meghan Markle’s life: ‘Enough attention’  The Duke is challenging the February 2020 decision of the Executive Committee for the Protection of Royalty and Public Figures (Ravec), which has delegated powers from the Home Secretary. Harry and Meghan lost their taxpayer-funded police protection in early 2020 after they stepped down as working members of the Royal Family. Harry briefly returned to the UK for Prince Philip's funeral last April. He also attended the unveiling of a statue of his mother Princess Diana at Kensington Palace last July, on what would have been her 60th birthday. It is understood his car was pursued by photographers as he left an event in London during his summer visit.  While Harry did not visit the Queen and Royal Family for Philip's memorial on Tuesday, a spokesperson for the Duke said earlier this month that he hopes to visit the Queen as soon as possible. Understandably, Harry and Meghan are likely eager to introduce their daughter to Harry's grandmother, with the couple's love for the Queen evident in their decision to name their daughter after her nickname Lilibet. But the Queen has not travelled abroad in recent years and now remains largely at her Berkshire base of Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS:Prince Philip's confession on wedding day to Queen unearthed [ANALYSIS]Queen's heartbreak: Monarch upset as she listens to God Save The Queen [INSIGHT]Camilla Tominey defends Queen's choice to bring Andrew back [VIDEO]  And commentators have speculated over whether Harry and Meghan will return to the UK any time soon to introduce Lilibet to the Queen. Speaking about whether the Queen will ever meet Lilibet, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told The Sun Online earlier this month: "It's increasingly unlikely. "If they don't bring Lili over, then obviously that won't happen. It's all something that's clearly not going to be resolved in the foreseeable future. "And it doesn't seem like they're going to come over."  Many royal fans will be hoping that Harry and Meghan could return to the UK this summer for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations, which would mean the Queen could meet Lilibet for the first time. Members of the Royal Family are invited to attend the event and appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony to wave at the crowds of London. The celebrations would also provide the perfect opportunity for the Sussexes to introduce Lilibet to her grandparents Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. But whether or not the Sussexes will attend the event, and bring their two children Archie and Lilibet with them, currently remains uncertain. 