Peaky Blinders will come to a conclusion on Sunday as the series airs its final episode ahead of an upcoming film created by showrunner Steven Knight. Fans of the BBC show were thrilled to see Alfie Solomons (played by Tom Hardy) return in episode two but have expressed their fury at his absence from the rest of the series. In season six, episode two, Tommy paid Alfie a visit as the Jewish mob leader listened to opera. Tommy commented on his frenemy’s new more reclusive life while Alfie revealed he planned to write an opera of his own. He comically described the music as “fat people shouting” before Tommy offered him a business proposition. He reminded Alfie his uncle Charles had been shot by rival gangsters in Boston. Read more: Emmett J Scanlan age: How old is Peaky Blinders’ Billy Grade star? Tommy then offered to sell opium to the city’s Jewish mob who were released to Alfie. Since this exchange, Alfie hasn’t been seen in the series ahead of the final episode on Sunday. Peaky Blinders were quick to notice the Jewish mobster's absence and took to Twitter to comment. @t_jay3 questioned: “After watching Peaky Blinders S06E03,04,05, I am screaming on top of my lungs, wit' a glock in my hand, "Where da F is Alfie Solomons? I need more of him." #Alfiesolomons #PeakyBlinders.” (sic) “We have got like two seconds of Alfie this season im mad #PeakyBlinders,” @jisooteez wrote. (sic) @actuallyimholly added: “where’s alfie please let’s relieve some tension #PeakyBlinders.” (sic) @lizzihill agreed: “Would’ve preferred six episodes all about Alfie and his opera, to be quite honest. #PeakyBlinders.” “Not enough Alfie Solomons this season #peakyblinders,” @Jay_Hoban_ complained. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders boss talks leaving out Mosley details from series [INTERVIEW]Peaky Blinders theory: Michael Gray's death sealed after Polly clue? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders star details alternative script featuring Polly Gray [INSIGHT] @gloriannet_ tweeted: “Hope they show Alfie in this episode. Can’t just show him in one and not have him in it again tf?? #PeakyBlinders.” Peaky Blinders fans will get the chance to see Alfie at least one more time. The BBC show has confirmed Tom Hardy will reprise his role in the final episode. The summary reads: “1933 brings both opportunities and dangers to the Peaky Blinders. “As the clouds of the coming storm gather, Tommy is beset by demons old and new and must face the consequences of his experiences and his actions to deal with a world on the road to war. “Final episode of the period gangster drama, starring Cillian Murphy, with Tom Hardy reprising his role from the show's second series.” Will Alfie help Tommy defeat Sir Oswald Mosley (Sam Clafin) once and for all or will he watch on as the past finally catches up with the Shelby brother? Peaky Blinders concludes on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.