WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders season six, episode two. The second instalment of Peaky Blinders saw Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) rush his daughter Ruby to the daughter to be checked over after she had a temperature, cough and was saying the Gyspy words “tick mora, o’beng”. While Ruby appeared to be over illness at the start of the episode, it was Tommy who then began to feel sick. Is the head of the Shelby family dying? Here are three clues he won’t survive. In the first instalment of season six, Lizzie (Natasha O’Keeffe) noticed Tommy sounded different when she called to inform him of Ruby’s sickness. “Are you okay Tommy? Your voice, it sounds different,” she asked. The businessman assured his wife he was fine and his change in tone was simply down to the cold. But could Tommy be hiding something? Is the reason he wants to leave the Shelby business behind because he’s growing weaker by the day? READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Just minutes into episode two, Black Shirt, Tommy is seen staggering out of the doctor’s office after Ruby’s check up. As he stepped into the light, he rushed down the steps and leant over a railing before throwing up. He only omitted for a small amount of time but quickly tried to hide how he was feeling when Lizzie appeared. Tommy did however admit to Lizzie he had barely been sleeping and was incredibly exhausted. The evening the Shelby family returned to their home when Ruby is given the all-clear by the doctor, Tommy had a seizure. Lizzie woke from her sleep when she heard a glass smashing on the floor. She grabbed her gun and rushed out to find her husband. Tommy is seen lying completely naked on the bathroom floor convulsing and covered in blood as he hallucinates about his time at war. He can be seen fighting with an enemy soldier in one of the tunnels he had to dig as he continues to have a seizure. DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders: Tommy Shelby's plan to destroy Michael Gray exposed? [LATEST]Peaky Blinders season 6: Alfie's death sealed after Tommy betrayal? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders' Joe Cole on thing BBC role left him unable to do [INSIGHT] Lizzie rushed in to help Tommy and hold him still as she tried to comfort him. Eventually he stops having a fit and Lizzie goes on to pick out the pieces of glass stuck in his skin. As Tommy mutters to his wife about being sober for four years, she tells him: “Tommy, you need to see a doctor.” But Tommy insisted they had to continue until his business in Boston was wrapped up so “then the Peaky Blinders can rest”. Tommy’s health is not referenced again until the episode when Ruby reveals she has been hearing voices from the “grey man” who is “coming for Daddy”. Is the grey man a symbol for death and could it link to the phrase “tickna more, o’beng”? Tommy has never been one to give up everything he was worked hard for so it could be he is in a race against death to stop being a Peaky Blinder, flee the country and start anew with his family in America. Will Tommy manage to succeed or will his enemies, and death, catch up to him? Peaky Blinders continues Sunday on BBC One at 9pm