Tottenham striker Harry Kane has cranked up the pressure on Manchester United even further by threatening to turn the Old Trafford crowd against the home team on Saturday. The England captain knows that a win for Spurs against Ralf Rangnick’s out-of-sorts side could be crucial as the race for the top four Champions League positions hots up. On the back of their own 5-0 romp against Everton, Kane sees their trip to the Theatre of Dreams as a rare “opportunity” after United’s humiliating 4-1 defeat to Manchester City in the derby. “United are still one of the best teams in the league but obviously they have come off a disappointing result at the weekend,” Kane said. “There is always going to be a reaction and a bounce-back from their players and we need to make sure we are ready for that. “But we obviously feel that there is an opportunity for us there because we have had a great result and we could try to use that momentum, especially away from home, against their crowd.” The reverse fixture was United’s 3-0 win at White Hart Lane which earned Spurs manager Nuno Espirito Santo his marching orders. So Kane feels Tottenham owe it to their former manager to make Saturday pay-back time. “They beat us earlier on in the season quite comfortably,” he recalled. “We have got to have all that in our heads, we have got to make sure we go with the right mind-set. “It’s a game we are looking forward to. Old Trafford away is one of the best games you play in the league and you have got to be excited. “You have got to go there and try to be free and put in another good performance.” Antonio Conte is determined for Kane, and Spurs, to treat the trip to Manchester like a cup final in their hunt to qualify for the Champions League. The Italian said: “My expectation is to see on Saturday a great game, not only for Harry but for all the team. “It's right to celebrate but at the same time we have to be focused and from tomorrow we have to start to think Saturday it will be a crucial game for us and I repeat, it's right to celebrate the players that they are doing fantastic things. “But at the same time I want my players to celebrate but don't lose the focus, don't lose our target. “We have 12 games to play and they have to be finals for us. I repeat, now I put this target to my team that we have to try stay until the end very close to the top team and to try and do something important. “To finish in the top four for us it would be like we won the Champions League or Premier League this season.”