Footage posted on Twitter from an eyewitness shows the entire building engulfed in flames. A number of emergency service vehicles are visible in the footage.  Over 100 firefighters are tackling the fire in the West Yorkshire complex, with 20 fire engines in tow. The fire is believed to have begun just before midday on Thursday. West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service said 20 pumps have been brought to the scene. The service confirmed that 100 percent of the building was involved in the fire.  Dalton Mills was previously the largest textile mill in Yorkshire., and employed over 2000 workers at its peak. It is also a high-profile filming location for period drama, including the BBC hit, 'Peaky Blinders'.  It was also chosen as the set for ITV drama, Downton Abbey. Fireteams from across the region have been called to assist with getting the fire under control. READ MORE: Sadiq Khan says London well prepared if Russia launches nuclear attack Footage from the fire shows flames climbing high above the building. Black smoke can be seen billowing across the landscape. The Mills are located on Dalton Lane, Keighley. West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue posted on Twitter that local residents should stay away from the area, and refrain from keeping windows and doors open because of the smoke. DON'T MISS: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin reeling as top General KILLED [LIVE] POLL: Do you think Brexit contributed to the invasion of Ukraine? [VOTE] Meghan and Harry have ‘incinerated' bridges in UK – poll results [INSIGHT] They said: "We are currently in attendance at a fire at Dalton Mills, Keighley. "There is a lot of smoke in the area & residents are advised to keep doors/windows closed. "Please avoid travelling through the area. Updates to follow." The Mills are Grade II listed and date back to 1869.  Artist and sculptor Marcus Levine told the Yorkshire Post: "Drama across from my studio as Dalton Mills, Keighley goes up in smoke. "As I left it got a lot worse with barrels of flames pouring out the windows. It just looked like a bit of smoke for ages. "All that work refurbishing the building has now been destroyed."