Alexander Armstrong and Richard Osman are returning to BBC One tonight for a 1990s TV presenter special of Pointless Celebrities. A mix of former children's television hosts will be competing to win a cash prize for their charity of choice on the instalment. The episode will feature De'Graft Mensah, Shanequa Paris, Pat Sharp, Jayne Middlemiss, Andy Day, Philippa Forrester, Ortis Deley and Rani Price. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the stars are now. Patrick Sharpin, known professionally as Pat Sharp, is best known for his work on the former children's ITV programme Fun House. The popular children's show ran between 1989 and 1999 and Pat presented the programme alongside Melanie and Martina Grant. Pat went on to host several other children's shows on CITV but he has also had an extensive career in radio. Nowadays the 60-year-old DJ presents a radio show on Greatest Hits Radio as well as P8 Pop in Norway. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series The Northumberland-born presenter used to host the hit BBC music show Top of the Pops in the mid-1990s. Before her television career, Jayne worked as a model but she left it behind after a year to become a presenter. Following her successful stint on Top of the Pop and The O-Zone, Jayne became a Loose Women panellist and then appeared in ITV's Celebrity Love Island in 2005. The 51-year-old now lives in London where she often shares updates about her love of yoga on social media and she occasionally covers weekend breakfast on Virgin Radio UK.  Andy is best known for his work on the BBC children's channel CBeebies where he holds the title of the channel's longest-serving presenter. Before his move over to CBeebies in 2007, he hosted the quiz show Cash House for Friendly TV and also worked on The Jump Up tour for Nick Jnr. Andy now fronts his own live band called Andy and the Odd Socks and will be playing at family festivals this year, including the BBC Summer Social. The 40-year-old will be returning to CBeebies for its 20th anniversary special later this year. DON'T MISS...Richard Osman health: Pointless host's 'difficult journey' with addict [LATEST]Richard Osman on closest Pointless has come 'to being taken off air' [UPDATE]Richard Osman guest launches chair across House of Games set [MUST SEE] Philippa has presented a variety of television shows over the years including CBBC, Crufts, The Heaven and Earth Show and Robot Wars. However, the 53-year-old decided to turn her back on working in television in 2002 when she was 32 to start a family away from the limelight in Somerset. Philippa returned to screens in 2013 to present the BBC show Harvest, but two years later she moved to Wyoming, in the US, to support her husband Charlie Hamilton James' work with National Geographic magazine. According to her social media, the former presenter now describes herself as an "author, conservationist and mum".  The 48-year-old used to be the face of Children's BBC Saturday morning flagship series Live & Kicking. He later landed a role as Channel 4's main athletics presenter for live coverage of the IAAF World Athletics Championships but he was sidelined by the channel's bosses in 2012 for apparently "struggling to read scripts". The London-born star went on to present The Gadget Show where he is often seen trying out the latest pieces of tech to Channel 5 viewers. The dad-of-two has also been part of Channel 5’s Police Interceptors team, presenting specials both alone and alongside Rick Edwards. Pointless Celebrities airs on Saturday at 7.45pm on BBC One. 