The face-painted rocker, 72, will always be remembered for being 'the one in with the absurdly long tongue' in his band Kiss – as well as for his voice, of course, which brought us treasures like I Was Made For Lovin’ You. But in contrast to his underworldly look, the star’s health advice has no tolerance for excess and vice. The tee-total star is against drugs and booze which he says lead to you “f***ing around with cancer”.  Simmons, whose bandmate, drummer Eric Carr, died over 20 years ago from heart cancer, said: "You can fill your body with garbage. Put it into your car and see how far your car goes”, he told The Sun in an interview recently. “I don't care if it's a Rolls-Royce, it's going to splutter and die. The more s-t you put into your body the more you're going to be a walking pot of s-t.” Unlike Carr, who suffered in the throes of drug addiction, the demon revealed that he avoids toxifying substances, particularly crack cocaine and alcohol, at all costs. "I don't mean to say I don't love cake or pasta, or things like that, but crack is out of the question.”  READ MORE: Diabetes: High blood sugar damage can cause Charcot's foot  Drugs such as cocaine have a wide variety of health risks, ranging from organ damage to high blood pressure, overdose, withdrawal symptoms, and more. Cocaine, like many other drugs, is broken down in the kidneys and liver. And as it does so it damages both the organs, according to peer reviewed studies. The damage this does means people who use this substance have problems including proteinuria, which is where protein seeps into your urine and can increase the risk of kidney failure. "Drugs don't work, booze don't work, cigarettes - all the people who think you look cool. You're f-g around with cancer. It just doesn't work,” Simmons said.   Although Simmons' advice is packaged bluntly it aligns with research findings recognised by the NHS. According to the body, smoking is the biggest contributor to lung cancer, responsible for more than 70 percent of lung cancer cases in the UK due to its carcinogenic effects. Quitting smoking, according to Cancer Research UK, can prevent 14 other types of cancers caused by the habit, including bowel and liver cancer. Moreover, the NHS states that people who stop smoking by the age of 60 add an extra three years.   Despite his intolerance for drugs, smoking and booze, the singer says he doesn’t want to “go to the extreme of being a vegan and stuff”. “I like some plant based food. I don't mind a real burger once in a while.” A study, published two weeks ago found that there was a spike of deaths from alcohol consumption in the US over Covid. This research mirrors UK figures from Public Health England which found a jump in deaths from alcohol consumption of nearly 19 percent between 2019 and 2020.   There were 8,974 deaths due to alcohol-related issues recorded over 2020, compared with 7,565 deaths in 2019. If you think you are or someone you know is struggling with substance abuse, such as alcohol addiction, there are alcohol addiction services available to help you wane off it. You may want to look into this if you think it is affecting your health. The support available includes self-help groups and rehabilitation clinics which can be found using the NHS’ alcohol addiction support services.  