Waste not, want not. Don’t throw away extra pancake batter just because you don’t fancy any more pancakes! Be clever and use the remains to make something else or save it for another day. Here are the five things to do with leftover pancake mix. Who doesn’t like pancakes? If you’ve indulged on pancake day, you’re definitely a pancake fan. Don’t let extra mix go to waste! You can only store the batter in the fridge for up to two days, but you can freeze it for up to three months. Just make sure you put the mixture in an airtight container or freezer bag - a zip-top bag is your best bet. Squeeze all of the air out of the bag before you seal it. If you’re super organised, you could freeze portioned amounts into pancake-dispensing cones, like the ones you make for icing and piping. Start freezing your batter as usual and once it is starting to freeze, take it out of the freezer and roll it up and pop it in a piping bag. When you want to use it, thaw the bag, cut the corner at the pointy end and squeeze the batter into the pan to cook. READ MORE- Pancake Day: Mary Berry shares simple pancake recipe Did you realise that pancake batter and Yorkshire pudding batter are the exact same? The only difference is how the two different treats are cooked and what they’re served with. To make Yorkshire puddings with your pancake batter, all you need to do is pour it into a hot, oiled pudding tray and stick it in the oven. You’ll get the best results if you add some milk to the batter first though, especially if your batter is very thick. Pancake mixes are the basic ingredients for the coating of deep-fried chicken or fish. Add your favourite spices and herbs first to give the batter the right savoury flavour. Grab whatever it is you want to fry, roll it in the batter and stick it in the deep fat fryer. If you don’t have a fryer at home, just shallow fry it in a frying pan or skillet. DON'T MISS...Yorkshire pudding recipe: The 3 easy steps to the perfect yorkies [INFORMER]Sourdough bread recipe: How to make sourdough in 7 simple steps [INSIGHT]James Martin derails co-star’s segment as he causes kitchen mayhem [EXPLAINER] If you’ve got a sweet tooth, you can transform the pancake mix into another type of dessert. Pancake mix is just plain flour, eggs, milk and oil normally, so you’re not far off the ingredients for a muffin recipe. Add some sugar and milk (and flour if your mixture is quite thin) along with whatever fillings you want such as chocolate chips or dried fruit and you’re good to go. Grease a muffin tray, line with cupcake cases and pour the batter into each cup before fan cooking at around 180C until risen.