Arsenal have been urged to sanction a summer transfer move for struggling Manchester United star Marcus Rashford. The attacker has scored just five goals in all competitions this season, losing his regular starting spot in the process. If Rashford does not find the back of the net at least three times in the final nine games of the season, it will be his worst campaign in front of goal ever. Currently, his lowest scoring season came in his debut campaign, when he hit eight goals in 18 appearances. With United set for a major overhaul in the summer and a new manager to be appointed, doubt has arisen over Rashford's future at Old Trafford. It has been suggested that the 24-year-old may benefit from a move away from the Red Devils in an attempt to rediscover his form. The club linked most with a potential move for Rashford is Arsenal, who will be looking for a new attacker in the summer window. Both Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are set to leave the Emirates Stadium at the end of the season, leaving the Gunners with only Floarin Balogun as a recognised striker in the squad. READ MORE: Arteta must use Manchester City experience to keep Arsenal squad happy As a result, attack will be the priority position for Mikel Arteta's transfer team. And former Liverpool star Danny Murphy believes the Gunners should immediatley look to bring in Rashford to fill the hole left by Lacazette and Nketiah. "If I was Arsenal, I’d love to get Marcus Rashford through the door because he’d add quality to their front line, definitely. Manchester United, we know they’re going to have a new manager, and I would be absolutely gobsmacked if the manager coming in didn’t want to take Rashford and try and work with him because of the ability and talent he’s got," Murphy told talkSPORT. DON'T MISS: Arsenal star Alexandre Lacazette called out in captains meeting (NEWS)Arsenal 'in position to sign Coutinho' but face same problem as Villa (TRANSFERS)Arsenal warned of big Rashford problem which could end interest (INSIGHT) "Arsenal, 100 per cent, if they’ve got a chance, go and get him. He’s shown for many years he’s capable of playing at the top level, international football and for Manchester United. So going to Arsenal is not going to faze him. "He’s a goal threat, and he would add great competition to that forward line because they haven’t got great strength in depth, Arsenal, it’s been one of their problems. With Lacazette and Nketiah both looking like they’re going because they haven’t signed new deals, they’re going to need some bodies through the door."