Chris Tarrant, 75, married Ingrid Tarrant, 67, in 1991, with the marriage ending in 2007 after Chris' publicised affair with a school teacher. In a new column, Ingrid has compared the affair to that of Matt Hancock and Gina Coladangelo, which was heavily publicised after pictures were leaked to a newspaper of the pair kissing amid strict lockdown rules. Steven Bartlett regularly records podcast chats, speaking to big names in society, with his most recent chat being with Matt Hancock. Matt dominated the news last year when snaps emerged of him kissing Gina at work, despite social distancing measures being in place. He stepped down from his role as Secretary of State for Health and Social Care and spoke to Steven about his affair. Ingrid took to her The Sun column to compare the Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? host's affair with Matt's, claiming infidelity is never sparked by love. READ MORE: ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle Ingrid said: "Hancock said: 'I haven’t had casual sex with anybody — I fell in love with somebody.' "Using the loaded word 'love' whiffs of the classic scenario of the guilty party trying to make himself — or herself — feel less guilty. "The reality is that, in most cases, an affair is about having your cake and eating it." Ingrid then spoke about her own experiences when she found out about her husband. "I split from my former husband, the television host Chris Tarrant, 15 years ago after his long-standing affair with a teacher. "I’d had my suspicions. I just thought he had changed, the shape of our marriage had gone wonky. "In the Press he said the affair 'didn’t mean anything' and he still loved me. But it was too late. "It was the lying that shocked me most. I couldn’t live with that and, with the blessing of my children, started divorce proceedings. So our 16-year marriage ended." DON'T MISS... ‘Will miss him’ Julie Andrews breaks silence on ex Tony Walton's death [INSIGHT] Laura Hamilton's apology to A Place In The Sun team over new heartache [COMMENT] Kevin Costner, 67, makes rare appearance with stunning wife Christine [PICTURES] Ingrid used a private investigator to uncover the truth after Chris looked her "dead in the eyes" denying the affair. She admitted that even years later, her former husband still did not "understand what the fuss was about". Ingrid continued: "He reportedly said the affair had left 'no dead bodies' and he 'couldn’t understand why this continues to be news'." Chris had two children from his first marriage to Sheila Robertston, Helen and Jennifer. The pair married in Southend-on-Sea in 1976 and divorced in 1982. He met his second wife Ingrid when they both worked at TV-am, marrying in 1991. The pair lived with their two children, plus Ingrid's two children from a previous marriage. In 2006, the pair announced they were separating after a series of news stories implying an affair. In a statement at the time, Chris said: "I am deeply sorry for the hurt I have caused to my loyal wife and wonderful children, all of whom I adore. "I have only myself to blame for the breakdown of my marriage." Since 2008, Chris has been in a relationship with legal assistant Jane Bird.