The Monarch attended the service at Westminster Abbey held to commemorate the life of Prince Philip, who died last April aged 99. She was accompanied by her son Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, who walked her down the aisle of the abbey to her seat. God Save the Queen was sung at the end of the thanksgiving service. The Monarch looked visibly upset as she listened to the British national anthem. Viewers who tuned into coverage of the ceremony noted that the Queen appeared to become emotional as the anthem was sung. Some people remarked on Twitter that they noticed “tears in her eyes”. One Twitter user said: “Oh no. I don’t think I’ve ever seen The Queen look so emotional as she did just then during God Save the Queen. “She had tears in her eyes. I’m far from a royalist, but that was clearly a widow having a moment of grief.” Another tweeted: “Watching our Queen has just broke my heart. She is so frail but still so dignified. I really hope this isn't the last time we see the Queen in public.” After the ceremony finished, the Queen was escorted by her son the Duke of York out of the abbey via Poets’ Corner. The Queen greeted Gold Award Holder of the Duke of Edinburgh's Award, Doyin Sonibare, and the Dean of Westminster, on her way out. She was later pictured being helped into her car by Andrew. She is thought to have returned to Windsor Castle, now her permanent home. Earlier reports said the Queen was “determined” to attend the ceremony despite mobility issues preventing her from attending a number of other engagements in recent weeks, including the Commonwealth Day service earlier this month. The Palace said the 95-year-old was actively involved in plans for the memorial, with many elements reflecting her wishes. The service was attended by more than 20 close relatives of the Duke of Edinburgh including Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Cambridges who were joined by their young children Prince George, eight, and Charlotte, six. Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, did not attend the service.