Mikhail Fridman has demanded the UK authorities give him an allowance to buy food and take taxis as he currently "has to eat at home". Mr Fridman, who lives in Athlone House on the edge of Hampstead Heath, said he is "practically under house arrest" as a result of the sanctions. The Russian oligarch, who is the founder of Russia's largest private bank, Alfa-Bank, allegedly has a net wealth of £11.9billion. He was also previously director of LetterOne, which owns shares in health food company Holland & Barrett. However, he stood down from the position earlier this month. Mr Fridman, who has lived in London for eight years, was sanctioned by the UK government on March 15. Speaking to Spanish news outlet El Pais, Mr Fridman said: "The authorities in the UK should give me a certain amount so I can go in a taxi and buy food, but it will be a very limited amount in relation to the cost of living in London." "I can’t even pay in a restaurant. "I have to eat at home and I am practically under house arrest. "I’ve been in London for eight years, I’ve invested billions of dollars in Britain and other European countries and the answer to this is that they confiscate everything and throw me out. "The people who have been sanctioned will have to return to Russia, where they will have no choice but to be absolutely loyal, and where they will continue to work, because they are energetic, brilliant and talented people, and they will start businesses and create jobs." READ MORE: EU shamed over 'huge legal gap' allowing oligarchs to live in luxury Mr Fridman had previously criticised Putin's invasion of Ukraine in an email to LetterOne Staff, saying it will "cost lives and damage two nations". He wrote: "I do not make political statements, I am a businessman with responsibilities to my many thousands of employees in Russia and Ukraine. "I am convinced however that war can never be the answer. "This crisis will cost lives and damage two nations who have been brothers for hundreds of years. DON'T MISS: UK deploys 'submarine hunter' aircraft as Putin ramps up sea warfare [INSIGHT] Poland breaks ranks with EU to pull rug from under Putin [REACTION] Putin unleashes hypersonic missiles as Russia backed into corner [REPORT] "While a solution seems frighteningly far off, I can only join those whose fervent desire is for the bloodshed to end. "I’m sure my partners share my view." The UK has slapped individuals, businesses and banks with sanctions in response to Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Last week, UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced 65 further sanctions, including sanctions on Mr Fridman's Alfa-Bank. She said: "These oligarchs, businesses and hired thugs are complicit in the murder of innocent civilians and it is right that they pay the price. "Putin should be under no illusions – we are united with our allies and will keep tightening the screw on the Russian economy to help ensure he fails in Ukraine. There will be no let-up. "All those sanctioned today will have their assets in the UK frozen which means no UK citizen or company can do business with them, and individuals subject to travel bans are also prohibited from travelling to or from the UK. "Today’s sanctions will bring the total global asset value of the banks the UK has sanctioned since the invasion to £500billion and the net worth of the oligarchs and family members in excess of £150billion."