The Countess of Wessex, who is married to the Queen's youngest son Prince Edward, attended the UN Commonwealth celebration held at UN The Yale Club in New York on Monday. The Commonwealth Day is an annual celebration observed by people all over the Commonwealth in Africa, Asia, the Caribbean and Americas, the Pacific and Europe with this year's theme being 'Delivering a Common Future'. The 57-year-old Countess kicked off her four-day whirlwind tour in New York by delivering the keynote speech at the event. She showed off her glamour in a full-length navy gown with a distinct print that appeared to feature rawings of different women's figures. Ahead of her appearance at the event, the Countess joined the United Nations Women and Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security (GIWPS) to “discuss the upholding of the human rights of women and girls in conflict”.  It comes amid the ongoing war in Ukraine where recent estimates indicate that 54 percent of people in need of assistance from the ongoing crisis are women, according to UN Women data. The Royal Family added on Twitter that Sophie will be undertaking engagements “in support of equality in the workplace" with 100 Women in Finance, a global network of professionals in the finance sector working together to empower women at every stage of their careers. While in New York, the Countess also met academically gifted students from across the Commonwealth who were awarded scholarships from the St George Society in the city. She also opened a new office for the 250-year-old charitable society. READ MORE: Prince Charles tipped to visit Cambridges in exciting family visit, Photos from the day of Ms Wessex wearing a fashionable long black leather dress were shared on the Royal Family's official Twitter account. Royal fans were sent into a frenzy over the Countess' royal appearances. One wrote: "What an asset she is the HMTQ - just love this beautiful lady’s soft but steel demeanor and heart of service! Wonderful causes!!" Another commented: "Love this Royal. Down to earth, lovely nature, no falseness." One simply wrote: "I love her." The royal's fans also took to social media to express their admiration for her "stunning" and "elegant" fashion sense. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Do YOU think it's time for Queen to step back and rest? [POLL]Queen 'paces herself' amid hopes she will attend personal event [COMMENT]Kate sparks royal fan frenzy with regal outfit in latest appearance [INSIGHT] One wrote: "HRH looks so amazing in these photos. Love her dress and hair. So beautiful!" Another commented: "HRH looked beautiful today. Loved the leather dress!" Some royal enthusiasts also praised the Countess for her hard work and determination in championing women's rights. Lilybet65 wrote: "Sophie is truly a wonderful woman, the causes she supports around the rights of women & girls in conflict is both deeply meaningful and inspirational. Thank goodness there are women like her in the world. This is ‘Royalty’ at its very best." 