A Saudi Arabia-backed consortium has joined the battle to buy Chelsea from outgoing owner Roman Abramovich, with the total of serious suitors now into double figures. Abramovich has put Chelsea up for sale after 19 years amid backlash and potential sanctions following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Last week, the 55-year-old oligarch revealed his plans to sell the club, with all net proceeds set to be donated towards helping the victims of the war in Ukraine - contributing to urgent care and long-term recovery. The UK government has imposed sanctions on different Russian businesses and oligarchs in response to the nation's attack on Ukraine. And whilst Abramovich stated his sale of the club wouldn't be fast-tracked, he is aiming to accept a bid near his £3billion valuation by March 15. There has unsurprisingly been mass interest in buying the European champions, and the latest party to enter the fold is a consortium led by Saudi Media. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick trusts just two players as alarmed by issue GOAL report the consortium registered their interest through Raine Group, the New York merchant bank Abramovich is using to identify a buyer, on Sunday. The individual backers are currently unknown, but Saudi Media are predominantly associated with the pan-Arab broadcasting market. They are also known for funding sports advertising, branding and media globally and have offices in Dubai, UAE, as well as their HQ in Saudi Arabia. 'Sources with knowledge' claim the Saudi Media-backed group is one of at least 10 serious buyers. READ MORE: Rangnick's view on squad could still save Man Utd from £100m signing The US-Swiss consortium led by Todd Boehly and Hansjorg Wyss is currently thought to be best placed to take over at Stamford Bridge. Turkish tycoon Muhsin Bayrak is another high-profile suitor at the table, but the arrival of a Saudi Arabia-spearheaded group could upset the apple cart. However, following concerns surrounding a Saudi-backed consortium's purchase of Newcastle United last year, the sale of another Premier League club to a 'politically sensitive' party could be a significant hurdle. In October, Amanda Staveley and the Reuben brothers joined forces with the Saudi Public Investment Fund (PIF) to end Mike Ashley's 14-year tenure at St. James' Park. But before the consortium completed the deal, Amnesty International raised Saudi Arabia's human rights record and urged the Premier League to review its criteria for approving takeovers. Whether similar issues would arise again if Saudi Media steal a march on their rivals in the battle to sign Chelsea remains to be seen. Regardless, with plenty of interest prominent, it seems almost certain that Abramovich will no longer own the Blues by the end of March. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.