On April 30, 2019, social media was introduced to Sonic the Hedgehog in the first film's trailer, though fans will recall he looked rather different. With an updated, bizarre and uncanny appearance, social media roasted the first trailer, sending the movie back into post-production in a move that is almost unheard of in Hollywood. After changing the blue bolt to look more accurate to the video games he was adapted from, the movie arrived at the start of 2020 to an electric reception by audiences. Now he is back to business as usual in the highly anticipated sequel. Sonic fans are getting the film a whole week earlier than it was previously announced. It will now drop on April 1 in the UK, exclusively in cinemas. Unlike many other films that had been in production the past two years, it enjoyed a speedy production cycle, avoiding any major delays and setbacks. Filming commenced back in March 2021 and wrapped in June of that year. READ MORE: Spider-Man star Tobey Maguire almost lost role over 'paralysis'  All the main cast of the original film are returning for the sequel, including Ben Schwartz as the voice of Sonic. Jim Carrey is also back, once again starring as the evil Dr Robotnik. Eddie Marsden and Tika Sumpter are also set to make an appearance in the film once more as Tom and Maddie Wachowski. Colleen O’Shaughnessey is the voice of Tails, the new ally of Sonic. She has voiced the character in other media, making her the perfect fit for the film. However, the biggest casting news comes for the new villain, Knuckles. He will be voiced by Marvel and Luther star Idris Elba. The actor first confirmed his involvement on Twitter, posting an image of Knuckles'… knuckles, with the caption “Knock, Knock…”     The sequel will be picking up with many of the plot threads left hanging at the end of the original. After being expelled from Earth, Dr Robotnik has been biding his time for a comeback against Sonic. Meanwhile, Tails meets up with the blue hero to help him just in time. The official synopsis reads: "After settling in Green Hills, Sonic is eager to prove that he has what it takes to be a true hero. His test comes when Dr Robotnik returns with a new partner, Knuckles, in search of a mystical emerald that has the power to destroy civilizations. Sonic teams up with his own sidekick, Tails, and together they embark on a globe-trotting journey to find the emerald before it falls into the wrong hands." This won’t be the last adventure for the team either, as Paramount has already confirmed the development of a third movie. DON'T MISS...James Bond: ‘Foul-mouthed’ Roger Moore and The Spy Who Loved Me set [INSIGHT]Robbie Williams set to conquer US with Hollywood biopic film release [EXPLAINER]Nightmare Alley streaming: How to watch Guillermo del Toro's thriller [INSIGHT] CEO of Sega Corporation, Haruki Satomi, said in a statement: "We are delighted to announce that the third Sonic theatrical film and the first live-action Sonic series for Paramount Plus are being actively developed. We've got a remarkable partnership with Paramount, and we are excited to continue expanding the Sonic the Hedgehog franchise with them." He added: "2022 is shaping up to be a significant year for the franchise with the second film being released this April, as well as Sonic Frontiers, the highly-anticipated video game title, coming this holiday. Sonic has been beloved by fans across the world for over 30 years and we look forward to continuing to bring memorable moments and experiences to them for many years to come." There is no release date set for the third film, but as pre-production on it is already underway, it should be a quick turnaround once again. A 2024 or 2025 premiere is almost certain. Sonic the Hedgehog 2 will premiere in UK cinemas on April 1 