But there is no way of sugaring the pill of the appalling failings at the Shrewsbury and Telford NHS Trust which led to the deaths of more than 200 babies, nine mothers and left other infants with life-changing injuries. The findings of senior midwife Donna Ockenden's report into 20 years of malpractice by the trust's maternity department will bring little comfort to the parents and families of its victims but it confirms that their complaints and fury were fully justified. The way they were ignored is one of the worst examples of institutional arrogance of believing that it is beyond reproach and above questioning.  The fact that this happened to newborn babies and their mothers, the point of life where collectively we are most vulnerable and in need of care, only adds to the horror. It is good news that police are now investigating and that criminal charges may follow. The phrase "justice must be done" is perhaps never more appropriate than this awful case. Shrewsbury and Telford Trust has left a stain on the NHS and undermined confidence in our most important of services. Those responsible for this outrage must be held fully accountable.  ON another grim day in the Ukraine we have been reminded yet again of the duplicity of Vladimir Putin. His government says the words that it will scale down military action while peace talks take place but, of course, the actions are the opposite. Even by the low standards set by the Russian forces so far in this illegal invasion, the bombing of a Red Cross hospital in Mariupol was disgusting. We do not know the full casualty list in that besieged city but the claims by Matilda Bogner, head of the UN human rights mission in the city, that thousands have been killed by the Russian bombardment cannot be far off the mark. Putin is nothing more than a dictator with blood on his hands and as each day passes it is harder to see how anybody can trust what he says or if he will keep his promises. DIETARY experts regularly talk about superfoods but it appears that there is one which can definitely increase our life expectancy.The revelation that eating an avocado cuts the risk of heart disease by a fifth should have us all racing down to our local supermarkets to get a supply in. Whether it is for a salad or with prawn cocktail or even eggs benedict it is a tasty way to stay healthy. 