Tennis fans are furious that Alexander Zverev is yet to be suspended by the ATP nearly two weeks after he was kicked out of the Mexican Open for repeatedly smashing his racket against the umpire’s chair. Zverev lost his cool after suffering a doubles defeat with his partner Marcelo Melo. Tournament directors released a statement in the aftermath of the incident to confirm that Zverev would be banned from the tournament. “Due to unsportsmanlike conduct at the conclusion of his doubles match on Tuesday night, Alexander Zverev has been withdrawn from the tournament in Acapulco,” read the statement. The ATP then fined the world No3 and rescinded his prize money. “Following ATP’s withdrawal of Alexander Zverev from this week’s tournament in Acapulco due to unsportsmanlike conduct, the player has received the following on-site penalties; verbal abuse - 20,000 US dollars, unsportsmanlike conduct - 20,000 US dollars,” the statement read. “This represents the maximum fine per each violation. Zverev also forfeits full prize money of 31,570 US dollars [singles and doubles], as well as all ATP rankings points from the event.” READ MORE: Serena Williams claims she'd 'be in jail' if she raged at umpire like Alexander Zverev did  The ATP also revealed they would launch a “further review of the incident.” But no further sanctions have since been issued. And fans are furious. One tennis enthusiast said that the ATP’s lack of action was “scary.” “It sets a really awful and scary precedent,” wrote @hojbjerfc on Reddit. “The escalation of offenses against umpires with no punishment is leading clearly to an umpire getting seriously injured.” Meanwhile, another supporter has suggested how the ATP should deal with the offence. DON'T MISS Refugee held in Novak Djokovic Australian detention hotel for nine years finally free Novak Djokovic faces battle to win Grand Slams as failed last Marian Vajda split proves Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer comment made as Medvedev ends reign   “Should've gotten three to six months ban,” wrote @King_Wiwuz_IV. And another fan indicated they had lost faith in the ATP’s disciplinary procedures. “I’m at the point where I don’t think he’d have even been punished from the tour if he had actually hit him a few times,” wrote @Fantasnickk. “That fine was a mockery to judges everywhere and it’s clear some players look down at these people. The tour wouldn’t be the same without them and they should be treated as such.” And @redavid penned: “No one expects the ATP to do s*** about anything.”   Zverev was apologetic following the incident as he took to social media after he had been reprimanded. “It is difficult to put into words how much I regret my behaviour during and after the doubles match yesterday,” Zverev said. “I have privately apologised to the chair umpire because my outburst towards him was wrong and unacceptable, and I am only disappointed in myself. “It just should not have happened and there is no excuse. I would also like to apologise to my fans, the tournament, and the sport that I love. “As you know, I leave everything on the court. Yesterday, I left too much. “I am going to take the coming days to reflect - on my actions and how I can ensure that it will not happen again. I am sorry for letting you down.” 