Roman Abramovich is set to embark on the final leg of his trophy-laden Chelsea reign after he confirmed his plans to sell the club on Wednesday evening. The Russian oligarch purchased the Londoners in a £140million deal back in 2003 and has evolved the Blues into one of the powerhouses of European football. During Abramovich's 19-year reign, Chelsea have won 21 trophies under a string of different managers. The Russian gained a reputation for hiring and firing managers at the drop of a hat, with 13 bosses coming through the doors at Stamford Bridge. But it seems Thomas Tuchel will be the last manager to work for Abramovich, who could sell the club as early as next week. With the 55-year-old now on the verge of an exit, Express Sport grades the 13 bosses who have worked under Abramovich. JUST IN: Chelsea may sign Barcelona star if Christensen moves to Nou Camp Claudio Ranieri - C Ranieri was at the helm when Abramovich took charge and finished second to Arsenal's 'Invincibles' after the Blues first summer splurge. Was never likely to last long with Abramovich's desire for a bigger name, but did a commendable job under pressure. Jose Mourinho - A+ Mourinho was the man who well and truly got the Abramovich era motoring at Stamford Bridge. The controversial Portuguese boss won the double in his first season in charge and racked up three Premier League crowns across two stints with the club. Avram Grant - C Grant was tasked with steadying the ship after Mourinho's acrimonious departure mid-season. But he didn't last long after failing to get the Blues over the line in a historic Champions League final. Luiz Felipe Scolari - D Scolari arrived at Stamford Bridge off the back of guiding Brazil to World Cup glory - but he looked miles off the pace in the Premier League. He was given the boot by Abramovich after just seven months with the Blues languishing in fourth spot. Guus Hiddink - C The ultimate interim, Hiddink enjoyed two temporary spells in charge at Stamford Bridge. He steered the Blues to FA Cup glory after Scolari was ruthlessly axed - but his second spell in charge, after Mourinho was sacked for a second time, wasn't quite as fruitful. Carlo Ancelotti - B Ancelotti also clinched a domestic double in his maiden season in the capital after guiding Chelsea to the Premier League title. However, the Italian was harshly axed just 12 months later after a barren campaign. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ Andre Villas-Boas - E Villas-Boas arrived at Stamford Bridge amid rave reviews after a stunning season with Porto, where he clinched four trophies. The inevitable comparisons with Mourinho were made; however, Villas-Boas was sacked after just nine months following an abject run of results. Roberto Di Matteo - C Another interim tasked with steadying the ship, Di Matteo did the unimaginable by finally quenching Abramovich's desire for a European title. That saw the unlikely caretaker handed a full-time deal - but he struggled to follow up on his Champions League glory. Rafa Benitez - C Although Benitez was an unpopular appointment due to his Liverpool links, he steered Chelsea to Europa League glory and a top-four finish. Should be remembered more fondly than he is. Antonio Conte - B Conte also surged to the Premier League title during his first year in charge and followed that up with an FA Cup the following year. That wasn't enough to save him from the sack though after the Blues finished outside of the top-four. Maurizio Sarri - C Sarri was another unpopular appointment. However, he did manage to clinch the Europa League and secure a top-four finish during his 12 months in charge. Frank Lampard - C The Blues turned to Lampard in their hour of need after they were slapped with a transfer ban. The Chelsea icon guided the Londoners to a top-four finish and the FA Cup final - but he was ruthlessly axed after just 18 months at the helm. Thomas Tuchel - B Tuchel was the final appointment made by Abramovich - and he's already achieved more than a host of his predecessors. The German has already guided Chelsea to the Champions League, UEFA Super Cup and Club World Cup during his 13-month tenure.