And the same number struggled with how little control they felt they had in keeping the process moving. Unexpected costs (18 percent), trying to juggle work and staying on top of the process at the same time (22 percent), and not understanding home-buying jargon (15 percent), also added to the home-buyers stress. As a result, 37 percent found buying a home to be one of the most stressful life events they’ve experienced – worse than finding a job (28 percent), planning a wedding (23 percent), and even having a child (18 percent). However, despite the stress, more than one in three (36 percent) said buying a home was still one of the best things they have ever done. Cecilia Mourain, MD Homebuying at Moneybox, which commissioned the research, said: “For far too long, what should be one of the most exciting experiences in adult life, has been a source of anxiety and stress. This does not need to be the case. “An important life goal for so many, we know it can be daunting when trying to prepare for all that the home-buying process entails. “These findings show that more needs to be done to help people understand what to expect throughout, as well as practical measures to support them in navigating their home-buying journey, which can be complex and very time-consuming.” The study found over half (55 percent) said their most recent home purchase was more stressful than they thought it would be. Three in ten encountered unexpected delays in “the chain”, and one in five (21 percent) found the sellers of their new home had left a terrible mess behind. Another 15 percent were gazumped or outbid when they finally found a property they liked enough to make an offer for. When asked about the specific parts of the journey that took longer than expected, 38 percent found the wait to hear when completion day would be particularly agonising and drawn out. And 37 percent were surprised at the amount of time it took solicitors to send the documents for completion. More than a quarter (27 percent) said it took much longer than they thought it would to actually find a property they wanted to buy, viewing an average of six properties before finding “the one”. And the entire process, from putting in an offer, to completing and getting the keys, took an average of 5.2 months. Of those polled, via OnePoll, three in ten found the home-buying process too complicated, and 32 percent revealed that despite being organised, they still found it overwhelming. Nearly a third (32 percent) believed they should have been kept up to speed more during various stages of the process, and one in five would have liked to have had a home-buying expert they could turn to for advice or reassurance. Cecilia Mourain, MD Homebuying at Moneybox – which has compiled a list of tips from recent home-buyers – added: “While mortgage brokers have long existed to help people find the best terms for their loans, that is no longer enough. “We launched our free home-buying service to make buying a home easy, from first step to doorstep, with our Lifetime ISA and tools such as the House Deposit Calculator. “A team of expert mortgage brokers are on hand to provide unbiased advice and support to access the right mortgage for their needs, and a dedicated case manager helps manage all the administrative tasks, from application right through to completion – alleviating the biggest cause of stress for homebuyers.” THE 50 MOST STRESSFUL THINGS ABOUT BUYING A HOUSE: