Alpine chief engineer Alan Permane has revealed that his team have found a solution to the 'porpoising' issue that has been experienced by the vast majority of the Formula One grid over the course of pre-season testing. The likes of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell at Mercedes have struggled to get to grips with the problem, which is a by-product of the ground effect that generates a significant percentage of downforce on the new 2022 cars. 'Porpoising', which results in cars bouncing up and down on long straights, has returned to F1 after a 40-year absence due to the all-new technical regulations in place for the upcoming season.Mercedes were forced to deal with the problem during this week's three-day test in Bahrain after failing to make any significant progress with regards to a solution after last month's shakedown in Barcelona.The Silver Arrows are seemingly behind the likes of Ferrari and Red Bull in terms of outright performance at this stage and will be desperate to put things right ahead of next weekend's season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix.It seems as though Mercedes could benefit from studying Alpine's progress in order to fix the 'porpoising' issue in the wake of Permane's view that it will not be troubling the French outfit when the new campaign finally gets underway."On Saturday, we started to make progress with a setup that allows us to turn 'porpoising' on and off whenever we want," he told AS. JUST IN: Mercedes 'not bluffing' with Hamilton issues despite Red Bull claim "We know why it happens and what stops it. We know when it makes us faster or slower. If you look at other cars, Ferrari still keeps it in some circumstances."We've played with suspension, camber, slipstreams and so on, and we're significantly better. We weren't too worried, the performance was there and we were happy."It remains to be seen whether Mercedes will be able to follow in Alpine's footsteps by solving their 'porpoising' dilemma in order to jump ahead of the competition over the coming weeks.Russell warned after last month's shakedown in Barcelona that it may pose a number of safety issues if Mercedes are unable to fix things in the near future. "I think you can see some quite substantial issues with the cars in the straights with the bottoming," said Russell."So this is a compromise we need to find to go quickest around the lap. It’s something I don’t think any team has experienced before."We’re seeing some interesting things out there. From what I’ve seen of other teams in particular, it would be a safety concern, so that does need to be sorted one way or another."But there’s a lot of intelligent people up and down this grid, and I’m sure everyone will get on top of it sooner rather than later." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Meanwhile, Hamilton recently insisted that Mercedes are still lagging behind in their efforts to deal with the 'porpoising' issue when compared to their Constructors' Championship rivals. "We’re just working through lots of different scenarios, trying to work out how to hold onto the downforce and not have it bouncing as it was in the last test," he said in Bahrain earlier this week. “I think everyone’s probably in a similar boat. Some have managed to get around it in a better way. “But it’s difficult out there. It’s bumpy, it’s slippery, it’s sandy. In the morning it’s way too hot and in the afternoon it’s gusty."