Arsenal's lack of a "special" individual could end up costing them Champions League qualification this season, according to Jamie Carragher. Liverpool legend Carragher claims Arsenal are a better team than Tottenham and Manchester United but lack a star man that both those sides have. The Gunners' 2-0 defeat to Liverpool on Wednesday still leaves them in fourth place in the table. They are a point clear of Manchester United with two games in hand, and three clear of Spurs having played one fewer match. Carragher assessed Arsenal's top four chances following the loss to Liverpool on Wednesday. The Sky Sports pundit still thinks Arsenal will just about finish in fourth spot. However, he says Cristiano Ronaldo at Manchester United and Harry Kane at Tottenham could provide the difference for each of those sides. Ronaldo scored a hat-trick in the win over Spurs at the weekend and Kane has seven goals in his last six league outings. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign  Carragher said: "The fight for Arsenal is to get into the top four. Forget Chelsea, Liverpool and Man City. "The results have been poor against them. It doesn't matter what your results are like against certain teams - it's how many points you get [at the end of the season]. "And they're in a fight with Tottenham, and they're in a fight with West Ham, and Manchester United. The difference tonight when I watch Arsenal is I think Arsenal are a better team than United and Tottenham but they've got individuals who can do special things, like Harry Kane and [Heung-min] Son, or Ronaldo. "That's probably what they lacked tonight. [Martin] Odegaard gets that chance, Harry Kane probably puts that in or Ronaldo puts that in. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed [TRANSFERS]Liverpool owners FSG should be commended for Mo Salah contract stance [OPINION]Man Utd ‘make another transfer approach’ as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]  "But I think the team he's set up, the togetherness, the way they play, it looks like a proper team. A well-coached team and I think they'll just do it." Speaking in his post-match press conference, Arteta admitted the ruthlessness from Liverpool was what separated the teams at the Emirates. He said: "It was the difference today. "I don’t think there was any other difference apart from that. I think we have closed that gap a lot, but it wasn’t enough because when we went through that door and they went through that door, they scored two goals. "I’m not happy with the goals that we conceded, but it’s part of the game and when you have those chances you have to take them to get something out of it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here