The 72-year-old actress shot to fame after her film debut in Julia in 1977. From there she received her first Oscar nomination for The Deer Hunter, but it was not until 1979 when she won her first Academy Award. Having enjoyed a successful career spanning over four decades, in 2015 Streep teamed up with filmmakers to narrate a film which focused on women in Sierra Leone and Malawi, who suffer from obstetric fistula - a hole or abnormal opening in the birth canal that results in chronic leakage of urine or faeces. “This powerful film attests to the igniting power of one woman, Ann Gloag, to set in motion hundreds of helping hands, doctors, nurses, caregivers, family and friends, to resuscitate the health and status of victims of fistula, and to give them back their lives,” Streep said at the time. The filmmakers noted that an estimated two million women in Africa live with obstetric fistula, and more than 500,000 women die each year during pregnancy or childbirth, though 80 percent of these deaths are completely avoidable. Speaking in the film, Streep is heard saying: “These women are in dire need of medical care, facing an insurmountable number of life-threatening conditions from malnutrition to drug abuse and polluted water." Doctor Jeff Wilkinson, a senior surgeon at the Malawi Freedom from Fistula Foundation explained more about the serious condition whilst featuring in the film.  READ MORE: Statins side effects: Cholesterol drug may cause hepatitis – symptoms to spot  The World Health Organisation (WHO) explains that the condition is largely preventable by: Doctor Jeff added: “In 80 percent of our patients we know exactly what to do. There is no mystery to it. “All you need is some decent anaesthesia, a table that tilts back, some scissors and a couple of other instruments for the procedure and you can cure that patient.” Scottish nurse and founder of Freedom From Fistula Foundation Ann Gloag, also spoke in the film, revealing more about the devastating impact fistula can have on these women’s lives.  She added: “We have women who have had a fistula for 40 years. I mean that is tragic. Their whole life has just been a misery.” The Mayo Clinic explains that as well as dealing with significant problems with continence and hygiene, other symptoms of a fistula include: The condition may cause emotional distress and physical discomfort, which can impact self-esteem and intimacy. If able to seek medical attention, doctors will be able to conduct multiple tests and provide effective treatment.  Treatment can depend on the cause, size, location and effect of the fistula on surrounding tissue, but in most cases surgery is used to close or repair the area. Surgical options include: As well as surgery, The Mayo Clinic explains that patients are advised to ensure good hygiene to help ease discomfort while they recover. These hygiene measures include avoiding irritants, drying thoroughly, applying creams or powder to act as a moisture-barrier, wearing loose clothing and washing with water only. 