Teddy Altman (played by Kim Raver) and Owen Hunt (Kevin McKidd) could split up yet again following the explosive events of last week’s midseason premiere of Grey’s Anatomy. After a run-in with ABC’s favourite first responders at Station 19, Owen will have more than his injuries to deal with once he recovers from the horrific SUV crash which left Grey Sloan Memorial reeling. Grey’s star Kevin has revealed some difficult conversations will be had between Teddy and Owen in the coming episodes of ABC’s medical hit. In the ninth episode of the new season, No Time to Die, Owen’s fate is revealed after rolling down a ravine trapped in an SUV. Thankfully, the chief of surgery made it out alive, albeit with some severe leg and spinal injuries. While he still has a long road to recovery, the breakdown of his relationship with Teddy, whom he finally proposed to in the previous season, will be a much tougher pill to swallow. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Owen’s colleagues were relieved to see him escape the wreckage with his life, but his decision to secretly aid veterans in physician-assisted deaths has put him at odds with some of the staff. Paediatrician Cormac Hayes (Richard Flood) even decided to hand in his resignation, though fans are still waiting to see how Teddy will react once the truth comes out. Speaking to Deadline about his role going forward, Kevin confirmed both the crash and his morally contentious practices will put a strain on their marriage. He explained: “This brings out a lot of stuff between Owen and Teddy as recovery is frustrating for him.” “He just wants to get back to work, he wants to get to doing good medicine, to help the veterans, continue that project he feels very passionate about.” Over the coming weeks, viewers could be about to see a very different side of Owen as he grows increasingly frustrated during his lengthy recovery period. To make matters worse for him, it sounds like his plans to help terminally ill soldiers end their lives could hit a roadblock once Teddy finds out. “He gets impatient, and also there is a big debate between Teddy and Owen as things go forward,” Kevin continued. DON'T MISS:Outlander: Bree star Sophie Skelton shares embarrassing nickname [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: Deadly weapon leaves team’s life in danger [SPOILERS]Manifest season 4: Major death confirmed by showrunner clue [THEORY] “As the truth about what Owen has been doing comes out, Teddy has a lot of feelings about that so there is a lot of emotional fallout from this crash but also the work he has been doing with these terminally ill veterans. “This is going to cause a lot of emotional fallout in the second half of the season. It’s very intense.” Fans were gripped by what seemed like the culmination of Owen and Teddy’s drawn-out romance towards the end of the 17th season of Grey's. Their original wedding plans were on the rocks after Owen discovered Teddy had been cheating on him with Tom Koracick (Greg Germann) thanks to an unfortunate voicemail. The pair overcame their issues and began seeing each other again last season, but could they be about to split for good after just a year of being married? Kevin has been keeping his lips sealed for fear of spoilers recently, but he also suggested there could be some more teases for the rest of the season on his social media soon. He added: “I just thought, I’m going to spoil something, so I have been very away, and I think it helped create that mystery. “Once the episode airs, I will be back online more. A lot of people have been asking me, I’ve been itching to tell them but couldn’t.” Hopefully, more details on Owen and Teddy’s relationship will be revealed soon, but, for now, fans will just have to wait until later this week to find out more. Grey’s Anatomy season 18 continues Thursdays on ABC in the USA. Stream seasons 1-16 on Disney+ in the UK.