The most likely scenario is the continuation for some time of what Vladimir Putin no doubt calls a civil war since, against all agreements and undertakings over its independence, he regards Ukraine as part of the Russian empire. It is clear that the Ukrainians are a proud, determined and brave people with the sympathetic support of the vast majority of the world’s countries. Already they have exposed the limitations of Putin’s armed forces, even though Putin had clearly been planning the invasion probably for years. And the longer it takes to subdue the Ukrainians the more frustrated he will become. That will make him a very dangerous dictator indeed. He already regards Western sanctions as a declaration of war and, whether out of bravado or to intimidate, has ordered his nuclear weapons ready for use. A West-enforced no-fly zone could trigger a ruinous escalation. His nuclear alert suggests he is less stable and more irresponsible than we thought. It poses a very serious question for all Russians: are they, thanks to a mad leader, going to be tarred with wrecking civilization? The message may have reached a section of the Russian people who have had the guts to protest about the invasion. Certainly, the longer the invasion goes on the more the ordinary people, thanks to not entirely suppressible modern communications and mobile phones, will learn of their current state as pariahs of the world. Perhaps – hopefully – Putin will discover that even brutal and repressive dictators cannot kid the people all the time. But whether that will bring about his demise is another matter such is his repression. Maybe the best hope is a military coup if his campaign continues to advertise Russia’s military limitations or he looks like pressing the nuclear button. All of them in the Kremlin cannot surely be as deranged as their leader. What is certain is that the Russian economy is in for a tremendous battering from Western sanctions which are already afflicting the people. The longer he perseveres with his adventure the weaker Russia will become even though it is redirecting its gas to China. Peking has, of course, offered to arbitrate but the best that seems likely to offer is what Putin wants – for now – a neutral Ukraine shorn of the Crimea and Donetsk and Luhansk. The sort of settlement suggested to Putin by the French president, Emmanuel Macron, without prior discussion with Kyiv. Meanwhile, Putin’s oligarchs, their lifestyle and fortunes imperilled by Western sanctions, seek a safe haven for their yachts. Shanghai? At least for now it does not look as if his fellow plunderers are of a mood to get rid of him. I would hesitate to say this to any Ukrainian, but the truth is that something good has already come of the rape of their country. It has shaken the West out of its self-neglect in the belief, contrary to all the evidence of the past 20 years of Putin, that peaceful co-existence would prevail. Together with the dawning that China is on the march, we have at last realised that we face Cold War II, currently warmer and more dangerously uncertain than the 1945-90 version. Like all troubles, they do not come singly. We now find ourselves having to repair our defence forces after a two-year pandemic originating in China has wrecked out finances. It may be that Putin has at last re-united and re-vivified the West but the bill has yet to come in. It will not be cheap and it cannot but impact upon our pockets. But the awful truth is that if we value our democratic freedoms we shall have to put up with the cost. It will be easier to bear for most people if the weak and vulnerable are protected to some degree. It will also help to maintain a national unity of purpose if the well off, our captains of industry and tycoons behave for once with restraint. Nothing is more galling to the ordinary worker than to see them running off with bonuses and perks worth millions on top of vast salaries. They can afford to avoid giving Jeremy Corbyn’s Militants in the trade union movement justification for disruption. In this context I find it inexplicable that most MPs seem likely to accept a £2,200 pay increase. And to think we elected them for their judgment! I suspect Lady Petulengro sees two things prevailing: the Ukrainian people and Western acceptance that the world is now a different and more dangerous place than the vast majority of people born since the 1930s have ever known. A bleak but I fear realistic assessment of where we stand.