Statins are taken by millions of Britons each day to curb the risk of cardiac events. In fact, estimates say statins can lower the risk of heart attack by 20 percent among all age groups. But adverse side effects remain a deterrent for many. Two complications in the eyes may be more commonly associated with Atorvastatin, according to a study. Statins are a group of drugs aimed at lowering levels of “bad” cholesterol and reducing fatty buildup in the arteries. They have become one of the most widely prescribed medications in the UK, helping reduce heart attack and stroke rates. But reports suggest side effects, such as muscle pain, headaches and drowsiness, may be rife with the drug. Occasionally, adverse events have involved eye disorders, with early research suggesting this could be caused by muscle disorders in the eyes. READ MORE: Statins side effects: Wake up feeling tired? A 'common' side effect is lack of energy One study, published in the International Journal of Clinical Pharmacy, highlighted two ocular complications in patients receiving the treatment. The objective of the study was to determine the association between statin treatment and various ocular adverse events, including visual impairment, visual field defects, reduced visual acuity, myopia and blurred vision. The analysis showed that the most highly reported ocular adverse events were blurred vision (48.4 percent) and visual impairment (25.7 percent). The authors of the report concluded: “All statins were associated with ocular side effects, with atorvastatin showing a higher incidence of ocular side effects in conjunction with muscle and liver problems." Atorvastatin, which is one of the most commonly prescribed statins, is widely associated with side effects such as headaches, feeling sick, diarrhoea, and cold-like symptoms. Elsewhere in the paper, the team noted: “Results from logistic regression indicated that the ocular problems formed a greater proportion of the adverse events for subjects taking atorvastatin.” It comes as a group of health experts have set out to recommend ways to improve adherence to the potentially life-saving drug. Writing in the journal Cachexia, Carcopenia and Muscle, a team of scientists recently pointed out: “There is an enormous worldwide problem with diagnosing statin intolerance correctly. “In addition, we know that most diagnosed statin side effects should not, intact, be attributed to statin therapy. “As much as 70 percent of symptoms may be due to a psychological phenomenon, called the nocebo and drucebo effect.” The association between statins and the nocebo effect first came to light after reports suggested up to 90 percent of adverse events may be imagined. Unlike the "positive" placebo effect, the nocebo effect occurs when someone has a negative experience of a drug based on a negative expectation.