Billy Idol, 66, is fighting against a deadly medical condition, known as the MRSA super bug. The star has called for help from his fans, urging them to stay positive throughout the next few weeks as he gets on the road to recovery. The star took to Twitter to update fans on his health. Billy revealed that his sinus infection will be cleared in the following two weeks. In February, the singer was forced to back out of his upcoming tour alongside rock band Journey due to the infection. Billy, whose real name is William Michael Albert Broad, tweeted on Sunday, and asked fans for their support and positivity. READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint He told fans that he had undergone further procedures on his sinuses and would now need to have the IV treatment. “Had further sinus procedure but now need to have the IV treatment as MRSA I have is resistant to oral antibiotics.. “Lets see if this works.. probably will.. think positive,” he wrote. The procedure did appear to have worked, as Billy didn’t need to have the IV. In a subsequent post in view of his 275,200 followers today, the musician explained he was able to have other oral medications. The rock star wrote that he had two more weeks to go in his antibiotic course. He said: “Medical update correction: “I have to take a further 2 types of antibiotics to beat this MRSA sinus infection no intravenous just by mouth. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] “2 more weeks to go yuk! Still I should b ok after this…” Billy has had the illness since December 2021, with his sinus procedures beginning in February. Doctors removed the blood clots and infections from his sinuses three weeks ago. At the time, he had told fans that he had an MSRA infection which is resistant to most antibiotics. MSRA, which is short for Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, is caused by a staph bacteria. In early February, Billy announced the cancellation of his performances on Twitter. “(The illness) has worsened to the point where I have no choice but to have a procedure which I expect will put me on a path to recovery very soon,” he explained. “The last thing I ever want to do is cancel shows and I am absolutely gutted that I won't be able to perform with Journey as planned.”