Strictly Come Dancing pro Karen Hauer has revealed the gruelling schedule behind the hugely successful BBC One show. She described being “constantly in pain” with not a lot of time to recover between rehearsals and live shows. Speaking about the “physical demands” of Strictly, Karen explained that people did not always see the demanding nature of the programme. She made the candid admission during a chat with journalist and endurance athlete Louise Minchin on the Push Your Peak podcast. Karen said: “You know, one of the things I guess that some people usually do when they watch us dancing, and they’re like, ‘Oh, my God. It’s so beautiful, they look so lovely. You must really love what you do and it looks so easy and enjoyable’. “And yes, it is all of that, behind the scenes, underneath it all, when the lights go out when you’re in the background when you’re in the rehearsal rooms… it’s one of the toughest things I put my body through, the toughest thing that I put other people’s body’s through, as well. READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz “So, for myself, for example in Strictly time - or even if I’m on tour or anything like that - I don’t really have days off when we’re on Strictly. “You work seven days a week and your brain never stops. You’re constantly thinking… “So not only is it mentally demanding - physically demanding as well. Both of them go hand in hand. “I’m constantly in pain, I’m not going to lie. I’m fit and muscular but most of the time I was exhausted. “I’m exhausted, I don’t have a lot of time to recover.” Karen also explained how female dancers had the added pressure of having to “control” their male dance partners. She said: “There are sore muscles, things that happen, and also dancing with someone who has never danced before, teaching them, doing the repetition over and over again - especially if you’re a female. “As a female, you have to control the male that you’re dancing with - your celebrity. READ MORE...Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT]Phil Collins, 71, sits during Genesis gig amid 'frail' appearance [LATEST]‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [NEWS] “Also you have to drag them, you have to teach them, you have to place them in the position, you had to hold their frame, you have to push them in and out of things. “So, on our bodies, it’s even tougher. It is intense, the amount of work and the amount of trauma that happened so your muscles. And you have zero time to rest because there is no time to rest.” Karen was forced to pull out of the Strictly 2021 tour and take a break from rehearsals following a knee injury. Speaking to Lorraine Kelly on her eponymous chat show, the choreographer said taking time off was "mentally tough”. "I had a little bit of an injury but I took eight weeks off recovering," the Latin dance specialist replied. "I bet that was hard for you," Lorraine commented. Karen added: "It was very tough, but it was more tough mentally because we're so used to being active and doing stuff. "And this time I had to really hone in and rest. I had to actually sit back and go 'It's better for me, just take some time.'"