BBC favourite Jay Blades, 52, noticed a guest on The Repair Shop was starting to tear up as she explained she was "overwhelmed" by the restoration of her item. While she looked very shocked, Jay made sure she was okay as he comforted her. The popular restoration programme is known for its tear-jerking moments, but the presenter seemed taken aback by the speechless guest. Becky appeared on the programme with a beloved family heirloom - a grandfather clock. "My great-grandfather made it," she explained as she dropped the aged item off to be fixed up by Jay and his team. "He was a watch and clockmaker," she added. Horologist Steve Fletcher replied: "That's so good to have a clock that's been kept in the family for all that time." READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? Becky told Steve and Jay that the clock had been in the backdrop of all the photos taken during every significant moment in her life. "I'm getting married next year," she continued. "It just seems like it would be a shame not to have a big white dress and the clock." She told the restorers the current state of the clocks made her "really sad". "My great-grandfather would not have left it in this state," she explained. Jay promised the treasured item was in safe hands with Steve and later, Becky returned to collect the clock to take it back home with her. This time, she brought along her fiance, Richard, who was exciting to see the restored item. "He's here to hold me up when I faint," Becky joked, although she did seem concerned. Steve had worked hard ensuring all the features of the clock remained while making sure it could return to working condition. DON'T MISS... EastEnders exit for Jean as Stacey shares concern for mum's health? [SPOILER]Holding writer Graham Norton details big change in series [EXCLSUIVE]Kate Garraway opens on decision to document Derek's journey [LATEST] "I'm really excited but really nervous," Becky told Jay and Steve. As Steve revealed the clock, Becky immediately placed a hand to her mouth and became tearful. She stated: "That's incredible," while Steve showed her how he had managed to get it working. Speechless, Becky watched on as a concerned Jay asked: "Are you okay, Becky?" "Yeah," she replied, adding: "It means a lot because my great-grandad made it and I feel like I had let him down a bit." Wiping away tears, she went on: "It's amazing." Jay explained: "We've had the whole team working on this." "Thank you so much, that's incredible," Becky answered, addressing all the restorers. She later told the camera: "I'm completely overwhelmed. That was incredible, it makes me feel really proud, really happy and I'm just really grateful." The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.