From March 25, drivers will be hit with a £200 fine and six penalty points for using a hand-held device like a mobile phone for “interactive communication”. This includes checking notifications, texting, making a phone call, taking a picture or video or using the internet. Since 2003, it’s been an offence to use a hand-held mobile phone or similar hand-held device while driving in Great Britain. Using the device does not need to lead to an accident for the offence to be committed. An offender would lose their licence after two offences or, for new drivers who have held a licence for less than two years, a single offence would lead to their licence being revoked. The House of Commons Library published an overview of the driving law which outlined what the new driving law will entail. READ MORE: War in Ukraine halts car production due to vital parts The Government has stated that a specific reason will allow drivers to use their phone when driving and not be punished under the restrictions. Currently, drivers can use their phone while driving if there is an emergency. Drivers will be permitted to hold and use a device while driving to make a contactless payment at a payment terminal for goods or services. The vehicle would have to be stationary, and the item being paid for must be provided at the same time or after the contactless payment is made. DON'T MISSThousands of classic cars to become tax-exempt [IMPORTANT]Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered [INSIGHT]UK drivers favour EVs as two-thirds look to ditch petrol and diesel [REVEALED] An example of this would be paying for a car park or when paying for a coffee at a drive-through using a phone. A mobile phone may still be used for navigation, as long as it’s kept in a cradle and not in the driver’s hand. The Government said it would update its website and the Highway Code to reduce any misunderstandings about the law. It said it would particularly focus on the difference between hand-held and hands-free. The decision has been met with overwhelming support, with the RAC “strongly welcoming” the law change. They did acknowledge that it must be enforced properly to really make roads safer. The Transport Research Laboratory said the law changes are sensible, but more education is needed for drivers to understand the new rules. Shaun Helman, Chief Scientist at the TRL, said: “The focus on ‘hand-held’ devices misses the point. “Drivers’ eyes and minds must be on the road and it is not enough to only ensure that their hands are on the steering wheel. “As a society, we must be braver in what we demand from drivers, from policy and from design in road safety. “We must ask whether we are happy for people to be driving below their optimum performance level, and if so, how far below? “In short, how safe is safe enough?"