Liverpool have received a massive boost after Trent Alexander-Arnold returned to training on Wednesday. Jurgen Klopp had first feared the right-back's hamstring injury could result in a lengthy layoff amid doubts over whether he would recover in time for the Reds' crucial clash with Manchester City.  Alexander-Arnold has been an integral member of Liverpool's trophy charge on all four fronts this season, contributing a whopping 17 assists and chipping in with two goals across all competitions. However, the 23-year-old gave Klopp a scare when he picked up a hamstring injury in Liverpool's 2-0 triumph over Arsenal on March 16. The right-back then missed the Reds' 1-0 FA Cup success over Nottingham Forest and was forced to withdraw from the England squad for their recent friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast. According to The Athletic, it was first feared Liverpool's potentially title-deciding encounter with City on April 10 may come too soon, however, that may not be the case. Having undertaken some recovery work in Dubai at their world-renowned Nad Al Sheba Sports Complex during the international break, Alexander-Arnold has returned to Liverpool and resumed training. The full-back reported to the Reds' AXA Training Centre for individual work on Monday, before rejoining full training on Wednesday. READ MORE: O'Hara names five reasons why players would rather sign for Tottenham than Arsenal  While his return will certainly provide Klopp with a significant boost, the German will understandably take a cautious approach to Alexander-Arnold's eagerly-anticipated comeback. The Athletic reported on Thursday that the England star was continuing his individual rehabilitation programme at Kirkby and he will be steadily reintegrated into elements of first-team training. It remains unlikely Alexander-Arnold will feature in Liverpool's home clash with relegation strugglers Watford on Saturday, and he is also expected to miss the Reds' Champions League quarter-final first leg against Benfica in Lisbon next Tuesday. However, given his recovery appears to be ahead of schedule, Alexander-Arnold looks increasingly likely to travel with Liverpool for their vital trip to the Etihad to take on City. DON'T MISSChelsea injury latest: Five stars fit to face Brentford in welcome Tuchel boost [NEWS]Bayern told to take 'revenge' on Granovskaia by 'helping themselves' to Havertz[TRANSFERS]Premier League rule change would cause further issues for Man Utd, Tottenham and Arsenal [NEWS]  Klopp's side were 13 points adrift of Premier League table-toppers back in mid-January, but a run of nine successive wins, coupled with some City slip-ups, has seen that gap closed to a mere point. The trip to the Etihad is one of at least eight matches Liverpool are set to play during a hectic April schedule. The Reds face City again on April 16 at Wembley in their FA Cup semi-final in addition two meetings with Benfica in the Champions League. Klopp's side are also set to welcome Everton and Manchester United to Anfield before the month is up.  