Prince William was overheard using a sweet monicker for his daughter during a family engagement. The Duke of Cambridge stepped out with his three children - Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis - in May 2019 to show support to his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. At the time, the Duchess took part in the Royal Chelsea Flower by showcasing a concept garden she created with the help of experts. The three little Cambridges were photographed playing around Kate's garden, where they went on swings, climbed trees and stepped into a small river. During the family visit, Prince William also took part in the playful activities and was heard calling out to Charlotte to ask her to give him a push on the swing. However, instead of calling his daughter by name, he was heard saying "Mignonette". Follow our royal liveblog for updates on the Royal Family The adorable nickname is a French word, which translates roughly to "little sweet". Kate has never been heard in public using this nickname to call the six-year-old. However, one royal fan revealed the Duchess has another monicker for her adored middle child. Laura-Anne and her son Bertie met Kate during a royal visit to Northern Ireland in 2019. READ MORE: Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason After exchanging a few words with the Duchess, the mum took to Instagram to recall her conversation with the royal. She wrote: "She asked how old Bertie is, and I said he is four and she said, 'Oh, he's the same age as Lottie.' She calls her Lottie". Princess Charlotte is also believed to be adopting a different name when she is at her school, Thomas's Battersea. The six-year-old reportedly drops her title and is simply known in class as Charlotte Cambridge. Similarly, her elder brother Prince George is called George Cambridge. The third-in-line to the throne is also believed to have been given a few adorable nicknames over the past years. One is reportedly PG, which comes from a shortened version of his name and title. A second, even more adorable, moniker for George, is believed to be PG Tips, in a nod to the tea brand.  Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis are currently spending time away from their parents, as the Duke and Duchess are touring three Caribbean nations. The children are likely being looked after by the Cambridges' trusted nanny, Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo. But they may also be in the care of Kate's beloved parents, Michael and Carole Middleton. Kate and Prince William mentioned a few times their children during their ongoing trip.  During a reception held in Belize, the Duke said his son George keeps track of his parents' journeys around the world by locating the countries they visit on a map and pinning them down. On the other hand, the Duchess mentioned her children while visiting a cocoa farm. As she was offered freshly-made chocolate, Kate admitted her children would be "jealous" of her trip. 