Zekarias Haile, who lives a five-minute drive from Manchester Airport, said he waited four days for the owner of the grey car to return and pick it up. The 51-year-old man woke to find it abandoned on his driveway on Thursday and he suspects the cheeky owner has jetted off for a holiday from the nearby Jet2.com and Ryanair hub. The father-of-two, who lives in Wythenshawe, Manchester, said: "Someone, without my permission, had put the car there and they didn’t care. "I just went out and it was there. Then it was there Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. On Monday morning when we woke up it was gone. "I was very angry but I resisted doing anything to the car - just. I definitely didn’t feel alright about it. We couldn’t access our garden and we couldn’t take out our bins." Zekarias, a lecturer in Engineering at a college, called the police but was told it was not a criminal offence and there was nothing they could do. They said Zekarias' car, parked on the road, wasn't being blocked in so their hands were tied.  But speaking to Manchester Evening News, Zekarias said he has now become aware of rogue parking companies operating in the area. He continued: "A lady who was out the front when it was left told me the driver was wearing a high-viz jacket so I do believe it was one of those companies. My worry now is that, because I couldn’t do anything about it, it will happen again. "There are rogue parking firms who claim they are meet and greet and they just park in our area. It’s a violation of my private property." The dad, who has lived in Wythenshawe for 14 years, said he would never rent out his driveaway, even if asked. But parking around most large UK airports has been a controversial subject. Official parking at Manchester Airport, for instance, was slammed earlier this year by a grandfather who had to fork out £20 to use a spot for just two hours. A spokesman for the airport said: "As well as our own wide range of products, there are many reputable operators that serve Manchester Airport. We categorically do not condone the practices of rogue operators, including those that falsely imply customers’ cars will be parked in secure locations and whose activities blight surrounding communities. "We have worked closely with council trading standards teams and Greater Manchester Police over many years to combat this, and speak regularly with local councillors and residents about their concerns. "As passenger numbers continue to increase in the wake of the pandemic we will maintain our position on this, working closely with Manchester City Council and Greater Manchester Police."   As Express.co.uk revealed earlier this month, the Highway Code states motorists should not stop or park, and includes "in front of an entrance to a property" - but it is not illegal. A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police confirmed the matter was not a criminal offence but that the homeowners could approach the council and take civil action. Manchester City Council has been approached for comment.