Manchester United's hopes of appointing a new manager have reportedly been dealt a triple blow. The Red Devils are believed to be keen to elect a new man to take the Old Trafford reins before the end of the season, but three factors are said to causing concerns amongst United's key candidates.  Paris Saint-Germain's Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax boss Erik ten Hag are the two frontrunners in the frame for the United job come the summer when Ralf Rangnick's interim deal expires. The German will then move into a consultancy role as the club finally appoint a long-term successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who was sacked back in November. United are believed to be conducting an extensive search for their next manager which will see them consider a number of candidates. However, according to ESPN, there are three key factors which are hampering United's process of determining their next managerial appointment. JUST IN: Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich backed by Nigel Farage in obscene rant  Some of United's managerial candidates reportedly harbour fears over the club's poor run of recent results and the prospect of the Red Devils missing out on Champions League football next season. In addition, ongoing doubts over the futures of senior players as well as reports of unrest within the squad are also proving to be potential deterrents for those said to be linked. United endured a humiliating 4-1 defeat to fierce rivals Manchester City last weekend, leaving them fifth and adrift in the race for a top-four finish. That loss, coupled with Arsenal's 3-2 triumph over Watford, means that Rangnick's men are a point behind the Gunners, despite having played three matches more. DON'T MISS In addition to running the risk of missing out on a Champions League qualification spot next campaign, the futures of several of United's squad remain up in the air. The contracts of both Paul Pogba and Jesse Lingard remain unaddressed and the pair appear set to depart Old Trafford for free come the summer. In addition, a further nine first-team players will see their deals expire in 2023, with the reportedly unhappy Marcus Rashford among them. It has emerged this week that the 24-year-old is said to be 'seriously considering a transfer' away from his boyhood club having grown increasingly frustrated at a lack of game-time this season.  Cristiano Ronaldo is another whose future is shrouded in uncertainty. The Portuguese superstar made a sensational return to Old Trafford last summer, 12 years after departing for Real Madrid, but is reportedly yet to make a decision on whether he will remain at the club beyond this summer. It is believed United hope to address their ongoing managerial situation before the end of this campaign in order to allow the new man in charge to play a part in this summer's recruitment of players. United will be hoping to allay some of those candidate fears over the coming weeks, with Rangnick's side aiming to return to winning ways when they welcome Tottenham to Old Trafford on Saturday.  