Pat Cunningham, 67, feared the baby was going to be killed as the dogs surrounded them - before "snarling and jumping up". They were only saved after a stranger stopped to intervene. Ms Cunningham told the Liverpool Echo she and her one-year-old granddaughter, Ellen, were walking on a field when the dogs came "bombing over off the lead".   The incident occurred in Windmill Hill, Runcorn, Cheshire, at around 2pm last Thursday. The grandmother reported the owner of the dogs was shouting for them to come back. Ms Cunningham added that the dogs weren’t restrained on their leads and were "circling" her. The dogs were described as barking and “snarling and jumping up”, while her granddaughter was “screaming hysterically". READ MORE: Tiny puppy who couldn't use back legs dumped in rucksack in woods   She said the owner struggled to take control of the dogs. Ms Cunningham said she was “petrified”. It was only when a car pulled up and the owner beeped their horn and scared the dogs off that the incident ended. Ms Cunningham said: “I was absolutely petrified for the baby. "I tried waving at people going past. "A few went past and a chap reversed and said ‘ignore her and get in the car'. DON'T MISSRSPCA must prosecute Zouma for cat cruelty, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Heartbreak as 'smashing' dog still not adopted after 500 days [INSIGHT]Animal abusers to face £5,000 fines under strict new welfare law [ANALYSIS]  “My nerves had gone, I couldn’t pick her up. "He said ‘just get in and shut the door so you’re safe!’ “He was beeping the horn because the dogs were following me and the chap said to the woman 'you're not in control of those dogs’. "She replied and said ‘they’re not all mine'. “If that man hadn’t had got me, I would have been dead and the baby. "They wanted the baby. "It seems like they were going for her or maybe that was just my panic. "They were all big dogs.” A Cheshire Constabulary spokesman said: “At around 2.30pm on Thursday, March 10, police received reports of an incident involving a number of dogs in Runcorn. The caller reported that at around 1.40pm that day, they were walking with a child in a pram on a field off Nortonwood Lane when they were approached by between four and five dogs which were jumping towards the pram. The owner of the dogs intervened and took the dogs away and there were no reports of any injuries.” 