Substantial flash flooding is a concern and at least 300,000 residents in New South Wales are facing evacuation warnings and this number is thought to rise as the wild weather event takes hold and travels along the coastline. These severe weather warnings follow devastating floods that submerged much of Lismore in north-eastern New South Wales, leading to hundreds needing rescuing and thousands of residents being evacuated.  Further south in New South Wales along the east coast there is a growing threat of the destructive weather system that destroyed northern parts of the region with severe rainfall and wind gusts causing flooding is making its way towards Sydney. On Tuesday Premier Dominic Perrottet said: “We know that at the moment this is focused on the north. “But very quickly, as we’re seeing in metropolitan Sydney now with severe and heavy rainfall, it will move to the south. “So, to all people, particularly across the east coast of our state these issues may come your way.”  The wild weather event is predicted to hit the central and south-eastern region on Tuesday night with flash flooding expected during the night and Wednesday morning. Rainfall is predicted to be more than 200mm in some areas and wind gusts in excess of 125 kilometres per hour are also likely. The Bureau of Meteorology warned of “a deepening low off the coast of northern NSW is expected to drift southward parallel to the coast on Tuesday and rapidly deepen in response to an amplifying upper trough and low”. Several weather warnings have been announced across the region of flooding, heavy rainfall, thunderstorms, damaging surf and high tides. READ MORE:Putin humiliated as Russian troops down weapons in collapse of morale The rain will continue due to a weather system out to sea throughout Wednesday and into Thursday where it is said there will be wind gusts predicted to be at damaging and destructive levels. The bonus of this weather system is that it is not thought that it will not last as long in terms of intensity as it did further north in Lismore. However, on the weekend another weather event is brewing with at least some form of heavy rainfall and could be another “high-impact event” falling over similar areas. DON'T MISS:Who will be the film star? David Tennant or Billie Piper (REVEAL)Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she won't watch (INSIGHT)Damning royal poll results expose crumbling support base (POLL) The record-breaking flooding that reached 14.4 metres in Lismore is said to be a 1 in 1000 year event while details of the damage are yet to be officially reported. Steph Cook, Minister for Emergency Services said that the northern parts of New South Wales had “never seen floods like this”. Ms Cook added that “it is unrealistic that a disaster of this magnitude will mean that there are no lives lost”. 