Jon Kay and Nina Warhurst hosted Wednesday morning's BBC Breakfast show that Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab appeared on. Moving on from their discussion on the NHS and lack of medical staff, the Member of Parliament seemed to lose his flow when the questions turned to the Metropolitan Police's report on Partygate. Confidently and sympathetically answering questions about the NHS and child and infant mortality Raab lost his focus when it came to the fines placed on MPs over lockdown parties.The turning point in the interview came when breakfast co-host Kay shared a clip of Raab appearing on the show back in January.Talking to Sally Nugent at the time, the MP said: "I think the ministerial code should be followed at all times. What I am not going to do is give you, [or] speculate on hypothetical questions about when and  how it might have been breached..."After he finished, Nugent replied: "Ok, as I said, we are not talking about any hypothetical situation - what I am trying to get you to say is, in principle, if a minister lies to parliament and fails to correct it, should they resign?" Answering "yes" at the time, when Kay pointed out that Boris Johnson had therefore said untrue statements and "therefore according to your own words, should he go?" Raab paused and looked confused. He even asked: "Sorry, is that your question to me now?" Kay clarified his question and the MP replied: "The Prime Minister was updating parliament to the best of his knowledge and understanding." Raab defended Boris and his previous statement and concluded with a scattered answer: "Of course there were and that is very different to if he said something not to be true because we now know there have been 20 fixed penalty notices, we accepted that there were all sorts of claims and allegations that needed to be independently investigated.  "That's why Sue Gray conducted the review, that's why the Met conducted their investigation, we embrace that. "I think it is something rather different to say that he lied which suggests that he was deliberately misleading."Kay cut him off, adding: "But since he said those words, we have seen pictures of him at some of these gatherings, he knew he was there.Rabb continued: "Sorry you are conflating all sorts of things." DON’T MISS…Ruby Wax age: How old is Ruby Wax? [LATEST]'Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth' Will Smith hits Chris Rock at Oscars 2022 [LATEST]Coleen Nolan sparks fury as Loose Women fans blast 'fat-shaming' Boris jibe 'Bit personal' [LATEST] Viewer Steven France noticed his awkward body language, and he tweeted: "Raab's Rattled #BBCBreakfast." Richard Bullard added: "@BBCNews, even you can see this. #BBCBreakfast well done for bamboozling #Raab. Mind you, it isn't difficult." Neil Whelan shared: "How many times has Dominic Raab been on #BBCBreakfast, and he STILL underestimates the presenters and thinks it's just a cosy chat over a cup of coffee? "Every time he goes on, he gets his own words played back to him and gets rinsed." Carol Gardiner was not a fan of his lack of clear answers, and she commented: "@DominicRaab on #BBCBreakfast denying that the PM lied about Partygate. "I am so tired of being treated like an idiot. @BorisJohnson lied, Raab is lying. Other ministers have lied to protect Johnson. Local elections are coming up. A rare opportunity to speak. Do it. "Raab really floundering this morning," Louise Paterson chimed in. Not that it will make any difference. Lying in parliament goes unpunished these days. #BBCBreakfast." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC.