Layla was just skin and bones when she came into the RSPCA's care in January 2020. The four-year-old whippet-type dog has undergone an incredible transformation since being found in a neglected state in a house in West Yorkshire by the animal charity. But poor Layla is still patiently waiting at the RSPCA Sheffield Animal Centre for a forever home despite being very popular with staff, who fear she is being overlooked as she can be nervous with new people. Hayley Crooks, from the branch said: “Layla is our favourite girl. "She is so lovely and likes to spend time with people she trusts and her fun-loving side also likes getting up to some mischief at times! “She can be incredibly nervous around new people but with careful introductions and lots of tasty treats she will make friends. “She loves to have lots of fun games to play and enjoys her time outside adventuring. “During her time with us Layla has spent time in foster homes, where she learnt how to enjoy life in the home. "However she may need slow introductions to the new home and general life outside kennels.” Layla was emaciated when she was rescued with her spine, pelvis and hips clearly prominent. READ MORE: Heartbreak as rescue dog has no applications due to facial scars Her owner signed her over to the RSPCA so she could receive emergency veterinary treatment. Ms Crooks said: ”I am delighted to see how Layla has been transformed in the care of RSPCA Sheffield Animal Centre. “Due to her circumstances staff at the branch do have some requirements for her new home, but we just know that there is a loving owner out there for her.” Layla is looking for experienced owners who have plenty of time to spend with her to help her settle into her new home. DON'T MISSDog waits for home for 400 days as adopters put off by baldness [PICTURES]Pair of unwanted dogs desperate for home before one-year anniversary in kennels [INSIGHT]Rescue dog who was 'terrified of everything' struggling to find home [VIDEO] She walks well on the lead but has been muzzle trained as she gets anxious when other dogs come close to her. Layla is looking for a home where she is the only pet. Ms Crooks added: She really is so lovely and sweet and we all love her dearly and know her forever home is out there. “ Find out more about Layla here.