Chelsea's crisis has deepend even further with Roman Abramovich now being 'disqualified' by the Premier League from running the club. The Russian billionaire was sanctioned by the UK Government earlier this week having had a "close relationship for decades" with Vladimir Putin.  His UK assets were immediately froen, casting doubt on his ability to sell Chelsea. But Abramovich will now be forced into fulfulling his promise of selling the club after The Telegraph revealed he has now been disqualified by the Premier League of running Chelsea. The Premier League statement read: “Following the imposition of sanctions by the UK Government, the Premier League board has disqualified Roman Abramovich as a director of Chelsea Football Club. “The board’s decision does not impact on the club’s ability to train and play its fixtures, as set out under the terms of a licence issued by the Government which expires on 31 May 2022.” JUST IN: Chelsea faced with exodus as stars 'contact lawyers to end contracts'  Chelsea have received a special licence from the government to continue operating as usual. But the Blues have faced strict restrictions since the sanctions were imposed on them. Chelsea are currently not allowed to sell matchday tickets for non-season ticket holders while the club shop outside Stamford Bridge has also been closed indefinitely. However, the report adds their special licence was 'amended' on Saturday which now allows them to spend up to £900,000 on matchday costs. UK billionaire and Chelsea fan Nick Candy is reportedly still pursuing his bid to buy the club despite their precarious position. DON'T MISS  Chelsea are still unable to negotiate new contracts for players with Antonio Rudiger, Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen all set to leave as free agents. Thomas Tuchel has faced tough questions regarding his own future at Chelsea following restrictions placed on the club. But the German coach insisted he remains fully committed to the west London outfit. "I don't know if I'm concerned but we are aware of it and it changes almost every day. We cannot do much about it," Tuchel said. "I'm still happy to be here, still happy to be manager of a strong football team and I'm happy to play the match today.   "I know there's a lot of noise around and still we allow ourselves to try our best to focus on football." And speaking in Friday's press conference, Tuchel was hopeful the sanctions would be lifted in time for the summer transfer window. "It’s maybe way too early to talk about it," he added. "I don’t know exactly the rules about the current situation and I think, as the statement said from the club, there are negotiations and talks going on about the licence. So let’s see what’s coming. "It makes not a lot of sense for me to comment on the situation now and give an outlook to the future in the summer. "I trust in everybody who is in charge, I trust people who are in charge in the government to find a solution that keeps us going through the season, and gives us the possibility to be in charge of our actions in the summer. "I think this is what we can do now. We were all surprised by the news and it is too early to have an outlook on the summer I guess."