Sanditon gained itself an international fanbase back in 2019 when the first season aired on ITV. So when the drama was cancelled, many viewers were in uproar, demanding its renewal and so the streaming service Britbox listened and gave the green light for not one, but two more seasons. One of the characters who fans will be sad to no longer see in Sanditon is James Stringer played by Leo Suter. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Sanditon. James Stringer was a kind-hearted and gentle character in Sanditon who was madly in love with Charlotte Heywood (played by Rose Williams). He remained a good friend to her throughout the first series and despite her admitting feelings for Sydney Parker (Theo James), he remained very gracious. On top of losing out on winning Charlotte's hand, James was struck with grief when his father died in a fire. He was ready to leave Sanditon for good for an apprenticeship but changed his mind, instead choosing to remain in the seaside town. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby?   After unexpectedly being renewed for a second season, Sanditon star Leo Suter announced he wouldn't be returning. He isn't the only star either not to reprise their role as Lord Babington actor Mark Stanley also won't be in the new episodes. Actor Suter hasn't explained exactly why he decided not to return to the now Britbox drama. However, a show representative did give fans an idea of why he chose not to comeback.  They said in a statement: "Due to several reasons including scheduling conflicts, neither Mark Stanley nor Leo Suter will be returning to the next season of Sanditon. "We are extremely grateful to Mark and Leo and wish these two talented actors the very best for the future." Actor Suter is now part of the cast for Vikings spin-off Vikings: Valhalla on Netflix as Harald Sigurdsson. The cast and crew started filming for the first season in October 2020, followed by several delays thanks to the coronavirus pandemic. So this is most likely the project which caused "scheduling conflicts" for Suter. DON'T MISS...Car SOS stars open up on 'worst' project ever completed 'Got it wrong' [REACTION]Sanditon season 2 episode 1 cast: Who guest stars in the series? [CAST]How much is a Britbox subscription? [EXPLAINER] While James Stringer last said he wouldn't be leaving in the first series, a new storyline explaining his absence is bound to be weaved into the plot. Many viewers were in favour of Charlotte marrying James the previous season but as he will no longer be in the drama, this won't be the case in season two. Instead, there are two new faces in Sanditon who will show interest in Charlotte. So is she going to have a second chance at love with either Colonel Francis Lennox (Tom Weston-Jones) or Alexander Colbourne (Ben Lloyd-Hughes)?  Sanditon season two will be made up of six episodes in total, with a new instalment airing every Sunday on Britbox. The synopsis for episode one reads: "Charlotte returns to Sanditon in unexpected circumstances. "A group of Army officers descend on the town, offering both romantic and business opportunities. "Georgiana meets an intriguing artist. Esther Babington has an unwanted encounter." Sanditon season 2 premieres on Sunday, March 20, on Britbox. 