The Britain's Got Talent judge is one of many celebrities stepping up to do what they can for Ukrainian civilians in their time of need. Amanda even flew out to Poland in a bid to help the refugees that managed to flee Ukraine. When speaking to Susanna Reid and Martin Lewis on Good Morning Britain, she went on to point out how difficult it is for refugees when they do arrive in another country. Despite insisting she didn't want to bring politics into the conversation, Amanda slammed Priti Patel admitting the Home Secretary has "made me really cross". Amanda said she vowed to help Ukraine after she received a comment on her Instagram account from a mother who was sheltering in a car park from a bomb in Kyiv. After speaking with her producers at Heart, the 51-year-old began a podcast so the voices of Ukrainian civilians could be heard. "I feel like talking is medicine," Amanda said. "One of those people did describe that to me like that. So I think that it's a great place for us to sort of learn and be educated about their plight from a completely different point of view to the news and everything else that's going on." READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? Discussing how the woman who contacted her fled Ukraine, Amanda recalled being sent footage of the woman being crammed onto a train full of people. "It was reminiscent of a World War Two scene," she said. "Everybody crammed on and everybody got out and she is now safely in Romania. "The reason I went out there was because there was an American volunteer who said, 'I should go out and see it for myself.' "And I thought you know what, I'm talking to these people who are clearly distressed, very displaced, but will defy the entire situation from the comfort of Heart studios. And I should just go out there really and see it for myself and then that's exactly what I did." Amanda went on to speak about how the refugee crisis is being dealt with as she explained she visited the biggest humanitarian centre which was full of people and beds. "There were sort of stands you know with different countries flags at the top and these people literally sit down at the country's flag they think they want to live in," she recalled. "And every single one we spoke to all see it as a temporary measure before they go back to their motherland. "It's a very efficient service being run there by everybody but the UK." DON'T MISS...Neighbours heartache as Willis clan become first family to exit show [SPOILERS]GMB backlash as host states Jamaica 'don't want William or Kate here' [VIDEO]James Martin addresses career move as he opens up on dyslexia [INSIGHT] Martin pointed out there is a Union Jack flag at the centre before Amanda added there's a charity in Bristol trying to help with the refugee crisis. Taking aim at the Home Secretary, Amanda said: "But they said you know, there are 35 pages of paperwork of which the first five questions are asking those refugees what their financial situation is, what their mortgage situation is, when they literally have a bag on their lap with all their possessions in, it is utterly ridiculous. "So, you know, Priti Patel is winning, we're not going to get many people coming into our country, despite the fact, 150,000 people volunteered to open up their homes. "So I felt pretty cross about that." As Susanna brought up the latest statistics reported about 52 orphans making their way to the UK, Amanda added: "We were having a look...my team and I were all looking through the paperwork. "You'd have a job to fill out these forms and we are British, so it is an absolutely appalling situation. "But obviously she's she doesn't want immigrants does she, Priti. I'm not political, but it has made me really cross." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.