Reports have emerged suggesting many people who are not of Ukrainian descent have been struggling to cross the country's border to flee the conflict. Kyiv mayor Vitali Klitschko and his brother Wladimir spoke to BBC News from Ukraine to deliver an update on events and aid they would not be abandoning the country. But when Geeta Guru-Murphy tried to get an answer from the pair about the border reports, Wladimir scoffed and accused the BBC host of repeating "Russian propaganda" before the interview was abruptly cut short. Speaking on BBC News, the brothers discussed the fighting in Ukraine and said they would not leave the country as it was their home before telling the broadcaster their family was buried there. Ms Guru-Murphy then asked about reports that some people of non-Ukrainian descent are being denied through the Ukrainian border. She said: "Can I just ask you, we've heard some reports from those who are trying to escape at the border. "Obviously a lot of women and children being led through but also some concerns that non-Ukrainian nationals, people from Asian and African backgrounds in particular, who are not being allowed to go through, not being treated fairly. "Have you seen those reports? Do you have anything to say about that?" Wladimir intervened and wanted clarification as to how they were being treated unfairly with Ms Guru-Murphy repeating they were not allowed to escape the country. Wladimir replied: "I mean, I'm sorry, there's like... this question is probably wrongly asked, because it's impossible. "We are in a free country and everyone can get in and get out anytime they want."  Ms Guru-Murphy said the claims were made via several reports, with Wladimir remarking they were probably "Russian reports". He continued "You gotta be careful because you know, propaganda works really well, it brainwashes us so well. "That all those children, so to speak, in the military uniform soldiers, Russian soldiers coming in and they say, oh, we're defending you guys from Nazis. "Where are the Nazis? Where are they? This is complete nonsense and just brainwash, propaganda..." Vitali then intervened and told BBC News that he and his brother had to go and thanked the UK for supporting Ukraine and wanted to see more help if they could offer it. DON'T MISS Putin mobilises fearsome Chechen brigades as war fears escalate [REPORT] Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [INSIGHT] 'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship  [ANALYSIS]   France 24 is one of several European outlets that have spoken to people of colour who claim they have been denied through the Ukrainian border. Moustapha Bagui Sylla, a student from Guinea, fled his university residence in Kharkiv. But the student ran into difficulty when they got to the border and explained: “They stopped us at the border and told us that Blacks were not allowed. But we could see White people going through." Nigerian student Michael also told France 24: “They won’t let Africans in. Blacks without European passports cannot cross the border. "They’re pushing us back just because we’re black... We’re all human, they should not discriminate against us because of the colour of our skin.” CNN also reported that men of Indian descent were being pushed back by border guards in what appears to be a Ukrainians first policy. 