Anton Du Beke has appeared on the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing since the first season, and after a 2021 shakeup, he joined head judge Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood, and Motsi Mabuse on the judging panel. The contestants welcomed Anton's expert opinion and now it appears one of his fellow judges wants him to stay on that side of the panel for the 2022 season. Bruno Tonioli was unable to join his fellow regular judges last year after pandemic travel restrictions meant he was unable to fly back from LA. The extravagant judge resides in the United States, where he also appears as a judge on Dancing with the Stars. Anton left an imprint with viewers who loved his contribution to the show and while appearing on the last episode of Strictly he joked that "he finally" made it to a final after never getting there with a celebrity partner. The show's straight-talking judge Craig was also impressed by the star's judging ability and hopes to see him as a regular fixture. Read More: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star?  He said: "I am so pleased now that he is a judge, finally. "There are only so many years you can be front-row dancing, then the second row, then the third and fourth." Anton joined the show in 2004 with his long-time dance partner Erin Boag, who still performs with him. Craig continued: "Then the only place left, darling, is a dancer's sheer death - in the wings.  "I was pleased they got him off the dancefloor and then put him where he belongs. "I hope he comes back next year. I loved it, absolutely," he told The Sun. Bruno has been a judge on the American version of the show Dancing with the Stars since 2005 with him flying back and forth to film both versions. Anton has performed on the BBC talent contest with the likes of Ann Widdecombe, Lesley Garrett, and Ruth Langsford. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]How to watch Yellowstone for free in the UK [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Paddy Kirk faces unimaginable loss as Bear Wolf 'dies’[SPOILERS]  Although little is known about the show's next cycle, Craig has revealed that he is returning for at least another two seasons. Chatting with presenter Rylan Clark on his BBC Radio Two show, the star spoke about his upcoming The All Balls And Glitter Tour and the BBC dance contest. He said: "I'm definitely coming back. I signed for two years, that's unusual. "Usually it's every year, and we don't know what's happening ever.  "I do obviously keep my Saturdays in the lead up to Christmas free. "But I'm definitely coming back, and I can't wait." The latest celebrity to take home the Glitterball trophy was actress Rose Ayling-Ellis and her partner Giovanni Pernice. The celebrity lineup for this year is yet to be announced. Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One later this year. 