Linda Nolan, 63, received a barrage of support from fans after sharing an update on her incurable secondary breast cancer, which spread to her liver in 2020. The Nolans star last week posted on Twitter an article that showed new photos of her smiling and “putting a brave face”. Fans appeared delighted to see the singer doing well as they commented on the pictures. Linda was hailed as “an inspiration” to other people facing adversities. LoveforLindax said: “She looks so good though it’s so nice to see her smiling and enjoying herself.” HelenRe38536426 added: “@LindaNolan_ is an inspiration to everyone but i do not doubt for one minute how vulnerable she feels in the face of her diagnosis BUT how she feels with it and how she battles and presents herself with it is amazing and helps everyone with cancer. Go Linda! X” READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him PaulaDefriez typed: “Linda is an inspiration in my battle against incurable cancer.” PAK1 wrote: “Linda you look beautiful! “You are an inspiration to everyone. “Even people not suffering from cancer but anyone who is ill or is feeling down or depressed! God bless you all!” Redfernjess1 chimed in: “You're so brave Lin my beautiful. “Smiling through it all you've done marvellously well xxxxxxxxxxx” Linda has recently supported a fellow celebrity who was diagnosed with stage three ovarian cancer. She reached out to comedian Janey Godley, 61, after she was told in November last year about her diagnosis. DON'T MISS‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award [LATEST]Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurab... [INSIGHT]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [NEWS] Janey had uploaded a picture to Twitter showing her getting her hair cut by her husband. Linda replied to the post, saying: “He did an amazing job and so are you… “Took me a few G&T’s before I could go through with the cut!” Linda said in August last year that the hair loss she suffered after receiving cancer treatment had left her “traumatised”. She explained during an appearance on BBC Breakfast: “I’ve got certain side effects from the chemo. I've got pins and needles in my fingers and my toes. “But it hasn't been too bad. I think for me personally I was traumatised losing my hair. “At the time you feel like you're being a little bit vain but I think everybody takes it differently. “For a woman losing your hair is a really traumatic thing. We're not supposed to be going around bald.”