The weather is set to remain overcast, with many experiencing wet and windy conditions over the next few days. However, temperatures are set to remain mild, with some areas reaching a pleasant 13C on Thursday and Friday before peaking at 15C on Tuesday.   London is expected to enjoy 11C on Thursday, despite the overcast weather. However, the midlands will bask in the warmest temperatures in the country as it is forecast to reach 13C, according to weather maps. There will be coastal gales in the south west and north east, but elsewhere it will be mainly dry, with some frost and fog in the west, forecasters have warned. Friday will start pleasant for much of the UK, although Britain can expect a few showers. READ MORE: Russia admits throwing conscripts into battle in Ukraine More general rain is expected over Ireland. The Met Office has forecast today to be overcast for most with a thick cover of clouds bringing rain in places. However, the rest of the week won't bring any brighter weather as unsettled spring weather makes way for drizzles and strong winds for some. The national weather service predicted Thursday to be "rather cloudy for most regions, cloud thick enough for a little rain at times". DON'T MISSEx-Miss Ukraine slams West while sharing Kyiv escape story [REVEAL]Donald Trump's plane forced to make emergency landing [UPDATE]Plans for drilling oil and gas will NOT cut Russian import dependency [INSIGHT]  It continued: "Brighter over parts of the far west and far east. "Turning windier." The Met Office has also issued its forecast for the remainder of the week. They said: "Rather unsettled with outbreaks of rain at times for most, heaviest and most prolonged in western areas.    "Strong winds at times, especially along western coastal areas over the weekend." Meanwhile, one flood alert has been issued in Scotland for Ayrshire and Arran, with flooding "possible" residents have been told to be prepared. Persistent localised heavy rainfall on Wednesday and continuing overnight into Thursday morning could lead to some minor flooding impacts from surface water and smaller watercourses, including localised flooding of low lying land and roads and some disruption to travel, the Scottish Environment Protection Agency has warned.  