Chelsea's Conor Gallagher transfer stance could pave the way for Tottenham Hotspur to offload Harry Winks this summer. Crystal Palace face competition to sign Winks as their hopes of securing Gallagher's services on a permanent basis continue to fade. Gallagher has shone under Patrick Viera on loan at Selhurst Park this season, making 30 appearances in all competitions, registering eight goals and five assists. The 22-year-old was impressive at West Bromwich Albion in the Premier League last term but has taken his game to another level in 2021/22. His form at club level earnt him his maiden call-up to the England senior squad last year, and he received his first cap as a half-time substitute in November's 10-0 win at San Marino. Gareth Southgate once again called upon Gallagher for the March friendlies, and he started Saturday's 2-1 win against Switzerland at Wembley Stadium. Gallagher's stock has skyrocketed whilst playing for the Eagles throughout the current campaign, which has garnered questions about where he'll be playing after the summer transfer window. But it would appear like Palace are growing more acceptant that he won't be their player beyond the summer. JUST IN: Neville blasted for 'childish cheap shots' at Man Utd stars after rant Alex Wood reports that Palace have started planning for next season, and a permanent deal for Gallagher is looking increasingly unlikely. As a result, the Eagles have joined Southampton in eyeing a swoop for Winks, who is open to leaving his boyhood club for regular football. The 26-year-old midfielder has made just 14 Premier League appearances this season, and he isn't in Antonio Conte's long-term plans as the Italian plots a reshaping of his squad. Therefore, Tottenham will listen to offers, and Palace and Southampton are long-standing admirers; the Saints almost made a concrete offer last summer. READ MORE: Premier League 'block' Victor Moses transfer deal after Ukraine war Thomas Tuchel is expected to welcome Gallagher into his first-team squad at Stamford Bridge next season, ending Palace's chances of keeping hold of him. Chelsea's uncertain financial situation also adds to the doubt, given the club can't sell any players under current sanctions. But even if the Blues can sell under new owners this summer, Tuchel is rightfully looking to instil Gallagher into his own plans amid his impressive exploits across London this term. And the energetic midfield ace wouldn't have any qualms with slotting right into Tuchel's ageing midfield. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.