Max Verstappen was told to “calm down” after moaning about Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc on team radio during the closing stages of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Verstappen complained Leclerc had twice crossed the pit exit line after a titanic battle between the pair.  His engineer said: “You calm down. Lets us do our work mate. You just keep your head down." The pair had a titanic battle for the win, switching positions a handful of times while using the DRS. At one stage, both drivers broke for turn 27 early in order to get the DRS down the main straight. Leclerc almost pipped Verstappen in the closing stages but Verstappen just held on to claim his first win in 2022. The Dutchman benefited from a late yellow flag after Alex Albion trundled off with damage. This stopped Leclerc from passing into turn one when he had a clear run. However, Verstappen's retirement last week means the two are still separated by 20 points in the World Championship standings. READ MORE: Verstappen's X-rated response after Latifi screws up Red Bull strategy  After the race, Verstappen said: "A good race, we were battling hard. We just had to play the long game, the tyres were wearing out quite quick. It wasn't easy, eventually managed to get ahead - just really happy to kickstart the season." Leclerc added: "It wasn't enough today but oh my god, I really enjoyed that race! It was hard racing but fair, every race should be like this. We are in a street track, we've been pushing like I've rarely pushed before, so there is respect, but I'm also a little disappointed." DON'T MISSChristian Horner 'hates' question as Max Verstappen secures 4th [COMMENT]Red Bull concerns grow after AlphaTauri mechanical issues [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen admits 'terrible' Red Bull mistake after Jeddah blow [INSIGHT]   And Red Bull team principal Christian Horner added: "What a great race. It was an exciting last few laps and thankfully we just had enough to bring it home. "It was a very patient race from Max, he looked after the tyres for the end of the race there and then after that last safety car, he really went for it." "Ferrari have got a great car and great drivers. It was a really tough battle today and that’s what we’re set for when it comes to the rest of the season. It’s going to be, from what we’ve seen in the first few races, epic. " 