Manchester United saw their hopes of Champions League glory ended by Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night. The Red Devils were sunk courtesy of a goal from Ronan Lodi, meaning they won’t be winning a trophy for the fifth year on the trot. So, as they prepare to rebuild once again, Express Sport will now take a look at EVERY player who is nowhere near good enough and should leave in the aftermath of the defeat - whether they played or not. Paid £150,000-a-week to sit on the bench. United can get a good fee for the England international and that money can be used to invest in a cheaper back-up goalkeeper to challenge David De Gea. It’s been three years and Harry Maguire still doesn’t look like an £80million defender. Leicester were perhaps his level and he doesn’t radiate any authority at the back. Too erratic. Barely plays. The Ivory Coast international has been injury-plagued for years and isn’t an upgrade on a single other defender at the club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Another injury-prone asset. Phil Jones deserves credit but he knows his time at United should, if they’re managed right, soon to be over. Had he not suffered the injuries that he did over the years, his career could have turned out differently. His best years are behind him and Chelsea knew it when they offloaded him back in the summer of 2017. The Serbia international has his uses but wouldn’t get game time at any other giant - either at home or abroad. Has been at the club since 2016 and blows too hot and cold. The fact he was left out of United’s biggest game of the season sums everything up and the sooner he leaves on a free transfer, and brings Mino Raiola with him, the better. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Was denied an exit in January and has barely played since, despite United being short on attackers. Why was he kept? That’s a question only the club’s hierarchy can answer. Juan Mata is one of the most-loveable people in football. Good on the pitch, flawless off it. Yet the Spain international is nowhere near the player he used to be and that means he’s another who should be cut loose at the end of the season. Marcus Rashford hasn’t developed anywhere near enough since making his debut during Louis van Gaal’s time in charge. Has all the talent to be a hit but, when he came on against Atletico, was absolutely abysmal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Has his uses as a substitute but spends too much time being injured - and telling coaches he doesn’t feel in peak condition to play. A faded force. There’s been talk of Anthony Martial potentially returning to United after his loan spell with Sevilla ends. Why? He’s another Rashford, a player who hasn’t done enough during his half-a-decade on the club’s books. Everybody was quick to criticise Ole Gunnar Solskjaer for not playing Donny van de Beek yet his poor performances for Everton show that, perhaps, his old boss was right about him all along. Speaking after the match, Ralf Rangnick criticised the performance of the referee. "I think we played a very good first half - exactly the way we wanted to play with a high energy level but we couldn't convert that into one or two goals,” he said. "We had a few good moments where we should have scored but we didn't. Conceding that counter-attacking goal just before half time didn't make life any easier. "It was hard in the second half and always interrupted. There was always somebody lying on the floor. “I would also say some curious refereeing decisions. I wouldn't say they were decisive but at least he fell too often for those time-wasting antics and four minutes at the end added on was a joke for me."