Cristiano Ronaldo's Manchester United future is highly likely to shape the club's summer transfer plans and should he decide to stay put for another season at Old Trafford, signing a new frontman could be placed on hold. Upon his return to his old patch in August, Ronaldo requested the No 7 shirt from Edinson Cavani, who politely obliged and vacated the jersey. Unfortunately for Paris Saint-Germain's record goalscorer Cavani, the kind-hearted gesture would prove to be a sign of things to come. Ronaldo, understandably, was not brought in to sit on the bench and with United operating with a 4-3-3 system, there was only room for one or the other in attack. The Portuguese superstar nailed down his place in the starting XI immediately and hit the ground running under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer before the Norwegian's tenure took a turn for the worse. It wasn't until United entered crisis mode in late October that the two seasoned veterans were paired together in a two-pronged attack at Tottenham - a victory that would save Solskjaer's job, albeit temporarily. READ MORE: Man Utd 'make contact with Erik ten Hag' as Ajax boss refines English ahead of job opening Yet a two-man strike force would prove short-lived and interim boss Ralf Rangnick has since reverted back to United's favoured 4-3-3 system. Once again, it means there is only room for one striker on the pitch and for obvious reasons, that has remained Ronaldo. Ronaldo is currently contracted at Old Trafford until the summer of 2023 and while there's an appreciation that things have not gone to plan, he is still expected to fulfil the final year of his current deal. That would ultimately prove problematic for any striker looking to join United this summer as they will not want to play second fiddle like Cavani has done for large spells of the campaign. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration Ultimately, it's clear that United are keen to sign a new No 9 for their long-term project and that will be the message they try to relay to other potential targets. With Cavani now expected to depart in June upon the expiry of his contract, United know they need to bring in at least one forward through the door. The heir to Cavani's throne may just make perfect sense for United. Slick dark hair, Uruguayan and an eye for a goal... Darwin Nunez is quickly emerging as one of the best young strikers on the planet having rifled home 20 goals in 20 Primeira Liga matches this season. His movement and lethal finishing is reminiscent of Cavani in his early Napoli days when he could not stop scoring in Italy. VIDEO - RYAN TAYLOR BRINGS YOU THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS AS ASTON VILLA EYE FRANCK KESSIE AND LUIS SUAREZ Nunez is unlikely to come cheap but he would represent a long-term investment that provides a solution for years to come. The 22-year-old has shown maturity beyond his years, leaving South America shortly after his 20th birthday to embark on a new challenge in Spain with Almeria. It did not take him long to get people talking after banging in 16 goals in 30 outings in La Liga's Segunda division, prompting Benfica to make their move. Now they're set for another mega payday this summer and while Nunez is likely to cost upwards of £70m - he would be a fresh name to bring excitement to United's attack. But crucially, Nunez will want to play now and is likely to have little interest in sitting on the bench - even if behind one of the greatest players of all time in Ronaldo. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here At the moment, he is the poster boy at Benfica and the star of the show, he will only want to depart Portugal to elevate his game to the next level. There is an acceptance that Ronaldo won't be around at United forever - potentially not even beyond this season - but his future will impact the club's pursuit of any striker targets. It is surely not out of the equation that United wait another year when Ronaldo's contract could expire - although they have the opinion to extend for another year - before signing a marquee name in attack. Either way, Nunez represents an opportunity not to be missed and it appears Newcastle and West Ham are already well aware of that. They will be wasting no time at all when the summer transfer window opens... VIDEO - RYAN TAYLOR BRINGS YOU THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS AS ASTON VILLA EYE FRANCK KESSIE AND LUIS SUAREZ