Drivers struggling with the cost of motoring amid record petrol prices, hikes in road tax and clean air zones are facing millions of speeding tickets due to the enforcement of 20mph limits. Transport for London (TFL) for example, are set to issue a million more fines due to the expansion of 20mph zones, MyLondon reported. The number of main roads with a 20mph limit in place will almost treble under the plans. 30 out of 73 junctions have also been earmarked for changes to the speed limit with over half of London's boroughs seeing the lower speed limit expanded on roads. Metropolitan police recorded 362,731 road traffic offences in six months between last April and November. 76 percent of those were for breaking the speed limit, almost 40,000 a month. The number was up 34 percent, or 92,519 offences, in the same period in 2020. READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year And TfL is also issuing Met Police with five “LASERcam 4” devices that combine a speed gun and video camera and will supplement hundreds of fixed-site speed cameras. The Footage collected from the cameras will be used to issue fines at "hot spot" locations, including at night. The evidence collected will also be able to be used in court avoiding the need for the driver to be pulled over by the police. A report to TfL’s safety committee stated: “We have been working with the [Met] to increase the level of police enforcement to tackle speeding and the harm it causes.” DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [WARNING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT] It continued: “This has included a programme of activity to increase the effectiveness of the safety camera operation, working towards having the capacity to enforce up to one million speeding offences by 2024/25.” Currently, around 50 miles of TfL “red routes” are already limited to 20mph, with a further 140 miles due to be added by 2024. Almost half of London roads have a 20mph limit including all roads within the central London congestion charge zone, and 19 of the 33 boroughs have it as a legal maximum. It is believed that the income from speeding tickets, which cost a minimum of £100, goes to the Treasury not to TfL or the Met police. Rod King, MBE founder of 20s Plenty said: “28 million people across the UK live in areas where 20mph speed limits are, or soon will be, the norm. “There is a growing desire for lower speeds from both rural and urban communities by implementing wide-area 20mph speed limits. “It is becoming increasingly clear that the national 30mph limit set nearly 100 years ago is neither wanted nor is fit to serve the needs of 21st century communities. “Changing it to 20mph on a UK-wide basis is the logical next step.” A massive 42 new areas in the UK have opted for 20mph limits in 2022, taking the number of local schemes to 591. The increase in demand was first recorded during the last quarter of 2021 when another 49 schemes were introduced. This saw schemes introduced in new cities such as Southampton and Faversham as well as parts of Oxfordshire and Cornwall. Last year, Councillor Phillip Desmonde, Transport lead for Cornwall said “inappropriate speed limits” risked making roads dangerous for residents.