The Duchess of Sussex has flawless skin and rarely wears a lot of make-up. However, she is passionate about skincare, and her regime is to thank for her glowing countenance. Meghan has previously spoken about her skincare routine, sharing her knowledge of certain beauty products with her fans. Before becoming a member of the Royal Family, the Duchess of Sussex often posted on her lifestyle blog, The Tig. She wrote about food, travel, fashion, and beauty, stressing the importance of caring for one’s skin. “As I’m getting older, my approach to ageing is quite different,” Meghan told Best Health in 2015. READ MORE: 'Tragic': Kate Middleton's body language shows 'suppressed distress' “I make sure that I take care of my skin and body, especially with the work hours I have.” This was when the 40-year-old worked as an actress, playing the role of Rachel Zane in Suits until 2018. To decrease the early signs of ageing, Meghan’s top tip is to undertake facial exercises and massages. Speaking to Birchbox in 2014, she mentioned a routine developed by aesthetician Nicola Joss, saying: “I swear it works, as silly as you may feel. DON'T MISS: Sophie Wessex’s £105k engagement ring has 'three heart-shaped stones' [PICTURES]Princess Charlene breaks her silence with new statement [NEWS]Damning royal poll results expose crumbling support base [OPINION] “On the day I do it, my cheekbones and jawline are way more sculpted.” As for make-up, Meghan ensures to use products that enhance her natural beauty. She prefers primer to foundation and, in 2017, spoke about using Laura Mercier Illuminating Primer, which is available for £17 at Cult Beauty. The Duchess explained: “I don’t wear foundation unless I’m filming so this is what I put on every day after moisturiser to give my skin a dewy glow.” Another tip Meghan has shared over the years is to make sure to thoroughly wash your face before bed, getting rid of any make-up, sweat, or dirt that has gathered in your face’s crevices throughout the day. The Duchess mentioned the benefits of “cleansing cloths”, saying: “They’re great to keep in the car and on your nightstand when you have those horribly lazy nights that the thought of getting up to actually wash your face seems unbearable.” Another of Meghan’s anti-ageing tricks is to use a face serum. Speaking to fashion and lifestyle blog The Lady Loves Couture in 2017, she said she uses a product called Quench Hydrating Face Serum by Kate Somerville, available for £68 at Look Fantastic. Meghan has also spoken about taking care of her lips, praising a lip balm named Fresh Sugar Advanced Therapy Treatment, which has sea fennel and orange extracts. The Duchess said: “I have searched high and low and tried every kind of lip balm, but this is the very best. “Soft, kissable, buttery lips. I swear by it.” As for body lotion, Meghan told website Beauty Banter that she moisturises every day using Nivea Skin Firming Hydration Body Lotion. She said: “I use this religiously, it’s honestly my favourite lotion on the market. “It’s so affordable, and makes my skin look and feel amazing. “I would buy a case of this at a time if I could find it.”