Aston Villa boss Steven Gerrard might just have a real chance of signing Luis Suarez this summer. The two Liverpool icons could reunite for the first time since their time together at Anfield. Atletico Madrid star Suarez is desperate to continue playing and Aston Villa could be a serious option this summer. That would be a remarkable coup for the Villans, who have already revived Philippe Coutinho’s career. And that is down to Gerrard, who knew all about the Brazilian’s quality from his time at Liverpool and signed the playmaker on loan from Barcelona until the end of the season. There is an option to make the deal permanent worth £35million and that could go ahead after a brilliant start to life at Villa Park. In eight Premier League matches, the 29-year-old has scored four and assisted three, and Suarez could be the next to reunite with his old Liverpool captain. According to The Athletic, the Uruguay international has been pushing himself to the very limit to elongate his career by another season. There have been injury concerns throughout his career, particularly over his knee, but that has not been the case this year. In fact, the 35-year-old has been fit and available for every game this season but has been used sparingly by Diego Simeone - completing only two full 90 minutes since October. But his contract at the Wanda Metropolitano will expire at the end of the season and it appears that Atletico will bid farewell to the striker - that led them to the La Liga title last year. It means that Suarez will become a free agent in the summer transfer window and Aston Villa will get the chance to take a view on signing him for nothing. As for the striker, he is desperate to play at least one more year of top-tier football and his swansong campaign might be best served in the Premier League. Working under a coach that knows how he works inside out would be a major benefit and makes Villa a potentially very attractive location. In January, Gerrard insisted that he would not be signing a striker amid speculation that Suarez might make the move to Birmingham. “I know Luis extremely well. He’s a world-class footballer, but we’re not after adding a centre forward, whether it be Luis or anyone else,” he said.