Since Russia first began pressuring Ukraine with its military in February, and now since the invasion, the UK has stepped up its efforts to hit Russian oligarchs and illicit financial activity in Britain. The latest in efforts to shirk accusations of “londongrad” is the Economic Crime (Enforcement and Transparency) Bill, which made it through it’s second reading in Parliament last Wednesday - but has been described by immigration attorney Farhan Farani as “sending the wrong message”. The new bill establishes a register of UK properties by overseas owners, stronger Unexplained Wealth Orders (UWOs) and a strengthening of the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation (OFSI)’s ability to impose monetary fines for breaches. Mr Farani told Express.co.uk that the new bill was “too little, too late” to deal with illicit Russian money laundering, and would only end up putting off foreign investors at a time when the UK needs them more than ever. The first part of the new bill includes a requirement for anonymous foreign owners of UK property to disclose their identities, in an effort to prevent criminals hiding their property ownership behind chains of shell companies. Of the new bill, Boris Johnson said the days of "dirty money" are over, and that "oligarchs in London will have nowhere to hide." Liz Truss commented more specifically on the information disclosure aspect of the bill, stating: “We will continue working through our hit list of oligarchs, focusing on their houses, their yachts, and every aspect of their lives.” But Mr Farani said that this kind of requirement makes investment in the UK a far less attractive prospect for foreign investors. He told Express.co.uk: “We don't want to send this message that Britain is closed for foreign investment. We have come out of Brexit, we are dealing with the pandemic and now we are saying that we will be exposing everyone who has foreign interest in the UK. “That will be sending the wrong message. By having this practice you are really turning them away.” Anti-corruption organisation Transparency International has identified at least £1.5billion of UK property owned by Russians accused of financial crime or with links to the Kremlin. When asked about the new Bill’s effectiveness at catching existing Russian oligarchs who are acting illegally, Mr Farani said the Bill was “too little, too late”. Writing for the Law Gazette, lawyers Lloyd Firth and Lindsey Cullen also questioned the effectiveness of the property register. READ MORE: Sky News reporter takes on Lavrov over hospital tragedy [INSIGHT] They argue that it is hindered by requiring companies to be completely honest about their properties to function. They wrote: “Although a company commits a criminal offence under the Bill if it provides false information, a company that is knowingly laundering money is unlikely to be motivated to act honestly by the threat of criminal sanctions. “The need for good faith reliance potentially renders the requirement meaningless.” A reliance on good faith in the companies is partly why, for Mr Farani, the solution to money laundering is not in exposing foreign investors’ properties - it’s in proper training. He said: “We think that we have enough rules and regulations and training of staff in relation to anti money laundering, but we don't.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine: Unhinged Putin vows to attack entire world [INSIGHT]Putin warned he could be ousted from power: 'Had enough!' [ANALYSIS]Russian tactical blunder: Moment Putin's attack convoy blown to pieces [REVEAL] “Rather than going for exposure, we should focus on implementing anti money laundering rules making sure that due diligence is conducted in big law firms. “In the past, companies would just not even do KYC (Know Your Client - a mandatory process of checking the identity of a business partner) on their Russian clients, because they knew what they would find. “They can get away with that because there aren’t proper rules. Government should start a training program for anti money laundering. “Specifically, these should be free courses and these should be mandatory. It should be built into the system. That’s where we are lacking.”