The Moon is in Virgo today, helping us to power through tricky tasks with ease. However, a few challenging aspects may make us feel unmotivated and cause confusion. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 16. The biggest indicator of how today is going to go can be based on the Moon’s position in hard-working, organised Virgo from 5am. We instinctively gravitate towards practical activities under the influence of a Virgo Moon, according to Cafe Astrology. The mystics said: “In an urge to set things right, we might easily find ourselves re-organising and rethinking plans. “Emotional satisfaction comes from solving problems, making order out of confusion, and helping others. “Health matters might come into focus. We notice the smaller parts that make up the whole, and instead of letting nagging details bother us, we might work on ironing them out so that we can feel more confident moving ahead.” READ MORE- Star signs: Scorpio's are in for a ‘surprise’ but warned 'be careful' The Moon in Virgo generally favours the following activities: With the Virgo Moon, we normally seek to tie up loose ends and deal with routine matters. This Moon transit draws out our desire to heal, help, and fix, so make the most of it. Tarot.com added: “The Moon in analytical helps us narrow our focus and get serious about making efficient progress." Use the day to get organised and do everything you’ve been putting off. DON'T MISS...Horoscopes: Your weekly horoscope - what do the stars have in store? [INFORMER]Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [INSIGHT]Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] A Mars-Neptune semi-square this morning may hold us back from our Virgo mission. Cafe Astrology.com said: “This transit can muddy the waters and wind us temporarily. “Seeing holes or losing some confidence in our desires or pursuits can be more of a symptom of the need for a bit of inspiration or a well-deserved break than a sign that our plans are lacking. “Of course, if there are flaws, adjustments may be necessary. Otherwise, we may need to rest or recuperate before pressing forward.” On top of this, there’s a bit of drama with Mercury and emotional and creative Pisces. Tarot.com said: “There's a chance to gain greater clarity surrounding our lives today, but it might take a couple of tries before we find our answers. “A tense opposition to Mercury in mystical Pisces could create some confusion, however, and we'll need to work that much harder to get past it. “Fortunately, a late trine to Uranus should bring a surprising solution.”