In recent media interventions, the former Labour Prime Minister has expressed confidence that the unionist side in a second referendum would win out. He has also said that the current UK Government thinks it “can’t afford” another vote on the subject. Speaking to the BBC on Sunday, the former New Labour leader said campaigners need to present a “changed” UK to Scottish voters that was more enticing than leaving. He said that devolution works when Governments could work together, and called on Ms Sturgeon and Mr Johnson to “end this conflict and standoff that is causing so much damage and preventing things being done”. He added: “When the Governments of Scotland and the UK can’t cooperate and can’t work together, then everybody suffers.” Reacting to the former Prime Minister’s remarks, Henry Hill, deputy editor of ConservativeHome, commented: “At this point, if any man could hand the SNP a victory they’re not otherwise capable of winning, it’s Gordon Brown.” READ MORE: Gordon Brown says SNP would lose second independence referendum The SNP have been pushing for a second referendum for the past few years, and leader Nicola Sturgeon has threatened to hold an unofficial vote in Scotland next year. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has previously rebuffed calls for a second vote, citing the “once in a generation” claim made during the 2014 referendum. While Alister Jack, the Scottish Secretary, has indicated that the Government would not consider allowing another referendum unless polling suggested a ‘yes’ vote of 60 percent or higher and was sustained for a year. He added: “The SNP would only have to win once if we just keep asking the question.” Polling on Scottish independence has reached somewhat of a stalemate according to recent surveys, with few undecided voters left to swing any future vote towards independence. However, Mr Brown told The Sunday Times that he had “no doubt we can win a referendum if there is one”. He said that he was “not afraid of a referendum and don’t spend my time thinking about how we can avoid one,” in an apparent jab at the Government’s attempts to quell calls for a fresh vote. Mr Brown added: “But there's no doubt that's what the Government thinks that they can't afford to have a referendum. DON'T MISS Country pub's warning after family leaves without paying £100 bill [REPORT] Putin rumbled as Pravda leaks REAL Russian death toll – 20 times more [REVEAL] Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' [INSIGHT] “I'm not afraid of fighting a referendum or arguing the case in a referendum. I'm ready any time to put my arguments.” But Scottish Tories accused Mr Brown of “caving” to pressure from the SNP to hold a vote. Donald Cameron, shadow constitution secretary for the Scottish Tories, told The Sunday Times: “Gordon Brown is wrong in both his analysis and his strategy for tackling the SNP. “The UK Government do not oppose another divisive independence referendum because they are scared, but because it’s the last thing Scotland needs right now and most people don’t want one.” He added: “On top of the nation being preoccupied with the horrific events in Ukraine, the Scottish people want the SNP Government to concentrate on our post-pandemic economic recovery and sorting out the public services that have deteriorated on Nicola Sturgeon’s watch. “We know that if the SNP lost a second referendum, they would immediately start campaigning for a third one. Gordon Brown should know better than trying to appease them.” Douglas Ross, the Scottish Tory leader, told the Conservative spring conference that Scottish voters should use the May elections to vote to move on from a “toxic” independence debate. He said: “Scotland has been gripped by the dead hand of nationalism for years. We can be so much more if we put the referendum obsession behind and come together.” Ian Blackford, the SNP’s Westminster leader, told BBC Scotland that there was a majority in favour of independence at Holyrood when Greens were included. However, Kevin Pringle, former SNP leader Alex Salmond’s chief spin doctor, said Scots were “uncomfortable” with the idea of another referendum at the moment.