Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has pointed out that Chelsea are not the "only club" in the Premier League who have had Russian owners in recent years after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK Government. Chelsea are currently in crisis with the the future of the club uncertain after sanctions were placed on Abramovich on Thursday. The Russian oligarch has had his UK assets frozen with the UK Government believing Abramovich has had a "close relationship for decades" with Vladimir Putin. Abramovich has always denied those links to the Russian president, but sanctions now placed on the Chelsea owner raise doubts on the future of the club. A 'special licence' has been granted for Chelsea to continue operating as usual, but supporters are not allowed to buy any new tickets to watch games while the club is also unable to sell any merchandise as the official Stamford Bridge shop was closed on Thursday. There is also some uncertainty on what it means for Chelsea's current players set to be out of contract in the very near future. JUST IN: Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich backed by Nigel Farage in obscene rant  The Blues are now locked out of negotiating new deals for Antonio Rudiger, Cesar Azpilicueta, and Andreas Christensen. They're effectively under a transfer ban as well, preventing them from currently buying or selling any players until May 31. Thomas Tuchel has tried to stay positive amid the current crisis while he's also had support from fellow managers such as Antonio Conte and Jurgen Klopp. But United boss Rangnick went one step further in stating Chelsea weren't the only club to have Russian owners in recent years. DON'T MISS  Rangnick said: "Could anyone foresee what would happen last 4 weeks? "We have to be very careful to blame someone. "Not only at Chelsea, [but] also at Arsenal and Everton there were ownership shares by Russian oligarchs. "(Chelsea) was not the only club." Russian oligarch Alisher Usmanov was previously associated with both Arsenal and Everton. Usmanov severed ties with Arsenal in 2018, selling his shares for a reported £550million. Everton owner Farhad Moshiri entered a deal with Usmanov back in January 2015 where the Russian billionaire's holding company, USM, would take over the naming rights for Finch Farm. But Everton announced earlier this month they were severing all ties with Usmanov following sanctions in which the EU described him as a “pro-Kremlin oligarch with particularly close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin". For Chelsea, the sanctions placed on Abramovich have raised serious concerns on whether they could go bust in a matter of weeks. Three have suspended their £40million shirt deal with the Blues while Nike are also said to be considering pulling the plug. Chelsea officials have held urgent talks with the UK Government pleading for restrictions place on the club to be lifted. British property tycoon Nick Candy still remains interested in buying the club, but it remains to be seen how the sanctions would affect any sale accepted by Abramovich.  