Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid spoke with CNN’s chief international correspondent Clarissa Ward about the latest reports in Kyiv, Ukraine. The reporter gave the Good Morning Britain hosts an update about the Russian invasion and how residents are still trying to flee their beloved country. She also explained there was meant to be a ceasefire in Kyiv on Wednesday morning, although as she was speaking to the hosts, an air raid siren could be heard in the background. “What is the situation there on the ground like right now?” Susanna asked.   Clarissa replied: “I have to tell you there is supposed to be a ceasefire this morning, it was about to start an hour ago.   “We’ve heard pretty much nonstop artillery in the distance for the last half an hour.” READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set?     “It is possible that it is outgoing, we can’t determine,” she continued as the air raid siren began sounding in the background. “This is a sound that by now, all of us have become accustomed to, it is the soundtrack of daily life in Kyiv. “The fear for people living in the city centre and the danger for President Zelenskyy is that as Russian troops encircle the city, they potentially increase their bombardment that things could get uglier and much more dangerous.” Richard went on to add: “Let’s hope it doesn’t turn into another Stalingrad, although of course, the Russians prevail even there in the rubble of that great city.”  Clarissa went on to detail what it has been like as a presenter reporting in Ukraine. She recalled: “The other day when we got back from those scenes in the suburb of Kyiv where all those people were trying to flee, my cameraman and I were looking through the footage and in many of the clips, I was touching someone or putting a hand on someone. “I think it’s less about becoming the story and more about…you’re able to do both.” “You’re a human being in the moment and hear their story and record it,” Clarissa added. DON'T MISS...Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [INSIGHT]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [NEWS]Death in Paradise’s Neville Parker sparks unlikely romance? [SPOILERS] “And if you see someone whose life has just been shattered, potentially has lost loved ones or who has been wounded, who is frightened, I think to put a hand on their arm or on their shoulder, carry a bag for them, I don’t believe that detracts from the reporting or even the objectivity. “I think it’s a good thing to be a human being and a journalist.” Elsewhere on the show, Richard was slammed by viewers for making a joke about the war in Ukraine. The ITV presenter made a comment about McDonald’s closing all their branches in Russia in support of Ukraine. “The McDonald’s story pulling out of Russia, they’re calling a no fry zone,” the host joked. However, the remark didn’t go down well with viewers, with many branding the host “embarrassing”. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.