The warm and sunny weather is to continue over the weekend and Britons are set to bask in temperatures of up to 20C, before colder and wetter conditions take over next week. Temperatures are well above the average on Friday afternoon, with the mercury hitting 19C in the London and Birmingham areas. However, BBC Weather's Louise Lear warned Brits can expect showers and cloudy conditions on Monday. She said: "Once again it's another glorious day out there for many. "You can hardly believe it's only the end of March when we sight like this, not a cloud in the sky. "There are some showers to be found mostly across the northern and western isles and that's because we've got that cloud stubbornly sitting there unfortunately spoiling the sunshine. "Little bit of a cloud developing across southern Scotland down through northwest England but the emphasis is dry, settled, and sunny with light winds continuing through the afternoon. READ MORE: UK snow forecast: Met Office warns 'show showers' at low levels "Once again the temperatures peaking quite widely to mid to high teens." She added: "As we move out of Sunday and into the start of a new working week, we've got a weather front that's going to be slipping across the top and running down the North Sea. "That will bring in the way of cloud, a few scattered showers as well. "Some of those could be quite hefty across northeast England in particular. "We could start the day on Monday with a lot of low cloud, mist, and fog which will be slow to lift too." On Sunday, when clocks go forward one hour at 1am, more sunny weather will usher in British Summer Time. Some North Sea coasts could see fog and mist and eastern areas will experience more clouds which will subdue temperatures there, but elsewhere "we will again see another fine and dry day", forecaster Craig Snell said. Temperatures are widely expected to reach "15 to 18C, maybe 19 or 20 in one or two locations," according to Mr Deakin. Next week is expected to start with yet more pleasant weather, although with more clouds and the potential for a few showers in central and southern parts of the UK. DON'T MISS Lawn care jobs to do this weekend - 5 key tasks to maintain your grass [INSIGHT]Met Office data shows Victorians were battered by extreme weather [ANALYSIS]UK weather forecast: Monster storm to batter Britain [MAP] With a week of March still to go, the UK has already seen the amount of sunshine it would usually expect for the whole month. Much of the country is also far drier than usual. "Looking at March upon March, this March is certainly proving to be a dry and sunny one," Mr Snell said. But a cold air mass pushing in on Tuesday is forecast to bring unsettled and wet conditions and lower temperatures from the middle of the week.