After months of intense build-up, we are just two days away from the first race of the 2022 F1 season. This has been arguably the most hyped and eagerly-awaited start to a campaign in history following a truly phenomenal 2021.  Max Verstappen won his maiden world title in controversial circumstances last year over Lewis Hamilton which capped off one of the greatest championship rivalries sport has ever seen. The Mercedes driver is determined to turn the tables on the Dutchman and win a record eighth F1 world title. However, if the new regulations have the desired effect, the Silver Arrows and Red Bull will not have it all their own way this season, as the likes of Ferrari and McLaren look to close the gap on their rivals. But do you think Hamilton will break the record and can Ferrari and McLaren be in contention? Express Sport's poll is open and you can have your say here. The second round of F1 pre-season testing in Bahrain came to an end last week. Verstappen laid down a marker as he set the fastest time on the final day, a vast improvement from his first testing session in Barcelona last month. Both Ferrari and McLaren also impressed throughout the two rounds of testing while Mercedes experienced some challenges. Seven-time world champion Hamilton only mustered a 16th place finish in Bahrain and struggled to adjust to his car and change in regulations. The Silver Arrows adapted the new W13 to feature no sidepods during the race and dealt with porpoising – the violent bouncing motion of the car on its suspension seen mainly on the straights. Hamilton gave his assessment of his team’s performance ahead of the year’s first race and criticised the quality of tyres for the new campaign. OUR POLL IS OPEN. CLICK HERE TO HAVE YOUR SAY JUST IN: Toto Wolff must revisit first Lewis Hamilton encounter to 'prove' Mercedes credentials   "I think 2022’s car regulations have meant, for everyone with everyone sliding around, we all seem to have less grip than before, the tyres are worse this year," he explained, via gpfans. “On the long runs, it’s physically a lot easier for me, what I’ve found here. The positives so far, following another car looks a little bit better which is hopefully the right direction."  "They worked, so then hopefully we will keep them on [for the opening race]." Hamilton stressed that his team will not be competing for wins based on their relatively poor performance in testing, but the Dutchman think his rivals have more up their sleeve. "If someone is doing well or a team that everyone expects to do well, then it’s: 'Oh no, we're definitely not the favourite'," he told Autosport. "And then a week later, when things do go well, all of a sudden it's: 'Oh no, but we turned it around completely within a week. Not normal, unbelievable work. Thanks to all people in the factory!'" So the mind games have begun between Mercedes and Red Bull, and you don't have long to wait now until it all gets underway, with the action starting this weekend. Make sure to check out our latest F1 newsletter here  