Harry Kazianis, an expert on U.S. foreign policy and national security challenges, told Express.co.uk that the combined value of sanctions from Western countries and corporations will amount to £1.14trillion ($1.5trillion). The sanctions from the Western nations including the UK and US have so far severely damaged the Russian economy. Russia's GDP (Gross Domestic Product) is currently worth £1.12trillion ($1.48 trillion). GDP is the most commonly used measure of the size of a country's economy. Mr Kazianis said that the economic damage inflicted by the sanctions are part of an attempt to force Putin out, claiming that the current "policy" being pursued by Western governments is "regime change". He said that the sanctions are a "direct threat" to Putin, but warned that the Russian leader is "not going to go down without a fight". This comes as NATO allies have imposed severe economic sanctions on Russian businesses, officials and oligarchs in response to Putin's invasion of Ukraine. When asked if regime change is likely to take place in Russia, Mr Kazianis, an analyst at US thinktank, the Centre for National Interest, told Express.co.uk: "That is the policy right now. "It's not acknowledged right now. The kind of sanctions and the economic damage - that's what we're doing. "And I don't think we realise it. "What's happening is that every government is acting independently, some are acting together. READ MORE: Putin turmoil as Russian soldiers 'refuse to come home' "Corporations are basically sanctioning the Russians. "And when you put it all together, my estimate is that you've got about 1.5tn dollars in economic damage this year alone due to sanctions. "So that's the size of the Russian economy just in one year, maybe even actually a little bit bigger. "So this is basically regime change - there's no other way to look at it. DON'T MISS: Touching photo of dog carried to safety by family escaping Ukraine war [PICTURES] Zelensky slams Germany after Scholz delays €500m Ukraine support packa [REACTION] Putin turmoil as Russian soldiers 'refuse to come home' [REVEAL] "I'm sure that's how Putin looks at it." Mr Kazianis claimed that the "threat" to Putin's regime is what caused him to put his nuclear deterrents on high alert in February. At the time, the Russian leader said he was responding to "aggressive statements" from the West. Mr Kazianis said: "The problem is that Putin's not going to go down without a fight. "I think that's pretty clear from how aggressive he is with other countries, how he treats his people, basically trying to lock down the country in terms of access to social media and information. "I don't think we realise what we've unleashed on Russia. "In the rush to punish him, we've sort of set up a situation where his regime is under direct threat. "He gets it. That's why he put his forces on nuclear alert just a few weeks ago because he understands what's coming for him. "I'm afraid in the weeks and months to come when the Russian economy really starts coming for him, he's going to respond."