The Last Kingdom season five is on Netflix and the historical TV drama has won the top spot in the streaming platform's top 10. The final season opened with Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) and his men settled down at Runcorn. The English town is in Cheshire, but was it ever under Uhtred's leadership?  The Last Kingdom's final instalment follows Uhtred and his loyal friends as they hope to settle down in peace. Having taken King Edward's (Timothy Innes) son Aethelstan (Harry Gilby) under his wing, they needed a safe place to stay. The series opens with Uhtred training Aethelstan in Runcorn, where they have settled happily. However, his friend-turned-enemy Brida (Emily Cox) soon discovers his whereabouts. The settlement is destroyed during a horrific ambush that cost Osferth (Ewan Mitchell) his life. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom teases return for sixth outing despite Netflix ending As for whether Runcorn was really under Uhtred's control, this is unlikely. While some fans believe Uhtred is based on the real-life Uhtred the Bold, this is not believed to be the case. Uhtred of Bebbanburg is a fictitious character, created by Bernard Cornwell for The Saxon Stories novels. The real-life Uhtred was ealdorman of Northumbria from 1006 to 1016. His family had ruled from Bamburgh Castle, which inspired Bebbanburg, on the Northumbrian coast. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5 timeline: How many years have passed? Uhtred did find himself in Cheshire in 1016 when he campaigned with Edmund Ironside. However, there is no mention of him taking control of Runcorn during this time. According to history, Runcorn was founded by Ethelfleda in 915 AD to guard against Viking invasion. The settlement was under Norman rule when it fell under the Barony of Halton. Not much is known about the early history of the settlement. DON'T MISS... Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star opens up on directorial debut [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom season 5: What happened to Sigtryggr's brother? [EXPLAINER] In 1656, Runcorn was described as an isolated and poor hamlet with little infrastructure. The area improved in the 18th century thanks to industrialisation and water transport. The fictitious Uhtred of Bebbanburg lived in the middle of the ninth century. With this in mind, he would have been around before the time Runcorn was founded. He was about 10 at the battle of York in 867. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Alexander Dreymon opens up on why series is ending In The Last Kingdom season five, the settlement is known as Rumcofa. Uhtred was asked to hold Rumcofa on behalf of Aethelflaed (Millie Brady) and Mercia. As well as safeguarding the kingdom’s northern border, it gave Uhtred a safe place to raise Aethelstan. Uhtred himself said it was a remote settlement with only travelling traders passing through.  The Last Kingdom season 5 is on Netflix now. The film Seven Kings Must Die is in the making.