Everton can reportedly get rid of their manager Frank Lampard this summer if they decide he isn’t the right man for the job. And they won’t have to pay him a penny of compensation. Lampard took charge at Goodison Park at the end of January after the Toffees had sacked Rafa Benitez. Lampard began his management career at Derby County in 2018 and led the Rams to the Championship play-off final before being headhunted by Premier League giants Chelsea. The former midfielder had enjoyed a stellar playing career at Stamford Bridge and led the club to a top-four Premier League finish and the FA Cup final in his first season at the helm - despite the fact the club were restricted by a transfer ban. But he was sacked midway through his second season as the west Londoners replaced him with Thomas Tuchel. Lampard then bided his time outside the game for a year before being given a route back into management with Everton. The Toffees had endured a miserable first half of the season and were a side in freefall when the ex-England international arrived on Merseyside. Sadly for Lampard, he has been unable to reverse his side’s fortunes and they are now in real danger of being relegated to the Championship. MUST READ: Man Utd face Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern 'bid' jeopardises plans    On Sunday, Everton were humbled 4-0 by Crystal Palace in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup, which led the manager to denigrate his own players. “There is only so much time you can keep buttering someone up to give them confidence,” Lampard admitted after the match. “You’re playing at the cut-throat end of football here. This is a quarter-final to get to Wembley and if you haven’t got the confidence to play, you can quickly flip it and say, ‘Have you got the b******* to play?’ Excuse me, but that’s the football reality.” DON'T MISS...Arsenal's kit for 2022/23 'leaked' as Adidas copy design from Man UtdTottenham's Conte given cause for concern by Argentina's Romero callMan City have Haaland fear with Real Madrid set to use transfer tactic  Lampard has won just two of his seven Premier League matches in charge - so Everton chiefs could already be wondering whether they got their appointment right. And, according to Give Me Sport, Toffees bosses have the option to part ways with the 43-year-old at the end of the season. But Lampard’s contract doesn’t allow him to do the same thing should he start to think he would be better off elsewhere. Lampard will clearly be worried about what the next few months have in store, but he can still put things right at Goodison Park. Everton are currently three points clear of 18th-placed Watford in the Premier League table and have two games in hand on the Hornets. So the Merseysiders could yet finish the season well clear of the bottom three. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 