Cleaning and maintaining the home is important in helping to get rid of nasty germs and bacteria as well as strengthening immune systems. It can however, often be seen as a chore and certain jobs are avoided for as long as possible. To help homeowners keep on top of their cleaning this spring, one expert has shared areas of the home which can be cleaned in just 10 minutes. Home expert Richard Petrie at Thomas Sanderson said: “As well as vacuuming the top of your rug, make sure you turn it over and give it a quick spruce underneath before repeating on its original side. “Rugs are silent collectors of dust and debris and can hold onto bad smells if they’re not cleaned regularly. “For an even deeper clean, try sprinkling some baking soda on to your rug to freshen up the fluff.” Baking soda can help to dissolve dirt and grease as well as other sticky residues. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ It is a cheap and eco-friendly deodoriser that can help with all sorts of problems. Windows should also be cleaned this spring and they may be quite dirty, with dust and debris building up over the winter months. According to the expert, windows can be left looking brand new in 10 minutes. Richard explained: “Give them a quick once over to remove those sticky stains you’ve been avoiding for weeks. DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer: Questions to ask when moving or extending [COMMENT]Average UK house price exceeds £260k for the first time [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT] “Try combining 50 percent water with 50 percent vinegar to produce your own window cleaning solution. “Using a sponge or microfibre cloth, spray it all over the window before wiping in a Z-shaped motion. If you’re super speedy, you might even be able to clean a whole bay window.” Many may be doing a whole house spring clean soon, but there are places which are often forgotten about. This includes the cleaning cupboard where lotions and sprays are stored. According to the home expert, this area of the home can be the “dirtiest” in the house. Richard said: “Make sure to remove all of your sprays, even the out of date ones at the back, and give your cleaning cupboard a deep clean. “To organise the cupboard, use storage tubs with labels on them as to which room the cleaners are for.” Other jobs to help Britons keep on top of their house cleaning include loading or unloading the dishwasher and changing the bed sheets. Baking soda and white vinegar can also be used on bed sheets. The combination of the two helps to break down the build-up of residue that is left behind from detergent and fabric softener. It helps to gently cleanse and refresh the material, making it nice and soft. The expert added: “Pull all the sheets off your bed and replace them with fresh smelling sheets for the next time you climb into bed. “Changing your sheets will also freshen up the room with a nice change.”