Arsenal have been backed to pull off the signing of Manchester United star Marcus Rashford - repeating the deal which saw them buy Danny Welbeck from the Red Devils. Rashford is reportedly considering his future at United due to a lack of game time. And Arsenal has been suggested as a potential destination for the England international. Rashford has started just nine Premier League matches this season, with four goals to his name. His contract expires in the summer of 2023, though United do have their customary option to extend it by a further year. Speculation around the future of a player of Rashford's stature understandably leads to people wondering which club he would suit. Former Chelsea defender Jason Cundy reckons Arsenal could be a good destination for the 24-year-old. JUST IN: Liverpool ace Fabinho accused of ‘cheating’ by Wenger to stop Inter Milan comeback  “I do feel he might have to move on," Cundy said on talkSPORT. “Would he go to Arsenal? Can you imagine what Mikel Arteta would do with him? Imagine him at Arsenal right now. Why couldn’t he go there?” Cundy's co-host Andy Goldstein pointed to the fact that Rashford is Manchester born and bred and won't want to actually leave the club. But Cundy pointed out how Welbeck made that move from United to Arsenal in 2014. DON'T MISSBillionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle financial headache as he plots Abramovich takeover [REPORT]Cristiano Ronaldo's telling Man Utd training ground actions after Man City absence [INSIGHT]Everton risking points deduction as worries over club's future grow [NEWS]  He added: "Sometimes players just have to move on, they’ve got to find a new, fresh start. “Rashford is Man United through and through? So was Danny Welbeck and he had to move on eventually.” Welbeck spent five years at Arsenal and became somewhat of a cult hero with supporters. However, much of his time at the club was disrupted with injury problems.  Rashford has had injury concerns of his own in the last 12 months. Cundy says his career on the pitch has not blossomed the way his stature has off it. “Clearly he’s had a very difficult last seven or eight months, he’s had a tough time,” Cundy said. “We all know what brilliant stuff he did during the COVID lockdown, what he did for single parents and getting food into young children’s homes – incredible stuff.  “But there was so much going on in his brainspace, he was doing brilliant stuff being spoken about in parliament, he was in the front pages and back pages, it does feel like his career has gone sideways. He hasn’t really moved forward. “It doesn’t help that right now he’s at a club where Manchester United are not going anywhere fast. "There have been managerial changes and it’s not been a happy time at United this season." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 