Mr Stewart spoke on GB News about US President Joe Biden's lastest vocal blunders. Many political commentators and military experts have been condemning Russian President Vladimir Putin for his bloody invasion of neighbouring Ukraine. Mr Stewart spoke about Mr Biden's previous condemnation of Putin as he has publically called him a war criminal and a butcher, over the past few weeks. Mr Steward also touched on the claims from Russia which call Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky a fascist. Mr Stewart said: "Well what I thought was intriguing were two things, first of all, the White House... That's not quite what he meant. "When that happens you know whether you're Boris Johnson, Joe Biden or Emmanuel Macron you're in trouble when the boys and girls in the back room saying that's not quite what he meant. "And the thing that struck me about it is, I think that our viewers the lovely people who send all those messages in would not have seen the problem. "Because if he is a butcher and a war criminal, which Joe Biden has also said, then by definition he's kinda got to go. JUST IN: Putin's 'biggest' Achilles' heel exposed as 'derided' Russian despot facing furious REVOLT Mr Stweart added: "Gaddafi had to go, Saddam Hussein had to go, but there is a kind of nice rule in global diplomacy where you don't actually call for it although I actually think that Putin gave him licence to do it. "Because Putin's been crystal clear, the main things he wants apart from Crimea, Donbas and that corridor along the South in Ukraine, is he wants Zelensky to go. "He falsely calls Zelensky a fascist and a Nazi and all of that, which is obscene and inaccurate and untruthful, although some of Zelensky's supporters have got slightly dodgy pasts US President Joe Biden finished his Whitehouse speech with the controversial call to end Putin's regime, which has called backlash as it could be misinterpreted. READ MORE: Mum left fuming after letter describes her 'active' four-year-old daughter as overweight    Mr Biden said: “For God’s sake, this man cannot remain in power." The statement did not go down well with the Kremlin. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters in response: “This is not to be decided by Mr Biden. “It should only be a choice of the people of the Russian Federation.”  DON’T MISS: Russia scaling back invasion as troops retreat to eastern Ukraine after weeks of stalemate The White House staff have been working to fan the flames of controversy which came from Mr Biden's closing comments. A statement has been issued saying he was not referencing a “regime change." A White House spokesman added: “The president’s point was that Putin cannot be allowed to exercise power over his neighbours or the region.” Mr Biden's comments also follow a four-day schedule of back to back meetings in Europe, following the NATO conference. 