The third most senior politician in the US issued her ultimatum in front of the UK ambassador while addressing a dinner held for Irish politicians in Washington. She told guests at the Ireland Funds Gala dinner that Brexit must not interfere with the peace agreement in Northern Ireland. Her remarks come despite a thawing of relations between the UK and EU over frictions on the Northern Ireland Protocol. Britain and Brussels have agreed to put aside their differences on customs checks implemented on goods crossing the Irish Sea to Northern Ireland to work together on the Ukraine crisis. The UK had previously warned it could use the legal means to suspend the treaty due to the frictions being caused to the UK's internal market as a result of the Protocol unless the EU agreed to renegotiate. The rhetoric on the matter has since died down to focus on presenting a united front in the face of Russian aggression. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG In spite of the Brexit issue being sidelined, Ms Pelosi took it upon herself to keep up the pressure on the UK last night. A US trade deal has been sought after by Westminster ever since the 2016 referendum. But the White House has withheld from negotiations until Brexit rows die down. Ms Pelosi has long threatened not to do a deal with the UK due to concerns over relations with the EU. "The Good Friday Agreement is the bedrock of peace in Northern Ireland and an inspiration for the whole world,” Ms Pelosi said in 2020. "The UK must respect the Northern Ireland Protocol as signed with the EU to ensure the free flow of goods across the border. DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: Does the EU respect Britain? [GET INVOLVED]John Bercow: Five times former Commons Speaker frustrated Brexit [INSIGHT]French Fishermen accuse UK of ‘not respecting’ Brexit agreement [REACTION] "If the UK violates that international treaty and Brexit undermines the Good Friday accord, there will be absolutely no chance of a US-UK trade agreement passing the Congress." Her comments last night were made on the same day Washington and London announced they would launch talks on deepening trade links this Sping. While not committing to a free trade deal, the two international partners said they would be working together on improving links in areas such as digital, green trade and supporting small and medium size businesses. International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said: "The US is our biggest trading partner. Our thriving relationship already delivers so much for our economies, businesses and people. "Now, more than ever, we recognise the power of deepening trade ties with likeminded allies around the world. "This new UK-US dialogue is a symbol of our ambition to work even closer with businesses and workers to promote innovation, inclusive economic growth and support jobs on both sides of the Atlantic. "These events are a huge opportunity to make it even easier, quicker and more cost-effective to do trans-Atlantic trade, but also to tackle the most pressing challenges we face like congested supply chains and climate change." US trade ambassador Katherine Tai added: "The United Kingdom is one of our oldest and most trusted allies, and our partnership is rooted in shared values and priorities. "These Dialogues will provide an opportunity to engage our stakeholders to help inform how an inclusive trade policy can promote equitable economic growth and prosperity for our two countries."