Married at First Sight Australia is currently midway through its series on Channel Nine in its native country and in the early stages on E4 in the UK. As the series continues to keep viewers hooked, former Married at First Sight UK contestants Megan Wolfe and Marilyse Corrigan have spoken to Express.co.uk on what it was like actually filming the show. During their time on the series, the social experiment was anything but social. Marilyse Corrigan, 36, and Megan Wolfe, 26, starred in the sixth season of Married at First Sight UK. The singletons' series aired in the summer of 2021, with Marilyse marrying controversial husband Franky Spencer and Megan to Bob Voysey who she later cheated on while shooting. In February, Married at First Sight Australia season nine made its big debut on E4 with fans of the UK version excited for this international series to begin. While it may seem like an excuse to gossip, fall in love and sometimes argue for a number of weeks, according to Marilyse and Megan, they were left "shattered" after each day. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview The Married at First Sight stars told Express.co.uk that they would regularly have to take part in filming that stretched for almost an entire day at a time. Marilyse explained: "On the commitment ceremonies and the dinner parties, we'd have to get up at 7am to get ready and wouldn't be done till 2am and back to our apartment. "So it would be like 20 hours of filming, we'd be absolutely shattered. "We'd be so tired and it's raining, and then you're repeating things as well, you've got to do again and again. "Like walking in the room and you've all got to walk out and then do it again in your couples and things like that so it's intense." Megan continued: "I think it's a lot harder work than they'll expect, it wasn't a job but it felt like the hardest job that had ever hired you. "They had you filming long, long days, you are expected to be on it, filming a lot of the time and you think you have lots of free time to mingle but it's a grind." The long filming schedule wasn't the only unexpected factor when shooting Married at First Sight. Despite appearances, the cast wasn't able to interact without a camera present. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one  [CANCELLED]Selina Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Selina Chhaur now? [EXPLAINER]MAFS Australia season 9: Are Olivia and Jackson still together? [CAST] Marilyse mentioned the singletons would "sneak" off as the rules were "harsh". She commented: "We couldn't socialise off-camera, it all had to be on camera in case they missed a storyline or something happened, people fall out, they make up, etc. "We've all become more friends now after the show rather than on the show. "But I suppose that's good as the storyline is about couples getting to know one another so it would be totally different now as we all know each other." Megan added: "That will be the biggest surprise for them [the Australian contestants], we look like we know each other but we were perfect strangers." Married at First Sight Australia is airing new episodes four nights a week on E4, so fans can keep regularly updated on the couple's journeys. Season nine is made up of 30 episodes in total which makes it the biggest series yet. As long as there are no shake-ups in the schedule, MAFS Australia will come to an end on Tuesday, April 12, on E4. Married at First Sight Australia season 9 continues on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.