It comes as the latest polling from Internet-based market research and data analytics firm​​ YouGov America on March 17 revealed that 52.4 percent of Americans disapprove of Ms Harris’ performance as Vice President. Although the weekly poll tracker has shown more Americans disapproving than approving since spring 2021, these are the worst figures yet for the VP.  Mr Dolan, Author of “Trump: The Hidden Halo”, claimed Ms Harris’ “stark” drop in popularity was “emblematic” of a White House dealing with the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the author claimed: “Kamala Harris’ stark and marked drop in approval rating is emblematic of a White House both in decline and struggling to cope with the complexity and severity of foreign policy. “It has long been documented that a fractious relationship exists between the President and Vice President and recent issues, such as Harris’ much reported response to a photo of her on the cover of Vogue or Jill Biden’s disapproving comments at her husband’s choice of running mate. “Fundamentally, the Biden administration has failed to handle the crisis in a way that is becoming one of the largest military and economic powers in the world.  “In the face of a plutocratic ruler such as Vladimir Putin, the US should have been projecting a united front that the invasion of Ukraine would not stand, however, Kamala Harris and Joe Biden have concerned themselves with infighting and posturing ahead of the next Presidential Election.” The political commentator continued: “More broadly, Harris’ only response to crises that present themselves is incessant laughing followed by diversion tactics that would make even a hardened politician blush. “The administration has become an embarrassment unto itself, with it being arguable that the only reason Biden is still in power is the fact that Harris is even more unpopular than him. “Ahead of the next Presidential Election, the Democrats have painted themselves firmly into a corner.” READ MORE: Poland dragged into Putin's war over Baltic port According to YouGov America, a majority of voters across all age groups disapprove of Ms Harris’ performance, although she is most unpopular with voters over 65 with 58.4 percent disapproving of her performance. In terms of level of education Americans with a High School education or less are the most critical with 56.2 percent disapproving compared to college graduates who were evenly split with 50.8 percent disapproving while Postgraduates narrowly approved of Ms Harris 48.7 percent to 48.2 percent. Men are more critical with 57.5 percent disapproving of the Vice President but it is narrower with female voters with 48.7 percent disapproving compared to 43.4 percent approving. Unsurprisingly, this divided along partisan lines with 76.4 percent of Democrats approving compared to 87.1 percent of Republicans who disapprove. DON'T MISS: ‘We won’t destroy ourselves’ Hungary’s Orban hits back at Zelensky [REVEAL] Ukraine poised to unleash deadly new weapon on Putin's troops [INSIGHT] Kremlin forces humiliated after Stalingrad tank division destroyed [SPOTLIGHT]  Similarly, 62.2 percent of Independents also disapprove of Ms Harris. Meanwhile, 59.4 percent of white voters disapprove of Ms Harris, while in contrast 63 percent of black voters approve. A narrow majority of Hispanic voters 45.9 percent to 44.2 percent disapprove. Since the Russian invasion of Ukraine last month, Mr Biden has imposed extensive sanctions on Russia, including a full oil embargo. The 46th US President has also authorised over $1billion in weapons shipments to Ukraine and closed American airspace to all Russian aircraft. Mr Biden and Ms Harris have also visited key NATO allies in Eastern Europe, such as Poland, to reassure nations that Washington will come to their defence if attacked by Moscow.  