They have warned of "patches of dense fog" covering the areas, with the possibility of "slower journey times with delays to bus and train services" and "delays or cancellations to flights". They said: "Dense fog patches have formed overnight with visibility less than 100m expected in places at first on Wednesday morning. "The fog is expected to clear by mid-morning." The weather warning is currently in place until 9:30am on Wednesday morning. The Met Office shared the warning on their Twitter account, writing: "Yellow weather warning issued. Fog across eastern England. Valid until 09:30am." Across the rest of the UK the spring sunshine and high temperatures look set to continue, with highs of 20 degrees Celsius possible in London and the south.  The Met Office national forecast for Wednesday reads: "A chilly start but after any early morning fog clears it will be dry for the vast majority with long sunny spells and becoming warm again. "Perhaps an isolated shower developing in the east and north later in the afternoon." Thursday's forecast is a similar story, saying: "Again mostly dry and warm with sunny spells for many although cloudier than of late in the northwest. "A few well scattered showers possible, most likely northeastern England and Scotland." READ MORE: UK heatwave: London set to bake in 20C sunshine as above average sprin Once the fog has cleared in the affected areas, Wednesday promises to be a bright and warm day. The forecast for the East Midlands reads: "Mist or fog patches possible until mid-morning, and conditions will remain hazy along the coast but otherwise sunny and warm. "Cloud will bubble up in a few spots into the afternoon, bringing a very low chance of an isolated shower. "Maximum temperature 18 degrees C." DON'T MISS:Boris could lose own seat as cost of living 'headache' hits Tories [REVEAL]Bahamas committee demands apology from Kate and William [ROYALS LATEST]Putin's mouthpiece refuses to rule out direct nuclear strike on Europe [SPOTLIGHT] Temperatures look set to stay high across the country, with a high of 17C predicted in Newcastle. In Manchester it could reach 19C, with Edinburgh also predicted to hit 18C. Belfast and Cardiff are set for highs of 17 and 20 degrees respectively.