Madonna, 63, has taken to Instagram to promote her new single Frozen with a string of pictures. The singer can be seen posing with rapper Fireboy DML, with the last picture sparking a frenzy as the actress posed in cut out trousers, exposing her rear. Madonna has been classed as the Queen of Pop, with a career spanning an astonishing five decades. The singer shows no plans of showing down as she took to Instagram to share news about her new song. Madonna showed off her incredible youthful appearance in the pictures, as well as her ageless figure. In the last picture, the singer can be seen crouched down in a black outfit, full of cutouts, giving her followers a view of her derriere. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him In view of her 17.7 million followers she captioned the post: "Frozen Remix song and video featuring @fireboydml." She added a trio of fire emojis and continued, "Music drops March 3rd………". In the other pictures the singer showed off her youthful style as she posed in a black corset like top, fishnet leggings and tiny leather shorts. She piled on the silver jewellery that includes diamond chokers and cross pendants. She wore a large pair of black sunglasses and her long blonde tresses were perfectly straight. The stunner wore a full face of makeup, showing off her youthful appearance. Many social media users took to the comments to express their view on Madonna's latest risque snaps. Sharoff12 said: "You're the best! Idol!" DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [COMMENT] Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [PICTURES] Linda Nolan inundated with support amid cancer battle ‘An inspiration' [HEALTH] Brunnocher added: "Who made this outfit Madonna??" Hausoflandon commented: "QUEEN OF POP!" Madonna has also been showing her support for Ukraine, as she posted a fanmade video to her song Sorry. In the caption last week she penned: "Putin has violated every Human rights accord in existence. "Putin has no right to erase the existence of Ukraine! "We support you President Zelenksy!! We are praying for you and your country! "Let's not feel helpless when confronted by Geo-political Actions of this magnitude. "There are things we can do. Glory to Ukraine. Glory to heroes!"