  Former Celebrity Gogglebox star Dame Maureen Lipman has opened up about the backlash she received following the comments she made about the casting of Dame Helen Mirren. The actress lamented that she was “not on the BAFTA list anymore” and hinted that her outspoken behaviour could be the reason behind it.      Dame Helen, 76, will star in upcoming film Golda, a new biopic about former Israeli prime minister Golda Meir. Dame Maureen, 75, took issue with the casting choice due to the fact that Helen is not Jewish. In a new interview, the actress was quizzed on her “public spats about cancel culture and Helen Mirren playing Golda Meir”. When asked about whether she regretted her decision to voice her opinion on the matter, she replied: “My kids would like me to rein it in.     “I don’t mean to be provocative, but if you are an opinionated person or if you care about injustice, then you do tend to speak out. “I don’t think it’s made me very popular to be anti-Corbyn or indeed to take Ed Miliband on about his attitude to Israel. “I’m not on the BAFTA list any more, or the Evening Standard Theatre Awards,” Dame Maureen revealed. “Those days have gone. But criticism always hurts whatever age you are."     Mauren joked that she was a "cantankerous old bag" but it didn't make her feel "released". She added that she "liked things to be nice as well" in her exclusive interview with the Radio Times. Dame Maureen’s comments come after she voiced her frustration earlier this year at the fact that non-Jewish actress would be playing the first female leader of Israel in Guy Nattiv’s new biopic. Originally speaking to the Jewish Chronicle, she said: “With that I disagree, because the Jewishness of the character is so integral. READ MORE... POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? [POLL] Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [LATEST] Piers Morgan U-turns over 'woke' Oscars rant as he praises Amy Schumer [NEWS]      “I’m sure she will be marvellous, but it would never be allowed for Ben Kingsley to play Nelson Mandela. You just couldn’t even go there.” She added: “Perhaps you need to have some sort of panel of people who say this is not acceptable, this is acceptable.” Dame Maureen later clarified her comments by saying: “I have nothing against Helen playing it. “My query is, should the casting directors have looked first, and maybe they did, at Bette Midler or [Barbra] Streisand or Jennifer Connelly or Scarlett Johansson… or Tracey Ullman?”      Since then, Dame Helen has responded to Maureen's complaints, which she described as “utterly legitimate”. The legendary actress told Mail Online she had raised these queries with director Guy ahead of accepting the role. “It was certainly a question that I had, before I accepted the role,” she confirmed. “I said, ‘Look Guy, I’m not Jewish, and if you want to think about that, and decide to go in a different direction, no hard feelings. I will absolutely understand.’ “But he very much wanted me to play the role, and off we went.”   