Brenda returns to our screens tonight in the new series of Kate and Koji. The series, written by Andy Hamilton and Guy Jenkin who brought us Outnumbered, focuses on Kate, the owner of an old-fashioned seaside cafe in the fictional town of Seagate. Kate (played by Brenda) forms an unexpected friendship with regular customer Koji, an African asylum-seeking doctor, who is somewhat bewildered to find himself in a quiet town where everyone seems to know each other. At first glance, the pair seem to have very little in common, but both have a dogged determination to never back down on the strong opinions they both hold. In tonight’s episode, Kate faces a rollercoaster of emotions when she finds out she will be given a Lockdown Legends Award, but the good-feeling disappears when bitter enemy Councillor Bone presents her with the award. The first series averaged just shy of five million viewers across the UK when it first aired in 2020. Brenda, 75, has amassed a loyal following of fans in what has been a long and successful career, marked by a Golden Globe, a BAFTA Award and two Academy Award nominations. READ MORE: Demi Rose stuns fans as she risks wardrobe malfunction While Brenda remains in high demand, other big names in showbiz, like Meryl Streep and Cate Blanchett, have addressed the difficulties older women face finding roles. Brenda, too, addressed this and the prospect of retirement in a 2016 interview with The Mirror. She said: “I keep getting work — but it’s not deliberate. When a job comes up, you do it or you don’t. “But Vera has taken up about eight years now and there’s not much sign of it stopping. “I’ll be on a Zimmer by the time they put it to rest at this rate.” She added: “I think casting people forget what ‘acting’ means. “It doesn’t mean someone from a working class background can’t play someone well-to-do. “If you think like that, only those who have actually murdered could play murderers. DON'T MISS:'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [NEW]Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [LATEST]Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' [QUOTES] “Everyone deserves a fair crack of the whip, people should at least be given an audition to show themselves on ability.” With Brenda’s career now into its fifth decade, she has increasingly commented on the reality of getting older and letting her work slip away. Speaking to Express.co.uk in 2018, after the release of the eighth season of Vera, she admitted one of her greatest fears was “losing my independence”. She said: “I am married [to National Theatre art director Michael Mayhew] so I don’t mean it like that, but it’s more to do with the fact I might not physically or mentally be able to work. “I would hate not being able to handle my own affairs or take care of people who might need me.” Just like Vera, Brenda admitted she rarely looks in the mirror, and said she was fighting to ensure her thoughts did not get the better of her. She said: “I am one of those people who copes. “It’s how I have been brought up.” Born in Ramsgate, Kent, in 1946, Brenda was the youngest of nine children in a Roman Catholic, working class family. In 2016, she revealed that her family were very poor and they had just one tap in the whole house, but she looks back on that period of her life with fond memories. Speaking to The Guardian, she said: “We didn’t feel deprived. “It’s only when you look back and see what we have now that you think, ‘Lord, how on earth did my mother manage with all of us, with one tap in the house, one sink?’ “I said to her once, ‘Are we poor?’ She said, ‘No, we just don’t have any money.’” She added: “It was difficult. There were tough times. “But we got tons of affection. “You might be reprimanded severely for something, but there was laughter, cuddles, pride and support in equal measure.” Kate and Koji returns tonight at 9pm on ITV.