Dan Walker has been questioned by fans on Twitter for not correcting someone who claimed he and Sally Nugent are the “best presenter combination” on BBC Breakfast. Dan, 45, thanked the Twitter user, but forgot to mention his former co-star, Louise Minchin, 53. Twitter user Howellswales wrote: “There’s no doubt in my mind, @mrdanwalker and @sallynugent are the best presenter combination on @BBCBreakfast in a long time.” There was no mention of Louise Minchin, who left BBC Breakfast after having presented the show since 2001. The 45-year-old was grateful for the compliment and thanked Howellswales. Dan replied: “Thanks for watching Matt.” READ MORE: Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’ Clurgie replied to both tweets: “Hey what about @louiseminchin? I haven’t forgotten about her @mrdanwalker”. Dan’s other followers weren’t happy either. Many of them were also thinking about Louise, saying she was a great host. Twitter user Darbymike2 was one of the followers who agreed.  He said: “I think they are great but @louiseminchin was excellent.” Also, user Violas4 commented: “What about the lovely Louise Minchin? I thought she was ace!” A third, LauraFermandell, said she was a fan of Louise, but also enjoyed seeing Sally Nugent becoming a permanent presenter on BBC Breakfast. She said: “They are equally as awesome as @mrdanwalker and @louiseminchin were. DON’T MISS:'Shoot anything that f******g moved!' Noel Gallagher on WW3 fear [COMMENT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma [INSIGHT]Joanna Lumley left 'unable to speak' after mistakenly eating chillies [LATEST] "They chose a fabulous person to replace Louise in @sallynugent, the only fitting person for the job, love her!” Louise recently left BBC Breakfast after an impressive 20 years on the red sofa. She has gone on to launch several podcasts and has appeared on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here!. The journalist and TV presenter announced her departure in June last year and has since been replaced by Sally Nugent.  Elsewhere, the broadcaster said he was left “totally broken” after a reunion with his Strictly Come Dancing co-star, Nadiya Bychkova. The pair were rehearsing the Charleston, after competing in the 2021 series together, as a part of a special charity event to raise funds for Motor Neurone Disease Association (MND). The charity event took place on Saturday and was also attended by other celebs including professional dancer Katya Jones and her former Strictly partner, Ed Balls.