Transforming a property can be expensive, especially in face of a cost-of-living crisis, fuelled by material shortages and soaring energy costs. Many opt for hiring a professional to carry out renovation jobs, however, this can cost hundreds, if not thousands of pounds. Instead, homeowners can carry out certain jobs around the house themselves to cut the costs - it can be “easy”. For those who are already committed to renovating their home this year, or are in the middle of one, Scott Clay, distribution development manager at specialist lender Together, has shared his top tips to help renovate on a budget and cut down on costs. According to Scott, transforming living rooms can be “easy” and can be carried out at “a fraction of the cost” compared to hiring a professional. He said: “A coat of paint and some clever adhesives can transform your renovation plans overnight -at a fraction of the cost of professional interior redecoration. “Whether that involves you painting the front door with a funky colour, livening up floorboards with a coat of fresh white paint, or using adhesive panels or tiling to uplift your walls, floors, and kitchen splash backs – the possibilities are endless. “Using temporary designs means you’ll be able to switch up styles or choose different patterns or colours easily.” READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains Repairing entertaining areas can be expensive, but often it can be done through the power of upcycling. Scot said: “Whether it’s soft furnishings or appliances, a good clean may be all that's needed to return something to its former glory.” Other items can be given a new lease of life cheaply. He added: “For example, replacing a kitchen can cost thousands, and cupboard carcasses can make up a large chunk of the cost. “If you're happy with your kitchen's current layout, retain the carcasses and simply replace the doors and work surfaces to give your kitchen an entirely new look.” DON'T MISS: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Energy bill: ‘Ideal’ temperature to wash your clothes to save on bills [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 38p trick for cleaning toilet brushes [COMMENT] Even a new coat of paint can do wonders. The property expert also noted the importance of enhancing work spaces. With most households planning to hybrid work for the foreseeable, creating a dedicated at-home office has become a top priority. Scott said: “Together’s research found 20 percent of homeowners would sacrifice part of their garden to install outdoor offices. “For those needing the extra space but wanting to avoid the costs of a full extension, why not revamp the garden shed or save towards a summer house instead?” For those with garden spaces, the expert suggested installing stand-up desks, proper office chairs and optimum lighting. These are all simple ways to revitalise your space, ensuring you can keep motivated while working from home. Scott also suggested that homeowners go eco-friendly when buying materials. He said: “With supply chain shortages, materials can cost you pretty penny these days so make sure you’re doing your homework as to what’s available for the best price. “Additionally, you might be interested in eco-materials.” Together’s research found 30 percent of Britons are willing to decrease their electric and energy usage and a great way to do so is with eco-materials. For example, new technology using aerogel and mineral material can now be utilised in effectively insulating your home while driving energy costs down and doing your bit to cut your carbon footprint. If all else fails, homeowners could consider unfinished interiors for that rustic yet elegant charm. Scott explained: “Exposed interior brick or birch-faced ply won’t require any plaster work. “Not only will this save you costs on additional materials but also the extra fees of hiring a professional plasterer.”