In the UK, spring is a perfect time for slugs to emerge in their numbers, though they are generally present year-round. They are most active at night, on cloudy, damp or foggy days. Though these slimy creatures are harmless to humans, the same can not be said for your garden. They can cause huge problems in the garden, munching their way through leaves, flowers, stems and bulbs. Their versatile palate means they can cause damage to a wide variety of plants. In the spring, when new seedlings are emerging and plants are sprouting new growth, slugs pose particular harm. Many people used pesticides to get rid of slugs. Small repellent pellets can be scattered around vulnerable plants. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it However, they do carry a risk for other wildlife, pets and even children if eaten in quantity. For this reason, some people prefer to opt for organic repellents rather than chemical ones. Luckily, you don’t need to spend lots of money in order to keep your plants safe. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) eggshells can be used as a “barrier” to keep slugs away. DON'T MISSWho owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [EXPLAINER]Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio [INSIGHT]Lawn care: How to mow your lawn to promote ‘healthy growth’  [COMMENT] The RHS states: “Barriers, thought to repel slugs, include rough or sharp textured mulches and substances thought to be distasteful or strong smelling.” The sharp edges of eggshells make them the perfect deterrent when they are crushed up. However, before using them in the garden, you should make sure they are clean and dry. Any leftover residue within the egg could actually attract slugs, rather than keep them away. Before crushing up your eggshells, wash them thoroughly and, if possible, remove the membrane from the egg. There are a variety of tips for removing the membrane from avid gardeners online. Sharing in the HomeTalk forum, one gardener named Christine recommended leaving the eggshell in a container of warm soapy. After allowing it to soak, rinse the shells under clean water, rub away the membrane and set them aside to dry. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Once your eggshells are dry and clean, crush them up into shards. Then scatter these shards around the vicinity of your vulnerable plants. The theory is that as slugs crawl onto them, the sharp edges of the shell will cause them pain and act as a deterrent. However, eggshells become rapidly ineffective after rainfall, so this is a process which would likely need constant upkeep.