EE has a special treat for England football fans and has opened the EE 5G Superstore at Wembley Stadium during the England matches against Ivory Coast. It’s a unique experience that will allow fans to buy the new England home kit through AR. EE has launched a new experience and now football fans can visit the EE 5G Superstore at Wembley Stadium. The first superstore powered by augmented reality, shoppers will be guided by an avatar of England and Liverpool FC footballer, Trent Alexander-Arnold, as they walk through the store. Through EE’s 5G network, fans will be given smartphones and a headset, then are led by a guide through the virtual superstore. The experience allows for a more in-depth view of the England home kits and scarves and the AR technology allows customers to zoom in on fine details they wouldn’t get from online shopping. While the superstore is a small booth, there are several AR markers on the wall so fans can actually view a variety of clothing. England and Liverpool FC star, Trent Alexander-Arnold, said: “Being scanned at the volumetric studio to create my 5G powered avatar was like something from a sci-fi film. It was a really cool experience, and the final result looks great!” Pete Jeavons, Marketing Communications Director at EE, said: “The possibilities 5G technology offers are endless and what better way to drive this forward than by working with our long-standing partners at the FA and Wembley Stadium to give England fans the chance to buy their kit in a new and innovative way." After browsing products, shoppers can place an order and immediately pick it up, then they can pose for a selfie with a virtual Trent Alexander-Arnold before going to Wembley to watch the game. EE has been the lead partner of Wembley since 2014. Now, shoppers can buy the new iPhone SE with 5G technology. Plans are available from just £25 when you trade in and customers can also get six months free Apple Music, TV+, Apple Arcade and more. View plans here. Football fans can also buy the England home kit on the official England store online. They can buy jerseys with their favourite players on or customise their own name on. Buy a kit from the England home store here.