Ben Wallace has discussed the likely outcome of western nations imposing a no-fly zone over Ukraine with hosts on Good Morning Britain. The Defence Secretary warned that enforcing a no-fly zone would require NATO airforces to shoot down Russian jets triggering in all likelihood an all-out war with Russia in Europe. Mr Wallace told GMB: "I think, first of all, to put in a no-fly zone, you have to enforce it because the Russians wouldn't comply with it voluntarily. "And that would mean British, French German fighter jets enforcing it by shooting down Russian aircraft. They would retaliate they've got lots of anti-air missiles, etcetera. "That would trigger a NATO article five and under NATO those countries in NATO that's 30 nations will come to the aid of any member who triggers this Article 5 self-defence clause. "So very rapidly, we would go from a war in Ukraine to a war right across Europe, and indeed the United States and Canada as members of NATO, and a war against Russia as a state." JUST IN: READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG The Defence Secretary also told BBC Radio 4 that Russian troops had been deceived by their leaders and were suffering due to the lack of logistic support, meaning they were low on supplies and food. "We have definitely seen cases of very quick surrenders by Russian forces, we have seen lots of abandonment of incredible pieces of equipment," he told the Today programme on Wednesday. "That is what happens when your military leaders don't prepare you, lie to you or deceive you and also you base a military plan based on an arrogant assumption that you are the liberator." He rejected a suggestion that Russian deserters should be offered asylum in the West, saying: "I take the view that the best thing that Russian deserters can do is go back to Russia, tell the Russian people they are being deceived, tell the Russian people that their military leaders are causing huge amounts of unnecessary suffering and losses because of either incompetence or arrogance, and they can go back and tell the mothers, who are wondering where their thousands of disappeared sons are."  Mr Wallace said the UK was leading the way in supplying anti-air weapons to counter Russian jets. He told BBC Radio 4's Today: "There are two ways to achieve a no-fly zone. "One is the way that Britain has led the way in, which is arming the Ukrainians with anti-air capabilities, from the ground to the air, and the reason they are doing the bombing at night is because they can't - because of those weapon systems - the Russians cannot fly much in the day." It has previously been confirmed that the UK was supplying anti-tank weapons to the Ukrainians but officials have been reluctant to publicly state what other arms have been supplied. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] The Defence Secretary also said Russian forces would "ruthlessly pummel" cities. He told BBC Radio 4's Today: "What you have seen is the Russian pause on the outskirts and then ruthlessly pummel these cities with artillery and then hope to break the city." But he said Russia would face "years of resistance" if it sought to occupy Ukraine. Russian troops have entered Ukraine's second city Kharkiv following days of intensive bombardment, but Mr Wallace said Mr Putin's forces did not yet control it.