Formula 1 world champion Max Verstappen will not be present in Netflix’s acclaimed show Drive to Survive, and the decision highlights a key difference in attitude between himself and rival Lewis Hamilton. Netflix have announced the new season - the fourth of the incredibly successful docuseries - will be released on March 11. The dramatic, explosive and undeniably epic 2021 Formula 1 season is set to be revisited and further immortalised with the new season of the popular show. It is set to depict the astonishing season and its incredible highlights, which culminated in the controversial championship finale at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Mercedes and Hamilton were left seething after he was denied an unprecedented eighth world title. Fury was largely aimed at FIA race director Michael Masi after he decided to not allow cars to unlap themselves, as is tradition, only to change his mind with the cars between the two protagonists moving out of the way. The unprecedented move set up the final lap showdown between Hamilton and Verstappen - which saw the Dutchman overtake his rival and win his maiden world title. JUST IN: Max Verstappen issues threat to F1 rivals Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes Many of the key incidents during the season certainly included the duo - but Verstappen will not be present on the show despite securing his maiden title in such extraordinary circumstances. The Dutchman disagrees with the way in which the show overdramatises its portrayal of particular drivers, and will not appear in season four despite being present in the previous three seasons of the show. “I understand that it needs to be done to boost the popularity in America,” the 24-year-old told the Associated Press. “But from my side as a driver, I don’t like being part of it. DON'T MISSNikita Mazepin offered hope of keeping Haas seat and racing in BritainMcLaren boss slams 'brutal' Red Bull as Verstappen anomaly pointed outHelmut Marko blasts Lewis Hamilton for role in Michael Masi sacking “They faked a few rivalries which they don’t really exist. So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show. “I am not really a dramatic show kind of person, I just want facts and real things to happen.” It appears Hamilton meanwhile - unlike Verstappen - will feature in series four after appearing in the teasing trailer. The seven-time world champion is seen in the trailer talking about 'constant warfare', with many believing this is a reference to his enthralling title battle with Verstappen. The seven-time world champion has enjoyed a relatively quiet off0season since the controversial finale at the Yas Marina Circuit. Usually, Hamilton’s celebrity status has been a stark contrast to the focused, F1-centric approach of Verstappen. And it looks like their differences will be showcased once more as Hamilton appears on the Netflix show in his rival's notable absence. Hamilton is no stranger to the media spotlight, having been seen at several star-studded events down the years -  including recently at the glitzy and exclusive Met Gala back in September while he is often pictured out and about with other celebrities while donning designer clothing. In fact, Verstappen sent a shot to the Brit in July 2021 by insisting he only wants to spend time with friends and family, and 'wouldn't hang with celebs for his profile'. The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.