Costs are piling up in every direction, as the price of used cars accelerates too. Incredibly, many secondhand motors now cost more than they did when originally bought new. Even motor insurance is getting more expensive. Unleaded petrol is heading towards £2 a litre after the US and UK banned imports of Russian oil yesterday. There have been reports of long queues at the pump as desperate drivers fill up before prices rise even higher. The oil price has already hit $130 (£98) a barrel and could rise to $150 and beyond. On top of that, prices of some of Britain’s most popular new cars have shot up by more than a quarter over the past three years, new research by consumer champion HonestJohn.co.uk shows. It found widespread price hikes for some of Britain’s favourite cars from Ford, Vauxhall, Fiat and Nissan. In just one example, the popular Vauxhall Astra has jumped almost £5,000 to around £24,000. Households are already reeling from soaring home energy and food prices and the rising cost of motoring will only add to the pressure. Britons already spend a staggering £3,406 on their car every year, according to Nerd Wallet, but must brace themselves to spend more. How much you pay at the pump is partly depends on where you live, with one petrol station in Chelsea recently charging 219.50p. Using cheaper supermarket forecourts, checking local pump prices online at sites such as PetrolPrices.com and Confused.com/petrol-prices, and smoother driving can cut fuel costs. READ MORE: Six ways to boost fuel efficiency as petrol and diesel costs rise Motorists who have not changed their car in years face a further shock as the global computer chip shortage is hitting supply leading to long waiting lists, HonestJohn’s senior editor Dan Powell said. He warned: “It also means buyers will find it fiendishly difficult to negotiate much of a discount.” The starting price for the new Vauxhall Astra is now 26 percent higher than three years ago. It increased from £18,895 to £23,805 in that time, costing buyers an extra £4,910. The entry-level Nissan Qashqai jumped by a similar percentage, rising £4,960 to £24,555. A Ford Fiesta costs £3,355 more at £20,770, while a Fiat 500 is up £2,225 to £14,235. The Kia Sportage, Vauxhall Corsa, Peugeot 2008 and Volkswagen Golf have all risen by double digits over the last three years. Powell said these price jumps are eye-watering and buyers should avoid paying extra for tech they don't need. DON'T MISS:Crude cost spikes as Biden and Britain introduce Russian boycott [LATEST]Russia sanctions to cost Britons 'awful lot of money' to UK [WARNING]Wheat 'super spike' warning as prices set to rise [REVEAL] Powell also suggested seeking out pre-registered cars. "These are effectively surplus stock, sold cheaply to dealers who then register them before selling them on as ‘ex-demo’ or ‘delivery mileage’.” They may not be factory fresh but offer better value for money. “Usually, these vehicles will have a handful of miles on the clock and be priced much lower than the official list price. If you are not too fussy, this is probably your cheapest route into a 22-plate car," he said. Used car prices jumped by an incredible £3,400 between last May and November to £17,366, a rise of 28 percent, according to Auto Trader. Incredibly, one in four used cars under a year old is now worth more than a brand new equivalent, as the shortage of new vehicles drives up the price of old ones, too. Car insurance premiums have risen by £76 in the last year to £689 on average, according to Comparethemarket. However, the cheapest premium typically available is £570, so drivers can save £119 by switching at renewal.