Manchester United's summer transfer plans may have taken a hit after Bayern Munich reportedly launched a bid for Ajax teenager Ryan Gravenberch. The Dutchman is one of Mino Raiola's numerous high-profile clients, and the super agent could build on his past run-ins with the Red Devils by pushing through a move to Germany. Midfield reinforcements will be high on the summer priority list with Paul Pogba into the final few weeks of his contract. Prospects of signing a new deal appear to be dwindling, which could see the former world record signing leave for free. Pogba has struggled to maintain momentum in a United shirt which has strained his relationship with the fans. The player's agent, Raiola, has also stoked the flames with eyebrow-raising public comments on the Frenchman's future. In 2020, Raiola stated that his client was not happy and needed to leave the club. Former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer accused him of stirring the pot in a tense war of words. JUST IN: Barcelona humiliate Real Madrid to prove they're back as Aubameyang fires double  This coming summer Raiola, who boasts clients such as Erling Haaland, Matthijs de Ligt and Gianluigi Donnarumma, could twist the knife at Old Trafford again. The Red Devils have reportedly been monitoring Gravenberch who, to avoid leaving Ajax for free, is set to seek an exit at the end of the season when he will have one year remaining on his contract. The 19-year-old midfielder has been a regular fixture in Amsterdam over the past two seasons and has already racked up 10 senior caps for the Netherlands. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Arsenal boss Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing vs Aston Villa [COMMENT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES] Bayern Munich are also firmly in the hunt, however, and supposedly hold the distinct advantage of being the player's preferred destination. Concerningly for United, Raiola has strong connections in Bavaria which could see the deal progress quickly at their expense. Transfer insider Fabrizio Romano claims that Raiola is already engaged in talks with Bayern over the player's personal terms. A £21million bid has allegedly been launched, and while Ajax are set to hold out for more, talks are expected to continue over the coming days and weeks.  Losing out on Gravenberch and Pogba would be a painful double whammy for United who, once again, could fall victim to their strained relationship with Raiola. Not only could the super-agent oversee the latter's exit in a few weeks' time, but he could also take a key replacement option off the market if Gravenberch's Bayern move progresses. Meanwhile, Ralf Rangnick and co will have to scour the market for alternative options as a daunting summer rebuild lies ahead.