The Government is proposing to raise the age that people automatically benefit from free NHS prescriptions from 60 to 66 inline with the state pension. However, millions of Britons could get free prescriptions depending on their health needs and financial situation. More than two million more people could be asked to pay for their medication if Government plans to bring the benefit in line with the state pension age get the green light. It’s more bad news for people who are already struggling to make ends meet amid the soaring cost of living. Campaigners are urging Britons to check they are receiving all the state benefits they are entitled to. People on state benefits including Universal Credit, Pension Credit and working tax credits could be making savings with free NHS prescriptions. READ MORE: PIP claimants urged to claim 10 freebies that could save thousands Millions of people who receive this Government help should receive a certificate through the post which shows they are exempt. If they haven’t, they can apply for an exemption certificate on the NHS website. It could save them hundreds of pounds over the course of 12 months - even more if they are also entitled to free dental care and glasses. As a rough guide - families whose income does not exceed £15,276 would usually qualify for this extra help. DON'T MISS:State pensioners could be eligible for extra £358 a month [UPDATE]‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze [INSIGHT]PIP claimants urged to claim 10 freebies that could save thousands [ALERT]   Who qualifies for free NHS prescriptions? People who don’t qualify for help could still make savings by purchasing a Prepayment Certificate (PPC). This would save someone £40 a year if they rely on one prescription per month. If they need two prescriptions per month, they could save £113.60 a year. There’s the option of purchasing a three month or 12 month certificate. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A Department for Health and Social Care spokesperson said lots of people are exempt from paying for their prescriptions. They said: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age.” To check one’s eligibility for free prescriptions - people can use the NHS free prescription eligibility checker tool.