This afternoon, the Government launched a sponsorship scheme Homes for Ukraine, which allows people and organisations the opportunity to give Ukrainians fleeing the war a place to stay. Those opting in will receive a tax-free monthly payment of £350, which will not affect benefit entitlements or council tax status. Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government Michael Gove, who announced the initiative, confirmed there will be no limit to the number of Ukrainians to be offered a home in Britain. Ukrainians will be able to live and work in the UK for up to three years under the scheme, with “full and unrestricted access to benefits, healthcare, employment, and other support”. Speaking in the House of Commons, Mr Gove said the number of Ukrainians now arriving in the UK is "rapidly increasing", and the numbers will "grow even faster from tomorrow", adding that the "unfailingly compassionate British public wants to help further". He said: "Today we are answering that call with the announcement of a new sponsorship scheme, Homes For Ukraine.  READ MORE: Refugees will find safe haven in British homes - EXPRESS COMMENT   "The scheme will allow Ukrainians with no family ties to the UK to be sponsored by individuals or organisations who can offer them a home. "The scheme will be open to all Ukrainian nationals and residents." The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has since clarified that the scheme will be open to Ukrainian nationals and immediate family members who were residents prior to January 1 - but does not include residents who are not Ukrainian nationals as an eligible group. The Homes for Ukraine scheme will allow individuals, charities, community groups and businesses in the UK to bring Ukrainians to safety – including those with no family ties to the UK.  Phase one of the Homes for Ukraine scheme will open on Friday, March 18. Sponsors in the UK will be asked to nominate a named Ukrainian or a named Ukrainian family to stay with them in their home or in a separate property. You will be asked to fill in and submit a visa application, including both their details and your own. If you don’t know anyone personally fleeing Ukraine, you can register your interest in being a sponsor on the Homes for Ukraine website, which went live today (Monday, March 24). DON'T MISS:  Will interest rates go up in 2022? Russia war sends economic 'shock' [EXPLAINEDChernobyl crisis: Ukraine on red alert as plant loses power [INSIGHT]Have your say: Has the UK reacted well to Ukraine's refugee crisis? [HAVE YOUR SAY]     You can also get in touch with charities, faith groups, or local community organisations who are starting to make connections between individuals. UK sponsors can be "of any nationality with any immigration status, provided they have at least six months leave to remain within the UK" and will need to provide accommodation for a "minimum of six months". Sponsors will receive a tax-free monthly payment of £350. If you want to become a sponsor, you should have a residential spare room or separate self-contained accommodation that is unoccupied. The accommodation must be available for at least six months, fit for people to live in, and suitable for the number of people to be accommodated.  You are not expected to provide meals or cover living expenses. However, you can offer this if you are able to. According to the United Nations, more than 2.8 million refugees have fled war-torn Ukraine so far, as Russia continues its unrelenting invasion. The European Union (EU) has granted Ukrainians who flee the war a blanket right to stay and work throughout the 27 nations for up to three years. The EU believes the total number of refugees could reach seven million. Mr Gove reported that 1,500 people had registered for the scheme in under an hour of the website going live, adding that he hopes the first Ukrainians to receive support under the project will arrive within a week. 