Jordana Rutherford was just 17 when William Weir knocked her unconscious during a violent assault at the Citizen M hotel in central Glasgow. The terrifying ordeal has caused Jordana to attempt to take her own life in the two years since. Now she has warned other women about domestic abuse and how she was "brainwashed" by Weir. Jordana, now 20, said: "What I went through that night was absolutely terrifying. "The situation itself was horrible, but mentally and physically I'm still damaged. I still have nightmares about what happened in that room. "I've been left with a massive scar on my head, that is a daily reminder of what he did to me. "I honestly thought I loved William. But now I know it wasn't love. Our relationship was toxic. It was constant arguments and fights." Weir, 22, awaits sentencing after being found guilty of assault on March 3. Glasgow Sheriff Court heard he battered Jordana following an argument at the hotel in November 2019 and she's since experienced panic attacks. Recalling the ordeal, the victim said: "He had slapped and pushed me a few times before, but he was always so apologetic and said it would never happen again. "Sadly I believed him. He had total control over me. "Looking back I know he controlled me. I was brainwashed by him. "He was manipulative and aggressive. He told me who I could and couldn't see and I allowed it to happen. I was young and naïve and I just wish I had listened to the people around me who told me I deserved better."   Weir pushed Jordana on the body, pulled her hair and struck her on the head, Daily Record reports. The thug, from Larkhall, South Lanarkshire, caused Jordana to lose consciousness and to suffer permanent disfigurement. Jordana, who is a shop assistant, was found unconscious in the hotel room and was rushed to hospital. "We had been at a concert and I actually watched him kiss someone else right in front of me. He was so drunk and being really disrespectful," Jordana added. "I left on my own and headed back to the hotel. "A wee while later he came back too. After me telling him I didn't want to be with him anymore he got so aggressive. "He first of all said he was going to kill himself, but after his pathetic attempts failed, he turned on me. "I bent down to help him take his shoe off and he pushed me across the room. I only weighed six stone at the time so I went flying. "The next thing I know he was on top of me pulling my hair and then he hit me on the head with something. "He knocked me out. I don't know what else he did to me when I was unconscious but, when I woke up, I was covered in blood and in agony. "It was so indented in my nose that they had to go inside and pick it out. "The massive cut on my head needed stitches. I had black eyes, my lip had been burst and was so swollen and I had a cut at the side of my eye. I was so scared. "The police and paramedics were there, but he was nowhere to be seen. He had fled before they arrived apparently." Jordana is now warning other people of the dangers of being in a 'toxic' relationship. She said: "I’m sharing my story for no other reason but to pray that what happened to me may prevent this from happening to other girls. Those red flags, take them seriously. "The nights when they get too drunk and then scream and push you. Take it seriously girls and boys, please. "Domestic abuse is far too common these days, but I promise you are not alone, and it does get better. "It's been a long few years waiting for him to pay for what he did to me, so I'm just so relieved that he was found guilty. I've been branded a liar and now people know what he did and who he really is." Weir was released on bail and will be sentenced on April 4. 