Lorraine Kelly, 62, has issued a warning about her fondness for getting "in trouble" after a fan sent her a post expressing a personal request. The star responded with a joke and was met with some humour by fans. The tweet was sent out in full view of Lorraine’s 688,300 followers. @Emmaa23Emmaa wrote that she wished Lorraine was her aunt. She said: “Random thoughts. I would love Lorraine Kelly to be my auntie !!! "@reallorraine how about it ?” READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? The star replied with agreement, but also warned the Twitter user that she would prove to be a wild and reckless relative. Lorraine wrote: “OK Emma - but I would be the kind of Aunty to take you out boozing and getting us both in trouble with all sorts of malarkey.” Fans and followers of Lorraine jumped on to the post to share their thoughts on the subject. @Katsitter said: “We all have that Auntie we'd call if we needed 'bailing out of jail' “I'd say you could well be the one!!” @Emmaa23Emmaa responded, saying: “Bang up for this what's the tipple of your choice ?” @Polly116 wrote: “I think you might need to get a coach because I want to come. “I’m sure I won’t be the only one!” DON’T MISS:Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [COMMENT]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT] @Tj1071 penned: “Would love a night out with @reallorraine would probably need a few spare tena ladies in my bag as I'm sure there would be a lot of laughs and drinks.” Lorraine recently spoke up to Express.co.uk about how she went from a size 10 to a size 14 over lockdown . She explained that it was due to a night-time habit with her husband that was “part of the downfall". The journalist has teamed up with Weight Watchers to get her “va va voom back.” She described the nighttime habit as the “chocolate plate". “I think the pandemic made all of us a bit like that. “I know a lot of people used it as an opportunity to get really fit and honestly I’m in awe. “But for me? No, I just ate far too much rubbish. “Every night, me and my husband would share a chocolate plate and every night it got bigger and bigger and that was at 7 o’clock at night and that’s not good.”