Lewis Hamilton has criticised his Mercedes team for putting him on a bad strategy in today’s Bahrain Grand Prix. Hamilton pitted on lap 12 of the race to switch to the hard tyres, the first to stop in the race. However, Hamilton moaned at the decision, making his thoughts clear on team radio. He said: “That was a really early stop.” The seven-time champion struggled coming out of the pits, almost sliding off at Turn One. He was then overtaken by the Alfa Romeo of Zhou Guanyu as he battled with a lack of grip. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton calls Max Verstappen 'ruthless'  Mercedes have struggled all weekend with Hamilton only qualifying fifth yesterday. He got past Sergio Perez at the start of the race but was overtaken within laps as Red Bull showed their pace. Hamilton was forced into another early pitstop for the soft compound on lap 28. His race engineer then warned him to not push the tyres too much in the early part of the stint. On Sky Sports F1, Ted Kravitz said the hard tyre gamble "didn't work" for the Briton. Hamilton had predicted Mercedes would struggle to keep up with the race leaders yesterday. He said: “Those guys ahead of us are on another level at the moment but there’s a lot to play for tomorrow at the start and with strategy so I hope I can at least stay with them and stay in the fight. “We’re not quick enough to win but I told you that before the weekend. It was looking like we were further behind last week, we’ve made some improvements and we’re closer, so I’m proud of what we’ve achieved and where we’ve got to. DON'T MISSFerrari boss fires warning to max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Christian Horner has Lewis Hamilton fear despite Mercedes issues [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton and Russell's main problem highlighted by Coulthard [COMMENT] “I hope we’ll make another step next week and bit by bit, we’ll hunt those guys down. “The improvements come from our collective efforts, we’re working as hard as we can and I know it’s a long, long way to go but I love a challenge."