Even if you don’t think you’re at high risk of stroke, a stroke strikes every five minutes in the UK. So, knowing the symptoms of the deadly attack could save a life. You may have heard of the FAST acronym to help you remember the main symptoms of stroke, but these aren’t the only symptoms you need to be aware of. Here are the five less common signs to be taken seriously. A stroke can happen to anyone of any age, at any time. While there are some things that increase your risk of stroke (smoking, high blood pressure, obesity, diabetes, high cholesterol, excessive alcohol intake, lack of exercise and stress), it’s not possible to completely prevent strokes. You can’t totally rule out a stroke either. For example, you’re more likely to have a stroke over the age of 55, but a quarter of strokes happen to younger people. Knowing how to spot the signs of a stroke in yourself or someone else and what to do is vital. READ MORE- How many paracetamols are dangerous according to experts Stroke is always a medical emergency, so you need to ring 999 immediately and ask for an ambulance if you suspect you or someone else is having a stroke. The FAST test can help you recognise the four most common signs.  Making sure you and your loved ones all know the FAST test is a great way to be prepared for a stroke incident, but these aren’t the only signs of stroke. According to the Stroke Association, you should always take the following symptoms seriously too: DON'T MISS...Sleeping with a hot water bottle: Plastic surgeon warning [INFORMER]Heart disease: Hair loss may be linked to an increased risk [INSIGHT]Cancer: Can eating tinned tomatoes affect your risk? [EXPLAINER] If you experience any of these symptoms, call 999 straight away (even if they’re not accompanied by the FAST test symptoms). If the symptoms disappear while you’re waiting for the ambulance, it’s still important to go to the hospital for an assessment. Acting quickly will give the person having a stroke the best chance of survival and recovery. Ambulance paramedics are trained in treating strokes and will ensure the person receives emergency medical care and specialist treatment.