Pierre Gasly has been warned that he he faces a fight if he wants to take the second seat at Red Bull away from Sergio Perez. The Mexican will partner champion Max Verstappen again this year after impressing enough in his debut campaign, but his place going forward is by no means secure. Perez was offered a lifeline by Red Bull just as it looked like his career in Formula 1 might be in doubt. Racing Point – now known as Aston Martin – announced that he would be leaving at the end of the 2020 season, and at that point he had no other seat lined up for the following season. When he won the Sakhir Grand Prix in December that year, his first victory in F1, it looked as though a terrific talent and now a race winner would be leaving the sport. But Red Bull, who were not happy with Alex Albon's performances during his 18 months as Verstappen's team-mate, brought him in. He managed another Grand Prix win in his debut year with his new team, crossing the line first in Baku after Verstappen, who had been leading that race, crashed out. That, plus his heroics in slowing Lewis Hamilton down in the Abu Dhabi finale, helped to earn him extra time in the seat. JUST IN: Mercedes rivals knew controversial sidepod design was a flop last year It was during his good work in the season finale – he helped Verstappen to close the gap on his title rival with an impressive dogfight against the Mercedes racer – when he laid down the gauntlet for anyone who wants to take his place with Red Bull away from him. "I was happy that it made a difference for Max because this is my team and this is the shirt that I’m wearing and I will do anything for it," he told the Independent. That statement feels almost like a direct challenge to AlphaTauri ace Gasly, who has made no secret of the fact he wants that place. The Frenchman has been with Red Bull before, of course. His ill-fated spell with AlphaTauri's sister team lasted for just half-a-season, as he struggled with the pressure which came with the role. His replacement, Albon, lasted longer but had a similarly insignificant impact on the team. While Albon spent a year out of the sport in 2021 – he will return with Williams this season – Gasly moved back to the sister team when his Red Bull dream was cut short. Ever since, he has done nothing but impress and show lightning pace to help take the team to new heights. DON'T MISS:Martin Brundle brutally dismisses Red Bull star Sergio PerezLewis Hamilton fires ominous warning to Max Verstappen Red Bull chief feels let down by F1 officials on missed 'opportunity' Gasly has been a regular fixture inside the top 10 over the past two seasons, and also scooped his own maiden race win in 2020 by beating Carlos Sainz to the chequered flag in the Italian Grand Prix. Some fans have called for his performances to be rewarded with a second bite at the Red Bull cherry. The racer himself wants that too. He was frustrated when the opportunity didn't come along for this year, telling reporters: "I won’t lie, it’s hard to deliver a season like that. And then when I compare myself to those who got the opportunity for a Red Bull seat, it’s disappointing. Based on the numbers and results, I have delivered a better performance than anyone else in this team." He has also revealed that he has had talks with team adviser Helmut Marko over a potential return, indicating that Red Bull are open to the possibility of giving him a second chance. Helmut [Marko] has already said it, so it's no secret anymore that after this year I still have one year left on my contract," he said. "Then it is clear: either we make the step to Red Bull or not." His contract situation means this is likely the make-or-break season for Gasly's career with Red Bull. Poor performances will not likely convince Christian Horner, but if he ccontinues to impress he has every chance. However, if Perez steps up his game in 2022, there might be nothing the Frenchman can do to dislodge him from that seat. 