MEP Guy Verhofstadt has voiced support for the European Union to form a "united EU military" in the face of Russian aggression in Ukraine. Mr Verhofstadt told LBC that the crisis in Ukraine has highlighted a "lack of unity" between member states on military matters and the MEP called for the creation of a European Defence Union. Mr Verhofstadt told LBC: "The war in Ukraine shows very well, the weakness of Europe and the European Union and the lack of unity in certainly in the military. "Because we have not to forget that Europe is more or less spending 240 Billion Euro a year on military, the Russians 60 Billion euro a year on the military. "So we are spending four times more but that's not what you see in reality. "So there is an enormous duplication inside the European Union. So I think that the European Defence Union as a pillar, a European pillar of NATO would make sense in the future as one of the lessons of this crisis."  He added: "Today, NATO is still, in fact, an alliance of nations individual nations and I think it's clear there's also the thinking in more and more democratic circles in the United States that we need a North Atlantic Treaty Organisation that's based on blocks on a North American block on the European bloc, solid European bloc. "With less duplication with more efficiency and that is, in my opinion, even more important than increasing the so-called military budgets, everybody is talking of the need to increase it to two percent. "But what does it mean if every military budget in every member state is going up to two percent? You're still continuing the duplication with more than 100 different military systems "When the Americans have only 20 or 30 different military systems and equipment."  Turning to Brexit, the MEP described Britain's exit for the EU as a "loss for the world" "I'm still continuing to think that in a world, as we see it today, with the aggression of Russia, would have been stronger today if the UK was part of the EU - that I'm pretty sure," Mr Verhofstadt told LBC host Nick Ferrari. "Brexit was a loss for everybody, for Britain and also for the European Union. "We never know what will happen, Nick, in the future."  Asked if Prime Minister Boris Johnson was doing a "good job" regarding Russia and Ukraine, Mr Verhofstadt replied" "I don't think he is doing a good job when you are taking in only 4,000 people. "Secondly, my fear is on the oligarchs as well. Everybody knows that oligarchs have a lot of their wealth here in London. "And then I see, for example, the images from yesterday when there was one building in London occupied and they sent half the Met police to it. For what, in fact? If you're an individual and you can't enter in your house because there is somebody in I don't think half of the Met police in London will come to your rescue. "I'm very disappointed by that because it's clear that cutting the oligarchs off from their assets - here in London but also in the rest of Europe - is one of the key sanctions we have to take to stop Putin."