Defence Secretary Ben Wallace gave an unfortunate warning, that the battle may not be over for years to come due to Russian President Vladimir Putin's plans not going the way he wanted. Putin expected a full surrender from Ukraine and their troops and has been met with the opposite, Ukrainians have been fighting back with full force. Mr Wallace explained that Putin thought he could come in and overthrow the Ukrainian Government and implement a Government that is pro-Russia. LBC host Nick Ferrari said: "How long is this likely to go on Secretary of State?" Mr Wallace said: "I wouldn't like to predict, Nick the Russians would have thought a few weeks ago that this would have lasted a few days. "And then a longer extended period while they sort out the population... While is probably quite a creepy manner of you know de-Nazifying as they called it and all sorts of connotations. "But I think they would have presumed that the battle or phase would have been a few days. JUST IN: Russian tank purposely swerves into car to crush civilian in horror attack - VIDEO     Mr Wallace added: "The sort of occupying where they put in a puppet government, would have taken three or four weeks. "I think this is going to take a very, very long time, and I think the lessons for are in history. "Chechnya the Soviet Union in Afghanistan." Putin has caused shock and terror by putting his nuclear weapons on high alert.  READ MORE: 'Thought we were saving you' Putin under threat as Russians growing wary of propaganda    Putin has been doing military exercises with his nuclear weapons as well, with Belarusian President Lukashenko watching on in support. The Russian dictator threatening Nuclear warfare would devastate the world. In a statement provided by a Russian state media agency TASS, Putin said: “Senior officials of the leading NATO countries also allow aggressive statements against our country, therefore I order the Minister of Defense and the Chief of the General Staff [of the Russian Armed Forces] to transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty.” Russia Foreign Minister, Sergey Lavrov has blamed the conflict fully on Ukraine. Mr Lavrov claimed Ukraine had been trying to acquire nuclear weapons which caused a reaction from Moscow to put theirs on high alert, despite seizing Ukraine's nuclear weapons in the 90s and offering to protect Ukraine if they handed them over. Mr Lavrov said: "Today the dangers that [Ukrainian President] Zelensky's regime pose for neighbouring countries and international security, in general, have increased substantially after the authorities set up in Kyiv have embarked upon dangerous games related to plans to acquire their own nuclear weapons." Mr Lavrov added: "Ukraine still has Soviet nuclear technologies and the means of delivery of such weapons. "We cannot fail to respond to this real danger." 