Joe Wicks, 36, otherwise known as The Body Coach, shared a candid update with fans on Monday where he admitted that working late at night has left him eating more. The fitness trainer shared a clip to his Instagram story in which he enjoyed a cheese board and confessed staying up longer left him wanting “more food”. He told his 4.3m followers: “I’m at it again.“This is the thing, look, quarter to 11, I’ve been up working. I’ve got loads of stuff to sort out before I head to America on Friday.“It will get you. Late nights will get you because I just eat. I just can’t, I just have to eat more.“If I’m awake longer I want more food. READ MORE:Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis “I’m on the cheese and biscuits and the old chilli jam.“I have done four already, I have got four to go, that’s eight! Ugh!”The following morning, Joe shared a candid fitness tip for his followers who may be struggling to find the motivation to exercise.The coach said: “A little reminder that sometimes you won’t want to exercise. But if you can just get started, you will feel awesome afterwards. “Fitter, stronger, more energy, happier.”Joe then added in the caption: “You never regret a workout.”Hundreds of his followers took to the comments to thank him for the helpful message.Amy replied: “I needed to hear this! Have not done anything for one week.” DON'T MISSOur Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen bans visitors to Ravenseat Farm[LATEST]Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet[INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh 'rolls eyes' at ex-GMB colleague's 'life changing' update[NEWS] Tom said: “This is so hard but so true!”And Louise added: “[Me] today. So, I really need to push myself out the door.”It comes after Joe opened up about his weight gain in what appears to be an expired Instagram story.In photos obtained by MailOnline, Joe posed in front of a mirror and explained he had relaxed his diet and exercise regime in recent weeks, but did not specify how much weight he had put on. He said: “I've been eating chocolate cakes and biscuits every day, three bacon sandwiches for breakfast, hash browns and beans. It’s not very good when I’m the Body Coach, is it?”Joe became the “nation’s PE teacher” during lockdown thanks to his virtual workouts which aimed to keep the whole family active.He won a Guinness World Record in 2020 for the most viewers on a fitness live stream.The same year he was awarded an MBE in the 2020 Birthday Honours for services to fitness and charity. Express.co.uk has contacted Joe's representatives for comment.