AJ Odudu, 34, and Kai Widdrington, 26, were all smiles after the dancing duo reunited this week. The Strictly Come Dancing stars reached the final of the BBC competition but the duo were forced to pull out of the show after AJ suffered a foot injury. The pair struck up a friendship while on the show but were unable to perform together and AJ also did not take part in the Strictly tour. The amateur dancer was forced to pull out of the show’s final back in December after she tore a ligament in her right ankle. The injury left her unable to walk at first and, while the star tried to persevere, medical professionals told her that she would not be able to compete. At the time, the presenter admitted that she was “deeply upset” at the time, adding that her experience with Kai was something that she would “treasure forever”. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reacts as Sharon Osbourne joins him after Meghan row The duo has since reunited after they met up in Scotland to film a Strictly special for the popular game show, The Hit List. Taking to her Instagram stories this week, AJ shared a sweet snap of the dancing duo. In view of her 228,000 followers, she captioned the photo: "Reunited for a Strictly Special of The Hitlist. Coming soon to @BBCONE." In the snap, the pair can be seen posing together, with Kai's hand around AJ's waist as she rests her hands on the dancer's shoulder.  AJ stunned in the photo, as the on-screen star sported a silver sequinned top and high-waisted green trousers which she teamed with a pair of heels. Kai looked dapper as he rocked a dark grey suit. The Strictly duo often spoke out about their special bond together. Back in December, as they announced their withdrawal from the final, Kai said of AJ: "The last 12 weeks with AJ have been amazing, she has been the perfect student, hardworking, dedicated and talented and I am sending her all my love and best wishes for a quick recovery. DON'T MISS... Kirstie Allsopp cries amid Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's return to UK[LATEST]Monty Don stuns fans as host unveils surprise item he refuses to own[TWITTER]Jane Seymour, 71, flashes abs in sports bra amid ageless appearance[PICTURES] "I truly have made a friend for life in her." He later added: "We may not be able to dance for the glitterball, but boy did we work our socks off to get this far. @ajodudu I truly am the proudest partner in the world and Thank you for all the special memories that we now share." Of their connection, AJ said at the time: "We both like to work hard, but we both like to have a laugh as well. "We both have the shared goal, I think it's just those things that are the basis of a strong connection." AJ made it to the final, and was tipped to win the show. However, she had to pull out after suffering a nasty ankle injury left her on crutches and unable to dance. She announced her withdrawal from the competition on December 17, 2021 after she was pictured hobbling to her last rehearsal. She said: “I’m deeply upset that I am unable to perform in the final due to a torn ligament in my right ankle. Learning to dance over the last 13 weeks has been an incredible honour and to do it alongside someone as special, patient and devoted as Kai [Widdrington] is something I’ll treasure forever."