 Brent crude oil is currently priced at $120.99 per barrel, down from a peak of $127.98 at the beginning of March. Just over a week ago, Brent crude oil prices hovered near their lowest levels in the last month at $98.2 per barrel.   The news comes after the Chancellor of the Exchequer presented his spring statement, which included a 5p cut to fuel duty, to MPs on Wednesday. The fuel duty announcement has been lauded as a success by Rishi Sunak. Mr Sunak said: “Not by one, not even by two, but by 5p per litre. "The biggest cut to all fuel duty rates – ever.” The announcement is also just the second time in two decades in which the Government have cut the levy.   Fuel duty costs make up over a third of the price per litre of petrol and VAT tax is added on top of the bill. Data shows that the Government have made an estimated £1,000 per household or a collective £28billion from fuel duty. The changes come after mounting pressure on the Government to address the increasing cost of living crisis which has been exacerbated by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the UK’s sanctions on Russia. In his statement, the Chancellor vowed to “stand by” and help the British people deal with the crisis. READ MORE:Prince William pays tribute to Windrush generation during Jamaica trip  However, the Petrol Retailers Association declared the cut was “not comprehensive enough to reduce the burden on motorists”. They added: “Other European countries have gone further: for example, Ireland has cut duty by 17p, leaving our members in Northern Ireland are at a comprehensive disadvantage as they are unable to compete with prices across the border. “Oil prices have risen again today, meaning that rising prices will see the 5p cut cancelled out almost immediately. "While the Chancellor was speaking, the price of Brent crude went up by $6 a barrel.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Are you happy with Rishi Sunak's Spring Statement? (POLL)Jet2: Which passengers can take a cabin bag? (INSIGHT)Kate Middleton is 'confident' on tour while William is 'more cautious' (ANALYSIS)  The RAC has declared that the 5p reduction will make fuel cheaper for a 55-litre tank by £3.30. In addition, oil used for central heating will not be alleviated by the fuel tax cut and so those paying for oil to heat their homes will continue to pay 11p per litre. Lynley Gregory told ITV that with approximately 1.7million households relying on heating their homes with oil, many “will feel left out and let down” by the Chancellor. 