New satellite video footage of Ukrainian troops blowing up Russian weapons in Ukraine has been circulating the net. Ukrainian troops are seen wiping out one of Russia's 2S19 Msta howitzer divisions in a dramatic fashion. Ukrainian troops pumped up on morale have continued to defend their country, with the help of weapons sent in from NATO member countries. A video posted by @ArmedForcesUKr shows satellite footage showing Ukrainian servicemen from the 93rd Cold Yar Brigade completing a successful mission. The Russian military forces made a mistake dumping and storing their unused expensive weapons on Ukrainian railway tracks. Ukrainian drone footage located the weapons and used what appears to be aimed missiles to blow them up. The night footage shows florescent patches of land lit up by the fires from the aftermath of bombing by Ukrainian troops. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG   Balls of smoke can be seen pillaring up into the night's sky. Users on the social media platform Twitter have been reacting to the footage. @pedigreee21 said: "Yeeeeeeeeeeeeees Glory to heroes Ukrainian hero." @efero_patricia said: "Patriots of the Ukraine. Be proud. We respect and love you." @Rodandole said: "let's go to Ukraine !! Death to those damned who think they own the planet. greetings from Colombia, complete admiration for the strong and worthy Ukrainian army." READ MORE: 'Recipe for failure' £120million Festival of Brexit blasted as 'vague and shape-shifting' @MajorGadget said: "Great job, Russian losses are crazy lately. I'm sure the point where one of their fronts collapses completely is close by now." @JosephG87063769 said: "Good thermals!" @ZzzuperAdrian said: "Nice! I believe occupiers were grilled very well." @MattONe70354673 said: "I thought I was a pacifist, but I love these drones, Slava Ukraini." DON’T MISS: Ukraine horror as Russian troops take HUNDREDS hostage in Mariupol hospitalOil price crash: Relief for UK motorists as oil prices fall below $100 - 'Under-priced!'Five children as young as 12 arrested over horror stabbing of teenager in daylight brawl    Russia does have one of the largest nuclear arsenals and fears of Russia using them have been growing. Russian servicemen have already used thermobaric weapons in Ukraine, and fears have been expressed by global political leaders that they may use biological ones. A senior US administration official has claimed that there are currently “deep concerns” over Xi Jinping's alignment with Putin. The official said: “We are communicating privately and directly to China our concerns about what kind of support other countries might be providing to Russia.”  The official added:  “Russia has its own potential to continue the operation which is unfolding in accordance with the plan and will be completed on time and in full.”