The Prime Minister has forged a close relationship with the Ukrainian leader, speaking to him regularly by phone. And Mr Zelensky warned that France will not send more weapons “because they are afraid of Russia” and that Germany “are making a mistake today” as it tries to take a balanced approach due to their deeper economic ties with Moscow. Mr Zelensky said yesterday: “Britain is definitely on our side. It is not performing a balancing act. “Britain sees no alternative for the way out of the situation. Britain wants Ukraine to win and Russia to lose. “Johnson is a leader who is helping more. The leaders of countries react according to how their constituents act. In this case, Johnson is an example.” The Ukrainian President put foreign nations into categories, ranging from those who want the conflict to end quickly by any means so they can keep access to Russian markets to those supporting the Ukrainian people who “want the war to end quickly at any cost”. Asked why Macron had ruled out the supply of tanks to Ukraine, he replied: “Because they are afraid of Russia. And that’s it. And those who say it first are the first to be afraid.” Germany was “trying to be balanced” over the war, he said. “They have a long relationship with Russia and they are looking at the situation through the prism of the economy. They help out at times. I think they are trying to adjust to the situation as it develops. They are also looking at how the situation affects their own country.” Dividing Ukraine’s allies into groups with different interests, the Ukrainian leader added: “There are those in the West who don’t mind a long war because it would mean exhausting Russia, even if this means the demise of Ukraine and comes at the cost of Ukrainian lives,” he said. “This is definitely in the interests of some countries.” He suggested that Britain might be in this category. “I’m not ready to say whether Britain wants the war to drag on or not,” he said. “For other countries, it would be better if the war ended quickly, because Russia’s market is a big one that their economies are suffering as a result of the war. “They would like to see Russia keep certain markets. “Other truly wealthy countries recognise Nazism in Russia and definitely want Ukraine to be victorious,” he added. Without naming them, he said that there were smaller strong supporters of Ukraine who wanted the war to stop whatever the cost “because people come first”. He mentioned a final category of pro-Russian states in Europe. Mr Zelensky added: “We have to speak about concrete things, about concrete months, maybe something about years, maybe something to decide now, maybe to talk if we can’t find a decision and agree not to fight about it. That is my philosophy. “He has to understand what is going on and we have to understand each other, if it’s possible. It’s not about respect, about love, or something else. It’s not about feelings. It’s very concrete. “I don’t think he visualises in his own mind the same Ukraine we see. He sees Ukraine as a part of his world, his worldview, but that doesn’t correspond with what’s happened over the last 30 years. I don’t think Putin has been [in] a bunker for two weeks or six months, but for more like two decades.”