On Thursday, March 25, the couple arrived in the Bahamas for the last leg of their eight-day royal tour. The trip and related engagements form part of the Royal Family's celebrations of Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee year. Aside from the beautiful scenery and diving trips, William, 39, and Kate, 40, have experienced on their tour, they’ve also faced a series of protests. Upon arriving in Belize on Sunday, a protest by local residents forced them to cancel a trip to a nearby village that was scheduled to kick off proceedings. The dispute was said to be between residents of the district of Toledo and Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation charity of which Prince William is a patron. He and Kate were expected to visit the Akte‘il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek on the first full day in the region, however, it was cancelled and the pair visited an alternative cacao farm instead. The Cambridges found another demonstration when they touched down in Jamaica, as protestors demanded the Royals "apologize now" for the UK’s slave-trading past. The Mail on Sunday’s Editor at Large, Charlotte Griffiths, claims Prince William will be “furious at how things have gone”. She also claims the Duke of Cambridge has “quite the temper” and that the pair have experienced a series of “clangers” while overseas. She told Palace Confidential: “William would have gone bananas behind the scenes because he’s got quite the temper on him and there have been some real misfires here. “It must be really frustrating for them, they’re working their socks off and there are just clangers like that, that come out of nowhere.” READ MORE: Smiling Queen abates health fears In addition to facing protesters, the Cambridges have also had to navigate around calls to replace the Queen as Head of State in Jamaica. Jamaica’s Prime Minister Andrew Holness effectively gave notice that the country plans to become a republic in a speech in front of the Royal couple. The Jamaican PM spoke about “moving on” and told William and Kate that issues, such as addressing the horrors of slavery, remain “unresolved”. Royal Editor Rebecca English claims the couple “didn’t shy away” from this conversation. She said: “I think William, Kate and their team always knew that Jamaica could prove a little bit tricky for them, because of the growing air of republicanism. DON'T MISSQueen's disapproving glare is 'defence mechanism' and 'royal paradox' [REVEAL]‘She was just awesome’ Wife of Bahamian PM tells of Kate’s ‘excitement [INSIGHT] Kate and William cause royal fans to gush as couple meet Bahamian PM [REPORT] “But I think it’s one they have managed to negotiate fairly nimbly and diplomatically. “They certainly didn’t shy away from the conversation when they met the Prime Minister, who made clear that independence was very much on his mind for this nation.” Mr Holness also pointed out how excited local residents were to have the couple visiting. On the evening of Tuesday, March 22, William took part in a community football match with England striker Raheem Sterling. Crowds of delighted fans turned up to watch the game, and photos show William and Kate greeting them through a wire fence, before meeting them on the street moments later. Mr Holness told William and Kate: “We are very, very happy to have you and I hope you will have seen the warm welcome of the people.” A Twitter storm erupted over the pictures showing them greeting fans through the railings, but royal experts rushed to the couple’s defence. Many pointed out that football Raheem Sterling posted for similar shots with excitable fans after appearing on the pitch with the royals. Among those defending the couple amid the discussion was Richard Palmer, The Daily Express's royal correspondent. He wrote: "Would it have been better for the royals and Raheem Sterling to ignore all those excited people screaming for them to come over and shake hands through a fence around the football pitch? “It might have stopped a few people with an agenda making mischief but upset the ignored fans." ITV's royal editor Chris Ship also chimed in to defend the Cambridges amid the slew of tweets about the snaps. He wrote: "Can we insert some sense (and facts) into this fence photo in Trench Town? "There was a fence around the football pitch people gathered to watch the match with @sterling7 William and Kate went to say hello. “Just as they also said hello to crowds in the street. End of story. Move on."