Foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba said fighters have signed up from 52 countries. In this chaotic theatre, casualties are inevitable and sadly, it is feared that three ex-special forces Britons died on Sunday in Russia's callous airstrike on the Yavoriv base near the Polish border.   Up to 30 cruise missiles were involved in the strike, thought to be a result of Russian infiltration. By deliberately targeting overseas recruits, Putin will hope to send a message to foreign fighters and intimidate the West. While the MoD confirmed there are no serving personnel in the country, it is ominously likely, as Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky says, that it is only a "matter of time" before missiles hit Nato territory - and that would be, said Health Secretary Sajid Javid, an "act of war".  But it also seems to be the case that the conflict has not gone to plan for Putin, with huge casualties on the Russian side including 12 generals.With his military failure, some escalation was highly likely. So let us be clear. Putin will continue to kill and maim, and more bad news will ensue. But he should be aware that his sordid war will fail, and the might of the free world will prevail.    ------------- IT MUST have been difficult for the Queen not to attend the Commonwealth Day service. Quite apart from her legendary sense of duty, the 54-strong association is close to Her Majesty's heart. But for anyone of 95, plans must be changeable. So instead, Her Majesty sent a typically sober vow that in her Platinum Jubilee year, she would "renew the promise I made in 1947, that my life will always be devoted in service". Let us hope she will be mobile enough to attend the Jubilee celebrations this summer. But let's also reflect, that her real strength is as a symbol of love and steadfastness. She is the bond that binds us.    ------------- SINCE police officer Andrew Harper was dragged to his death by three savage teenagers in 2019, his indefatigable wife Lissie has campaigned for "Harper's Law", which calls for mandatory life sentences for those who kill emergency services workers. The Government agrees and it is now a matter of time before it is on the statutes. Following this welcome news, Lissie, 31, says she is ready to "find happiness again". If anyone deserves happiness, it is her. She has campaigned hard and has rightfully won a place in legal history. "Andrew would want me to be happy," she said. And so does the rest of the country, Lissie. You've done a great job.