On Thursday, British shipping company P&O Ferries caused widespread shock when the firm sacked 800 employees over Zoom with immediate effect, to replace them with “cheaper agency workers”. P&O said it took the "difficult decision" as a "last resort" to save the business. However, this decision will have a knock-on effect on the rest of the UK, as the firm has had to halt its transportation services. In a new statement issued on Friday afternoon, P&O Ferries said: "Our aim is to have the first of our services running again in the next day or two, as we lose £1 million a day for each day they are not moving." However, secretary of state for transport Grant Shapps has ordered before P&O Ferries resume sailing, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) must carry out checks on all vessels, including operational drills first. P&O Ferries has had to prolong the cancellation of its services while this takes place, affecting routes between Dover and Calais, Hull to Rotterdam, Liverpool to Dublin, and Cairnryan to Larne. The firm is reported to transport around 15 percent of all UK freight.  READ MORE: Trade unionist slams claims P&O mass sacking was due to Brexit  It accounts for around a third of freight ferry services between Dover and Calais, and around half of the freight between Northern Ireland and Scotland - so with these routes currently suspended, the transportation of goods is due to be severely impacted over the coming days. With a mass suspension on freight transportation - and with no official date for when business will resume, fresh produce deliveries are due to be affected first. Items including milk and chicken are likely to be among those in short supply in UK supermarkets over the weekend, due to the lack of overseas transportation.  Gary Lyons, owner of haulier Lyons European, based in Northern Ireland, which transports a range of items to the UK– including milk, chicken fillets, sausages and beef, told news outlet i: “It’s going to make it a nightmare. I was talking to one [haulier] last night who had 25 loads of fresh foods due to go out on P&O. He didn’t know how he was going to get them away.” While most goods, as well as essential items such as medicine, could also be impacted, the shortage of fresh produce will naturally be felt first, due to the frequency at which it needs to be shipped. It could take P&O Ferries up to 10 days for its operations to return to normal, but this has not been confirmed. Andrew Opie, director of food and sustainability at British Retail Consortium, said: “Retailers are working with other ferry companies to ensure disruption to P&O ferry services does not interfere with the movement of fresh food between GB, NI and EU.  DON'T MISS: P&O sunk to new depths in pursuit of its bottom line [ANALYSIS]Have your say: Should we kick P&O Ferries out of Britain? [HAVE YOUR SAY]P&O staff deserve better than to be cast adrift [INSIGHT]     “Nonetheless, a prolonged interruption to P&O services, who are an important part of UK supply chains, could eventually impact the flow of goods. He added: “We urge the ferry company and union to find a speedy resolution to the current issues.” P&O Ferries' drastic actions on Thursday have been met with widespread outrage and criticism. In a letter to the firm today, Mr Shapps urged P&O to change course and condemned the way in which staff had been treated with "zero respect".  Mr Shapps said: "The way in which your company has made these changes has fundamentally changed the way the British public feels about P&O Ferries - with many believing that they have seen the company's true colours," "I would therefore urge you to begin to repair the damage that has been caused to your company's reputation, by pausing the changes announced yesterday and starting a true dialogue with the seafarers and the trade unions.” In a recent tweet, Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer said he is "furious" for the staff sacked by P&O Ferries as the Tories have "created an environment where a bad employer thinks they have licence to tear up staff contracts". He tweeted: "I've spoken with staff sacked by P&O Ferries. I'm furious for them and stand with them." 