WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Outlander season six. The fifth episode of Outlander season six looks set to test Brianna Fraser (played by Sophie Skelton) and Roger Mackenzie (Richard Rankin) as the settlers begin to question how much time he is spending with Amy McCallum. Could the rumours rip the beloved couple apart? In the teaser for episode five, Brianna can be seen confronting her husband over his activities with another woman. Brianna warns her husband: “You’ve been spending a lot of time over there. “You’re a married man who’s been alone with a widow in her home for hours on end.” Holding Roger’s arms, it’s clear Brianna is worried about what their fellow settlers have to say about him helping out Amy. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn Just seconds later in the promo, Brianna asks Marsali Fraser (Lauren Lyle) what a pattern of stones means. “I believe it’s a love charm,” her sister-in-law explains with Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) listening in intently. Could Brianna become suspicious of Amy and question whether she is trying to steal Roger from her? Fans will no doubt be fearful Roger will fall for Amy as he spends more time with the widow. But will he betray the mother of his son and cheat on Brianna? It would certainly be surprising after Sophie told Express.co.uk this series is the calmest for the couple. She explained: “This is the first season, seasons where we see a very calm, collected, unified version of Roger and Bree. “There’s so much mayhem with the Christies coming to the Ridge and things evolve and change and crumble around the Ridge but Roger and Brianna are at the epicentre of it but the only ones not really wrapped up in the drama of it. DON'T MISS...Outlander season 6 theories: Brianna to expose Christie family? [EXCLUSIVE]Outlander: Why did Young Ian leave the Mohawk? [EXPLAINER]‘That almost killed me’ Outlander’s Sam Heughan shares challenge [INSIGHT] “They’re sort of the ones people are going to for advice and help now. “I think they are maturing as a couple and maturing into married life and parenthood and they’re kind of the light relief of the season so it’s a really nice thing to play because thus far they’ve just had mayhem and chaos and trauma around them but it’s just really nice to see them in a really grounded, settled place.” Elsewhere in the trailer, fan favourite Lord John Grey (David Berry) returned to quiz Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) about turning his back on the crown. Lord John warns his friend: “Jamie, it is dangerous,” but Claire (Caitriona Balfe) reassures her husband: “The tide has turned. Our allegiance is to this new nation.” Fans were thrilled to see Lord John back on Outlander with Maria Lima commenting: “John finally! So good to see him btw, this wonderful character needs his own spin-off!! We haven't forgotten…” Helene R posted: “Finally our wonderful Lord John Grey is here.” Danny Nix asked: “Why did they keep saying john grey was not going to be in this season? Just give the man his spin off already.” John Edward Binary wrote: “Omg Lorn John Grey.... my heart,” while Courtney Benson shared: “Yay Lord John is back.” Outlander season six is available to watch on Starz in the US and Starzplay in the UK.