A huge 41.5 percent of the UK adult population snore, which accounts to about 15 million snorers in the UK. Snoring often affects your bed partner more than you, so it’s important to fix the problem as soon as you can. Express.co.uk chatted to Mattress Next Day CEO and sleep expert Martin Seeley, and Kiera Pritchard and Narwan Amini from Eachnight.com to find out the six ways to stop snoring. Sleeping on your side instead of your back can prevent snoring. Kiera explained: “Back sleeping can often lead to worsened snoring and obstructive sleep apnea. “Your jaw, tongue, and other soft tissues collapse in your throat when you lie on your back. “The collapsed soft tissue narrows your airway and makes breathing more difficult, thus resulting in snoring. “Stomach sleeping can also reduce snoring and sleep apnea, however, it can obstruct breathing in other ways. “Those who sleep on their stomach often misalign their cervical spine due to having to twist their necks to the side to breathe.” READ MORE- Cancer symptoms: Two colours in the urine that are ‘big red flags’ You should be conscious of how much alcohol you drink before bed. Martin advises limiting yourself to only one night per week if possible. The sleep expert said: “Whilst many people find that drinking helps them drift off quicker, alcohol actually relaxes the muscles in your throat, which removes the rigidity around the airways. “This sets off the vibrations in your soft tissue, making you more likely to snore”. You should also up your water intake to keep your mucus nice and thin to ease congestion and make breathing easier. How old are your pillows? Be honest! Buying new pillows could be the key to beating your snoring habit. Martin said: “We spend a third of our entire lives in bed, and naturally, pillows pick up dust, skin flakes and other allergies that can trigger symptoms such as snoring. “Try replacing any tired, flat pillows with a new one that has ‘hypoallergic’ in its product name as this help cut down the number of fine particles around your nose and mouth.” Washing your pillowcases once a week will help too. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes: Star's ice therapy to help 'dominant' issue [INFORMER]Houseplants: The ‘simplest’ hack to keep your calathea ‘thriving’ [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: Five 'smart swaps' in your diet to help lower levels [EXPLAINER] Narwan recommends doing exercises to strengthen the muscles in your throat to help you stop snoring. Try the following: Repeat each vowel (a-e-i-o-u) out loud for three minutes a few times a day. Place the tip of your tongue behind your top front teeth and slide your tongue across them for three minutes a day. Close your mouth and purse your lips and hold for 30 seconds. Open and move your jaw to the right and hold for 30 seconds. Repeat on the left side. With your mouth open, slide the tip of your tongue backwards along your hard palate as far back as it will go. Repeat 20 times. Pay attention to the time you eat and what you’re eating, as these things can cause or contribute to snoring. Narwan recommends eating lighter and healthier before bed, and not directly before bedtime too. The sleep expert said: “If your stomach is too full at night your diaphragm may not have enough room to expand while breathing, disrupting sleep. “Steer clear of dairy products which increase congestion, and stick to high-protein foods at dinner time such as salmon, tuna and turkey which will combat mucus production and help prevent snoring.” Make sure you’re going to bed at the same time every night, if possible. Narwan said: “People tend to snore louder and more frequently when they’re sleep-deprived. “To prevent exhaustion, improve your sleep hygiene habits by following a consistent bedtime schedule, avoiding screens before bed (screens cast blue light which keeps your brain awake), and eating light, healthy dinners before bed.”