Good Morning Britain presenter Kate Garraway has spoken openly about her husband Derek Draper's recovery and his debilitating health after Covid-19 ravaged his body and he was placed in a medically induced coma. The broadcaster has given a glimpse into her home life and shared her feelings since Derek left the hospital last year - 374 days after being admitted. The 54-year-old got visibly emotional in a recent interview as she addressed the difficulty of caring for her other half amid his health struggles. The GMB star provided an intimate look at caring for Derek in her second documentary, Caring For Derek. Kate's latest appearance comes after she admitted Derek is only able to sit in his wheelchair for 20 minutes at a time. Visibly tearful, the GMB host opened up on This Morning where she explained that her husband took a 5,000 mile trip to Mexico, in order to receive specialist treatment for him. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update   During the candid chat, Kate admitted that Derek is "absent" due to the condition as she opened up about feeling lonely. The ITV broadcaster said: "People are really kind and say I'm an inspiration but I'm really struggling - and I think it's important for people to know that, because I'm sure they're struggling in their life too in whatever way. "I think one of the worst things is the terrible loneliness... from having him here but not here. It's really indescribable. It's just so hard." Kate added: "I can sort of see him, but he's absent - and you just feel very much on your own, all the time."  Last month Kate released her new documentary Caring For Derek as a follow-up to her award-winning documentary Finding Derek. She thanked her fans for their support and "burst into tears" at a clip where Derek was seen hugging her son. Viewers were given an honest insight into the realities of being a full-time carer and how the family are coming to terms with Derek’s condition. Meanwhile, Kate has teamed up with Dr Guddi Singh to help patients understand their bodies in a new BBC Two documentary, Your Body Uncovered. DON'T MISS... Kirk Baily dies aged 59 following 'six month' battle with lung cancer[LATEST]Demi Moore, 59, is the image of ageless beauty in black jumpsuit[PICTURES]Mark Labbett 'jealous' over Anne Hegerty's big announcement[TV] The show delves into the health of people's bodies using cutting-edge technology. Kate and Dr Singh use virtual reality and 3D images to show patients inside their own bodies. The new technology is used throughout the series and it will explore how patients can use the information to improve their health and their experience with healthcare. The documentary will also look at the current state of the UK's health service and how it can be better utilised. Kate has said that she wanted to be involved in the new TV show because her own family has suffered from medical issues in recent years. The on-screen star can empathise with patients having witnessed her husband's health issues firsthand. There will be six episodes in total with the first offering airing tonight. Your Body Uncovered airs tonight on BBC Two at 8pm.