At the end of February, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were honoured by the NAACP (National Association for the Advancement of Colored People). Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40, received the President's Awards on stage in Los Angeles in recognition of their “distinguished public service”. In a statement released ahead of the awards NAACP President Derrick Johnson expressed he was “thrilled” to present the award to the couple. He added: “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who together have heeded the call to social justice and have joined the struggle for equity both in the US and around the world. “Not only do they continue to lead by example, The Duke and Duchess have also decided to inspire the next generation of activists through the NAACP-Archewell Digital Civil Rights Award, ensuring the support and recognition of generations of civil rights leaders to come.” When accepting the prestigious gong – whose previous winners include Muhammad Ali, and Ella Fitzgerald – the Sussexes paid tribute to the people of Ukraine amid the ongoing crisis and called for global support for the country. Harry said: “Before I begin, we would like to acknowledge the people of Ukraine, who urgently need our continued support as a global community." “I also echo the immense gratitude for tonight, both for this award and this community for welcoming me so warmly. “I think it’s safe to say I come from a very different background to my incredible wife, yet our lives were brought together for a reason. “We share a commitment to a life of service, a responsibility to confront injustice and a belief that the most overlooked are often the most important to listen to.” Following their appearance at the awards, the couple’s fiercely loyal fans were convinced the pair are in line for a Nobel Peace Prize due to their work campaigning on humanitarian issues including vaccine equity. READ MORE: Prince William leaves BAFTA 'very disappointed' as Duke snubs awards The Daily Mail’s diarist Richard Eden tweeted that jubilant fans of Meghan and Harry were messaging him to gloat about the “news”. He wrote: “Prince Harry and Meghan's cheerleaders are tweeting me - seriously - suggesting that, next, the couple will be nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize.” Among these, was a user called Squire Yorke who wrote: “If Greta doesn't get Nobel Peace Prize then it should go to Meghan Duchess of Sussex or Justin Trudeau.” However, any hope the couple have had at being nominated for the accolade has been dashed by a royal commentator and biographer. Ingrid Seward, who is also Editor in Chief of Majesty Magazine, expressed her doubt over the couple receiving the award, especially so early on in their displays of humanitarian work. Speaking about the couple’s NAACP award win, Ms Seward told Express.co.uk: “I never quite know these awards work as often there is not visible to see exactly what the recipient has done. DON'T MISS Prince Charles opened up on shattered lifelong dream during visit [INSIGHT] Queen in 'rare' break from royal protocol to 'say what side she is on' [REVEAL] Royals feeling ‘repercussions’ from explosive Oprah interview [REPORT] “But with the Novel Prize, it is usually very obvious so I rather doubt they would be awarded it so early in their 'good works' career.” Another royal expert echoed the sentiment, claiming the Sussexes being awarded a Nobel Peace Prize is “a little unrealistic”. However, she did note that being awarded the NAACP gives “credibility” to the work carried out by the Duke and Duchess. Pauline MacLaran, professor of marketing and consumer research at Royal Holloway, University of London and co-author of Royal Fever told Express.co.uk: “Their recent NAACP award has given their brand much more credibility but I think a Nobel Peace Prize is a little unrealistic!” The Nobel Peace Prize is awarded annually each December to recognise “outstanding contributions in peace”. Each recipient – known as a "laureate" – receives a gold medal, a diploma, and a monetary award. The prize can be awarded to individuals or organisations and previous winners include the World Food Programme (WFP), Nelson Mandela, Malala Yousafzai and Barack Obama. The European Union was also awarded the prize in 2012 “for over six decades contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy and human rights in Europe”.