Baroness Marie-Christine von Reibnitz was born in 1945 in what is now the Czech Republic. Her parents were part of the Catholic Reibnitz family, who can trace their noble ancestry back to 1288. In 1946 the royal moved to Australia after her parents divorced.  By the time she was old enough to attend university, Marie-Christine moved to London to study History of Fine and Decorative Art, at the Victoria and Albert Museum. Her first husband was the English banker Thomas Troubridge. The couple separated in 1973 and were annulled by Pope Paul VI in May 1978. One month after the annulment, Marie-Christine married Prince Michael of Kent, the son of Prince George, Duke of Kent and Princess Marina of Greece and Denmark.  READ MORE: Lawn specialist shares tips to get 'thick healthy grass' this spring The wedding took place on June 30, 1978 at a civil ceremony in Vienna. Prince Michael is a first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. But what did the Princess’ engagement ring look like? Michael presented Marie-Christine with a two-stone sapphire-and-diamond ring made from stones that belonged to his mother, Princess Marina.  Princess Michael has a similar ring to her family members Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent, Katharine, Duchess of Kent, and Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy. They all wear big, bright and colourful engagement rings. Marie-Christine wears a very unique ring within the Royal Family. It features round emeralds and diamonds that reportedly once belonged to her husband’s mother, Princess Mariana.  The stones are all set in a yellow gold band, which is similar to Meghan Markle’s original engagement ring from Prince Harry before it was altered. The ring is said to have been passed down from Princess Marina, who died 10 years prior to her son's marriage. Princess Michael’s sapphire ring from her Prince is complete with a round sapphire and diamond. The design is beautiful and full of royal and familial history. For the ball held after the wedding, she wore the City of London diamond fringe tiara and a cream dress from Bellville Sassoon.  Upon their marriage, she was given the title ‘Her Royal Highness Princess Michael of Kent’, the female equivalent to her husband's title. After receiving Pope John Paul II's permission, the couple received a blessing of their marriage in a Catholic ceremony in 1983. Since the Act of Settlement 1701 prohibited anyone who married a Catholic from succeeding to the throne, Prince Michael of Kent, who at that time was 15th in the line of succession, lost his succession rights. Prince Michael was reinstated to the line of succession in 2015 with the passing of the Succession to the Crown Act 2013. 