Gardeners’ World lead host Monty Don shared a plethora of tips in the latest episode of the show. Monty, who has been lead host of the show since 2003, shared how to create a bog garden, prevent weeds and plant hydrangeas on episode two of the 2022 series. The 66-year-old also shared how to lift and divide snowdrops now. Dividing and lifting snowdrops allows gardeners to replant them to create more in shady borders next year. The bulbs can be put in containers or in well-drained soil in light shade. Snowdrops are native to woodlands so can often be seen at the bottom of trees. For those looking to add more snowdrops to their garden, Monty shared how he divides them in March. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients  He said: “A little job that needs doing now is dividing snowdrops. “Whether it's in a border or in grass, dig up a little group of snowdrops like these. “Just divide that into two and put the original clump back in the hole. “This one, I'm going to move just next to it. DON'T MISSCleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [UPDATE]'Remove and prevent it': Product to get rid of mould in your home [ANALYSIS] “What you want is to make it look natural.” Monty dug up and divided the snowdrops using a hand trowel. He put one half of the snowdrops into the original hole, filling in the hole with his hands. The gardening expert then dug another hole with the trowel where he put the other half of the snowdrops. Once they’re planted, Monty said they should simply be left alone. He explained: “They then will die back slowly and the really important thing, as with all bulbs, is not to cut the foliage back. “Don't cut the grass, don't trim them, let them die back naturally and that will feed into next year's bulb and flower. “It’s by far the best way of spreading snowdrops.”  Snowdrops can be planted in February and March when they’re green or in flower. They can be planted as dry bulbs in October and November. They’re relatively easy to look after and don’t even need to be pruned. Snowdrops can suffer if soil dries out in the summer. Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer