For those without ironing boards or tumble dryers, removing creases from duvet covers can be difficult. Now fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared how to remove creases from duvet covers using a “crease release spray”. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram over the years. Fans of hers have even created their own social media groups in her name dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Angie Higgs asked fellow Mrs Hinch fans: “How do you iron super king duvets covers please? “Mine always come out with unwanted creases. Thanks in advance.” READ MORE: Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt The most popular response from the comments was to use a “crease release spray”. A crease release spray is formulated to relax a fabric’s fibres and smooth out wrinkles. Lyndsey Millar said: “I use Lenor crease release spay. “Works amazing and smells great. I never iron bedding anymore.” Stacey Lea Watson replied: “Crease release spray is great!” Karen Hurley Hayward said: “Get the Lenor crease spray works wonders.”  DON'T MISSCleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease [INSIGHT]Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [UPDATE]Presenting a ’stylish’ and ‘functional home’ can increase value by 20% [ANALYSIS] Joanne Hazeldine wrote: “Lenor crease release is excellent! “But you must spray in sections and pull the fabric towards you to remove creases. Smells divine too!” Lindsay Hughes commented: “Crease release is brilliant! “Spray and flatten out the duvet, works great.” Lisa Hanson suggested: “I use Comfort crease release spray once I’ve made the bed. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Spray, wait then just wipe over with your hands, smells good too.” Nikki Baker said: “Make your own crease release spray using a capful of softener in a spray bottle then fill with water. “Spray on bedding when on the bed and smooth out with your hands. “Leave to dry. Gets out all creases.” There are a plethora of crease release sprays available. Lenor Crease Releaser 500ml in Spring Awakening costs £2.50 from Wilko. Wilko Crease Releaser in Tropical Flowers costs just £2. Lenor Crease Releaser in Gold Orchid is just £1.49 from Savers. Ecozone Fabric Crease Release is £5.99 from Amazon. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans include using a hand steamer, an iron and water.  Jeanette Reeves-Guyver said: “I have a hand steamer. “Works really well and make the bed then just run over it with steamer.” Veronica Strong replied: “Get a hand steamer and do it when it is on the bed.” Marie Addinall suggested: “My daughter uses a hand steamer on her bedding and they come up really well.” Sharon Mulligan said: “I never iron mine! Line dry then fold neatly and they always look good.” Stacey Kierman commented:”Use a mist spray bottle with water while it’s on your bed then steam with a steam iron. “This is what we had to do when worked in hotels.” Penny Smith said: “Iron it as normal then iron on bed - it works for me.”