Novak Djokovic has confirmed that he will not be travelling to the USA to play at Indian Wells due to his lack of vaccination against Covid-19. It had been yet another case of will-he-won't-he in recent days, in what has proved similar to the controversy which surrounded the star at the Australian Open.  On that occasion, the Serb arrived Down Under but was prevented from entering the country due to his Visa being rejected. Although he later successfully had the appeal overturned, the Australian government went back on that decision and he was eventually sent home and was unable to compete in Melbourne. The BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells is often described as the 'fifth Grand Slam', with the prestigious tournament offering a huge prize fund. But Djokovic will be unable to attempt to win the tournament for the sixth time.  He took to social media on Wednesday evening to write: "While I was automatically listed in the @BNPPARIBASOPEN and @MiamiOpen draw I knew it would be unlikely I’d be able to travel. "The CDC has confirmed that regulations won’t be changing so I won't be able to play in the US. Good luck to those playing in these great tournaments." The official Indian Wells Twitter account themselves added: "Novak Djokovic has withdrawn from the BNP Paribas Open. As the next player in line to be seeded, Grigor Dimitrov will move into Djokovic's space in the draw, and a Lucky Loser from qualifying will move into Dimitrov’s space in the draw once qualifying is complete." The news will come as a boost to the likes of Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray, who now see their chances of winning given a significant boost. It also further exemplifies just how far Djokovic is prepared to go in order to defend his beliefs about vaccines. Speaking in an interview with the BBC last month, the 20-time Grand Slam winner said: "I was never against vaccination. But I've always supported the freedom to choose what you put in your body. "Because the principles of decision making on my body are more important than any title or anything else. I'm trying to be in tune with my body as much as I possibly can." He also confirmed he would be willing to miss further tournaments in order to defend his beliefs. It now remains to be seen what tournament Djokovic will next attend. It is still unclear whether or not he will be allowed at the French Open in May. But he is likely to be present at Wimbledon the month after.