Emma Brooker (played by Alexandra Mardell) has grown close to Jon Spear (Jordan Ford Silver) in recent weeks after meeting him when his granddad Ted (Duggie Brown) died. Little does Jon know that Emma was involved in Ted’s death but could there still be a future for the Coronation Street couple if the barmaid drops a pregnancy bombshell just as he discovers the truth about his grandad? Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Alexandra opened up on her character’s quest for love. She said: “It’s never easy for Emma and now she's found the perfect man, of course, there’s something that's going to go wrong. “But I think it's hope for her, love conquers all in Emma's mind so that's going to get her through anything.” Could this quote suggest the barmaid will get her happy ending after all? In upcoming scenes, Jon suggests Emma joins him in Australia. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Romantic reunion for Fiz Stape and Tyrone Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Alexandra opened up on her character’s quest for love. She said: “It’s never easy for Emma and now she's found the perfect man, of course, there’s something that's going to go wrong. “But I think it's hope for her, love conquers all in Emma's mind so that's that's going to get her through anything.” Could this quote suggest the barmaid will get her happy ending after all? The newcomer plans to move to the other side of the world to open up a beach bar. Coincidentally it’s on the site of the same beach Emma used to go to with her mother as a child. Emma wrestles with her conscience and tells him she’ll think about his proposal. Faye Windass (Ellie Leach) and Craig Tinker (Colson Smith) who disapprove of the pairing arrive home just as Jon is leaving. They narrowly miss each other but when Jon returns after forgetting his phone, the couple realise Emma has been lying to them. The next day, Jon, Faye and Emma argue with each other as the newcomer suspects they’re hiding something from him. In a moment of madness, Faye admits she and Emma were involved in Ted’s death. Coronation Street fans will have to wait and see whether Jon will leave Weatherfield alone. However, Alexandra’s insistence that Emma believes “love conquers all” suggest the couple may find a way to sort things out. DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Liam Connor to exit in Kelly revenge twist [THEORY]Coronation Street spoilers: Tyrone Dobbs distraught as Fiz moves away [SPOILER]Coronation Street's Sarah Platt star speaks out on leaving ITV soap [INTERVIEW] If Emma discovers she’s pregnant and tells Jon he’s the father, he may reconsider abandoning her. Could the couple set off for a new life in Australia as a family? The actress opened up on why unlucky-in-love Emma has been obsessed with finding the right man. She said: “I think it stems from the broken family and maybe wanting the fairy tale happily ever after for her. “But yeah, it's definitely her priority and dream and I think everything that she does, ultimately, is for that goal of finding prince charming.”  Meanwhile, the ITV soap star admitted filming her final scenes left her feeling “overwhelmed”. She shared: “I was so lucky and really pleased that my last scene was my last scene, especially with Covid still lurking around, schedules have been changing. “I was lucky that still happened for me and I was not expecting it to be that emotional. “I knew obviously I was going to be upset to say goodbye to everyone but as soon as they said, ‘That's a wrap. That's Alexandra's last scene.’ I just burst into tears I could not stop I was so overwhelmed. “I think because of all the support of the cast and crew being there at that moment as well coming to say goodbye.” Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 7.30pm.