"It's closed today," shouted a burly militiaman with a Kalashnikov. The iconic golden-domed cathedral, set atop a hill overlooking the Dnipro, is enclosed on one side by a long blue wall that displays photos of the thousands of Ukrainian military who have died in their country's fight against Russia since 2014: soldiers, sailors, airmen, marines - boyish faces mixed with grey-bearded warriors. A bit further down the same hill is Saint Alexander's Catholic Church. Like Saint Michael's, it's usually filled with families of worshippers on Sunday, who flow out into the surrounding streets. But there was no mass at St Alexander's either, just a prayer vigil attended by the parish priests and a few die-hard parishioners.There is plenty to pray for in Ukraine these days but little to celebrate in a mass. With travel in the city increasingly restricted by heavily barricaded block posts, many cannot get to church.And for church authorities, gathering such a large group of people overground under the threat of air attacks would likely be too great a risk. So, in a country where religion and family are still pillars of many of the city's churches - Catholic, Orthodox and Protestant - have cancelled mass. "Our church is closed because our priest took his wife and young daughter and fled west," one old Orthodox Christian woman said. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Lent has begun for both Catholics - around 10 percent of Ukraine's population - and Orthodox Christians, divided into those under the Moscow Patriarch, the Ukrainian Patriarch and the Autocephalous Church. Ukraine is also home to a sizeable Jewish community, with Kyiv hosting two vibrant synagogues. Over the last few days, buses with Hebrew writing on them have been seen filing out of Jewish neighbourhoods under police escort. On the other side of the same hill, just a stone's throw from the British embassy, is Kyiv's most famous church of all, Saint Andrew's, which can seen from miles away and was visited by the Czars themselves in imperial times. Saint Andrew was the patron saint of the East Slavs - Ukrainians, Russians and Belarusians. It's a testament to Ukraine's commitment to democratic values that such diversity of faith continues to thrive even in times of war.