Back in 1999, Dolly Parton was inducted into Nashville, Tennessee’s Country Music Hall of Fame. Now over two decades later she’s in the running for the Rock and Roll one alongside the likes of Lionel Richie, Beck and Rage Against The Machine. But in a sudden U-turn, the 76-year-old has pulled out of her nomination. The Country singer tweeted today: “Dolly here! Even though I am extremely flattered and grateful to be nominated for the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, I don’t feel that I have earned that right. I really do not want votes to be split because of me, so I must respectfully bow out. I do hope that the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame will understand and be willing to consider me again – if I’m ever worthy.” Nevertheless, Dolly has offered hope, thanks to her husband Carl Dean. Dolly added: “This has, however, inspired me to put out a hopefully great rock ’n’ roll album at some point in the future, which I have always wanted to do! My husband is a total rock ’n’ roll freak, and has always encouraged me to do one. I wish all of the nominees good luck and thank you again for the compliment. Rock on!” Dolly.” Despite this, some of her fans called on the star to reconsider pulling out of the nomination.  J L Lindsey wrote: “Dolly, please reconsider. You are a person whose influence crosses many genres. Your contribution to music is being honored here. It has been an honor voting for you daily. As I feel you more than deserve the honor. Please realize that you're not splitting anyone's vote. People have a 5 person/group vote. They don't have to put your name on their ballot. & you are truly more deserving than the top 2 vote getters so far & most of the other nominees. You deserve induction to the R&RHOF.” Matthew Rettenmund tweeted: “That's very humble, but I respectfully disagree. The Rock Hall of Fame is not hardcore rock and reflects many genres, and it feels like country would benefit greatly from your inclusion. Very magnanimous of you.” DON'T MISSDolly Parton writing debut thriller novel with James Patterson [NOVEL]Elvis: Dolly Parton on how she 'related to nobody else' like The King [ELVIS]'Makes him furious' Dolly Parton talks arguments with husband Carl [HUSBAND] The 76-year-old has previously declined honours including the Presidential Medal of Freedom, which was offered to her twice by the Trump administration. She also turned down a statue of her outside the Tennessee Capitol. The other nominees for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2022 are: Lionel Richie, A Tribe Called Quest, Pat Benatar, Duran Duran, Dionne Warwick, Devo, Fela Kuti, New York Dolls, Kate Bush, Beck, Judas Priest, Rage Against The Machine, Eurythmics, Eminem, MC5, Carly Simon. In the meantime, Dolly has just released her new album Run, Rose, Run which is a companion record to the novel of the same name that the singer co-authored with James Pattinson. Perhaps that Rock and Roll album will be next on the list for the music icon and then she'll feel more comfortable about being nominated for that genre's Hall of Fame.