 Maureen Lipman’s partner of 13 years, Guido Castro, died in January 2021. The 84-year-old, who suffered from Parkinson's disease, passed away after contracting coronavirus. In a recent interview, Coronation Street icon Maureen opened up about what life is like since losing her partner.  Speaking about the challenges of grief, Maureen highlighted the importance of friendships later in life. Maureen shared details of her close bond with fellow British actress Rula Lenska. She explained how they formed a friendship while working on Coronation Street together. Rula stars on the hit ITV soap as hairdresser Claudia Colby, while Maureen plays Evelyn Plummer. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air  Maureen revealed how much she values her relationship with Rula, particularly after losing Guido. She commented: “I think if you’re at this age, and you’re not a couple - I lost my partner in January last year - then you do rely on friends. "Because, my God, even with my life, which would seem on the surface to be very busy, you do spend a lot of nights sitting in front of the cathode ray thinking, ‘I don’t want to be here,’” the actress confessed. Maureen reflected fondly on her experiences sharing scenes with Rula on Coronation Street.   Maureen insisted it was nice to have another woman of a similar age in the cast alongside her. Describing how their friendship blossomed, the actress explained how much she enjoyed Runa’s company on set. Maureen said: “I had someone else like me - if you could describe her as like me. She’s a bit more glamorous. “We were the elderly crumpets. Well, she was the elderly crumpet. I’m just elderly,” the soap star told Radio Times. DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield scolds Holly as cooking segment goes awry [WATCH]‘Hypocritical!' Camilla Tominey slams Oscars for applauding Will Smith [MUST SEE]Holby City’s Jaye Jacobs on ‘satisfying’ end to BBC medical drama [INSIGHT]  Coronation Street isn’t the only show where Rula and Maureen have joined forces. Fans will soon get to see more of their friendship as they team up for ITV’s DNA Journey. The show will see the actresses embark on an adventurous and life changing road trip to discover their family roots. Maureen admitted she wasn’t keen on taking part in the series originally, but conceded she enjoyed it in the end.    Another close friend of Maureen’s is writer and former politician Gyles Brandreth. The pair previously starred alongside each other on Celebrity Gogglebox, sharing their thoughts on TV highlights. However, despite enjoying her time alongside Gyles on the show, the actress has confirmed she has no plans to return in the future. Coronation Street continues Wednesday at 8pm on ITV. 