Ralf Little has waded into a row between Piers Morgan and Gary Lineker on Twitter. The Death in Paradise actor, 42, implied Talk TV star Piers was “abominable” in a tongue-in-cheek post. The row first broke out when former Good Morning Britain host Piers and footballing legend Gary debated who was the best footballer of all time. Piers, 56, is a huge fan of Cristiano Ronaldo, while Gary was singing Lionel Messi’s praises. After Gary, 61, claimed Ronaldo and Messi were “both greats”, Piers responded: “It’s perfectly sensical, Jugs. “Messi’s clearly lost his magic since leaving Barca. Ronaldo’s kept it at many clubs/countries incl back at United now. “That’s why he’s the [greatest of all time].” Gary shot back: “So you’re judging 2 of the greatest players of all-time on how they perform in their mid thirties when they’re both past their best. “I don’t care who you or anyone else thinks is better, it’s not important, but a lack of respect for either is totally unwarranted”. The argument continued back and forth as neither of the broadcasters wanted to back down. It began to get personal, as Gary wrote: “Players will always be judged on their prime years. By your criteria Maradona would be considered average. “I know you’re always texting Ronaldo and desperately want him to like you, but you can do that without disrespecting other greats.” He added: “Watching the game, I think I may have just got a glimpse of your feet  hanging from @Cristiano’s shorts.” This infuriated Piers, who responded: “Mate, when it comes to sycophantic obsequious a**e-licking, your fangirl worship of Messi even as he fades into mediocrity is in a class of its own!” DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [LATEST]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [UPDATE]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT] To this, Gary simply responded with a screengrab of Piers’ pinned tweet, documenting an exchange he had with Ronaldo. “‘You have good abdominals,’” it reads, alongside a photo of the pair together.  “Thank you, @Cristiano. "Yours aren’t too bad either.” As he reminded Piers about this post, Gary added: “Hmmmmm.” At this point, DI Neville Parker actor Ralf decided to get involved. “Abominable”? he replied, pretending Piers had mistyped his tweet. Piers has yet to respond to Ralf’s jab - but the TV host rarely misses the chance to get involved in a public war of words.