The Prime Minister sparked fury when he spoke about the UK and Ukraine both being freedom-loving. He made the comparison while addressing the Tory faithful at the party's spring conference in Blackpool on Saturday. Amid the anger at the comments, Mr Johnson is thought to privately regret ever having made the statement. "I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time," he told supporters. "I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. "When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  "It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself." Admitting it was a mistake, a close source to the Prime Minister told The Times last night: "It sounded better written down than it did when spoken." However, the Prime Minister's official spokesman this morning said Mr Johnson stood by his remarks. He said: "e was making an observation about peoples' desire for freedom. That's what he was referring to. "It's worth noting the Ukranain ambassador was in the audience at the time and gave a standing ovation at the end of the speech and tweeted his thanks to the Prime Minsiter." Politicans both in the UK and abroad were critical of the remarks. Chancellor Rishi Sunak publicly distanced himself from the comments yesterday as he said the two events were "clearly not comparable". DON'T MISS:POLL: Should Boris Johnson apologise for comparing Ukraine to Brexit? [VOTE]Lionel Barber rips into Boris for likening Ukraine to Brexit [WATCH]Liz Truss says Brexit Britain leading fight against Russia [UPDATE]  He added: "People will make up their own minds. "But I can tell you categorically, the Prime Minister does not think that the situation in Ukraine and Brexit are directly comparable.  "Of course they’re not, no one would say that they are. He was making some general comments about freedom in different guises." Labour's Rachel Reeves described the remarks as "utterly distasteful". She told Sky News yesterday: "It is insulting to the Ukrainian people who are fighting for their very freedom and their very lives and it is insulting to the British people as well. "If the Prime Minister didn’t mean that analogy, he shouldn’t have made it and he should take back those words and apologise to the Ukrainian people and the British people for those crass remarks."  Former president of the European Council Donald Tusk said Mr Johnson’s "words offend Ukrainians, the British and common sense". Meanwhie, ex-European Parliament chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt called the comparison "insane". Ukraine has been fighting off Russian forces for almost a month now, putting up a strong resistence to heavy shelling. More than 10 million people have been forced to flee their homes since Putin ordered the incusion into the country. 