Since Putin invaded neighbouring Russia, many political commentators and military experts have been speculating what his end goal is, as his troops don't seem as organised as they should be. Mr Seddon told GB News audiences that Putin's lack of a clear endgame was his weakness. The journalist also explained that Western intervention into the Russian regime would only make a paranoid man, even more, paranoid when referring to the Russian dictator. Mr Seddon said: "We're getting so much conjecture and guesswork. what we can actually see on the ground is an invasion of Ukraine which doesn't seem to be going very well, it's very difficult to know what the end plan is. "I mean paradoxically at the outset before Putin invaded many people actually thought he was in a strong position. "There was actually some understanding of Russian grievances about NATO expansion. "And pushing up, your previous guest was talking about Ukraine as a member of NATO with Volgograd 300 miles away or whatever, I mean there was an understanding of that. JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv     Mr Seddon added: "Once he moved into Ukraine without it appears an end game, and all military people would say you have to have an end game and a plan, that's where his weakness is. "So you actually wonder how powerful Russia actually is, but also how dangerous it can be if this President is cornered. "And everybody's casting around, as what's to be done? Can there be regime change? I mean fundamentally that has to be down to the Russian people of course. "I think it would be very dangerous... This makes a paranoid man, even more paranoid." READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse Putin was left at another loss earlier today it was reported that three of his senior leaders are believed to have been killed in combat. Reports according to Volodymyr Zelensky President of Ukraine, claim that around 9,200 Russian servicemen have died during the invasion. Russian authorities have claimed that this is false, denying the figures told by the Ukrainian opposition.  Russian state-run media officials have only claimed to of lost around 498 servicemen. Western countries have been sanctioning Putin in order to de-escalate the situation in Ukraine. Whilst talking to Sky News British Deputy Prime Minister, Dominic Raab said: "There has been a running commentary that the UK has somehow been slow - we've not been slow. "We've been at the vanguard of taking action and, of course, what is really important is we act in concert with our allies, European, American and other Nato allies. "For example, we have sanctioned more Russian banks than the EU, including Sberbank, which is the biggest Russian bank. "We've made it clear and introduced measures so that three million Russian companies cannot raise loans or get listed on the UK stock market." Mr Raab added: "These measures - and each country has slightly different sanctions regimes - are all aimed at tightening the noose, if you like, and starving off the finance that is going into Putin's war machine."  