Tottenham winger Steven Bergwijn has suggested that he could exit north London this summer having been starved of game time by Antonio Conte. The 24-year-old scored three goals in two Netherlands internationals over the past fortnight, proving to potential suitors that he could have plenty to offer if given the opportunity. The Netherlands began their international break wth an impressive 4-2 victory over Denmark, with their hoard of goals bookended by a duo of Bergwijn strikes. The Spurs outcast then scored an equaliser against Germany on Tuesday to end the visitors' eight-game winning run under Hansi Flick. The brief eruption of output came in stark contrast to Bergwijn's club form, having failed to start in any of the last 11 matches. Conte already seems to have an established pecking order out wide and it does not read well for the Dutchman. "I don’t get to play much at the club," he admitted, per The Daily Mail, "I am happy that the national coach has called me up. You don’t forget about football. But of course, you feel that you don’t play that much. It was nice to be here again. We have a good and fun group. JUST IN: Jamie Carragher warns Harry Maguire Man Utd displays are bigger concern than England boos  "I wouldn’t know [whether form for the Netherlands can improve situation at club], we’ll see. Everyone wants to play of course. I have to keep my head up and work hard in training. Then we’ll see what happens in the summer." Conte expressed a desire to keep hold of Bergwijn in January despite a reported £15million approach from Ajax. Since a sensational stoppage-time brace against Leicester City in January to secure an unlikely comeback win, however, the Italian's selection habits have told a different story. READ MOREMohamed Salah and Egypt targeted with lasers by Senegal fans in World Cup play-off deciderSadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penaltyAjax director shines light on Erik ten Hag mindset after completing Man Utd interview Harry Kane and Heung-min Son have proven themselves to be one of the Premier League era's most formidable partnerships, and are therefore considered immovable in Spurs' front three. A spot on the right flank presents a better opportunity but Lucas Moura and, more recently, Dejan Kulusevski have mounted strong claims to make the vacancy their own. Ominously for Bergwijn, Conte is expected to dip back into the transfer market this summer in an attempt to cultivate a squad in his own image. Their bargaining position will be even stronger if they qualify for next season's Champions League, which could see the former PSV star slip even further down the pecking order. With Kane's goal-scoring momentum on the up and Arsenal facing a tough run-in, clinching fourth spot seems to be an increasing possibility. There is talk of fellow wide man Adama Traore remaining at the top of Conte's wish list, despite his loan agreement from Wolves to Barcelona containing an option to buy. Reports indicate that the cash-strapped Catalans will only pull the triger if the West Midlands side shell out to bring Francisco Trincao the other way. His prospective arrival in north London would only serve to jeopardise Bergwijn's position even more, despite his strong international performances of late.