The Last Kingdom has swung its last sword, with the fifth and final season now available to stream on Netflix. Actor Alexander got to learn more about directing the series as he stepped behind the camera for the first time. However, speaking of being in front of the lens as Uhtred of Bebbanburg, he admitted he was sometimes "uncomfortable" in the vikings' "tight" outfits. Appearing in all 46 episodes of the Bernard Cornwell The Saxon Stories inspired show, Uhtred has had his fair share of battles. With armour being resilient for battle, Alexander applauded the team behind creating the authentic by moveable outfits for filming. The star has previously mentioned how he loved the physicality of the role, not only getting to fight but also riding a horse, even if his co-star was a little moody. However, he divulged he isn't a fan of the costumes and their restrictiveness. Read More:  Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby?  Alexander explained: "As I said before, I thrive on the physical element of portraying a character and the costume certainly gives me a physicality that helps me embody the character just because of how it feels to wear these boots and how the armour feels. "Especially the armour, it's very uncomfortable, it's very tight. "Some armours that I've worn were extremely heavy. Having that sword on your shoulder makes you move in a way that's so different from your everyday life. "Because if you duck through a doorway or even pass somebody, you have to move your shoulders in a way so the sword doesn't whack someone in the head.  "I don't know that the costume gives me the character, but it certainly adds to the physicality of Uhtred. " Although the costuming helped him bring more to his role, he admitted some actors really need costumes and props to help put the final touch to the characterisation. He added: "I've heard many actors say, 'I'm the character once I put on the clothes,' and I don't know that that is fully true for me." Working on the final outing as a director as well allowed him to look at the show through a different lens and take in the bigger picture. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Paula Wilcox’s blunt response to taxi drivers who ‘fell in love’ with her [LATEST]'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera [LATEST] He described: "This season, having been behind the camera and being part of the whole prep, I really witnessed how much work went into these sets and how much attention to detail there is. "And how every set gets built around a character, how much thought there is behind, 'How would this character decorate their living space? What's their vibe? And why is it that way?' "All of that emanates from Dominic, our set designer. I'm so inspired by him." Alexander's comments come after he admitted he didn't always get along with his co-star, horse Pedro.  He concluded: "I love the contact with the animal and the life that automatically breathes into each and every scene just because you have to be so alert to every movement that the horse does. To everything that he tries. "I ride a horse called Pedro who is basically a bit of a moody teenager, so he is always testing the limits. "So you always have to be on top of that, at the same time as doing your scene. There is a level of alertness, it’s such an enjoyable wave to ride on." All seasons of The Last Kingdom are available to stream on Netflix