The Russian opponent of Elina Svitolina has posted an emotional message after the Ukranian refused to play her at a WTA event. World no 15 Svitolina was scheduled to meet Anastasia Potapova in the first round of the Monterrey Open in Mexico on Tuesday, but confirmed on Monday she had pulled out. Last Thursday, after years of political tensions, Russian President Vladimir Putin declared war on his country's neighbours as troops began their invasion. Since then, numerous sporting sanctions have been placed on Russia, including FIFA and UEFA now banning their national and club football sides from competing. Explaining her decision on social media, the 2019 Wimbledon and US Open semi-finalist said: "I believe the current situation requires a clear position form our organisations: ATP, WTA and ITF. Svitolina, 27, did clarify that she didn't blame any Russian athletes for the situation, saying "They are not responsible for the invasion of our motherland." And now Potapova, 20, has responded via an emotional message of her own on Instagram. “As a rule, even in childhood we choose our own path of development. Even when I was a kid, I dreamed of playing tennis without choosing a match, a country or a partner in the game," she said. DON'T MISS:Daniil Medvedev makes fresh Ukraine plea as Russian star rises to world No 1Novak Djokovic issued ominous Rafael Nadal warning after Mexican Open - 'Better than ever'ATP rankings IN FULL: Djokovic DROPS from world No 1 while Nadal is on the rise - Top 20 “It is difficult to explain to people from politics that for me there is no opponent from any country, I am fighting for victory, my best game, for my result. "Unfortunately, now we, professional athletes, are essentially becoming hostages of the current situation. Playing tennis is our choice and our dream, to which we go daily, practicing, and constantly trying to be better in our results.” The world no 115, a former Wimbledon girls' champion, added she believed the harrowing events shouldn't deter youngsters from having ambitions. “I’m sorry, but even though I am a stranger to politics, I am against grief, tears and war. The peace unites the world, and everyone should remain human in it. And children should continue to dream.” Potapova reached the second round of the Guadalajara Open last week, where she was beaten 6-3 7-6 by Karolina Anna Schmiedlova. But her participation in tennis tournaments for the forseeable future appears under threat, with the sport's bosses considering a blanket ban on Russian players. It means the status of Daniil Medvedev as the world's new no 1 men's player is also under threat.