It comes after Project Fear claims of an exodus of 100,000 City bankers as a result of Britain's exit from the European Union proved unfounded. Analysis by professional services giant EY showed the total number of Brexit-related job relocations from the UK to the continent since the 2016 referendum stands at just over 7,000. A report commissioned by lobby group TheCityUK warned in 2016 that up to 100,000 financial services jobs could be put at risk. Britain's last EU commissioner, Lord Jonathan Hill, who supported Remain in the Brexit referendum, told the Lords’ European Affairs Committee that the City has maintained its huge lead in financial services since Brexit in spite of warnings about a mass exodus. He said: "Many of us thought that after 2016 things would change quite quickly. My former officials in Brussels certainly thought they would. "If I look at it, I am more struck by the fact that London is still Europe’s largest financial centre. No other single financial centres in Europe have so far supplanted London’s place."  He added that the City has got on with doing what it needed to do in order to carry on being able to trade and it did that quite quietly, quickly and efficiently. Lord Hill said that while the politics may still be hostile, behind the scenes, regulators and businesses are paying attention to each others’ steps to improve the way they do business. He said it is more nuanced behind the scenes than one might think from the politics and urged the British authorities as well as the City of London to consider global competition on top of trying to make the UK a more attractive financial centre on the world stage.  Lord Hill, who was commissioner for financial services until the Brexit vote, said a potential advantage of Britain's exit from the EU is the flexibility which regulators have when operating in a single country instead of having to seek agreement across the entire bloc. He said that Britain can instead "crack on more easily in a more focused way in one jurisdiction", provided it sticks within the framework of global rules.   READ MORE ABOUT A LONDON POWER CUT There was more good news on Monday as Schroders revealed London has held on to the top spot in its Global Cities Index for the second year in a row. Schroders Global Cities Index identifies and ranks the best global cities using economic, environmental, innovation and transport metrics. London was ranked first among its global peers for innovation and was boosted by London’s "world-class" universities and extensive public transport network, set to expand this year with the opening of the Elizabeth Line.  Paris was the next highest European city, coming in seventh place, with Stockholm in 16th and Amsterdam 21st. In its study, EY showed that, in the last quarter, the number of Brexit-related staff relocations to the EU was revised down from 7,400 in December to just over 7,000 to the end of March 2022, down from the peak of 12,500 announced in 2016. It also revealed that, since the referendum, 24 firms have publicly announced they will transfer just over £1.3 trillion of UK assets to the EU, which EY described as a figure which has remained broadly flat over the past 18 months. In response to its analysis, Tory peer Lord Daniel Moylan, an adviser to Boris Johnson when he was mayor of London, tweeted: "Project Fear crashes again."  DON'T MISS: Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie step out on emotional day for Royals [REPORT] Putin backs down as he claims to 'drastically cut' military activity [LATEST] Brexit Britain is VITAL to a flourishing EU: Startling trade data [REVEALED] @smoylan142 chimed in: "That's great news, also Great for Dublin as well, lots of London firms have either bi located or relocated to Dublin." To which @DreamerBFC replied: "Many more haven't though! London still no2 in the World for finance. Happy Days." They added: "Project Fear was built on the economy tanking. Plus City becoming a wasteland as firms rushed to EU. "Sending jobs to EU. Pack of lies. Wasn't true then. Isn't true now. Thankfully the [majority] of voters didn't believe it."  Express.co.uk reader jonjonson said: "Leaving the EU was quite obviously the thing to do and has been a success!" Fellow reader Deeoli enthused: "We celebrate every day we are out of the EU."  