Fancy a new iPhone 12 or the very latest iPhone 13 in your pocket? There's good news as a rare Apple discount is available right now that makes buying one of these flagships much, much cheaper. The big price cut comes courtesy of Amazon with the online retailer currently offering a whopping £120 off some of these devices. For example, Amazon is selling the iPhone 12 with 256GB of storage for £709 which is 14 percent off the usual £829 price. To make things even better this deal is available in all colours including Black, Blue, White and Purple. You can also get the standard 64GB model for just £604 - saving £70. If you fancy something smaller in your pocket then the iPhone 12 mini is also on sale via Amazon's store with prices for the 256GB model starting from £639 - that's a £90 saving. Things get even cheaper if you opt for the 64GB version with prices for that entry-level model starting from just £529 - that's a bit of a bargain! As a quick reminder, the iPhone 12 range includes an OLED screen, dual-lens rear camera and fast A14 Bionic processor. There's also MagSafe charging which refills the battery without needing to plug any wires into the Lightning port and you get all the usual features such as FaceID unlocking and an all-screen glass design with Ceramic Sheild technology for improved durability. The iPhone 12 is a top-rated device but Amazon's impressive discounts don't stop there as there's also big money off the all-new iPhone 13. READ MORE: Amazon drops price of Apple's best AirPods by over £60 in deal you can't afford to miss This device, which launched back in September last year, includes even more power thanks to the new A15 Bionic processor plus there's a bigger battery for longer life and more storage thanks to the 128GB as standard. The dual-lens camera is also improved with better night shots and an impressive Cinematic Model to add some Hollywood style to your home videos. There are also new colours to choose from including Starlight and Green. Prices for the iPhone 13 usually start from £779 but the Amazon discount means this now drops to just £729. If you fancy the iPhone 13 mini you'll find this device is currently available from just £629 - saving £50. This article contains affiliate links, which means we may receive a commission on any sales of products or services we write about. This article was written completely independently, see more details here