It could be a memorable night in Everton's season as Newcastle were stunned by Alex Iwobi's late strike, even though Frank Lampard's side only had ten men. The hosts picked up three vital points, which could see them avoid relegation. Ten-man Everton left it late to secure a vital three points against Newcastle against all the odds, and put them on their way to Premier League safety. The hosts made a bright start to the game and it looked as though it was set to be a statement performance for Everton, but Newcastle quickly grew into the game. It was an end to end first half, but there weren't many chances created by either side. And that was the story in the second half too, as both sides looked too worried about losing the game rather than making an effort to win it. But even after Allan was shown a straight red after a VAR intervention, Everton dug deep and found an unlikely winner. Everton were camped deep in their own half with ten men, but a blistering counter-attack saw Alex Iwobi send Goodison Park wild as Frank Lampard picked up three invaluable points. Here Express Sport takes a look at six things we learned as Everton made a huge step towards Premier League safety. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel tells reporter he's 'ruined his evening' Football has evolved an awful lot in the modern day, with wing-backs having a major influence, and goalkeepers are expected to be good with their feet. It's also rare that teams thump the ball up top, as usually a more careful, possessive style of play is favoured. But Eddie Howe has gone right back to basics, and is using the height in his side to his advantage. Whether it's by playing goal kicks long, or hitting every free-kick into the box from deep, Newcastle are doing it. And as the old saying goes, 'if you can get the basics right, the rest will follow'. Newcastle are certainly starting to dominate games, and they will only get better under the new ownership. READ MORE: Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta snaps at Premier League decision The match had to be delayed during the second half as a supporter attached themselves to the Goodison Park goal net. The fan had seemingly made their way onto the pitch, beyond stewards, and attached themselves to the goal. Referee Craig Pawson halted play ahead of a Newcastle throw-in inside Everton's half. There was some confusion over the delay until broadcast cameras showed a fan being cut from the net with a bolt cutter. The fan had made their way beyond stewards and attached themselves to the goal Everton were defending. Stewards required around five minutes to unpin the individual from the net and had to resort to using a bolt cutter. Everton are at serious risk of being relegated from the Premier League for the very first time, and their confidence has completely gone since the start of the season. That being said, they still have the grit and determination to fight until the end. The sense of desperation around Goodison Park is a rare occurrence, as the Toffees fans are really starting to believe that they will be playing Championship football next season. But Lampard has got his players battling, and they certainly have 12 men when they are playing at home. And their fight saw them score a late winner against all the odds, whicb could be the difference come the end of the season. Lampard may have suffered a slow start to life at Everton, but he still has the full backing of Goodison Park, something that has been lacking this season. Everton fans were extremely outspoken when Rafa Benitez was appointed, and the feel is a lot different now that Lampard has been brought in. The results may be lacking, but if Lampard can guide them to safety and be given a full transfer window, things could be on the up at Everton, or the fans believe so anyway. The backing in the stands will also be vital for the players buying into Lampard's system. There is still a long way to go, but with many young stars coming through at Everton, Lampard will be a huge role model, and after his work with Chelsea's youngsters, the future could be bright at Goodison. One of those youngsters coming through is Anthony Gordon, and the 21-year-old is already the shining light in a rather dark and dingy Goodison Park. The young winger continues to impress even when his side aren't performing, and under Lampard he will only get better. Gordon has become a pivotal figure in the Everton side even at such a tender age, and the 21-year-old has already scored three Premier League goals this season. He's also not afraid to get stuck in, and Gordon was putting in some tough challenges to get his side rallying. His attitude is perfect for a young player, and Everton fans will be hoping that Lampard can get the best out of him, just as he did with fellow English stars Mason Mount and Reece James. Dan Burn may have been one of the less glamorous January signings in the Premier League, but he's been one of Newcastle's best players since making the move from Brighton. Newcastle may have signed Chris Wood, Bruno Guimaraes, Matt Targett and Kieran Trippier, but Burn has arguably been their best acquisition so far. He's also crucial to Howe's short-term plan. With Newcastle constantly playing the ball long, Burn becomes a vital asset with his towering height, and he is usually the target from all set pieces. Burn is yet to score his first goal for the club, but he has already registered an assist from a set piece since making the move in January.