Michael Masi is in negotiations with the FIA over another role as he is an “important figure”, according to new FIA President Mohahmmed Ben Sulayem. Speaking after the Abu Dhabi report was released, Ben Sulayem said the FIA wants to “move on” from the final race of 2021. Hamilton was leading the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix before a late race safety car saw Verstappen close in on fresher tyres. It took the Dutchman just half a lap to pass the seven-time champion to claim his maiden title. The FIA report found “human error” was a factor in the carnage but said Masi did act in “good faith”. According to Autosport, Ben Sulayem said: “We are grateful for the three years he invested with us, and he put his time in “But now we are negotiating with him of course to stay in the FIA. He is an important figure to us. Our people are negotiating another place for him within the FIA. READ MORE: Martin Brundle hits out at FIA report findings “Now we want to move on, that we finished with the race in Abu Dhabi, the analysis. Now we have a new race in Bahrain, it’s the beginning of 2022.” The FIA report made a series of recommendations to improve the sport for the new season. One of these is the introduction of a virtual race control room similar to football’s VAR. The race director role has also been split between two people with the DTM’s Niels Wittich and the WEC’s Eduardo Freitas taking over the role.Herbie Blash, who worked alongside the late Charlie Whiting will also be involved in an advisory role. DON'T MISSFIA release report into Hamilton and Verstappen controversy  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen could face new FIA problem [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton gets his wish as FIA changes F1 safety car rule [COMMENT] Ben Sulayem added the role had been split to help solve the issue of “human fatigue” over a 23 race season. He said: “A director cannot be one director. That’s the reason we brought some of our staff back like Herbie, for example, to support the race director. On top of that, we have to do rotations also, not just one. “If you talk about 23 races, human fatigue is there, you’re talking about travels. This is also a solution.” 