Mr Zelensky said to be "grateful" to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge for their decision to "stand by our country" amid the Russian invasion. The president's message was shared on Twitter in English and Ukrainian and was penned also on behalf of his wife Olena. He wrote: "Olena and I are grateful to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge @RoyalFamily that at this crucial time, when Ukraine is courageously opposing Russia's invasion, they stand by our country and support our brave citizens. Good will triumph." This comes after Kate and William took to Twitter to voice their support to the Zelenskys and the people in Ukraine suffering an invasion ordered by Russian President Vladimir Putin. On February 26, the Duke and Duchess tweeted via their official account: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future." The tweet also included a Ukrainian flag emoji and was signed off with Kate and William's initials. As highlighted by the Duke and Duchess in their tweet, they met the Ukrainian presidential couple on October 7 2020, when they held a private audience on behalf of the Queen at Buckingham Palace. Held while Covid restrictions were still in place in the UK, this meeting marked the first official engagement at the London palace since the beginning of the pandemic. The Cambridges have been the only working members of the Firm to publicly voice their support to Ukraine. Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same. READ MORE: Prince George’s rumoured new school However, across the pond, Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, and Prince Harry also voiced their anguish for the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. Sharing a message on Archewell's website, they said on February 24: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same." Kate and Prince William's personal message in support of Ukraine came two days after Putin launched his devastating attack on the European democracy, home to 44 million people. Upon announcing the invasion, Putin declared Russia could not feel "safe, develop and exist" because of what he claimed was a constant threat coming from modern Ukraine.  The Russian leader also claimed his goal was to "demilitarise and de-Nazify" Ukraine - a nation led by a Jewish president. On Sunday, Putin further escalated tensions as he ordered his military to put Russia’s nuclear deterrence forces on high alert after claiming senior officials of Nato countries have allowed "aggressive statements against" Russia. The president's statement was reprimanded by Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg, who told the CNN: "This is dangerous rhetoric. This is a behaviour which is irresponsible." Following the invasion, Russia has been hit by crippling economic sanctions in a bid to force Putin's hand to retrieve his troops from Ukraine. On Monday, Ukrainian and Russian officials met in Belarus for the first time since the beginning of the conflict for their first round of talks. While no decision was taken on the day, Russia said both sides had agreed to continue talking and meet again in the "next few days". After days of strenuous resistance put up by local soldiers and civilians who took up arms to defend their country, Russian troops are closing in on Ukraine's capital, Kyiv. A growing number of civilians have been injured and killed during the clashes. On Monday, missile strikes have killed dozens of people in the country's second city, Kharkiv, while air raid sirens sounded in the Ukrainian capital. Moreover, there have been reports of shelling in the northern city of Chernihiv. Despite the relentless pressure, the three cities remain under Ukrainian control. Mr Zelensky called the Russian bombardment of Kharkiv a "war crime". On February 28, the UN said at least 102 civilians in Ukraine have been killed in the past few days and a further 304 have been injured. However, UN human rights chief Michelle Bachelet said the real figure of casualties was feared to be "considerably higher". Addressing the opening session of the Human Rights Council in Geneva, said: "Most of these civilians were killed by explosive weapons with a wide impact area, including shelling from heavy artillery and multi-launch rocket systems, and air strikes. "The real figures are, I fear, considerably higher."