Meghan and Prince Harry's organisation - Archewell - released a poignant statement regarding the ongoing war in Ukraine. In it, the Duke and Duchess acknowledged the death of a member of their "veteran community" in the war-torn country. It comes after Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops to invade Ukraine on February 24. The royal couple's statement read: "Our hearts are heavy as we acknowledge the recent loss of a member of our veteran community in Ukraine, who was defending his country from attack. "We also pay tribute to the brave men and women from our global veteran community, past and present, who have long protected their countries and families with unparalleled strength and determination. "We are continuing to work and speak with the Invictus Games Foundation daily to help however we can."  While Harry and Meghan did not mention the name of the person who died in Ukraine, they may be referring to Serhii Karaivan, a former trialist for the Invictus Games and Warrior Games for Team Ukraine. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here As announced in a statement shared by the Invictus Games Foundation on March 16, Mr Karaivan died fighting in the war sparked on February 24 by the Russian invasion of Ukraine on March 13. The Foundation's statement also noted "many of the Invictus Games competitors, alongside the staff and team management, signed up to serve once again, many of whom already had injuries sustained in conflict with Russia since 2014." It added: "The Invictus Games Foundation offered support, but as a team they chose to stay, and serve." In the latest Archewell statement it was also revealed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, through their non-profit foundation, have made a series of donations to charities supporting people hit by the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine as well as to some media organisations reporting from the war-torn country. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton 'uninvited' Meghan to her wedding for one reason The statement read: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, through their non-profit Archewell Foundation, have made donations to a number of organizations working on the ground to support the people of Ukraine, including HIAS, The HALO Trust, and a coalition of Ukrainian media such as The Kyiv Independent, supported through the organization Are We Europe. "We are also continuing to work with our partners at World Central Kitchen and The World Health Organization to assist with the global and local humanitarian response to the crisis." The Archewell Foundation partnered up with the World Central Kitchen soon after Meghan and Harry launched their organisation, in a bid to provide service to those hit by natural disasters or create community hubs in regions disproportionately impacted by hunger. In their statement, Meghan and Harry also said: "All of us at Archewell have been inspired by the work these organizations have taken on – and also by the stories from those on the frontlines." DON'T MISS Finally, Archewell provided information regarding some organisations working in Ukraine at the moment. Meghan and Prince Harry have spoken about the ongoing war in Ukraine multiple times in the past few weeks. Hours after Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion of Ukraine, Archewell issued a statement titled "We stand with the people of Ukraine". It read: "Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex and all of us at Archewell stand with the people of Ukraine against this breach of international and humanitarian law and encourage the global community and its leaders to do the same." A few days later, as they accepted the President's Award issued by the NAACP Image Awards, the Duke and Duchess mentioned the crisis in Ukraine in their speech. Prince Harry, a veteran who served twice in Afghanistan, said: "Before we begin, we would like to acknowledge the people of Ukraine who urgently need our continued support as a global community." Prince Harry and Meghan aren't the only members of the Royal Family to have spoken out about the war. Kate and Prince William issued a statement on February 26, in which they recalled their meeting with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky and his wife Olena in 2020 and said they were standing "with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future".  Earlier this month, Kate and William also visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre to learn more about the efforts in place to support Ukrainians. Prince Charles has been outspoken in his condemnation of Putin's invasion of Ukraine, branding it during a speech to Southend-on-Sea a "brutal aggression." Alongside Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the Prince of Wales visited the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London where, in an impromptu speech, he said: "I must say, my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we've heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression." The Queen hasn't spoken publicly about the Russian invasion of Ukraine but did signal her support by making a "generous donation" to the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal. This donation was not made public by Buckingham Palace but, rather in a tweet by DEC.