There is often disparity between the countries of the UK when it comes to social care items like the free bus pass for over 60s. However, even some regions in England will be offering passes to Britons at age 60 even if the national benefit age criteria rises.   The free bus pass currently offered to Britons aged 60 and up could soon change in line with the state pension age of 66. This would see thousands of Britons approaching state pension age being out of pocket for an expense they didn’t plan on having at a time when saving every penny is vital. The decision to increase the eligibility age has been argued by many, but there are four regions in the UK that will retain free bus passes for over 60s. Additionally, aside from the free bus pass there is a range of other travel concessions available for older or disabled Britons. Due to its devolved powers, Scotland will still offer free bus travel around the country at any time for those over the age of 60 through the National Entitlement Card scheme. READ MORE: Council tax: Britons could get £150 rebate quicker by changing payment method     This scheme also makes provisions for free travel for companions, carers and attendants of eligible disabled people of any age. Scots can apply for the NEC through their local authority or the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport. Additionally, card holders in Orkney, Shetland and the Western Isles also receive two free return ferry journeys to the Scottish mainland per year. A few services such as the premium-fare night buses and city sightseeing buses are not a part of the scheme and will not accept the card. In order to be eligible for the NEC, one needs to be over the age of 60 and be a Scotland resident.  Two different passes exist in Northern Ireland depending purely on one’s age: To be eligible for these smartpasses, Britons must meet the qualifying ages and be a permanent resident of Northern Ireland for a minimum of three months. Older Britons applying for the SmartPass must fill out a form and take it in person to their nearest Translink bus or rail station.  Applications must also take a countersigned passport-sized photo and documents to prove their age and residency. This can include:  While both passes allow free travel within Northern Ireland, the Senior SmartPass is also valid for cross border bus and rail services. This also means that Senior SmartPass card holders can use their SmartPasses for free public transport journeys entirely undertaken in the Republic of Ireland. Finally, TFL offers the 60+ London Oyster photocard which entitles holders to free travel on bus, tube, tram, DLR, London Overground, TFL Rail and National Rail services in London. The card also provides discounted fares on the Emirates Air Line and River services. Applicants will need to prove their age and their residence in a London borough in order to receive the card.