Bridgerton’s Simone Ashley, 26, has opened up about how some of the costumes she wore as part of the show caused her “pain”. She also spoke about being cast in the Netflix show and why representation is important to her. Simone Ashley will play Anthony Bridgerton’s love interest in the hit show. Speaking to Glamour magazine, Simone revealed that wearing a corset on-set every day left her with injuries. The actress, who plays Kate Sharma in season two of the popular Netflix period drama, said: “I realised when you wear the corset, you just don’t eat. It changes your body.” Simone added: “I had a smaller waist very momentarily. READ MORE: Louise Minchin praises Carol Kirkwood on move away from BBC Breakfast    “Then the minute you stop wearing it, you’re just back to how your body is. “I had a lot of pain with the corset, too, I think I tore my shoulder at one point!” The Bridgerton actress, who has also played Olivia in the series, Sex Education, alongside Gillian Anderson and Asa Butterfield, also spoke about never imagining she would star in a popular period drama. She explained: “I didn’t really watch period dramas much because I felt like I couldn’t relate to them, maybe because I couldn’t see myself within one, and then Bridgerton came along.”    Bridgerton is a romantic and scandalous show about Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor), the eldest daughter of the powerful Bridgerton family as she tries to find true love. The Sex Education star encouraged women to be more assertive, despite how they may be labelled because of it. She said: “Don’t be afraid to be difficult. It’s a word that we hear a lot these days, ‘Oh, she’s being difficult or tricky,’ when, actually, maybe someone’s just following their instincts and speaking out for themselves, and I think why not?” She explained: “Why wouldn’t you? It’s not a bad thing. You’re just taking care of you.” DON’T MISS:Christian Horner blasted as 'unwatchable' amid F1 backlash [LATEST]Phillip Schofield 'gutted' as host breaks silence on Holly's absence [INSIGHT]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [OPINION]  Simone also spoke about Bridgerton’s diverse cast. She said: “I just always saw myself for my personality and not for the colour of my skin. “Representation matters, and yes, there is a minority that needs to be represented more, and I’m very aware of that… “Everyone should be seen. I think we can all relate to each other in some way.” Simone also spoke about Bridgerton’s diverse cast. She said: “I just always saw myself for my personality and not for the colour of my skin. “Representation matters, and yes, there is a minority that needs to be represented more, and I’m very aware of that… “Everyone should be seen. I think we can all relate to each other in some way.” Read the full interview in the GLAMOUR UK March Digital Issue online now.