Gemma Atkinson, 37, is known most recently for starring in Hollyoaks after joining the show again this year. The former Strictly Come Dancing star attended a photoshoot in Manchester today, documenting her near wardrobe malfunction on Instagram. Gemma posted a series of videos this morning to her Instagram story in view of her 1.7 million followers. At first you can see Gemma at her home as she works out and sorts out her daughter, Mia, for nursery. Then the story jumps to Gemma all dressed up at the Manchester photoshoot. The actress looks stunning in a green two-piece suit and a black silk cami top. READ MORE: 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show She styled the outfit with a gold star necklace and wore her blond tresses in a waved look. In the video, she shows herself and her makeup artist, when she begins: "I'm on a shoot today...." Gemma then screams "OOOOO" as her top begins to fall down, however, she catches it before a serious wardrobe malfunction takes place. She then began the story again, as she said: "I'm on a shoot today. Sheila's done my hair and makeup. "So she will do a little post later with the product list, and it's all animal free. "I'm holding this up because it's a bit big. Arabella has done all the styling for me." Gemma took to Instagram Monday to laugh at a letter she had written to her uncle when she was younger. Her uncle, Clive, dropped off some bits to her house from her childhood, that included a letter she wrote to him at 13-years-old. DON'T MISS... 'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [COMMENT] Peter Bowles dead: To The Manor Born star dies at 85 from cancer [DEATH] Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display in silky blouse [INSTAGRAM] She began to read the card: "Dear Clive, my uncle Clive, thank you very much for your card. "P.s. Here's an autograph before I become famous and don't forget about you..." She then showed her followers the card and finished: "I genuinely signed it." Gemma is happily engaged to Strictly Come Dancing pro Gorka Marquez, with whom she shares Mia. Gemma met her fiancé Gorka when she was competing in Strictly in 2017. They went on to confirm their romance in 2018 after getting to know each other during the BBC show. Prior to her relationship with Gorka, Gemma was engaged to footballer Marcus Bent in 2008 before they parted ways that same year. Gemma also had a brief romance with footballer Cristiano Ronaldo after she split from Marcus.