Netflix has welcomed back Formula 1: Drive to Survive for a fourth outing and the new series covers the 2021 World Championships. Both old and new racers open up in candid interviews about their experiences on and off the track. But one star who does not appear is Max Verstappen, the 2021 Formula One World Champion. The fourth season of Drive to Survive has been labelled as one of the most controversial yet by Netflix. The documentary series offers behind the scenes access to fans so they can witness first-hand how the teams prepare for victory. Never before seen footage will help tell the story of fierce team rivalries. One of which is an infamous battle between Mercedes and Red Bull. The rivalry between Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton and Red Bull's Max Verstappen came to a head in 2021. READ MORE: Max Verstappen refuses to change mind on Netflix's Drive to Survive During the season 22 races took place, making it the longest in F1 history. Hamilton and Verstappen finished in the top two a total of 14 times. The pair were pushed to their limit as they switched places in the top two spots a total of five times. At the end of 2021, Verstappen paid tribute to Hamilton, saying the rivalry pushed them to strive for perfection. However, he does not make a physical appearance in the latest season of Drive To Survive. This is because he opted not to be a part of the series, telling Associated Press: "They faked a few rivalries which they don't really exist. "So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show." At the time he was referring to an alleged argument with Daniel Ricciardo. He said he did not like the way the show had depicted some of the situations in past seasons. The track star added: "I want facts and things that really happen." DON'T MISS... Lewis Hamilton and Toto Wolff’s relationship thrown into doubt [INSIGHT] George Russell breaks down in tears as Netflix teases Drive to Survive [VIDEO] Drive to Survive: Claims Netflix ‘put in scenes that didn't happen' [DISCUSSION] Express.co.uk has contacted Netflix for a comment regarding the claims. Verstappen is on Instagram and he has been keeping fans up to date despite not appearing in the latest Netflix series. He shared some photos of himself in Bahrain ahead of the 2022 season which is about to kick off. His fans wished him luck and were confident he would be crowned champion again. Babbiish shared: "Cantttt wait for thiss (MY) CHAMPIONNN TO WIN THIS 2022!!" [Sic] Max is a Belgian-Dutch racing driver who races under the Dutch flag in Formula One. He is the son of former F1 driver, Jos Verstappen. At just 17 years old, he became the youngest driver to compete in the championship. As of 2021, he had claimed a total of 20 victories and at the Austrian Grand Prix, he scored the first Grand Slam of his career. He is expected to stay with Red Bull until at least the end of the 2028 season.  Formula 1: Drive to Survive is on Netflix now.