Lewis Hamilton could be set for a long weekend at the Bahrain Grand Prix after Mercedes struggled to improve on their pre-season shortcomings over the course of Friday's practice sessions. The Silver Arrows have dominated the Formula One standings for the best part of the last decade but appear to be behind the likes of Red Bull and Ferrari in terms of outright car performance ahead of Sunday's opening race. Mercedes endured a turbulent time of things in pre-season testing as they struggled to get to grips with 'porpoising', a by-product of the ground effect that generates a significant percentage of downforce under the new technical regulations. It results in cars bouncing up and down on long straights and seems to be affecting the Silver Arrows to a greater degree than the vast majority of their Constructors' Championship rivals.Both of their drivers have already insisted that Red Bull and Ferrari will be quicker when the five red lights go out to mark the start of Sunday's race at the Bahrain International Circuit. The German outfit were some way off the pace at the end of FP1 and FP2 and will be desperate to put things right as a matter of urgency over the coming weeks and months.Mercedes trialled a new floor design on Hamilton's car on Friday in an attempt to deal with the 'porpoising' issue, according to Motorsport.com. However, the update failed to make any tangible progress towards finding a solution, with the standard version of the floor having performed better than the modified design that was tested by the seven-time world champion. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton ‘on his last F1 contract’ as next career move named It is said that Mercedes may have lost some correlation between their simulator data and the track and have been 'suffering like no other' in their efforts to curb the bouncing on the straights. It remains to be seen whether a quick fix can be engineered ahead of Sunday's race or if the Silver Arrows will be forced to deal with not being competitive during the early stages of the new campaign. Hamilton clearly struggled with the problem throughout both sessions on Friday and failed to lay a glove on the likes of Max Verstappen, Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz near the top of the timing sheets. Russell, who was running the original version of the floor design, fared slightly better in FP1 and FP2 but was still over half a second adrift of the pace-setters. Meanwhile, it has been suggested that Mercedes may be 'sandbagging' in order to hide their true pace until Saturday's qualifying session after pulling off similar tricks to deceive their rivals over the last few years. Hamilton insisted after pre-season testing that Mercedes are not keeping anything under wraps and could genuinely struggle this year in spite of the accusations that have been levelled at the Silver Arrows by the rest of the grid."We’ll be really, really, really good if we were having all these oversteer moments and tacky driving just to hide our cards," the Brit told reporters. "That’s not the case. We have things we’re trying to get through, others are struggling less." 