Last week, Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a full-scale invasion of the former Soviet country. Putin's has yet to take the country after Ukrainians have valiantly fought against the Russian military. On Tuesday, reports suggested Russian troops have begun deserting Putin's invasion and headed back to Moscow "on foot". According to reports, many Russian soldiers have been taken into captivity. Now, the Guardian columnist has urged for people to stop posting images of prisoners of war on social media under the Geneva Convention. He tweeted: "Everyone posting of pictures of Prisoners of War on social media needs to stop. "Doing so risks breaching the Geneva Convention, which protects POWs from 'public curiosity'. "Ukraine's resistance against Russian aggression is righteous: there's no need to cross these red lines." Under Article 13 of the Geneva Convention, it states any prisoners of war must "at all times be humanely treated". It adds: "Likewise, prisoners of war must at all times be protected, particularly against acts of violence or intimidation and against insults and public curiosity." On Monday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced any prisoners with combat experience will be released from jail and help defend Ukraine from Russia's invasion. READ MORE: Camilla in tears on emotional visit to Ukrainian Cathedral He said: "Under martial law, Ukrainians with real combat experience will be released from custody and will be able to compensate for their guilt in the hottest spots of the conflict. "We have taken a decision which is not easy from the moral point of view, but which is useful from the point of view of our defences. "The key is now defence." Mr Zelensky also appealed to the EU, requesting the bloc allow Ukraine to join immediately in the face of Russian aggression. DON'T MISS Putin nightmare: Georgia launches EU bid as Ukraine war sparks rush [INSIGHT] Ukrainians block roads leading to Europe's largest power plant [REVEAL] Ukrainian Embassy in London under 'massive' cyberattack [INSIGHT] In his video address, he continued: "We appeal to the European Union for the immediate accession of Ukraine via a new special procedure. "Our goal is to be together with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be on an equal footing. "I'm sure it's fair. I'm sure it's possible." According to CNN, more than 2,000 Ukrainian civilians have been killed during Russia's invasion. Kyiv's State Emergency Service said: "More than 2,000 Ukrainians died, not counting our defenders." However, the United Nations' reported civilian death toll is far lower, although they cautioned the real toll is likely to be "much higher". In a statement on Tuesday, the UN office said: “Most of these casualties were caused by the use of explosive weapons with a wide impact area, including shelling from heavy artillery and multiple launch rocket systems, and air strikes. “These are only the casualties we were able to cross-check, and the real toll is likely to be much higher."