Elton John’s annual Oscars viewing party is a staple of the awards season. However, this year, the legendary singer is not making an appearance at the event as he took to social media to share his “sadness”. Elton is currently on his Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour, performing around the US. He had kept the original Oscars date free but when the Academy Awards were rescheduled he wasn’t able to attend. The singer took to Instagram to address his absence earlier this evening. He penned in view of his four million followers: “So sad to be missing out on these family photos from #EJAFOscars tonight with @DavidFurnish, @LadyGaga and the boys.  “But I’m sending my love to everyone for their support of @EJAF. “It means the world to us!” Elton also shared an adorable picture of his husband and sons posing with Lady Gaga. The singer had skipped the main Oscars red carpet to attend Elton’s party.  The Hollywood star oozed glamour as she wore a pale yellow sleeveless dress. Elton’s event is all run for charity, supporting the Elton John AIDS Foundation. The event is also set to feature a performance by singer Brandi Carlile. Speaking to Good Morning America last week, Elton said he was “heartbroken” to miss the event. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions [INTERVIEW]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [PICTURES]   He said: “It breaks my heart but I can’t be there, because it’s an event that means so much to us.” Brandi added: “We’re going to try to make up for Elton not being there by me wearing something outrageous. “You have to rise to the occasion, because he’s going to see the pictures and let you know if you don’t.” Plenty of stars stepped out for Elton’s annual event.  Demi Levato turned heads as they wore an all-black gown paired with matching black gloves. Donatella Versace opted for a show-stopping red latex dress for the event. Jane Seymour looked beautiful in a green sequin gown. While Heidi Klum and Tom Kaulitz brought the glamour in their sparkling outfits. 