Joining The One Show presenters Alex Jones and Ronan Keating, Kate Garraway opened up on the "amazing" response she received from the public who watched the ITV documentary Caring for Derek. Kate's husband, Derek Draper, has been suffering from COVID-19 for over a year, and Kate has documented his health journey for others to see. Whilst some found the documentary to be exploitive of Derek's private life, Kate admitted she received an abundance of support from everyone who has followed both of their journeys. Talking to Alex and Ronan about the response, she said: "It has been amazing, and people have been so kind generally, it is one of the lovely things, I am sure you get it on this show as well. "One of the lovely things about the horror story that we have lived through with the pandemic and now the terrifying stuff that is going on on the international stages. "People are very kind and amazing and [have] reached out, and it kind of gives you faith in humanity, doesn't it? "I guess with this documentary, Caring For Derek, really the focus was intended to be on carers generally. "The professional carers who are extraordinary, but also the sort of 'unpaid' if you like, other than with love, carers of loved ones, parents, kids, partners. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series "And there are millions of them, and it is such a wonderful thing to be able to care for someone you love, but it is a tough thing, and it is a tough thing for the carer. "It is very hard for the person being cared for, so it was just trying to say, salute everybody out there and give them some support," she revealed. Agreeing, Alex said: "If anybody hasn't seen it, watch it!" The documentary, which aired last Tuesday, received plenty of support on social media, with many praising Kate for her courage. @LaurenJ77 said: "Oh my goodness, @kategarraway‘s #caringforderek documentary! That’s what true love is! Sending love and prayers to Derek and this beautiful family for his recovery xxxxx." @Nicgreeny commented: "Felt so emotional watching @kategarraway and her beautiful children in #CaringforDerek. So heartbreaking for them all. The love you could see in his eyes when the kids hugged him made me cry every time." Dan Chisholm added: "What a documentary; what an amazing person @kategarraway is. I sincerely hope Derek’s treatment brings positive results. #caringforderek was a tough watch, but Kate’s determination, strength and courage is extraordinary. Love conquers all." Skylar wrote: "Watching caring for Derek. What a truly wonderful person @kategarraway is. A remarkable family and the children are amazing, and Derek is so brave #caringforderek I have every faith in a full recovery #fighting." DON'T MISS...'I'm really struggling' Kate Garraway opens up on 'absent' husband [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway admits 'needing more support' to care for Derek [LATEST]Kate Garraway' feeling positive' as she details Derek's treatments [WATCH] However, despite the love she received, some people felt she was exploiting Derek's condition and felt he deserved more privacy. Lori Sutton explained: "I think it’s a shame what’s happened with Derek, but I feel televising his struggle is a bit of an invasion of HIS privacy. #CaringForDerek." Whilst @AListLondon_LA said: "Derek was once a proud professional his dining needs to be protected he is being exploited and humiliated #caringforDerek #gmb." (sic) The Caring for Derek documentary was a follow up to Finding Derek, where Kate gave an update on his condition and saw him finally come home after a year in hospital. Speaking on Zoe Ball's Breakfast Show on Radio 2, Kate revealed the challenges she has faced since having Derek home. "It’s a very, very tough thing to do because it is physically demanding and emotionally demanding," she said. "You know, it’s a wonderful honour to be able to do it, but we do need more support." Kate revealed in the documentary that she wakes up every two hours to help the overnight carer move Derek in bed. She also has to change his bed linen seven times a day to avoid infection and keep him comfortable, as well as help him with everyday tasks such as going to the toilet. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.