A Place In The Sun newcomer Craig Rowe, 49, is the latest addition to the Channel 4 lineup and has assisted potential house hunters in finding their dream property abroad. The savvy property investor now owns a couple of buy-to-let properties and is considering purchasing his very own place in the sun overseas. The Channel 4 star revealed that he began his property journey decades ago at the tender age of 25. The presenter explained that he teamed up with his sister to secure their first mortgage but added that it took a lot of hard work. Craig shared that he ended up working three different jobs in a bid to save enough money for a deposit. He said: "I bought my first flat in north west London when I was 25. So I actually started quite young really. READ MORE: Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' "But the reason I was able to do that was because I bought it with my sister. We got a joint mortgage. "My sister had two jobs at the time and I had three jobs at the time. My sister is younger than me and she was only 20 but we worked really hard." He continued: "We borrowed a little bit from the bank for a deposit and we got the maximum mortgage that we could get for our money." The small-screen star admitted their first purchase made him catch the "property bug" and he had been developing his property portfolio ever since.  "When I look back, I'm really proud that we did that as siblings," Craig shared. "It was really brave of us and we did it." He continued: "The first place we bought was a decent property. It was quite old-fashioned. "I think that's when I caught the bug." The property expert was also able to test out his interior design skills as he took on decorating the purchase. DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart's wife Penny Lancaster kisses Dettori at Cheltenham[LATEST]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase[TV]Billie Faiers 'livid' as stranger slaps son Arthur, 5, during flight[ADMISSION] Craig commented: "I did most of the work and then I realised that I was quite good at opening spaces and brightening places up. "I think that spurred me onto the next place and then the next place." The Channel 4 presenter recently renovated an ex-council flat which he has since made his home. "Where I live now, I'm very proud of what I achieved here because it's an old council flat and I've made it modern and very chic," he remarked. "But I think it started with that first property 20 years ago when I realised I liked opening spaces. "I enjoyed the journey of taking something a little bit outdated and old-fashioned and making it bright and modern." Meanwhile, viewers can now catch Craig advising house hunters on where to purchase the perfect home abroad. A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm. 