 Raj Bisram and Charles Hanson toured around Wales in a recent episode of Antiques Road Trip as they hoped to find interesting items they could turn a profit on at auction. As Charles delved into the back of one antiques shop he uncovered a silver tea set. The expert snapped the items up for just £10 and was delighted when he sold them for a hefty profit.   READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot?  However, he soon revealed there was more to the tea set: “You’ve also got… it’s not a loving cup, because it's got two handles, this is a sugar bowl. “It matches the teapot because you’ve got the angular handles like that, very aesthetic. This is, I think around 1875, 1880,” Charles said. “There’s also in the cabinet the jug that goes with it for your milk and cream,” he added, pointing out that it also featured the same style of handle. “I love the fact it's got a coat of arms, so it’s quite regal in some respects. It’s a coat of arms on each object that matches up,” the expert explained.    Charles revealed: “Every interior lid of that, and also the sugar bowl is beautifully gilt, which again, is a sure sign of quality.” The owner of the shop asked for £10 for the set of three items and Charles replied: “I won’t negotiate. That’s a good price.” Later on in the episode, Charles regrouped with Raj and insisted he was keen to see how the tea set did at auction. “This I hope is a big find. There might be tremors across Wales when the gavel falls,” Charles enthused. DON'T MISS...‘Not realistic at all!’ Our House viewers fume over ‘plot hole’ [MUST SEE]Death in Paradise star shares first impression of ‘crazy’ newcomer [INSIGHT]Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s left penniless after betrayal? [MUST SEE]  He was soon proved right when the auctioneer started the bidding at £120. “Yes, we’ve got it! Yes!” Charles exclaimed, delighted to be getting an enormous profit. As the bids came flooding in and quickly reached £160, Charles excitedly said: “Good lad, good lad.” “Wow. Spot on,” Raj remarked, clearly impressed by his co-star’s success. “Thank you mate,” Charles replied, as he watched the bids continue to soar.    The tea set eventually sold for a total of £260, with Charles exclaiming: “Yes!” Raj congratulated Charles on the impressive £250 profit he had secured. Watching the excitement unfold, Antiques Road Trip narrator Tim Wonnacott confessed: “I think I need to sit down. That is outstanding.” “Oh I can’t believe that. I’m quite excited. Yeah, good stuff,” Charles said. Antiques Road Trip airs weekdays at 4:30pm on BBC One. 