The princess was one of many young royals who attended the remembrance service on Tuesday, where royals, politicians and dignitaries gathered to pay tribute to the life of the late Duke of Edinburgh, who passed away last April aged 99. Princess Charlotte was joined by her brother, eight-year-old Prince George, in a rare public appearance at Westminster Abbey.  They were seen holding hands with their parents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, as they paid tribute to their much-loved great-grandfather after they were unable to attend his funeral last April due to COVID-19 restrictions. Royal fans were delighted by the siblings’ grown-up behaviour as they smiled at the assembled crowds and even greeted members of the clergy, in what was dubbed their first “royal line up”. Prince Charlotte in particular drew admiration from viewers, who remarked that the youngster seemed to have inherited the good traits of many of the women in the family. Author Fern Britton tweeted: “Watching the #DukeofEdinburghs memorial yesterday, it struck me how wonderfully tough the women are. “I think it must have come from Queen Mary and The Queen Mum. The Queen has passed it to Princess Anne and William has passed it Princess Charlotte. She’s deffo got it.”  Another twitter user suggested Charlotte could have inherited her strength from her grandmother, the late Princess Diana. The user, Jenny, wrote: “Maybe Princess Charlotte also gets it from her Grandmother, Princess Diana who was strong but also kind.” Speaking to the BBC, royal expert Roya Nikkhah praised the princess as a “natural”. Ms Nikkhah said: "She's an absolute natural Princess Charlotte, isn't she?" The young siblings shook hands with members of the clergy as they entered Westminster Abbey, with Charlotte flashing a winning smile. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte melts hearts as she shares adorable interaction  The family then took their seats for the service, which was attended by over 200 guests. Journalist Huw Edwards, who led the BBC’s coverage, applauded George and Charlotte’s “nice smiles” and “firm” handshakes. Charlotte and George were joined by their royal cousins Lena and Mia Tindall, the daughters of Zara and Mike Tindall, and Savannah and Isla Philips, the children of Peter Philips and wife Autumn, also attended the ceremony. The youngest generation of royals were unable to attend the Duke’s funeral last April due to COVID-19 restrictions, which meant only 30 guests were allowed at the ceremony. The Cambridge’s youngest child, three-year-old Louis, did not join his family at the ceremony. DON'T MISS:Queen's decision to travel with Andrew a 'show of support' to her son [INSIGHT]PMQs LIVE: Furious tax row erupts as Boris blasts at Starmer [LIVE]Met Office issues NINE weather warnings as UK to be smashed by snow [BREAKING]  Tuesday’s service was attended by 1,800 people, including senior royals, political leaders and representatives from many of Prince Philip’s charities, including the Duke of Edinburgh award. Unlike Prince Philip’s funeral in April when the Queen was pictured sitting alone, the Monarch was joined on the front row with her two eldest children, Prince Charles and Princess Anne. The Queen’s other two sons, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward, were also across the aisle. Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, were notably absent from their ceremony, having not travelled from California where they live. 