Luke Morgan went to assist his mother and father-in-law to flee Ukraine following the Russian invasion. Speaking on BBC Breakfast, he explained how difficult it had been to get close to having acceptable documents needed in order to get back home with his relatives. Becoming emotional, he slammed the government's "lack of humanity". "Luke, what is the situation for you?" asked BBC Breakfast host Sally Nugent. "Are you any closer to getting your family home?" Looking exasperated, Luke explained: "So, my family left Ukraine on 26 February, it took them around 72 hours to arrive in France, they queued for 24 hours to get out of Ukraine. "On Tuesday 1 March, we tried to cross the border at Calais following announcements from Boris Johnson and Priti Patel saying that refugees would be welcomed with open arms and the visa process would be scrapped. "We tried to cross the border in Calais on Tuesday and we were turned away and taken back by French police. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? "The UK border guards simply told us to call UK VI, which is the visa department at the Home Office. "When I called them they said they hadn't yet got any system in place to accept Ukrainian refugees, so we spent two days in Calais." He continued: "I was running around the mayor's office, I was contacting various different people and a really kind gentleman called Antoine helped us in a refugee centre in Calais. "He helped me submit some visa applications. Then on Thursday, we were sent to Brussels. "I arrived in Brussels, the office closed at 3pm, so Friday morning, we were seen in Brussels. "Initially, we were told they wouldn't see us because we didn't have an appointment and then they took their biometrics and they wouldn't take any supporting documents and they sent me to Pairs. "So I got to Paris, they wouldn't take supporting documents. So we've been in Paris since Friday, waiting." Co-host Jon Kay asked: "Luke, what do you make of the UK government response on visas? DON'T MISS... EastEnders' Gray Atkins to lose custody of his children? [SPOILER]Martin Compston details 'awkward' intimate scenes on set 'Boundaries' [EXCLUSIVE]Schofield hits back as guest blames Brexit for refugee crisis [VIDEO]  "They say they are surging it and increasing but somebody who's living through it right now, how would you describe it?" "I'm ashamed," Luke replied, clearly getting choked up. "I'm ashamed at the lack of support the lack of humanity. "I think the lies and deceit is shameful what's being said in Parliament and on Boris Johnson's visits to Ukrainian churches, it's simply not true." He added: "I've turned up at the border, I'm with my wife's elderly parents and my wife's sister - they qualify to enter the UK and they're not letting them in. "It's a shambles and it's incredibly upsetting." Luke explained his situation is common, continuing: "The only nice thing out of all of this is to see the humanity of the French and the Germans and the Belgians - they are so kind. "And they're trying to help people so much and I just wish the same could be said for our government." BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.