Tom Parker, 33, is set to detail his gruelling battle with brain cancer in a new book. The singer announced the news in a new video shared on his Instagram account with his 300,000 followers. The Glad You Came singer stressed that the new book was “not about dying: It's a book about living". The video featured an animation of a book with flipping pages, with clips of important moments in Tom's life playing on them. Some of the clips show Tom with his wife, Kelsey Hardwick, and their children Aurelia, two, and son Bodhi, one. Tom’s The Wanted bandmates also featured alongside him in parts of the video. He captioned the post: “Hi, I’m Tom Parker, a lot of you know me as one fifth of The Wanted, but I am also a father, a husband, and a son, that’s battling brain cancer. “My book, coming this July, is not about dying: It's a book about living. “It's a book about finding hope in whatever situation you're dealt, and living your best life no matter what.” Tom concluded: “It will show you how having faith in hope and daring to dream means you can carry on, against all odds. Pre order your copy now.” Fans and friends of the pop star rushed to the post’s comments section to express their support for his new project. Krstylauraloo wrote: “I’m so behind proud of you Tommy! (sic) “What a smashing soul you are.” Kellydaviies added: “You are amazing Tom!! DON'T MISSChristopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair' [INSIGHT]ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [NEWS]'Thought he was doing Mastermind' Rylan mocks snap of Prince Harry [LATEST] “I can’t wait to read it. So inspiring.” Gemmapook.x penned: “My son is also battling brain cancer I've been following you for sometime and what an inspiration you are. “I’ll be getting your book to read during our time in hospital x” Tom announced in October 2020 that he had been diagnosed with an inoperable grade 4 glioblastoma multiforme. He has since been using his Instagram platform to share regular updates on his health status with his fans. After six rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapies, his tumour was declared “stable” following an MRI scan in November. Tom also filmed a documentary called Inside My Head, which shows viewers what life is like when living with a condition such as glioblastoma, a fast-growing and aggressive tumour.