Manchester United have been hit with two injury blows ahead of Sunday’s Premier League match with Manchester City. Cristiano Ronaldo will miss the game through injury, with the Portugal international robbed of the chance to play in his first derby at the Etihad Stadium since 2009. And Edinson Cavani has also been sidelined. Manchester United go up against Manchester City seeking a return to winning ways. While results have improved under Ralf Rangnick, the Red Devils have failed to win their last two matches against Watford and Atletico Madrid respectively. And United will now enter the match with City without Ronaldo and Cavani, with the club’s two golden oldies both sidelined. So, with that being the case, Rangnick will have to get creative. It’s possible Jadon Sancho will be used in the No 9 role, with the former Borussia Dortmund star sometimes deploy there during his time in the Bundesliga. Anthony Elanga is another option, especially with the 19-year-old winning Rangnick’s trust throughout the German’s time in charge so far. United may use Bruno Fernandes as a false nine, too. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz However, the most probable outcome is Rangnick using Marcus Rashford in a central position as they look to claim all three points. Speaking before the match with City, the United interim boss backed the 24-year-old by saying he possessed all the attributes to be a world-class modern forward. "With Marcus Rashford, we have another player [who I have] continuously been behind and [will work] with, to develop him,” he said. "We have seen that with other players in the past and I don’t see why this shouldn’t happen with Marcus. “He’s got abundant talent, he’s got the pace, the physicality. He’s got everything you need for a modern striker, not only if he is playing from the wing or in the centre. "I will put all my energy in that to help him to take the same pathway that other players did in the last three months.” Rashford has scored four goals against City from 14 outings over the course of his career. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message And, if used in the No 9 position, it will be a tactic that dates back to Louis van Gaal’s spell in the dugout. When Rashford burst onto the scene in 2016, United’s options up top were limited. Anthony Martial had enjoyed a positive start to his Old Trafford career at the time yet was inconsistent in patches. Wayne Rooney, meanwhile, was a player Van Gaal would later admit was ‘over the hill’ at the time of his appointment. When United were without the pair for a Europa League match with FC Midtjylland, Van Gaal used Rashford as a striker. And he stuck with that tactic over the remainder of the campaign, seeing the England international net a respectable eight goals from 18 matches. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here With United’s options up top now limited, Rangnick seems to have no choice but use Rashford in a central area. And if the forward gets the nod, he’ll be hoping to stun City and help his side boost their chances of Champions League qualification. Rangnick, meanwhile, has shut down talk of a fractured dressing room prior to the match with Pep Guardiola’s team. “Players should know they have to perform to play or even for a new contract or to be kept in the club,” said the 63-year-old. “That should be the case all the time in professional football. “That might be a bit simplistic, but for us it’s about getting the best out of this current squad. “I can assure you the atmosphere in the locker room, the focus in training, we have no issues. “All that about outside noises, about players not being focused in training, is not correct. “They get on well with each other, they have a full focus in every session. “It’s all about getting the best possible result in the coming games.” United beat City 2-0 in the same fixture last season. Bruno Fernandes opened the scoring via the penalty spot, with Luke Shaw then doubling their lead.