Raphinha has reportedly turned his nose up at Leeds' latest contract offer despite the new deal being double his current wages. Leeds are desperate to tie Raphinha down to a new deal with the winger attracting interest from all over Europe. Back-to-back wins over Norwich and Wolves have seen Leeds move clear of the relegation zone to give them a stronger negotiating position. But Raphinha seemingly has lofty heights of a big-money move to clubs competing in Europe in the near future. Leeds have seemingly accepted that Raphinha will move on eventually, but they want to receive what they believe the Brazilian is worth in today's market. According to Brasil UOL, Leeds want to insert a release clause into Raphinha's contract worth around £70million. Raphinha is reportedly not happy with that figure as he feels it would price him out of a move to clubs. Liverpool, Bayern Munich and Barcelona are named as clubs to have made 'concrete surveys' on a potential move this summer. JUST IN: Liverpool told to sign £50m star who Man Utd made have made top target  Raphinha has scored nine goals and provided three assists in 26 Premier League games this season. But the 25-year-old has found the net only once in his previous 11 league games. Speaking last week, Jesse Marsch was hopeful that he could get the best out of Raphinha moving forward. "Raphinha is clearly a special player," Marsch said. "I like his talent and I have had a lot of success working with young talented attacking players. "I'll keep working with him to help him understand how he can fit into what we're doing. The team is always the most important, but with every individual you have to get to know what makes them tick, how they respond to good and bad things, and get to the core of it. DON'T MISS  "I have had some good interaction and conversations with them. "His role has changed a bit in terms of tactically what I want him to do on the pitch, but he's responded really well. "He's another guy who wants it so bad. He tries everything he can but what happens with all of them is it becomes individual instead of it being the collective and how it all fits together."