When Princess Diana was 14 years old, her father John Spencer, Viscount Althorp inherited his title, so the family moved to Althorp in 1976. Diana often spoke about her childhood and her parents' relationship, however, she reportedly loved Althorp. A former Althorp cook, Betty Andrews, told the BBC in 1997: "Looking back, it was probably the happiest time of her life.”  The grand stately home was in Diana’s family for over five centuries, with 20 generations having lived there. Her aristocratic bloodline even traces back to George Washington. Diana's father remarried Raine McCorquodale, the daughter of the romantic novelist Dame Barbara Cartland, in 1976. After taking over Althorp he was forced to sell many treasures to pay for its upkeep and even started producing his own wine. The 90-room house was built in 1508 on a beautiful estate covering over 500 acres.  READ MORE: William issued warning by 'worried' Queen In the grounds, there were cottages, farms, woodland and entire villages, which would have been great fun for Lady Diana as a child. Fallow deer have roamed Althorp since the 16th century and the estate is home to many native bird species such as barn owls and grey partridge. The South Drawing Room is where the family hosted guests and from the Althorpe House Instagram page, royal fans can see some portraits on the walls. There is a picture of Lady Georgina Spencer as a child, or better known as the Duchess of Devonshire portrayed by Kiera Knightly in the film ‘The Duchess’.  There have been many comparisons drawn between her life and Princess Diana's. The King William bedroom, decorated in blues and yellows, was Diana's favourite place to sleep when she returned to visit Althorp after she was married. Diana reportedly loved the grounds and the house, and from the beautiful pictures, it is clear why. Having inherited Althorp House, her brother, Lord Charles Spencer, now resides there with his family. The Althorp House website reads: “Charles, Ninth Earl Spencer has been in charge for 29 of the House’s 500-year history but has striven in that time to make a positive difference, by taking an uncompromising approach to the continuing wellbeing of Althorp. “Showcasing one of Europe’s finest private collections of furniture, paintings and ceramics, each intriguing room of this magnificent family home has a fascinating story of its own.”   Princess Diana stayed at Althorp House in Northamptonshire until she married the Prince of Wales in 1981, and it was also the location Diana and Charles first met. Prince Charles was introduced by Diana's sister Sarah Spencer, who he had previously dated. Charles Spencer often shares glimpses inside Althorp on social media for royal fans to enjoy. Charles posted about the library on his Instagram account, calling it his favourite room in the house. It features wooden floors with three large rugs, cream walls with shelves of books, and red armchairs and sofas. There are also several chandeliers. A photo of Earl Charles Spencer in the library in 1990 revealed a photo of Princess Diana on his desk.   There is a grand hallway for Althorp House. It has a large staircase with wooden bannisters and chandeliers, and gold paintings on the walls. The Wootton Hall takes its name from the artist John Wootton, whose works are on the walls. It features Italian marble flooring, where Princess Diana would famously practice her tap dancing. Althorp House also has its own billiard room, complete with a large pool table. It is decorated with blue walls and a gold and cream ceiling, with several photos hanging on the walls. Princess Diana tragically died on August 31, 1997, 24 years ago today. 