Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon this week reiterated her plans for independence. She said the biggest threat to Scotland in the next few years will be the country failing to seize the opportunity to become independent. Ms Sturgeon added: “For Scotland specifically I think the biggest threat is we don’t take the opportunity to put ourselves in charge of our own destiny and fully equip ourselves to make the most of all these massive advantages we have got. “If we allow ourselves to stay governed by, constrained by, have our ambitions and our aspirations limited by Westminster, we will not fulfil the massive potential we have got. “We will go some of the way to do that, but we will stop short. “So I think the biggest threat to Scotland over the next few years is not becoming independent — and conversely the biggest opportunity for us is becoming independent.” Ms Sturgeon made the comments on the Cultural Coven podcast. The SNP has long pushed for Scottish independence, but one issue that has repeatedly cropped up for the party is its economic plan for a breakaway. In March 2021, the free market supporting pressure group, The Taxpayer's Alliance, warned that an independent Scotland would need to raise the basic rate of income tax to 46 pence in the pound. The group's analysis said Scottish spending could not be supported without the tax spike. Its research also found that due to the high level of spending, the Scottish deficit was 14 times higher than the European average, at 8.6 percent of GDP. Due to COVID-19, August 2021's Government Expenditure & Revenue Scotland figures saw the deficit increase to a staggering 22.4 percent. John O’Connell, chief executive of the TaxPayers' Alliance, commented on the research at the time. He said: "Scottish taxpayers expect their leaders to get to grips with the reality of Scotland’s fiscal position. “An independent Scotland would start life with new economic freedoms, but also retain a fiscal deficit considerably larger than any other European country, with high levels of public spending and tax revenues which fall well short. “Politicians need to have an honest debate about the public finances, whatever their position on the Union.” READ MORE: Nicola Sturgeon blasted amid ferry chaos 'Take responsibility!' Analysis by the London School of Economics in February 2021 claimed that Scotland leaving the UK “would be two to three times more costly” than Brexit. The creation of a border between Scotland and the rest of the UK would increase costs by 15 percent in an “optimistic scenario”, and 30 percent in a “pessimistic scenario", the report claimed. Earlier this month, Ms Sturgeon backed independence to be "integral" to Scotland's economic success after the SNP published its strategy for the economy. The proposals received a mixed response, with businessman Sir Tom Hunter suggesting the strategy needs to be more business-led. Discussing the response to the strategy, Ms Sturgeon said: “It’s a fact of life and a healthy part of a democracy that people will criticise government strategies. “We’re focused on delivering this strategy, I think it’s the right one, it’s got the right level of ambition but, more importantly, it’s got the right focus on delivery. DON'T MISS MSP warns ferry fiasco could be 'final chapter' for Nicola Sturgeon [INSIGHT] SNP savaged as A&E waiting times in Scotland hit record high [ANALYSIS] 'A gift to Putin' Sturgeon slammed for posing 'threat' to NATO [INSIGHT] “The STUC (Scottish Trades Union Congress) were part of the team that put the strategy together and we’ll work with them, we’ll work with businesses to deliver it. “I would appeal to everybody across the trade union movement and the business community for all of us to come together right now and focus on delivering the ambition that Kate Forbes set out in the strategy yesterday.” The SNP’s policy of holding a second Scottish independence referendum before the end of next year does not look “particularly credible”, former First Minister Alex Salmond has said. Mr Salmond said he thought it was unlikely that another vote on Scotland’s future in the UK would be held by the end of 2023 as Nicola Sturgeon has said is her aim. He argued that Scots were “uncomfortable” with the idea of another referendum on such a tight timetable, which would make it harder for the Yes side to win any campaign.