Shane Warne died at age 52 last Friday of natural causes after having a suspected heart attack. Liz Hurley, 56, has dedicated an Instagram post to her ex-fiancé's daughters, in aid of International Women's Day, making sure his daughters know how strong they are during this hard time. Shane was married to Simone Callahan prior to his relationship with Liz and had three children, Brooke, Jackson and Summer. Following the end of his marriage, he and Liz began dating but called off their engagement in 2013. Liz has taken to Instagram to dedicate a post to Shane's daughters after their father's tragic passing last week. The model posted a string of three pictures of herself with Summer and Brooke, along with a heartfelt message. READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz In view of her 2.3 million followers, she penned: "I dedicate this #internationalwomensday to two brave, beautiful women @brookewarne and @summerwarne. "I love you both so much and have the happiest memories of our times together. "Your daddy loved you with all his heart." Many social media users took to the comments to praise Liz for her act of kindness and comfort the Warne family. Kimgelber said: "Such beautiful words." Florencenfred added: "Beautiful! My heart aches for you all - such a terrible loss and so young." Emmafarah1 commented: "Beautiful words and post @elizabethhurley1. "My heart goes out to you all xxxxx." Liz recently responded to Summer's Instagram post as she shared memories with her late father. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT] 'Constantly in pain' Karen Hauer details gruelling Strictly schedule [STRICTLY] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen makes emotional plea [COMMENT] Liz left a comment on the heartbreaking post, writing: “I love you, Summer. Your daddy worshipped you [heart emoji].” Next to the collection of photographs and videos, Summer wrote: "There [are] no words. "It feels like I'm dreaming, waiting for someone to wake me up and tell me that you’re okay. "This can’t be real life. There’s no way that life is this cruel to the most beautiful people on this earth. She ended the post: "I love you dad, forever and always will be my Father no matter where you are. Love your little girl SJ and I will continue to make you proud." (sic) Liz also took to Instagram on Saturday to break her silence after the shocking news broke on Friday. The model shared a string of pictures of the couple along with the words: "I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever. "RIP my beloved Lionheart @shanewarne23." The cricketer's post mortem revealed he died of natural causes, with Deputy national police spokesman Kissana Phathanacharoe said in a statement yesterday: "Today investigators received the autopsy result, in which the medical opinion is that the cause of death is natural."