 A new report, Pathways to Net Zero, has suggested that a 25 percent reduction in car travel is needed by 2030 to ensure the UK stays on track to achieve net zero emissions. The report also concluded that a major overhaul of the current system of taxation is needed to account for billions of pounds worth of losses within the next eight years.  A previous report from the Transport Select Committee found that the Treasury may be left with a £35billion black hole as revenue from fuel duty and Vehicle Excise duty (VED) disappears. This includes £28billion per year from fuel duty and £6.5billion from VED. If VAT from fuel is added to the total, the Treasury could be losing out on £40billion. From 2030, the Government will ban the sale of new petrol and diesel vehicles, followed by a similar ban on hybrid vehicles from 2035. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered  It is expected that this will cause a huge reduction in revenue for the Government to spend on road maintenance and other transport investments. The Greener Transport Systems report states: “Road pricing has always been the most effective way to tackle traffic congestion and reduce pollution but now there is a fiscal imperative. “Whilst this is a compelling argument for the Treasury, the benefits to the public of any future change in how we pay for road use should be framed in terms of reducing carbon and congestion, cleaner air and more equitable access to transport. “As fuel duty and VED receipts diminish it would be inequitable in the extreme if road infrastructure was financed from general taxation. DON'T MISSNew parking law would see drivers charged £550 per space [SHOCKING]UK needs to 'shift burden away' from car ownership [WARNING]Motorists could earn £1,000 for installing an EV charger at home [INSIGHT]  “This would mean non car owners, a high percentage of them on low income, cross subsidising motorists. “We need to accelerate the shift to zero emissions vehicles. At the same time, some form of road pricing will be essential. “Firstly, to replace receipts from fuel duty and VED. Secondly, to reduce vehicle mileage.” Many organisations have warned that a switch in taxation systems would have a massive impact on working class people.   The report also called on the Government to signal that from 2030 fuel duty and VED will be abolished. It believes that this should be replaced by a mandatory road user charge based on distance and congestion, which will apply to all road vehicles, to coincide with the ban on sales of new petrol and diesel cars. This comes as the Government pledged to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 78 percent by 2035, putting the UK at the “forefront of international ambition”. Despite this, the policy was criticised by the Climate Change Committee for failing to match policies to rhetoric.  The report said there is still “much more work to do” to reduce traffic levels and to understand the emissions impacts of supply chains. The Major of London has pledged 27 percent reduction in car miles by 2030, while the Scottish Government has pledged a 20 percent reduction. Research from the Green Alliance has shown that a reduction in car miles of between 20 and 27 percent will be needed by 2030. Transport emissions in the UK are only three percent lower than they were in 1990, with people driving more and in larger vehicles.