The French President has been one of the EU and NATO’s most prominent figures in the past month, as the West unites in its condemnation of Putin’s unprovoked invasion of Ukraine. However, Mr Macron has found himself at loggerheads with UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson this week over how NATO should approach supporting Ukraine. Mr Johnson is trying to persuade NATO allies to supply tanks to Ukraine, after President Voldymyr Zelesnky addressed the NATO summit in Brussels and called upon the alliance to supply hundreds of tanks and jets.   The Prime Minister said that though the UK wanted to help there were “logistical” problems, yet Mr Johnson insisted that allies nearer to Ukraine should provide the country with armoured vehicles. Mr Macron however, ruled out supplying tanks and planes because of a concern that doing so may drag NATO into direct conflict with Russia. The French President told the alliance that the issue was a “red line” and that NATO needed to do its utmost to not become “co-belligerent”. Since becoming President in 2017 Mr Macron has not shied away from speaking his mind, and has occasionally had tense exchanges  with other world leaders. Read More: 'This is huge' Swedish Air Force jet deployed over Belarus border Even before being elected to office,  Mr Macron angered NATO ally Poland by suggesting Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of Poland’s ruling Law and Justice Party [PIS] was allied with his far-right opponent Marine Le Pen. Mr Macron said: “We all know who Le Pen’s allies are. The regimes of [Viktor] Orban, Kaczynski, Putin. “These aren’t the regimes with an open and free democracy. Every day they break many democratic freedoms.” The comments came just a week after Mr Macron boldly claimed that if he were elected French President, he would urge that the EU impose sanctions on Poland for violating democratic norms.   Naming Mr Kaczynski and the Russian President in the same breath caused significant offence, as the PIS leader had long suspected the Kremlin were behind a 2010 plane crash in which his brother, President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others were killed. Russia denied any wrongdoing while an inquiry by the previous Polish government found that the crash was the result of pilot error. Stanislaw Karczewski, who was the speaker of Poland's lower house of parliament called Mr Macron’s comments “reprehensible”. Meanwhile, Poland’s Foreign Ministry said in a statement: “Pointing to a supposed alliance between Le Pen and the leader of Law and Justice is a manipulation. Don't Miss:Vladimir Putin on brink as possibility of assassination is increasing[OPINION]Putin health worries as Russian President 'not looking so great'[INSIGHT]Putin 'extremely paranoid' about assassination attempt [ANALYSIS] “And the inclusion of Jaroslaw Kaczynski in the ranks of ‘Le Pen’s friends who break numerous freedoms’ is improper and highly unsuitable. “We also want to remind that anyone who knows the history and Poland’s internal situation has no right to accuse Poles of affinity towards imperial Russia.” Despite a disagreement between the UK and France over how best to support Ukraine in fighting off Russian aggression, the West has become more united since Putin invaded Ukraine last month. Speaking at the NATO summit in Brussels Mr Johnson said that Putin’s “barbaric” invasion had “galvanised” the international community.  The Prime Minister added: “We will work with like-minded allies to ramp up lethal aid to Ukraine at scale.” In a joint statement NATO condemned “Russia’s devastating attacks on civilians” and said that “any use by Russia of a chemical or biological weapon would be unacceptable and result in severe consequences”. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that the alliance’s 30 members had agreed to step up supplies of weapons and equipment to Ukraine, though refused to say whether tanks would be sent to the country.  As NATO deployed 40,000 troops on the alliance’s eastern flank Mr Stoltenberg said: “On the land we will have substantially more forces in the eastern part of the alliance at higher readiness with more prepositioned equipment and supplies. “In the air we will deploy more jets and strengthen our integrated air and missile defence. “At sea we will have carrier strike groups, submarines and significant numbers of combat ships on a persistent basis.” 