Journalist and political commentator Carole Malone criticised French President Emmanuel Macron for his failed attempts to appease Vladimir Putin, insisting she "don't trust" the French leader. Russia has been invading Ukraine, causing mass casualties and the biggest number of refugees dispersing from Ukraine since world war two. Ms Malone also claimed that European countries had been slow to act and help Ukraine. Broadcaster Jeremy Vine said: "Do you think that we are more visible as a result of Brexit or have we just convinced ourselves because we need to believe that? "Because it could be that the EU has far more firepower here than we have." Ms Malone replied: "I think we're not just more visible, we're more effective. "You know, Zelensky is talking to Boris and saying thank you, he knows what he doing. JUST IN:'We have a nuclear deterrent' Navy chief blasts back at 'ridiculous' Putin's threats    Ms Malone added: "You know people like Macron... I don't trust Macron's motives for doing anything. "He said he was going to broker a peace deal before all of this, so I don't believe what Macron says. "But Europe has been very slow in coming together on this, we were there right at the start as was the US." Mr Vine said: "I think the Germans have started... Obviously, they've got historical problems with having an army and using it. "But they've started to turn that around quite quickly."  READ MORE: BBC analysis reveals the REAL reason Putin invaded Ukraine     Despite the UK leaving the EU, Britain has been allied to Ukraine and has been continuing to offer funds and military equipment, along with taking in Ukrainian refugees fleeing the war. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky addressed Parliament in an unprecedented virtual speech on Tuesday. The Ukrainian President praised Mr Johnson for all of his efforts and asked for more intervention to help stop Russian President Putin from continuing to plough Ukraine with Russian troops and bombs. Mr Zelensky said: "We are thankful for this help and I am grateful to you Boris. "Please increase the pressure of sanctions against this country (Russia) and please recognise this country as a terrorist country. "Please make sure sure that our Ukrainian skies are safe. Mr Zelensky added: "Please make sure that you do what needs to be done and what is stipulated by the greatness of your country.