Cut flowers can instantly transform a dull room, however, they can also quickly do the opposite. After a week to 10 days, cut flowers can start to smell, wilt and even drop their petals. The bottom of the stems can go mouldy and can even start to look furry through a transparent glass vase. Flowers can be expensive for those who like to keep their homes complete with fresh bunches. Most flower food packets are made of just three simple ingredients and can be easily replicated at home. Sugar, citric acid and bleach are mixed together to provide a balancing liquid for fresh flowers, with each ingredient serving a different purpose. Sweet sugar provides the flowers with nutrients, the acid maintains a steady pH level in the water, and bleach reduces lingering bacteria and fungi. These key ingredients can make blooms last for more than seven days, rather than a measly three days without the right food. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it For those looking to make their cut flowers last longer, a spokesperson for Garden Building Direct, has revealed two tips for keeping flower vases full and thriving. They said: “We love the look of a fresh bunch of cut flowers in a vase, who doesn't? “But there is nothing worse than spending money on a new bunch of pretty blossoms for their lifespan to deplete within a few short days. "Flower lovers can fight off the short expiration date by using one of a few of our favourite items to keep their favourite blooms thriving for longer. “Most importantly, our handy tricks include everyday items you may find at the back of your cupboard, so no fancy flower food or expensive preservatives are required." DON'T MISS: Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT]Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [TIPS]Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  [INSIGHT] One of the first tips the gardening expert suggested was to use hairspray to keep flowers looking “pristine for longer”. They said: “This perfect partner to any hair routine should also be used when preparing a gorgeous vase of flowers. “Spritzing hairspray over an arranged vase of flowers will keep them looking pristine for longer without wilting.” Before gardeners can use this trick, they will need to remove their cut blooms from the vase or container they are housed in. The next step requires you to spray them with hairspray. For best results, hold the can several inches away from the flowers and lightly spray underneath the petals. Although, make sure to be careful, if the flowers are sprayed too close the force can damage the petals. Once the blooms have been sprayed, hang the flowers upside down in a well-vented area and allow them to dry – gardeners can use a coat hanger and string to do this. It’s important to be frugal when spraying blooms with hairspray as too much can damage them. However, it is wise to reapply the hairspray every few days, particularly for those who wish to preserve the flowers for a long period of time. Hairspray can make them last for several days longer than when hairspray is not used. It can be bought for as tittle as 95p from B&M and £1 from supermarkets such as Sainsbury’s and Tesco. Another tip the gardening expert shared to preserve cut flowers was to use a 2p coin. The expert said: “This trending hack calls on people to place a 2p coin at the bottom of their flower vase before adding in a bunch of fresh tulips. “Unknown to many, they contain natural antimicrobial properties, which prevent bacteria's growth, which causes blossoms like tulips to dry up and wilt.”