The BBC programme, which features Tommy Walsh, expert cleaner Maxine Dwyer and carpenter Asher Edwards, will be back to transform some messy homes. In just one day, the dynamic duo helps one family to reclaim their space by making practical improvements. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Maxine opened up about what it is like working with her co-stars. While Maxine may be used to some pretty grim sights while cleaning, the same can’t be said for Tommy and Asher. The cleaner explained during some of the transformations, both of her co-stars struggled with the dirty toilets.   “They're not used to cleaning and [when we'd go into a house they'd say] oh my goodness,” Maxine recalled.   “Tommy would say 'That just needs to bulldozing' but he was a builder so of course, he would say that.”   READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell    Maxine joked: “He would say, ‘There's nothing you can do, it just needs ripping out, the tiles and stuff like that.' “And poor Asher, he was shocked. He's just not used to it, he's used to going there with no cupboards and then making cupboards.”   The Clean it, Fix it star went on to recall one particular episode where they had to clean and transform a young professional's home.   She admitted poor Tommy and Asher didn’t have the stomach for some of the projects as they both ended up retching.    “You'll see that when the episodes come out,” Maxine explained. “It was the young professional's washroom where I had to put a special suit on and I asked Ash if I could borrow a screwdriver to dig out the black stuff in the toilet.   “With the young professionals, they were busy, and their rooms were immaculate. “But when it came to sharing [the cleaning] tasks, they didn't want to clean the bathrooms for example. “They didn't want to do that, and it was absolutely filthy.”  DON'T MISS...Camilla Cabello suffers wardrobe malfunction on The One Show [VIDEO]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes  [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise’s Neville Parker sparks unlikely romance? [SPOILERS] “It was a complete nightmare to film,” Maxine recalled. “I had to wear a Tyvek suit, that's how filthy it was.” Clean it, Fix it, which first aired last year, instantly became a hit with viewers as they watched the trio giving people’s houses a grand make-over. Speaking ahead of the series, Tommy, discussed what makes the BBC show different to most DIY shows. The builder, renowned for working alongside Alan Titchmarsh and Charlie Dimmock on Ground Force, said: “I think it’s done with a lot of empathy."   He added: "It’s important not to point a finger at people, because we can all find ourselves in a similar situation. “What we do is give people a platform that will hopefully help resolve some of the issues many of us face when trying to keep our homes tidy. “We give people a foundation to build on, and continue to live brighter happier lives.” Clean it, Fix it airs on Tuesday at 8pm on BBC One.