Princess Michael of Kent and her husband Prince Michael of Kent married back in 1978. Michael is the first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II, and through marriage his wife became a Her Royal Highness (HRH). Prince Michael used to live in a £5.75million house, however he sold it in 2006.  Her Majesty's cousin now lives at Kensington Palace with Princess Michael. Creepy ghost stories have been the narrative of the Prince and Princess’ former home for centuries. Although these may have been enough to make the royals consider relocating home, it was not just the eerie past that made the Queen's cousin Prince Michael of Kent give up his massive country mansion, Nether Lypiatt Manor. READ MORE: Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio Michael and Princess Michael of Kent were forced to give up their gorgeous family home for purely financial reasons. The non-working royals used to pay reduced rent at the royal residence of Kensington Palace. But once the subsidised rates were exposed the couple were forced to make a huge financial decision. After becoming unable to justify the cost of their mansion and the rent payments, they sold the property and relocated to Kensington Palace full-time. It was put up for sale in 2005, and they hoped to receive at least £6million for the house, but it sold for £5.75million in 2006. The neo-classical property, where the couple raised their children Lady Gabriella and Lord Frederick Windsor, had been plagued by ghostly tales since it was built in 1698. Judge Charles Cox built the home in the 17th century. The judge was renowned at the time for being a hanging judge.  It was rumoured that his own son hanged himself in one of the rooms. Speaking to The Sunday Times Magazine, Princess Michael of Kent explained their tricky situation. She said: "Of course I miss the big gardens we had at our country house, but it became very expensive to run... we couldn’t afford it. "For the first time that terrible word came into my life when our private secretary said, 'Ma’am, you have to downsize'.  “It was the worst word I’d heard in ages,” the royal added. The other royals which reside within the walls of Kensington Palace are the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke and Duchess of Kent and Prince William and Kate Middleton. Royal fans have been lucky enough to see inside Prince William and Kate Middleton's private residence when they have been making official engagements virtually from their homes during the coronavirus pandemic. They previously saw the insides of Kensington Palace when President Obama and the First Lady Michelle Obama visited London in 2016. 