BBC viewers have branded the opening of Gordon Ramsay’s latest TV venture as a low-budget version of SAS: Who Dares Wins after the celebrity chef jumped out of a helicopter to kick off the first episode. Future Food Stars took another baffling turn when Gordon challenged 12 contestants to jump off a sheer cliff face to prove themselves worthy of a £150,000 investment. Viewers have made unfavourable comparisons to SAS: Who Dares Wins and The Apprentice during Gordon’s new series on the BBC. Future Food Stars will put 12 food and drink entrepreneurs to the test over the next few weeks for a chance of winning a huge investment for their business. Gordon set the tone of the new series by joining the cast on a beach in Newquay after jumping out of a helicopter. To prove they were ready to take a leap of faith, the contestants then had to take a literal leap from a cliff into the ocean. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? BBC audiences were baffled by the high-octane intro to the series and took to Twitter with their reactions. Several viewers compared the first episode to Channel 4's SAS: Who Dares Wins, which challenges both regular Brits and celebrities to gruelling military training. Chris James complained: “Is this a cooking show or a Poundland SAS: Who Dares Wins?!?” Incognito asked: “What’s the point of jumping off a cliff? This is a food show, not SAS: Who Dares Wins.” And Sanoobar Patel wrote: “This is SAS meets The Apprentice, what on earth is this to do with cooking? Looks like absolute hell.” Other viewers were also stumped by Gordon’s “pointless” decision to introduce the show after jumping out of a helicopter. Claire Shield fumed: “Why is he jumping out of a helicopter??? Lord Sugar he ain’t!!!” And @IAmNegan said: “Why is this so dramatic? Did Gordan Ramsay really need to jump out of a helicopter? This is so strange.” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah celebrates season 14 renewal [UPDATE]Ten Percent trailer: Fans go wild for The Crown and Bridgerton cameos [REACTION]The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus pays emotional farewell to series [COMMENT] Although Samuel Lewis praised the show, tweeting: “Ramsay, Business, Food, Personality clashes. It’s filling the Apprentice gap I was worried about losing perfectly!” Thankfully, all 12 contestants managed to complete the cliff-jumping challenge unscathed, although vegan cake chef Valentina needed a little help from Gordon. Speaking at the show’s recent premiere in London, Gordon explained the challenge was intended to see how the contestants performed under pressure. “That leap of faith,” he recalled. “I’m going to invest a lot of money in one of you. And I need to see that you’re committed. That fear factor is quite a nice position to be in. “I wanted to see what their confidence levels were like being in a situation [where they’re] uncomfortable.” However, the challenge clearly proved risky as one of the contestants, Bola, came dangerously close to sustaining an injury. “I said, ‘Look out, jump out’,” the celebrity chef explained. “She says, ‘yes!’ Then she looks down, and jumps down. “And I swear to God, the distance between her and hitting a rock was the distance between a pair of gnat’s b******s.” Although there may not be any more extreme stunts in the coming weeks, Gordon will certainly put the remaining contestants to task after tonight’s elimination. Future Food Stars continues Thursdays at 9pm on BBC One.