Many Britons are currently struggling to make ends meet as rising inflation, the cost of living and soaring energy bills continue to force people to tighten the purse strings. However, around one million people could be making savings on things like NHS prescriptions. People in England could save £40 a year on average on their NHS prescriptions costs, while many could save hundreds. That’s according to data from the NHS Business Service Authority which shows that in the 12 months leading up to April 2021 over a million people (1,063,648) paid for at least one prescription per month. They could have invested in a Prepayment Certificate (PPC) for that year costing £106, saving £40 over 12 individual prescriptions at £9.15 each. The savings really start to add up if someone relies on two prescriptions per month, in these circumstances an individual could save £113.60 a year. READ MORE: Capital gains tax: 10 ways to pay less tax to HMRC Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis says a PPC could be a great way to save money, such as if people rely on more than one prescription per month. Mr Lewis said: "My simple rule of thumb is if you get more than one prescription a month on average – these are the cheapest way. "And someone getting, say, two prescriptions a month would save over £100 a year." Before forking out for a PPC, Britons should check whether they could qualify for free prescriptions as many people could be eligible. DON'T MISS:Nationwide offers 2.5% interest on savings but for a ‘limited time’ [INSIGHT]State pensioners could get £3,000 annual boost - and sum is rising [UPDATE)State pension amount: Check your sum and whether you can increase it [ANLAYSIS]   Who qualifies for free prescriptions? While people under state pension age usually have to pay for their NHS prescriptions, anyone can buy a PPC from the NHS website. Meanwhile, NHS prescription charges could soon apply to over 60s in England if a Government proposal to make them pay for medication is given the go ahead. If the plans get the green light it will mean tens of thousands of older people will have to fork out for these extra costs. A Department for Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescriptions in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They continued: “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age.” People can use the NHS free prescription eligibility checker tool to check if they are entitled to free prescriptions. If they aren’t eligible they can apply for a PPC on the NHS website. There’s the option of a three month or 12 month certificate, depending on one’s needs.