Two of the rockets hit the Babyn Yar Holocaust Memorial and one of Ukraine’s biggest TV towers, knocking out broadcasts for a period of time. The attack on the memorial site has been met with outrage across Ukraine, with President Zelensky condemning it as “history repeating” itself.  The Babyn Yar site memorialises the 33,000 Jews who were killed and dumped in a ravine by the Nazis between September 29 and 30, 1941. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky tweeted: “To the world: what is the point of saying ‘never again’ for 80 years, if the world stays silent when a bomb drops on the same site of Babyn Yar? “At least 5 killed. History repeating ....” Britain’s ambassador to Ukraine, Melinda Simmons, called out Vladimir Putin’s alleged objective of the “denazification” of Ukraine, calling these attacks “the stark staring proof of its sickening hollowness”.  Putin’s defence ministry has warned that targets in Kyiv will be hit with “high-precision weapons” as fears grow as to whether Russian forces will ramp up their assault on the capital. Putin is said to be growing frustrated that his advance on Ukraine is taking longer than expected. The Ukrainians have put up fierce resistance, with Russia still failing to take control of Kyiv after days of fighting. READ MORE: Putin speech: Five of the Russian President's most ominous speeches  The Russian defence ministry has said it plans to launch attacks on the Ukrainian security service. Russian defence spokesman Igor Konashenkov has issued a worrying threat to nearby civilians. He said: “In order to suppress information attacks on Russia, the technological infrastructure of the SBU and the 72nd main PSO (Psychological Operations Unit) centre in Kyiv will be hit with high-precision weapons.  DON'T MISS:Petrol and diesel prices soar past 150p as drivers warned of increases [REVEAL]Apple bans all sales in Russia amid invasion of Ukraine [BUSINESS]Two footballers killed in Ukraine during Russia invasion [NEWS] “We call on…Kyiv residents living near relay nodes to leave their homes.” Ukrainians have been taking up arms and making Molotov cocktails in a bid to fight off the Russian advance. A 40-mile convoy of Russian armour and artillery had been spotted not far from Kyiv, although a senior US defence official has claimed that Putin’s forces are losing morale. Some Russian soldiers have reportedly surrendered to Ukraine without a fight. 