Millions of Britons will be hit by this council tax increase which comes at the same time as National Insurance and energy bills are soaring. The hike looks set to go ahead despite the fact that Britons are already struggling to pay their bills because of the cost of living crisis. In normal circumstances, local authorities can only increase bills 2.99 percent without a referendum. However, there are some exceptions to this rule and councils which haven’t used up all of last year’s allowance could carry it over. It can also be doubled if the extra three percent is spent on social care. More than half of all local authorities (89 out of 151) are planning a rise of 2.99 percent according to The Mirror. READ MORE: 13 questions to ask yourself to check if you qualify for PIP Furthermore, 39 councils intend to put council tax up by more than 2.99 percent with six increasing it by a staggering 4.99 percent. Shadow Levelling Up Secretary Lisa Nandy said the Government is giving with one hand while taking with another. She said: "It’s staggering that Rishi Sunak is hitting us with another Tory tax rise when inflation is sky high, energy bills, food prices are rising and people are already facing a Tory tax hike on national insurance. "It’s like promising us a fiver then nicking a tenner." DON'T MISSPensioners will be 'robbed every year from now on’ without triple lock [WARNING]How to 'further chances to win' NS&I Premium Bonds draw [INSIGHT]State pension payments to increase in April [UPDATE] How much will council tax rise in my area? Band D bills in some areas of England topped £2,000 in 2019. From April, almost half of council areas will have a Band D bill higher than £2,000. The Greater London Authority will raise bills in the capital by 8.8 percent - a rise of £31.93 on a Band D bill. People can search for their council tax band on the Government's website or find it on last year's bill. Meanwhile, millions of Britons will receive a council tax rebate of £150 this April under plans announced by the Chancellor. The rebate will apply to 80 percent of households who live in a Band A to D property. Britons who receive a 25 percent or 50 percent reduction will still receive the full £150 discount. However, anyone who lives in a band E to H Property or who doesn’t pay council tax because they are on a low income won't be automatically eligible for the rebate. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People who are exempt from paying council tax could still get financial help worth £150 but they will need to get in touch with their local authority. The Chancellor also announced a discretionary fund of £144million to support people on a low income who don't pay council tax. Anyone whose property is in a higher council tax band might also find they can access this fund if they can prove that they are in financial difficulty. It’s also worth checking whether your property is in the right council tax band as figures show that almost half a million properties aren’t. 