The trip to Wales involved Sophie, 57, visiting three separate charities and organisations including The Scar Free Foundation of which the Countess is patron. The Scar Free Foundation is based in London and launched a new study at Swansea University that spans three years to investigate the impact and use of 3D bioprinting technology for the development of facial reconstruction.  The Countess visited the research centre at the University on Wednesday and engaged in spirited conversation with staff there about the pioneering technology and research. While at the research centre, Sophie met fellow patron Elizabeth Soffe, an eight-year-old girl who suffered devastating burns when she was just six months old as her cot caught fire. The Countess was pictured hugging Elizabeth who was left with third-degree burns that covered 60 percent of her body. Sophie unveiled a plaque at the facility to honour the launch of the research project and also visited the laboratories where staff are researching skin cancer and people living with facial scars, in what is said to be the world’s largest study of its kind.  The royal then visited Matthew’s House charity which runs multiple initiatives such as the Homeless Period Project to provide a safe space and essential items to members of the community who are vulnerable and in need. A volunteer from Matthew’s House took to Twitter to describe the visit from the Countess. They said: “It was so lovely and very exciting to meet HRH today at Matthew’s House. “We all love volunteering there anyway as it’s an amazing place, but it was so nice to have a visit from such a beautiful and kind member of the Royal Family. Thank you, Countess Sophie.” READ MORE:Ukraine LIVE: Putin gloats as Russian army uses horrific 'vacuum bombs Another fan commented on the Mail Online saying: “We should increase the role of this lady. She is good for the reputation of the Royal Family.” The royal has been increasing her duties before she embarks on a royal tour in the spring with her husband the Earl of Wessex. To round-off her trip to Swansea, the Countess visited Playhem, an indoor play centre for vulnerable parents who may be at risk organised by Thrive Women’s Aid, a domestic abuse charity. Many royal supporters posted their thoughts on Instagram naming Sophie their “favourite” royal and “the most hardworking” and even drawing comparisons between the Countess and the late Princess of Wales. DON'T MISS:BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint (REVEAL)Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech (INSIGHT)Ryanair ‘forced’ to cancel flights to top holiday destination (ANALYSIS)  “She reminds me of Princess Di” wrote one royal fan below the royal Instagram post featuring Sophie meeting young royal fans with a beaming smile and others where she comforts those who have struggled. “Just look at that second picture!! Genuine, caring and just wonderful”, added another. Diana Allen praised the work of Sophie saying: “It’s so nice to see the countess coming into her own.” A fan from Canada said: “So, so, lovely Sophie. Thank you for everything you do for the Royal Family.” The royal also visited the Queen’s Green Canopy ‘Champion City’ status in Swansea by planting a Jubilee tree in their new park. The Queen’s Green Canopy initiative aims to honour the Queen’s platinum jubilee through the planting of trees and other plants as a lasting and permanent tribute to the Queen. 