It also seems you can catch the Omicron variant even if you have previously had a different strain of Covid. If you've had a positive COVID-19 test, you need to wait before getting any dose of the vaccine. Most people will be offered a booster dose of the Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine or Moderna vaccine.  The Mayo Clinic says some of the “unusual symptoms” of COVID-19 can occur on your skin. The organisation says most common skin changes linked with mild to severe COVID-19 include a flat rash covered with small bumps, discoloured areas on the fingers and toes and hives. “COVID toes appear to be more common in children and young adults. Swelling or discoloration can develop on one or several toes or fingers. The hands, wrists or ankles also can be affected. "Blisters, itchiness, rough skin, or painful bumps can occur. A small amount of pus might develop under the skin. The symptoms can last 10 to 14 days or for months,” it adds. READ MORE: Dementia: The breakfast habit associated with a '4 times' higher risk of brain decline  The Mayo Clinic says there are also a number of other signs to look out for. The organisation says digestive symptoms that COVID-19 might cause include nausea, vomiting or diarrhoea. Other signs may include a new loss of smell or taste or severe confusion which might be the main or only symptom of COVID-19 in older people. The NHS says as well as smell and taste changes, the main symptoms of coronavirus are a high temperature or a new, continuous cough. The latter means coughing a lot for more than an hour, or three or more coughing episodes in 24 hours.  The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says: “People with COVID-19 have had a wide range of symptoms reported – ranging from mild symptoms to severe illness. “Symptoms may appear two to 14 days after exposure to the virus. Anyone can have mild to severe symptoms.” It adds: “Older adults and people who have severe underlying medical conditions like heart or lung disease or diabetes seem to be at higher risk for developing more serious complications from COVID-19 illness.” The organisation also says you should look for emergency warning signs for COVID-19.  Indeed, if someone is showing any of these signs, “seek emergency medical care immediately”:  The NHS says: “If you’ve developed symptoms (however mild), stay at home for 10 days from the start of your symptoms and book a test. Do not go to your GP, pharmacy or hospital. “You should stay at home until you get the result of the test, and then follow the advice you will be given based on the result.” The health body also says: “The precise incubation period of coronavirus is not yet known. “Experience so far suggests the average time it takes for symptoms to develop is four to six days after exposure, but it may be as short as one day or much longer.” 