Ed Bailey (played by Trevor Michael Georges) and his wife Aggie (Lorna Laidlaw) have been living in fear Grace Vickers (Kate Spencer) will return to Coronation Street. ITV viewers will recall Grace left Weatherfield in December after signing over her baby daughter Glory's parental rights to the youngster's father Michael Bailey (Ryan Russell). However, could Grace be planning to take Glory away from her ex Michael in devastating scenes? Michael still has no idea his parents Ed and Aggie secretly handed his ex-girlfriend Grace £20,000 to keep her away from their baby Glory. They paid her the money after discovering she was not enjoying being a mother and wanted Michael to raise Glory. Grace has not been seen on the cobbles since their agreement, but she is set to come back into the Bailey family's minds next week when the staff at Glory's nursery ask for a selection of family photos to be brought in. Wanting to help out, Michael gathers pictures he can bring into the nursery but he is left irritated when he realises his mother Aggie has removed a photograph of Grace from his bag. READ MORE: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp, Jayne Middlemiss and Ortis ... Aggie has convinced herself Grace will be returning to Weatherfield to cause trouble and is desperate to keep the truth about paying her a secret from her son. In upcoming scenes, Michael asserts Glory deserves to have her mother in her life and he tells his parents he intends to track Grace down and invite her to Glory's birthday party. Michael later scours the internet in search of Grace, and all his parents can do is hope she has stuck to her side of their bargain. However, could Grace have had a change of heart now several months have passed since she's seen her baby daughter?  Michael later announces he has given up the search for Grace which was proving difficult, and both Ed and Aggie share a look of relief with each other. Looking ahead, Ed's brother Ronnie Bailey (Vinta Morgan) suggests to Michael he hires the Bistro to celebrate Glory's first birthday. If Michael agrees and invites a variety of people to the event, will the word of the party eventually get back to Grace? How will the estranged mother feel if she finds out about her daughter's birthday celebrations? DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daniel Osbourne begins affair? [SPOILER]Coronation Street youngster Simon Barlow to murder Jacob Hay? [THEORY]Coronation Street troublemaker Curtis Delamere returns in Emma exit? [LATEST] Perhaps she will use the party as an opportunity to try and sneak into the crowded venue and kidnap Glory? She might have been talked into giving her up last year, but Grace could have had a change of heart recently and now want to raise her away from the cobbles. Michael and his parents would be left devastated if anything happened to Glory so they will have to keep a close eye on her if the party goes ahead. Could Grace also find a way to break the news to Michael about his parents paying her to flee Coronation Street at Christmas?  Grace actress Kate opened up about her character's dramatic exit on her social media in recent months, saying: "Grace Vickers: Babies, blackmail, fraud, prison, labour and slamming many a door. "A hell of a lot of bad choices. But a hell of a lot of fun to play." Coronation Street fans will have to wait and see whether the character returns to cause more commotion on the ITV soap. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 