Bridgerton season two is set to hit viewers' screens on Friday as fans eagerly await the return of the drama that follows the family. The latest series from Netflix will follow Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) as he seeks to find a wife. Each book by author Julia Quinn focusses on a Bridgerton sibling but Claudia has hinted viewers may not get to see what happens to Eloise. The period drama took the number one spot on the streaming platform and stayed on the most-watched list for months when it was released in December 2020. The first series followed Daphne (Pheobe Dynevor) while Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) and Anthony are the focus of season two. But with more series yet to be confirmed, Claudia shared To Sir Phillip, With Love, may not make it to TV screens. Speaking to Radio Times, Claudia explained: "When I got the job, I wasn’t aware that the show had the potential to be a series deal, with each sibling getting their own series. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps “When we did series one, we didn’t know we were going to be coming back, but the idea that it could happen is very exciting, and I feel very grateful. "Book five or series five, that’s not even been decided or discussed; it’s not a thing at the moment, but, either way, I feel very fortunate, and I’ve had quite a run.” Claudia recently joined Sunday Brunch hosts Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy, where she once again spoke about the future of the series. She joked: "I mean, I'll do it for as long as they'll let me mate, I really will. "I think Shondaland [Shonda Rhimes, TV producer] and Netflix are a clever bunch, I think obviously Julia Quinn gave us a great foundation for all of these books. "So there is room for it to grow, but you know it is for the audience, and we want the audience to love it for as long as possible." Ahead of season two's release on Friday, Netflix has reportedly decided to tone down the number of sex scenes. During the first season, it became very well known for its steamy scenes, especially during Daphne's honeymoon. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton star Claudia Jessie teases future of Netflix series [INSIGHT]Bridgerton returns with a new hunk! [LATEST] Charitha Chandran told she only got the role as 'she's brown' [WATCH]  However, fans can expect to see a more toned down romance between Kate and Anthony. A source told The Sun: "Devotees who loved the racy show's first helping were probably hoping the follow-up would contain more sex, not less. "Now all the romance revolves around Anthony Bridgerton and new character Kate Sharma, but their lust never progresses beyond flirtation and a nearly kiss." During Monday's Loose Women, the panel spoke about the upcoming series and the lack of sex scenes, to which Coleen Nolan made a surprising admission. Host Ruth Langsford asked her fellow panelists what they thought about the toned-down series, to which Coleen said she didn't care about the sex scenes. She said: "Here is the thing, I don't really like when there is too much of that, I am more into the romantic side, I like the flirtation, I am actually not into the graphic scenes. "You know what they are going to do, I have always been like that, when I was younger, I thought ', I don't need to see what you are going to do!'." Many fans are excited to see what comes next for the Bridgerton family and probably won't notice the lack of racy scenes. Bridgerton season one is available to watch on Netflix. The full interview with Claudia Jessie is available to read in this week's Radio Times, out now.