Car running costs are heading out of control with the average amount needed to own and drive a car increasing by almost £300 every year. It now costs on average a whopping £1,860 to run a car due to insurance, fuel and maintenance all increasing. Average car insurance premiums also rose by £60 year-on-year in February, reaching £673 according to Compare the Market while fuel is at historic highs. A litre of diesel costs on average £1.77 per litre, the highest on record and a crippling amount for many drivers to find. In response both charities and politicians have pleaded with the Chancellor Rishi Sunak to cut fuel duty. It’s something he’s expected to do this week with a 5p per litre reduction. READ MORE: Britons urged to ban cars on Sundays to reduce petrol and diesel costs With the average driver paying £291 more to run a car every year, the cost of driving is particularly high for young drivers at the moment. Motorists between the ages of 17 and 24 pay on average £1,154 on their car insurance, taking their typical total running cost to an even higher £2,341. One rare encouraging sign is that MOT bills have remained at the same level over the past year. And breakdown cover has actually reduced since last year, albeit only by £2. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers risk jail and fines for Six Nations drink driving [WARNING]Petrol and diesel prices could smash £2 a litre by May [ANALYSIS] However April will see even more costs put in place across the board, including a rise in road tax in line with the retail price index from April 1. Almost all cars will be charged more for VED other than electric cars which still don’t have a fee to pay. Alex Hasty, director at Compare the Market, said: “Motorists will understandably be worried that the cost of driving is increasing rapidly. “Soaring petrol prices and rising insurance premiums are hitting household finances when budgets are being squeezed by rising inflation and surging energy costs." He added: “If these increases continue, there is a risk that driving will become prohibitively expensive for lots of people.” To try and combat these rising costs, drivers could shop around for a cheaper deal on their car insurance ahead of their renewal. Mr Hasty said many people leave it until the last minute to switch, but they could save a significant amount of money by switching earlier. He added: “Our figures show that the cost of motor insurance can be £306 cheaper by switching 20 days before the end of a policy compared to the day of renewal.” Research from MoneySuperMarket estimated that not shopping around for insurance each year cost 17 million drivers over £830million in 2021. The majority of motorists simply let their policies renew without checking they are getting value. Insurance providers are supposed to highlight what the customer paid last year against the cost of a renewal according to the FCA. However nearly 50 percent of drivers said they didn’t see this comparison. Of those that did, 72 per cent said they did not encourage them to shop around for the best price.