Paul Chuckle admitted he misses his late brother Barry terribly, as August will mark four years since he died from bone cancer aged 73. Paul is an ambassador for end of life charity Marie Curie, which helped care for Barry in his final weeks. “I just miss him, I miss him badly,” said Paul, who starred on BBC show ChuckleVision with Barry from 1987-2009. But he still feels Barry’s presence, in his dreams and when he performs. “I feel that he is still with me, which is a great thing. I believe in the afterlife, I don’t believe when you die, that’s the end of it all,” said Paul. “Barry didn’t believe in that, but from the day he died he has been in almost every dream I’ve had, Barry’s there alongside me. “He never was during the years he was alive, when we were together. He was very rarely in my dreams. But since he’s died he’s been there. “I think that’s his way of saying, ‘There is an afterlife, I’m here, I’m still with you.’ “Whenever I go out to entertain, whether it’s DJing, acting or TV work, I always feel he is there with me, alongside me. It’s a great feeling.” Barry privately battled bone cancer for years, opting not to tell his manager, fans or even Paul for some time, because he wanted to continue to perform. Meanwhile, Paul suffered a nasty bout of Covid back in 2020, but thankfully made a full recovery. “I had it for ten days, I was in bed with my wife phoning 111 a few times a day to check I wasn’t dying,” Paul recalled. “I had a high temperature, I was shivering, I didn’t know whether to sit on the toilet or kneel in front of it! “I had absolutely everything for ten days. It took me about two weeks to recover fully, to feel strong and normal. DON'T MISS... 'Been an honour!' Escape to the Chateau stars inundated with support[LATEST]The Chase's Jenny Ryan 'proud' of Mark Labbett's US replacement[TWITTER]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase[TV] “And that was before we had vaccinations or anything, of course I’ve had them all now.” More recently, Paul has been selling out venues as a DJ, and while he denied the rumours he has been signed up for this year’s Celebrity MasterChef, he has thrown his hat in the ring for future series. He revealed he hears his iconic catchphrase, “To you, to me,” every time he leaves the house as delighted fans spot him - but he appreciates the impact he and Barry made. “Parents, older parents watched [ChuckleVision] with their kids, grandparents watched it with their kids, it was just funny - stupid, but funny,” he laughed. “I watch the old episodes sometimes on YouTube, I laugh at what we did. “People across generations watched it from the start, old people, middle-aged people, kids, teenagers, everybody seemed to watch it.” He added: “As soon as someone sees me it’s, ‘To you, to me!' - it’s good, it means I am still in their thoughts and Barry is as well. “If they start to stop saying it, I will think they’ve forgotten me! I am proud that people remember it so well, it’s a good feeling when people love you.”