The London Fire Brigade confirmed that around 200 people were evacuated after a high quantity of chlorine gas was released. They added: "While we ventilate the premises we would ask those residents in the immediate vicinity to close doors and windows." The Brigade was called at 9.45am today, after which it alerted the Met to "a leak of noxious fumes" at 9.53am. Firefighters stated that the plan is to disperse the chlorine into the atmosphere. The London Ambulance Service added that they have responded to the incident and have "a number of resources on scene." They added that they are "treating a number of patients."  Footage posted on social media shows a multitude of emergency service vehicles outside the park, as people are treated at the scene. Some people were reportedly told to evacuate immediately, even while still in their swimwear.  The incident appeared to take place around the swimming pool, and emergency services are on site. A large number of emergency vehicles can be seen attending the scene. The park tweeted: "There has been an Aquatics Centre incident this morning involving the release of gas. The area has been cordoned off and evacuated." "We're working with emergency services on site. There are a number of casualties with breathing difficulties being treated by London Ambulance". Mayor of London Sadiq Khan urged Londoners to avoid the area while he liaised with emergency services. He wrote on Twitter: "I remain in close contact with our emergency services who are dealing with a gas-related incident at the London Aquatics Centre this morning. "A number of people are being treated by @Ldn_Ambulance. Please avoid the area which has been cordoned off and evacuated." The park was purpose-built in 2012 for the Summer Olympics and Paralympics. During the games, it was named Olympic Park but was later renamed to commemorate the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth. The Aquatic Centre is now widely known as the training ground for Olympic gold medallist Tom Daley.  It is also the spot where former paralympian swimmer Ellie Simmonds won the 400m gold freestyle in 2012, taking four seconds off the world record time. The park straddles four east London boroughs: Newham, Tower Hamlets, Hackney and Waltham Forest. It is set to host the London Lions playing the Glasgow Rocks in the 2021/22 British Basketball Season in two days' time. However, it is not yet clear whether this event will now be able to go ahead. A London Legacy Development Corporation spokesperson said it is working to ensure the park can reopen on Thursday. 