Proud towns and cities are being devastated with each new hour of the conflict, and innocents ensnared in this nightmare will carry wounds and trauma all of their lives. Nothing should be done to pressure President Zelensky, his comrades or his country into accepting a peace deal that would be bad for Ukraine. It would be abhorrent, and dangerous, if Putin's aggression was seen to be rewarded. But it is right that Ukraine is exploring diplomatic options. Citizens across this great country are ready to fight to the death and have already humbled us with their courage, yet it would be a defining tragedy if Russian forces lay waste to Ukraine. Putin and his henchmen will remain pariahs and reparations will be sought and prosecutions will be pursued for their obscene transgression of international law, but his gang in the Kremlin must understand it is in their interest to secure a swift end to the war. Many ordinary Russians are already appalled at the kleptocrats who run Putin's gangster state and anger will reach boiling point if more young people are sent to die in Ukraine. We wish the brave and brilliant men and women working to win peace, without sacrificing the demands of justice, every success. IT IS highly concerning that people are dipping into their pension pots as the cost of living crisis gets worse. The anxiety which has gripped Britain as the prospect of higher prices and giant bills looms could push worried savers into making deeply damaging decisions. If individuals raid their pension savings today they may find themselves in profound difficulties in the near future.  The increase in life expectancy is a triumph which follows improvements in healthy lifestyles and breakthroughs in medicine, and it is essential the country finds a way of securing decent incomes for people in later life.We may need a champion in government who will push for reform, work with the pensions sector and fight to ensure people who have worked hard for decades can enjoy the comfortable retirement they deserve. 