The final restrictions lifted by the Government include tests and passenger locator forms. Only fully vaccinated people were previously able to enter the UK without the need for tests - and a passenger locator form had to be completed within 72 hours of travel. The number of cases in the UK have increased by 43.9 percent in the last seven days, with another 534,747 people testing positive.  The number of people hospitalised with the virus has increased 22 percent in the last week - a total of 11,580 patients in the last seven days. The Government announced the remaining COVID-19 international travel restrictions for all passengers will be scrapped from 4am on March 18. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: “The UK is leading the world in removing all remaining COVID-19 travel restrictions, and today’s announcement is a testament to the hard work everyone in this country has put in place to roll out the vaccine and protect each other. “I said we wouldn’t keep travel measures in place for any longer than necessary, which we’re delivering on today – providing more welcome news and greater freedom for travellers ahead of the Easter holidays.”   According to the data shared by the Government, 86 percent of the population has received a second dose and 67 percent of the population with a booster or third dose. Health and Social Care Secretary Sajid Javid said: “As we learn to live with COVID-19, we are taking further steps to open up international travel once again ahead of the Easter holidays. “We will continue monitoring and tracking potential new variants and keep a reserve of measures that can be rapidly deployed if needed to keep us safe. “We can remove these final restrictions thanks to the incredible success of our vaccination programme, which has seen more than 8 out of 10 adults across the UK boosted.” READ MORE: NHS Trust under fire for 'speak English only' instructions to staff  Travel bosses said lifting the rules was the “final game-changer”. Aviation minister Robert Courts said: “Everything we have worked for - every jab, every test, and the sacrifices made by the whole country means that finally, nearly two years on, we can all travel without bureaucratic restrictions.” A range of “contingency measures” will be kept in reserve so ministers can take “swift and proportionate action” if needed to tackle new variants, according to the Department for Transport. It is understood that these include targeted testing from a country where a new variant has been detected. DON'T MISS:Top GOP Rep blasts Joe Biden over delayed aid to UkraineMeghan replaced by Camilla as first of duchess' former patronages Joe Biden ridiculed for latest Irish gaffe on St Patrick's Day The plans would only be enacted “in extreme circumstances”, the department said. Tim Alderslade, Chief Executive of Airlines UK, said: “Today’s announcement sends a clear message to the world – the UK travel sector is back. “With travellers returning to the UK no longer burdened by unnecessary forms and testing requirements, we can now look forward to the return to pre-Covid normality throughout the travel experience.” However, UK travellers are still advised to check the rules for the countries they are visiting - as many still have restrictions and testing requirements in place. 