On Tuesday Prince Edward visited Twickenham Film Studios in west London, the UK's oldest film studio, to mark his new appointment as royal patron of the Production Guild of Great Britain (PGGB). The Queen's youngest child has long been interested in the arts, TV and film, so this new appointment is likely to be a source of huge delight for the Earl of Wessex and the Royal Family. Edward said of his new appointment: "The Production Guild of Great Britain provides incredibly valuable support to the UK's production industry and crews, especially those in the less glamorous and visible roles. "If we want more young people to consider a career in production, then we ought to be shining a brighter light on where the opportunities lie. "I look forward to working with the guild and trying to help them in their efforts to broaden access and inclusion within the UK production workforce." During his visit to the studios on Tuesday, Edward spoke to production crew members to hear about their experiences in the industry. READ MORE: 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches  Edward also joined Oscar winner Tim Cavagin, who won for sound editing with Bohemian Rhapsody, at the studio’s mixing desk. Edward is the first royal patron of the PGGB, making his appointment all the more special. The Royal Family added on its official website today: "His Royal Highness is the first Royal Patron in the history of PGGB, which represents skilled professionals working behind the camera within the production office, accounting, locations, assistant directing, post-production and VFX. "As well as providing industry advice, employment opportunities and training to UK crew, PGGB also works closely with national agency the British Film Commission to increase access to a diverse and experienced workforce."  Have your say about Prince Edward's new appointment in the comments section below. Prince Edward embarked on a career in the Arts following a stint in the Royal Marines as a University Cadet. He showed an interest in television production and writing, and he also worked for Andrew Lloyd Webber's Really Useful Theatre Company. Edward narrated two films about The Duke of Edinburgh's Award scheme in the 1980s. He also formed his own company, Ardent Productions, which notably produced 'Edward on Edward', a film centred on the life and abdication of the Earl's great-uncle, King Edward VIII. DON'T MISS:Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's £30million home is near Queen [PICTURES]Sophie Wessex’s ‘disaster’ after marrying into Royal Family [INSIGHT]Prince Edward branded 'pompous and arrogant' after rare interview [ANALYSIS]  Famously Edward also organised a televised royal version of It's A Knockout in 1987. Edward's new patronage joins several of the arts-related initiatives already in his royal portfolio, including the National Youth Theatre of Great Britain, Northern Ballet and The Orpheus Centre Trust. Alex Boden, producer and chair of the PGGB, said the Earl of Wessex was "uniquely qualified" to become the organisation's first royal patron. He said: "We're at a point where the creative success of the UK film and TV industry delivers an increasingly significant contribution to the national economy. "With His Royal Highness's support we will continue to showcase our members' outstanding work as well as the importance of broadening the diversity and inclusion of the UK production workforce, and nurturing new talent entering the industry." 