Michael Mosley is known for his quick and easy weight loss tips and it appears he has another, as he shared some simple exercises that could help people burn fat and lose weight fast, during an appearance on This Morning. The health guru suggested incorporating two key exercises into person's morning routine to set them up for the day and burn that stubborn visceral fat. Speaking on the ITV show, he said: "I don’t think exercise alone is going to help you lose weight but it improves your mood if nothing else. "The data suggests if you combine it [diet] with exercise that’s a great way [to lose weight]. "And one of the things you want to do, and this is the importance of protein - you need at least 50g of good quality protein a day - that preserves your muscle. "The things you want to do when you lose weight is lose fat and not lose muscle and that was the danger of going on a really low calorie, low protein diet - tea, juicing - is that your body needs protein and if it’s not getting it from your diet, it’s getting it from your muscles." READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure He added: "So you need decent protein and exercise and that really means doing press ups and squats." Press ups and squats are the holy grail of exercises as they are two of the most accessible and versatile moves around. Adding weight can make performing them more of a challenge, as they target and strengthen both your upper and lower body. As functional movements, the benefits of adding them into your everyday regime will create injury-resistance for your everyday tasks. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] However many reps and sets a person does is up to the and their capabilities, but can slowly be worked up to a more difficult level. Dr Mosley has previously spoken about the benefits of press ups and squats during an episode on the BBC Radio 4 podcast, Just One Thing. He explained: “I’m doing something I try to do every day - press ups. "We all know aerobic exercises like running, walking, swimming, cycling is good for your heart and lungs. "On top of that, there is just one thing I recommend you add to your daily routine; resistance exercise like press ups. "There’s fascinating new research on the benefits of strength workouts, how a few minutes of daily resistance exercises - where you don’t need any special equipment - can boost your brain as well as your muscles. "There are two forms of strength exercise that I find particularly effective and easy to fit into my life. The first is press ups, one of the best low-cost ways of building upper body strength." He added: "Not only do press ups keep you toned, but there is evidence resistance training can improve your sleep. "The second form of resistance exercise I recommend you try doing on a regular basis is the squat."