The cost of living, inflation and energy bills are all wreaking havoc on Britons’ finances. However, many pensioners state they are set to struggle due to the triple lock freeze on top of this. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Jennifer Davis, 70, a widow and pensioner from Essex, who discussed the rising cost of living. She said: “I am still very worried about energy bills, just as I was concerned during this winter. “In the winter I had my heating on downstairs but not upstairs in the bedrooms. “I live in a two-up two-down property and it was cold! I spent the winter in a dressing gown with my clothes underneath. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak could SLASH pension tax-free cash in looming statement “It cost the same to heat my house now as it did when my husband and daughter lived here. “When my husband was alive, he was bringing home £500 per week, and I had a part-time job. Life was okay. “He died, my daughter grew up and left home, and now I’m left with £190 per week to heat my home and feed myself.” Ms Davis said she is finding it incredibly difficult to cut back on her spending, particularly as she feels she is already being restricted. DON'T MISSState pension: Can you inherit a state pension? [ANALYSIS]Universal Credit and PIP payment dates to change next month [LATEST]State pensioners urge increase to £400 per week [UPDATE] It is necessary for her to have a car as she lives eight miles away from the nearest town, but the cost is concerning her also. She continued: “I have to commute to get food and other essentials, but it costs money. “If I didn’t have a car, the buses come once an hour if they even turn up, and it’s not an easy journey that way. “Car tax is going up, insurance is going up - and I honestly have no idea how I’m going to put money aside from my pension to pay for everything. It’s a real struggle!” Ms Davis’ income means she is slightly over the limit for an entitlement to Pension Credit. Consequently, she says, her finances are being squeezed, especially with the rising cost of energy bills. She added: “My energy supplier went bust, so I’ve been transferred over, and I was shocked at the new prices. “I was paying £90 per month, and now I’m paying £140 - and that’s only going to go up even more. “I’m eating away at all my savings. I haven’t bought any clothes in two years, because I just can’t afford it. “As soon as you step out of the house you’ve more or less spent £20 just meeting up with a friend to have a coffee and a cake or wandering around the shops. “But I can’t do that because I don’t have the money anymore. There’s nothing to buy, so why should I even go out?” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Ms Davis has called upon Britons and the Government to show compassion for pensioners in this difficult time. She concluded: “You see adverts on TV being marketed to older people, telling us to go on a cruise! Really? “A few people set themselves up for retirement, and that’s great for them, they’ll really enjoy it. But I believe the majority of us just lived our lives, paid in to the Government, raised our children and had a holiday here and there. “Now, crunch time has come when we’ve least expected it. I didn’t expect my husband to die and now it seems like his pension just got swallowed up after all his years of hard work. “Lots of people paid into the system and now we’re hardly benefitting from it at all.” A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We recognise the pressures people are facing with the cost of living, which is why we’re providing support worth £21billion this financial year and next to help. This includes freezing fuel duties to keep costs down and helping households with their energy bills through our £9.1billion Energy Bills Rebate. “Our Winter Fuel Payments are also supporting over 11million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim.”