Mowing the lawn is an important job for all gardeners to do, particularly in spring so that lawns are healthy and thriving come summer. Some gardeners may not be aware that the way and time the lawn is being mowed has an effect on the overall health of the grass. This is particularly important when carrying out the first mow of the season in spring. Fortunately, gardening experts have shared essential lawn care tasks gardeners need to be doing right now. Gardening experts at Gardening Etc have shared that gardeners need to perfect their mowing technique in order to achieve healthy grass. They said: “Learning how to mow a lawn is crucial. “There are some key dos and don'ts to bear in mind when cutting the grass for the best results.” If the lawn is cut “badly” it can cause “tremendous damage”, according to David Hedges Gower, chairman of the Lawn Association. He said: “Avoid bad mowing – cutting too short and cutting with blunt blades – as it causes tremendous damage to lawns.” READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home Instead David advised: “Never cut more than one-third of the existing length, and sharpen your blade several times a year.” Not cutting too short is particularly important when doing your first mow of the season in spring. Lawn specialists at Flymo said: “Gradually reduce the grass length over a number of weeks to reach the desired length. “Cutting the grass too short, too fast is known as ‘scalping’ which can lead to disease and weed infestation.” DON'T MISS: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains  [TIPS]Inside Eugenie's home after Meghan and Harry's £2.4million renovations [INSIGHT]Gardening: The ‘most important’ trick for keeping your compost healthy [EXPERT] Fertilising plants can give them a real boost, and that goes for the lawn, too. David said: “We are all guilty of starving our lawns; each time we mow, we're removing some of the grass' food storage and tossing it into the compost. “So, don't be mean and feed only once a year. “Plants need food – and they need the right food for each season. “A good lawn feed programme is easy to devise and follow – and it makes a huge difference to the strength of your lawn, however many times you mow.” He explained how it is “easy” to miss out on patches of lawn when fertilising and has come up with a solution to solve the problem. David added: “You can avoid this by working in two directions, or going over the lawn twice, using half the quantity on each run.” The lawn expert also shared that aerating the lawn is one of the “most important” tasks gardeners can do to maintain healthy grass. David said: “One of the most important and beneficial things you can do for your lawn is to help it to breathe – but I'm talking about aerating below the surface, not up on top.” This breaks up compaction in the soil, making it easier for oxygen, water, and nutrients to get to the roots of your grass, resulting in healthier turf. While some people choose to use a garden fork to do so, David recommends using a hollow-tine aerating tool instead. These carefully remove tubes of soil without disturbing the surrounding earth, he explained. Gardeners can either buy a hollow-tine fork or hire a mechanical hollow-tine aerator.