Russia has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine for over three weeks now, and Western Governments have worked quickly to impose harsh sanctions on Russia to slow Putin's path of destruction. The Republican politician accused Biden of costing Ukrainian lives due to his pace in taking further actions. President Biden has announced sending more funds to Ukraine to help. Mr Turner: "But I think with the Biden administration now, it is an issue of will. "And I think they're not working diligently to try and make that happen. "The Biden administration needs to step up! I'm very disappointed. "Although they have been publically making statements of commitments to give Ukraine the tools and weapons to defend themselves they've been very slow to do so and that, of course, has cost Ukrainian lives. JUST IN: Putin humiliated as Ukrainian forces take down more than 10 aircraft in a day Mr Turner added: "I think we need to see strength from President Biden he seems almost timid and afraid of what Russia may do. "As opposed to being appalled at what Russia is doing, he needs to take direct action. "Assist Ukraine, make certain that it's clear that the United States is going to deter Russian further aggression." Mr Turner is not the first Republican politician to slam the President for not moving fast enough, although Biden announced giving additional funds to Ukraine earlier this week. Biden has imposed harsh sanctions on Russia, and a boycott of Russian oil, which has in turn affected the price of gas and oil in America. READ MORE: Putin ABANDONED as even closest allies ditch warmonger - ‘bad for business’ Mr Biden said: "The American people are answering President Zelenskyy’s call for more help, more weapons for Ukraine to defend itself, more tools to fight Russian aggression.  And that’s what we’re doing." "We took the threat of Putin invading very seriously, and we acted on it.  We sent Ukraine more security assistance last year — $650 million in weapons, including anti-air and anti-armour equipment before the invasion — more than we had ever provided before.  So when the invasion began, they already had in their hands the kinds of weapons they needed to counter Russian advances." Mr Bided added: "On Saturday, my administration authorized another $200 million to keep a steady flow of weapons and ammunition moving to Ukraine. "Now I’m once again using my presidential authority to activate — to activate additional security assistance to continue to help Ukraine fend off Russia’s assault — an additional $800 million in assistance. "That brings the total of new U.S. security assistance to Ukraine to $1 billion just this week.  These are the lar- — these are direct transfers of equipment from our Department of Defense to the Ukrainian military to help them as they fight against this invasion."