Moth orchids are native to southeastern Asia and parts of Australia. There are more than 60 species of orchids but moth orchids are the most common type found in the UK, often given as gifts. Although typically easy to look after, overwatering can be a problem in orchids, leading to root rot. One expert has shared top watering tips, including whether or not owners should use the ice cube watering method. One popular watering method which is often seen circulating online is using ice cubes to water orchids. The idea behind using ice cubes is that it prevents overwatering as the water can slowly melt into the plant. However, one expert has said it can “damage” the orchid. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Samantha Jones, gardening expert at MyJobQuote, explained: “Although watering an orchid with an ice cube should harm your plant, it can damage the stem and leaves. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks “So, it’s not a fool-proof method of watering. “Watering an orchid is actually simple when you see the roots. “That’s why orchids are supplied in clear pots. “If the roots look silvery, you can water it. If the roots look green, it doesn’t need watering yet.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share using lemons to remove pollen stains from carpets [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share 80p ‘trick’ to unblock drains - ‘crazy cheap’ [EXPLAINER]Orchid: Watering houseplant ‘correctly’ is ‘vital’ [EXPERT] During the colder months of the year, orchids are unlikely to need any water at all. However, heading into the summer, they will need watering frequently. When it comes to watering, the expert recommended using rain or distilled water. Samantha added: “Bring it up to room temperature first. It’s best to water the plant in a sink or bath to let excess water drain out of the pot afterwards, preventing water logging.” Using room temperature water will help to prevent the plant becoming shocked, which can happen when using cold water. Orchids may also need repotting every year or two, to give the plant enough space as it grows. The gardening expert explained: “Moth orchids can be quite fussy but the important thing to remember when repotting them is to allow plenty of airflow. “If you’re repotting your orchid into a specialist orchid pot, it’s likely to be made from clear plastic and will have slotted holes around the sides or at the bottom. “Although it’s tempting to pop this in a decorative planter to make it look pretty, you may block the airflow from these holes. “If you want it to look aesthetically pleasing, you can place it in a small slotted wooden crate or basket instead. “Line the bottom with pebbles to maximise airflow and drainage. “Only repot your orchid when it’s not flowering and be careful not to break the roots.” Orchid owners should also always use specialist orchid compost when repotting or use their own by combining grit or perlite with charcoal and fine bark.