Piers Morgan took to Twitter and reacted to the news that his friend Sharon Osborne will front a new prime time show on the UK network, TalkTV. The news comes after Ozzy Osbourne's wife quit CBS daytime talk show The Talk last year. The 69-year-old departed the network after an on-air row with co-host Sheryl Underwood about Piers Morgan's controversial criticism of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's interview with Oprah Winfrey. After a public backlash, the show went on a hiatus before Sharon and the network parted ways at the end of March following an internal investigation conducted by CBS. It has since been announced that the TV legend will host The Talk, her own daring new current affairs panel show. Taking to the micro-blogging site, Piers, 56, shared his excitement of his pal joining him on the new network in the spring. READ MORE: Monty Don stuns fans as host unveils surprise item he refuses to own In view of his 7.9 million followers, he tweeted: "BOOM! Welcome aboard @MrsSOsbourne!" Sharon also took to her own account and retweeted an article which detailed the show announcement. Social media users flocked to comment on the post, as they reacted to the big news. Twitter user, Shelby wrote: "Would love to see these two doing something together."  Jenn commented: "Oh I’m so happy for Sharon!!! I absolutely adore her personality and how damn adorable she is! Wish we could watch in the US but so very happy for her! Go get ‘em Sharon… #likeaboss." Chi Javier added: "Aha so that’s also probably why they’re moving back to UK. Looking forward to it!!! MrsSOsbourne finally on the same network as her friend @piersmorgan. Both will surely have dynamite shows." For an hour every weeknight, Sharon will host five opinionated famous faces as they hash out the big issues of the day. She will discuss all topics from politics and crime, to health and entertainment. DON'T MISS... Monty Don stuns fans as host unveils surprise item he refuses to own[LATEST]Kirstie Allsopp cries amid Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's return to UK[TWITTER]Jane Seymour, 71, flashes abs in sports bra amid ageless appearance[PICTURES] The on-screen star will join her longtime friend Piers who is also fronting his own show Piers Uncensored on the same network. Speaking to The Sun, Sharon said: “I’m excited to be working with News UK, the panel and my good friend Piers. "Watch this space for some exciting and lively debates from us all.” Her sixty-minute daily show will be broadcast in the UK on TalkTV later this spring. The news comes months after Sharon left her job on The Talk following a row in which she defended Piers’ public criticism of Meghan. She was also engaged in a heated exchange with co-host Sheryl about Piers' comments toward The Duchess of Sussex, which sparked controversy. In a statement, a spokesperson from the show said: “Sharon Osbourne has decided to leave The Talk. “The events of the March 10 broadcast were upsetting to everyone involved, including the audience watching at home. “As part of our review, we concluded that Sharon’s behaviour toward her co-hosts during the March 10 episode did not align with our values for a respectful workplace.”