He said: “28 million people across the UK live in areas where 20mph speed limits are, or soon will be, the norm. “There is a growing desire for lower speeds from both rural and urban communities by implementing wide-area 20mph speed limits. “It is becoming increasingly clear that the national 30mph limit set nearly 100 years ago is neither wanted nor is fit to serve the needs of 21st century communities. “Changing it to 20mph on a UK-wide basis is the logical next step.” READ MORE: Drivers are ‘not listening’ to speed limit warnings in safety risk A massive 42 new areas have opted for 20mph limits in 2022, taking the number of local schemes to 591. The increase in demand was first recorded during the last quarter of 2021 when another 49 schemes were introduced. This saw schemes introduced in new cities such as Southampton and Faversham as well as parts of Oxfordshire and Cornwall. Last year, Councillor Phillip Desmonde, Transport lead for Cornwall said “inappropriate speed limits” risked making roads dangerous for residents. DON'T MISSDfT confirms it is ‘exploring’ how to use new EU speed limit tools  [INSIGHT]Major roads across the UK to have speed limits slashed to 20mph [ANALYSIS]Drivers could be issued higher penalties under new EU speed limiters [COMMENT] He said: “Villages, towns and cities should be places where people are free to travel in ways that are safe, sustainable, healthy and fair. “In many places inappropriate speed limits make movement dangerous where people live, work and play, particularly for vulnerable road users such as children and elderly people. “I would like to thank those who took the time to make the case for 20mph speed limits in their areas – your voice has been heard.” It is down to the local parish and town council to vote for a 20mph road scheme. However, Wales is leading the way by becoming one of the first country to introduce a national 20mph limit in urban and residential roads in 2023. Scotland is also set to follow the 20mph limit by 2025 in a bid to boost road safety. 20s Plenty said there are “multiple benefits” to reducing speed limits in some areas. They said lower speeds make it easier and safer for locals to choose to walk and cycle for local trips. This not only reduces air and noise pollution but can have a positive impact on physical health. Campaigners also warn 20mph speed limits create a “better-connected” and “inclusive” community. This is down to a decrease in road rage incidents and less fear in the local area.