Around 10,000 Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) walked out for 24 hours today over jobs, pensions and conditions. This led to most Tube lines in London being suspended for the second time following similar action on Tuesday. There were huge queues at bus and taxi ranks because people switched to other forms of public transport to get to work.  Denise Williams, 46, complained about how strike action made getting her mother to the hospital a “complete nightmare”. The retail sector worker, 46, from east London, said: “My mum – Doris – is in her 90s and had a bad fall last week. “I have had to take her to hospital appointments three times a week. Usually the journey is not too bad but the journey today has been a complete nightmare. “Four buses did not stop. Some were not even busy and I was with an elderly lady. Where is the compassion? “People were pushing to get onto the bus and nearly hit my mum, who is still recovering.” Sharon Lennox, 31, a security officer who was waiting for a bus at Oxford Circus said: “I am not one of those who are lucky enough to work from home. I have been tapping on the bus doors and the drivers pretend they can’t see.” Andy Lord, Transport for London’s chief operating officer, apologised to customers and said he understood their frustrations. He said: “We know our customers deserve better than this continued disruption and that is why we’re urging the RMT to talk to us so we can find a resolution to this dispute which has already damaged London’s recovery from the pandemic.” The RMT fears that spending cuts linked to a funding deal by the Government will lead to hundreds of job losses, reduced pensions and worse working conditions. Mr Lord said: “We haven’t proposed any changes to pensions or terms and conditions, and nobody has lost or will lose their jobs because of the proposals we have set out, so this action is completely unnecessary.” RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: “This week we have seen workers fighting back across London against attacks on themselves and their colleagues from political machinations that are out of their control. “They have sent out the clearest possible message that they expect the threats to jobs and pensions to be lifted and basic assurances to be given. “The fight goes on and our executive will consider the next steps in the campaign.”