Reports that security guards with handcuffs were hired to get workers to disembark are deeply troubling. It is almost beyond comprehension that the executives of a major business would think they can behave like this. Their actions are an offence to the British sense of fair play which will horrify customers. Sacking people over a Zoom call is outrageous and insulting. In an instant, P&O’s reputation has suffered a massive blow. The company claims it has made a “£100million loss year on year” and says this is not sustainable. Such attempts to defend the indefensible treatment of hard-working staff whose lives have been plunged into crisis ring hollow. Instead, there is widespread admiration for Eugene Favier, the Dutch captain of The Pride of Hull, who refused to let his ship be boarded. The ferry company is now owned by Dubai-based DP World. Questions must be asked about how a once-iconic business has suffered such a failure of leadership. It is distressing that a major employer appears to have jettisoned any sense of decency and moral responsibility. Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi deserves respect for admitting it was wrong to shut children out of classrooms during the pandemic. He must now crack on with the crucial task of giving those who have lost out on learning the skills they need to survive and thrive in a highly competitive labour market. His candour signals that he is the right man for this mission and that he will ensure the country learns from its mistakes instead of repeating them. Britain needs a true recovery which will involve much more than an uptick in GDP. Children who were kept out of school must not be denied the education they deserve and there is not a moment to waste. Peter Bowles became a sitcom superstar when he starred in To The Manor Born and the country has lost a great actor with his passing. He won millions of fans as the nouveau- riche owner of a stately home but his father had worked as a chauffeur and butler and his mother served as a nanny. His understanding of life upstairs and downstairs was matched with his talent as an actor, and his admirers included Quentin Tarantino. He was married to his wife, Susan, for 61 years and 11 months and his family can be assured that he was cherished by the nation he delighted and entertained.