The F-15 jets had taken off from RAF Lakenheath, in Suffolk, on Monday, before making safe landings, according to the airbase. A "hydraulic issue" had caused the emergency landings.  RAF Lakenheath is the largest US air force-operated base in England, and the only in Europe to host F-15 fighter wing aircraft. A spokesperson for the base told the BBC that "both aircraft landed safely with aircrew on-board unharmed". The US air force describes the F-15 Eagle as an "all-weather, extremely maneuverable, tactical fighter". It is designed to allow the air force "to gain and maintain air supremacy over the battlefield".   The fighter jet was first commissioned by the US air force in 1969, and was designed by McDonnell Douglas, which is now part of Boeing. In November, an F-15 taking part in a tribute to two men who had died in an accident in 1980 was forced to declare an emergency during the event. The aircraft had been taking part in a flypast tribute to US pilot William Olson and RAF veteran David Bullock. The airbase attributted the problem to an issue with hydraulics then as well, adding that it was "a standard concern for an almost four-decade old plane".   RAF Lakenheath is the home of the 48th Fighter Wing of the US air force, which has occupied the base since 1960. The unit has been regularly deployed in recent combat situations, and "has played a key role in anti-terrorism operations". The branch of the air force - also known as the Liberty Wing - is made up of over 4,500 active military personnel, and the base employs more than 1,000 British and US civilians.   The 48th Fighter Wing was previously engaged in Operation Desert Shield during the Gulf War, and was part of the NATO air campaign Operation Deliberate Force during the Bosnian War. The force was also featured in Operations Enduring Freedom, the US anti-terror operation in response to the 9/11 attacks. The wing's name, adopted in 1954, derives from the Statue of Liberty, which was designed by an architect who lived close to Chaumont air base, where the air force was stationed after World War 2. 