There are just seven episodes to go in Ozark season four before the likes of Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) and Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) say goodbye forever. But while the Netflix drama is coming to a close after four action-packed seasons, star Garner has wasted no time in lining up her next deals - and it’s not in front of the camera. Garner and her Alma Margo producing partner Rowan Riley have put pen to paper on a new first-look deal working with Tomorrow Studios. The Inventing Anna star has already lined up her next on-screen project as part of Paramount’s Apartment 7A but this new move signifies huge waves for the Emmy winner off-screen too. In a joint statement with Riley, the two said [via Deadline]: “Above all else, Alma Margo is looking for bold and original content, so we thought it only natural to partner with a studio that also fits that description. “We are incredibly proud to be working with Tomorrow Studios who exhibit every quality that we’re looking for in a partner: intelligence, drive, experience and passion.” READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Charlotte has 'foreshadowed' Marty and Wendy death - here's how Tomorrow Studios’ CEO Marty Adelstein and President Beck Clements also released a statement to mark the deal. “As we continue to grow Tomorrow Studios, we’re thrilled to partner with Julia, Rowan and their team at Alma Margo to create compelling scripted series with a global reach,” they said. “We share their enthusiasm for meaningful programming and love their focus on elevating emerging talent.” And Garner took to her own Instagram page following the announcement to share her own excitement in a heartfelt post. She penned to her 1.1million followers: “Beyond excited about this!!! What a dream!!! “We are incredibly proud to be working with Tomorrow Studios who exhibit every quality that we’re looking for in a partner: intelligence, drive, experience and passion. More to come.” And it didn’t take long for hundreds of fans to congratulate the actor - including one or two familiar faces from the world of Ozark. Jonah Byrde star Skylar Gaertner replied: “Congrats on this Julia! Very exciting,” followed by a series of applause emojis. DON'T MISS:Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue?Ozark season 4: Jonah to die at the hands of Javi after part 1 clue?Ozark season 4: Maya Miller to be saved from cartel by secret child? Erin Pierce actor Madison Thompson echoed the sentiment, adding: “So excited for you!!” followed by a love heart emoji. And sharing the article to his own Instagram Stories, Sam Dermody star Kevin Johnson simply penned: “Congratulations @juliagarnerofficial!!!” Before the partnership’s first projects reach screens, however, there’s the not so small matter of how Garner’s character Ruth Langmore will end her time in Ozark. Heading into the final part of the final season, Ruth is on the warpath after discovering her cousin Wyatt (Charlie Tahan) had been murdered by cartel boss Javi (Alfonso Herrera). Despite his new deal with the FBI and Marty and Wendy (Laura Linney) urging her not to seek revenge, an inconsolable Ruth looks like she’ll stop at nothing to avenge her cousin. However, could this spell a deadly end for Ruth before Ozark comes to a close? Javi’s not one to take any prisoners and if he learns Ruth wants him dead, he could take action first. With everyone’s fate up in the air with just seven episodes to go, Ozark fans will have to wait and see who - if anyone - will make it out alive. Ozark season 4, part 2 premieres on Netflix on April 29.