Meghan Markle is unlikely to "get her hands on royal palaces" quipped Changing Rooms host Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen. In a new interview, the Channel 4 presenter, 57, told how his interior design style would make the Duchess of Sussex "cry" if he were ever given the opportunity to revamp her property. Meghan and Prince Harry left the UK for the States in March 2020. The couple now live in Montecito, Santa Barbara, in a mansion that's worth a reported £11 million. Since the move, the duo have given royal fans glimpses of the inside of the property, which seems to be decorated in neutral hues throughout. The mansion, named Chateau of Riven Rock, reportedly features a spa, tennis court and private playground for their children Archie and Lilibet to enjoy. READ MORE: Gogglebox's Jenny Newby tearful over organ donation chat But since their exit from the Royal Family, interior design guru Laurence reckons they have lost out on inheriting one of the royal palaces. Instead, he thinks they will go to the "new generations" of the royal family. Laurence said: "I'm looking forward to seeing what the new generations do with the places but [Meghan] is obviously extremely unlikely to get her hands on any of them. "So, she can do as she pleases with her style." Speaking about being given the opportunity to redesign Meghan's interiors, the star admitted that he thinks his style would be too much for the Duchess. Laurence explained: "I think we would definitely get tears. "I don't often make a duchess cry but that would definitely be an opportunity there," he added. The star also admitted to branding Meghan "dull", admitting that he got in trouble for his remarks. DON'T MISS... Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT]Ulrika Jonsson says her daughter ‘storms off’ when she ‘overshares' [ANALYSIS]Danni Menzies admits it was hard to have relationship while on show [UPDATE] He said: "Oh yeah, I got into terrible trouble when I said everyone was like, 'Oh, she's so nice and so lovely...' "But no, I always felt very strongly that the kind of taste that she has is very transatlantic international beige. "It really wasn't anything I was interested in at all," he confessed to Daily Star. However, Meghan isn't the only celeb whose style interior design star Laurence has snubbed. Last year, the star revealed that he is less than taken with the shades of grey Stacey Solomon has adorned Pickle Cottage with. When asked about the Loose Women star's pervading colour scheme in her Essex-based home, the interior designer revealed that he had one major issue with her choice of colours. Offering interior design advice, Laurence said: "Move on from the b****y grey!" "Bring your personality out, not just Stacey Solomon grey!" he said to The Mirror. Laurence is also set to host The Ideal Home Show this year. The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, is currently on at Olympia London until Sunday 27th March 2022. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk