Mohamed Salah is set to return to Liverpool training today, Jurgen Klopp has confirmed. Salah limped off shortly after scoring the second goal in Saturday's 2-0 win over Brighton at the Amex. Liverpool take on Arsenal at the Emirates on Wednesday, aiming to reduce to gap to leaders Manchester City to one point. Salah's substitution at the weekend made him an immediate doubt for the game in north London. But it appears the Egyptian should be available to play. Klopp was asked about the fitness of Salah at his press conference on Tuesday. The German said his leading marskman is not in as much pain as he was with the problem he suffered to his foot. Salah will be in training and a decision on his inclusion against Arsenal will be made afterwards. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign Klopp said: "Mo is a tough cookie. We were quite happy and lucky. Swollen, painful, today less so. "Got a message before the press conference, he's ready to train. We'll see how that looks." Salah's long-term future at Liverpool is in doubt, with his contract set to expire in 2023. The player's agent posted a series of laughing face emojis on Twitter after Klopp's comments on Salah's contract last week. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Thomas Tuchel calls out Boris Johnson over Abramovich comment [QUOTES]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick's XI to beat Atletico Madrid as five changes expected [TEAM NEWS]Man Utd and Tottenham dealt huge transfer blow as Franck Kessie 'signs' for new club [GOSSIP]  Klopp was asked about the tweet but insisted he is still not concerned. "I'm not on Twitter, another good reason for that. "[The media] got me in the trap and all of a sudden I created headlines. The last thing I want to do in press conferences is create headlines. "It's all fine but I don't know about any kind of reaction but I am not concerned. It is how it should be. The decisive parties are in contact." Liverpool head into the match against Arsenal on a run of eight straight Premier League wins. City's goalless draw at Crystal Palace on Monday has left the title race wide open.  Kostas Tsimikas and James Milner are set to miss the trip south due to illness. But Ibrahima Konate is back available again for the Reds. Arsenal are fourth in the Premier League, aiming to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. And Klopp says finishing in the top four would be a big moment for Mikel Arteta's fledgling side. He said: "Arsenal are a massive club, European qualification last few years was not exactly how they liked it. Top four would be a step in the right direction, they are an exciting team. "Arsenal fans since I've been here have not always enjoyed it but they are now. Exactly how it is."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here