It seems fans of the BBC show Doctors can't get enough with the show now offering a repeat in the evening for those who have a busy day. Sitting down to chat with Morning Live hosts Kimberley Walsh and Gethin Jones, star of the show Elisabeth revealed she couldn't be happier with the news. Usually, it is just lucky daytime soap lovers who get a dose of Doctors with their late lunch viewing slot. However, the show is now getting a second life at 7pm on BBC Two Monday to Thursday. Kimberley and Gethin were both "excited" to find out more with the Girls Aloud singer introducing the actress: "The Big news is, it's moving to prime time." Elisabeth replied smiling: "We are, well I was, speechless after being on the show for so long; we are really thrilled." Read More: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin's role in Abi's baby plot unveiled?  Joining the show in 2009, the 47-year-old has played Dr. Zara Carmichael for 13 years. Kimberley stated: "It means more people can get to see it, it's not just gonna be grannies and students; there's no excuse now they can watch it later in the day." The show airs during the day at 1.45 pm on BBC One with those who finish their studies or work later in the day now getting to sit down with the soap stars of an evening. On-screen doctor Elisabeth replied: "That's true. Lots of people who I talk to say, 'I used to watch Doctors when I was a student, but I haven't got time to see it now.'  "But no excuse now to miss it!" She described why she thinks the show is such a success: "It's such a lovely show. "It changes genre all the time. Sometimes we are in high comedy, and sometimes it's very serious. "And it's not always altogether set in reality, very occasionally there is an episode that's like a present for the audience where the world is not as expected to be." DON’T MISS… Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby? [SPOILERS] Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [LATEST]The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star opens up on working with 'moody' co-star [LATEST] Dr. Zara is always in the middle of the Mill Health Centre and Campus Surgery drama. The star added: "She is [fun], she's a piece of work I have to say, and she divides people. "Very occasionally, if people are unkind in the street, I take it as a good review." The show is set and filmed in Birmingham and has won multiple awards in its long run.  