In a poll that ran from 9am to 2pm on Friday, March 4, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think Boris Johnson should increase defence spending in the UK?” A total of 2,738 people responded, with a lively debate on the topic held in the comments section below the accompanying article. Overwhelmingly, voters said “yes”, they think the UK’s defence spending should be increased, with 95 percent (2,738 people) choosing that option. Just five percent of respondents (131 people) said “no”, Boris Johnson should not increase defence spending in the UK, and only five people said they didn’t know. In the comments left in the discussion below the poll, it is clear that readers feel strongly about the lack of funding in the UK’s defence. Username SteelAlbanian said: “We should be concerned about protecting our country, not the world.” And Username 420404 said: “Should never have reduced forces and trusted other countries. Need to increase all our forces police, army, navy and airforce. Been too trusting in the past 50 years.” Username Calico Jack wrote: “Yes and he [Boris Johnson] should also divert the Foreign Aid budget to MOD. “It's our armed forces who are mobilised in times of natural or national disasters involving other countries. So we need more Royal Navy and Royal Fleet Auxiliary ships and personnel.” Meanwhile, others felt that the current use of the spending could be improved. Username A Moment of Clarity wrote: “We may have the 3rd largest defence expenditure in the world (which is hard to believe) however it's the way it's wasted and frittered away which is the problem. “We have… half the tank regiments we had 20 years ago and reconnaissance regiments training as infantry as the latest vehicle (Ajax) isn't fit for purpose. “We need a serious root and branch review of the MoD procurement chain and weedle out those who are wasting our money and give our forces the numbers and equipment they deserve. “Especially if we are to be seen as a player on the world stage. Currently we're playing a bit part.” Readers also pointed out that defence spending should be higher than Tobias Ellwood MP’s proposed increase from two to three percent of GDP. Username Don-Juan Trump said: “Ellwood says it should be three percent, but in the 1980's it was four percent. “There will always be an element of wastage in preparing for events that might not occur, but there is real danger in not having the ability to respond when required to do so.” DON'T MISS 'Biggest miscalculation' Ukrainian MP issues warning to Vladimir Putin [INSIGHT]POLL: Should Royal Family do more for Ukraine or stay out of politics? [POLL]Ukraine war LIVE: Putin misery as Zelensky claims 9,000 dead [LIVE BLOG] And Username imppy55 said: “Our forces have been cut nearly every year for the last 40 years, so yes spending needs to be increased to get us back to where we should be on defence.” Username TarquinFarquar wrote: “What we fritter away on foreign aid would be better spent on defence of the realm.” Many others agreed foreign aid should be cut to help boost UK defence spending. Username David222 said: “We should be using all our foreign aid money on defence, we need that money now, we have earned IT!” While username IslandPappy said: “It makes no sense to send foreign aid to India, China and Pakistan. It makes no sense to have cut spending on defence so low that we are now extremely vulnerable.” On the other hand, username Edsaid wrote: “First, it is too late for any increased defence spending to affect the current crisis or its outcome, and second, when this crisis ends it will be of no consequence. “There is little point in going beyond present stocks of nuclear warheads so they will remain no less and no more a deterrent then as now. “As for defending ourselves against invasion ‒ hardly likely ‒ there is always NATO to bolster defences in such an event. And we are in any case, better equipped than many realise.”