Formula 1's top officials and team bosses have explained why the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix wasn't immediately cancelled in the wake of the missile attack which rocked Jeddah on Friday. The blast took place at an Aramco fuel facility on the outskirts of the city, with the smoke and flames visible from the Corniche Circuit. The explosion took place during the first practice session of the weekend, with Max Verstappen reporting over team radio that he could smell the smoke. There was a delay to the second session of the day, but FP2 went ahead as planned before all the team principals and drivers piled into the stewards' offices to be briefed on the situation. Houthi rebels from Yemen have claimed responsibility for a series of similar attacks on Saudi Arabia. The facility attacked is the same one which was also targeted in a similar incident just a few days ago. The fact all those attacks have been focussed on oil facilities appears to have convinced F1 bosses that it is safe to race this weekend. "Formula 1 has been in close contact with the relevant authorities following the situation that took place today," an F1 statement said. "The authorities have confirmed that the event can continue as planned and we will remain in close contact with them and all the teams and closely monitor the situation." JUST IN: F1 drivers 'unanimously agreed' as Saudi Arabian GP goes ahead Moments after the end of that meeting, F1 chief Stefano Domenicali told reporters: "We've received all assurances that the country's safety comes first, no matter the situation. Safety has to be guaranteed, they are here with their families, so they have in place all the systems to protect this area. We have to trust the local authorities in that respect and, therefore, of course, we go ahead with the event." FIA president Mohammed bin Sulayem added: "We had a meeting with high level security officials, we had meetings with the team principals, we had meetings with the drivers. Who are they targeting? They are targeting the oil company, not the civilian and not, of course, the event. "Of course, we had assurances from a high level this is a secured place, the whole place will be secured and let’s go on racing. We're only looking forward but with the assurance that nothing is going to happen." DON'T MISS:Saudi Arabian GP may be 'in jeopardy' as doubts raised after explosionRed Bull release statement that will delight Max VerstappenChristian Horner lambasted for war of words with Toto Wolff After that, Mercedes chief Toto Wolff said: "It was a good meeting. The drivers are going to talk now in the drivers' meeting and we, the team principals, have been assured that we are protected here. This is probably the safest place you can be in Saudi Arabia at the moment. That is why we are racing." Asked if support for the event going ahead was unanimous, Wolff said: "Between the team principals, yes," suggesting that not all the drivers are on board. Red Bull team principal Christian Horner added: "I think the sport has to stand together collectively. Any act of terrorism cannot be condoned and the sport should not be bullied into a position and a situation like that, it just isn't acceptable. Stefano and the president are dealing with it and there have been all the assurances from the organisers and we will be going to race." Meanwhile, an unofficial drivers meeting, which took place after the FIA's briefing, took place at the circuit and was still going into the early hours of Saturday morning local time. That was amid reports that some drivers still had reservations about pressing on with the Grand Prix weekend.