Footballing star Jamie Redknapp has spoken about following in the footsteps of his dad Harry Redknapp when speaking to Alex Jones and Rylan Clark on Friday’s The One Show. Jamie was joined by EastEnders actor Rose Ayling-Ellis and the BBC hosts couldn’t help but probe the sports star on a potential cameo on the popular BBC soap. Turning to Jamie, Rylan asked: “Are you up for a little cameo in EastEnders if we can get you in there?” “My dad [Harry] has done it,” the 48-year-old replied. “Yeah, I know [your] dad has done it but can we get you in there?” The presenter suggested. Jamie joked: “I’m from Bournemouth, so I haven’t got the east end genes." READ MORE:Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode Rylan mocked: “Listen don’t ruin it, Jamie. Come on, don’t ruin it.” “All right guys, I’m in. Rose, get me in.” the footballer remarked. “Right Rose, sort it out,” the Celebrity Gogglebox star teased. Speaking to the BBC hosts from a video call, Rose was seen nodding in agreement with the idea. Rylan told BBC viewers: “We’re going to get him in.” Alex weighed in on the chat, saying: “I think it’s Strictly that Jamie needs to do.” “Oh, leave it out,” Jamie cheekily hit back at the host. The Essex presenter agreed with his co-star, teasing: “We can sort that one out and all.” Jamie jested: “There’s more chance of me flying to the moon than me doing Strictly.” In response, both Alex and Rylan began to break out into hysterics, prompting Rylan to add: “Get on the phone to Elon Musk.” Earlier in the programme, the sports columnist spoke about his latest series of A League Of Their Own. In another spin-off of the popular series, Jamie and Freddie Flintoff will be taking to the road for the ultimate trip around the Emerald and British Isles. DON'T MISS... Speaking about their trip, Jamie gushed: “We had a great time.” “During Lockdown, we never had a chance to go there (Ireland), because of the rules. “So to go to Ireland and to spend a bit of time there was lovely. He told the BBC hosts: “It was a lot of fun.” The One Show airs on weekdays on BBC One at 7pm