People living with one of 21 musculoskeletal conditions could be receiving these weekly payments to help with day to day activities, although eligibility is down to how condition affects a person, not the condition itself. Musculoskeletal conditions are injuries and disorders that affect the human body’s movement or musculoskeletal system such as muscles, tendons, ligaments, nerves, discs and blood vessels. People over 16 and under state pension age may be able to claim Personal Independence Payments (PIP) to help with a musculoskeletal condition. Arthritis is a general term that refers to many of these different conditions. Some common musculoskeletal conditions include osteoarthritis, back pain, rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia, osteoporosis, gout, polymyalgia rheumatica, lupus and ankylosing spondylitis. If someone’s work is limited due to their symptoms, they could be eligible for ‘new style’ Employment and Support Allowance (ESA). READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges Britons to check if they’re owed £750 ahead of energy bill increase  Of these claimants, 305,279 Scots are now receiving financial support of between £23.70 and £152.15 each week, an increase of 8,088 from the previous figure of 297,213 in October, 2021. The latest data also shows a significant increase in the number of people claiming for musculoskeletal conditions over the last four months. Overall, there are now 932,579 people across the UK claiming PIP for some form of musculoskeletal conditions which makes up 32.4 percent of the total number of claimants - currently 2,881,401. This is the list of 22 main musculoskeletal conditions being supported through PIP to help with either daily living, mobility needs or a combination of both components. These are the main conditions, within each category there are a total of 87 sub-conditions. There is also a category for 'Musculoskeletal disease - Regional / Localised - Other / type not known'. To qualify for PIP, people do not need to have a carer or have someone helping them. Successful claimants could receive between £23.70 and £152.15 every week. PIP is paid every four weeks so people can get between £94.80 and £608.60 every month. PIP is not taxable or means-tested and people don’t need to have paid National Insurance contributions to get it. Britons can also claim whether they’re in work or not. It doesn’t matter if people have any savings or if they are receiving any other benefits. An award for PIP can lead to higher levels of certain benefits being paid and also open the door to other benefits, such as Carer’s Allowance and a Council Tax Reduction. Eligible claimants must have a health condition or disability where they have had difficulties with daily living or getting around (or both) for three months and they expect these difficulties to continue for at least nine month. The DWP will judge the eligibility of a PIP claim on a period of 12 months, looking back for three months and forward for nine months - they must consider if the illness changes over time. If someone gets or needs help with any of the following because of their condition, they should consider applying for PIP: