Piers Morgan, 56, last night issued a scathing attack on Joe Biden as he commented on his presidency. The broadcaster took to Twitter, where he boasts a following of 7.9 million, to hit out at the US President amid the Ukraine crisis. Piers has been vocal on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, sparking debate among other Twitter users. In the tweet, the former Good Morning Britain presenter claimed that Biden’s approval ratings had “cratered” and that the Russian President was “making him look impotent.” He wrote: “Hard to overstate the importance of this speech for President Biden. “He's had a terrible year, his approval ratings have cratered, and Putin's making him look impotent. READ MORE: Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics “He needs to change the narrative because the State of the Union, like his presidency, isn't great right now.” The blistering remarks sparked debate among the social media community, with some agreeing with the presenter’s views and others differing. ToniLFC argued: “In his different meetings with Putin, he never looked impotent. Very far from it. “US intelligence and his response to the aggression has been spot on so far.” JRodTitansGrizz said: “It’s been worse than a disaster. “I doubt a speech can do anything for him, he’s too defeated already.” Yingikeme added: “I keep asking. What happened to Boris Johnson your own PM? “Is he dead? Why keep calling Biden?” DON'T MISS...Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden suffers blunder as she flashes legs in skintight dress [PICTURES]James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [INSIGHT] LCossio_1 typed: “Nope! He is doing a great job, considering the disaster Drumpf and the republicans left him with.” (sic) Piers had previously blasted "bully" Vladimir Putin over his latest attacks on Ukraine. The TV star also criticised the international community over their response to Putin. He questioned what could stop the Russian leader “taking other countries” amid his “nuke threats”. He made the remarks yesterday as Putin ordered his military to move nuclear weapons to a "special mode of combat duty”. Piers wrote: “If Putin succeeds in taking Ukraine by scaring us all off with his bulls**t nuke threats, what’s to stop him taking other countries including those in NATO? “Once you cave to a bully, they keep bullying. #StopPutinNow.”