Martine Vik Magnussen's body was found partially covered, surrounded by rubble in a basement of a property in City of Westminster, central London, on March 16, 2008. Officers found she had been sexually assaulted and killed in the days previous. But today a woman in her 60s was detained at an address in Westminster on suspicion of assisting an offender in connection with rape and murder. Met Police have called the arrest a breakthrough as, in 2008, Farouk Abdulhak, son of a Yemeni billionaire, was quickly identified as a suspect for Martine's murder. However, he fled the UK within hours of her death, travelling to Egypt and then on to Yemen, police said at the time. On the night in question, Martine had been out celebrating finishing her end of term exams with her friends at the Maddox nightclub in Mayfair, central London. She left her friends with Abdulhak at around 2am, My London reports.  Speaking today, Detective Chief Inspector Jim Eastwood, leading the investigation, said: "Martine’s family has never given up their fight for justice and in the 14 years since her death they have campaigned tirelessly to keep her in the public consciousness. Martine’s family has been informed of this latest development. Though it represents a positive step, there is still much more work for us to do. "Most importantly, Farouk Abdulhak should be aware that this matter has not, and will not, go away. My team and I will continue to seek justice and use all opportunities available to pursue him and bring him back to the UK. His status as a wanted man will remain and we will not cease in our efforts to get justice for Martine’s family. "I'm appealing to Farouk Abdulhak directly. Come back to the UK. Come back to face justice. Since Martine’s death, her family has shown true determination, together with my investigation team as we want to provide some closure for Martine’s family."  Anyone with any information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact the incident room on 020 8358 0300. You can also contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.