People in Solihull fear the duo could be responsible for a string of similar thefts with pets vanishing then turning up for sale online. The missing moggies have left a trail of heartbreak with one victim describing her little girl's pain at being unable to cuddle her beloved pet each night before bed. Jodie Smith, from Chelmsley Wood in Solihull, said her cat Arlo went missing at the end of January. The mum of two did not know what happened until a friend found the two-year-old pet on the Pets4Homes selling website. She told BirminghamLive: "It's awful. This is my daughter's cat. My daughter can't go to bed with cuddles from her fur baby. She is absolutely gutted." An online group investigated and claims to have found more missing cats listed for sale online. In the footage, the wily cat escapes the box as the would-be thieves were rumbled by householders alerted by the family dog.  When quizzed, the suspected crooks claimed to be from animal charity organisations. Charlene Jones captured the disturbing footage. She explained how her cat, Benson, had been snatched weeks before the doorbell video. The clip was recorded in the middle of the night on February 26, showing another cat allegedly being targeted. She said: "I just assumed [Benson] had gone missing. The only reason I checked my CCTV was because my dog barked and I caught them in the act."  READ MORE ABOUT A RUSSIAN NATIONAL BALLET PERFORMANCE GOING AHEAD Charlene told how she later confronted a woman she believed to be the cat thief who told her Benson had died before admitting she sold the eight-year-old feline. She told BirminghamLive: "I feel angry. I have done my own research. She has been selling cats for eight months." Jodie said she believed the alleged thief had claimed to work for reputable organisations, including the PDSA. She said: "My cat has got a gold collar and in the pictures for the advert he has still got the gold collar on. [The thief] is stealing cats and selling them online."  DON'T MISS: Audi owner in 'disbelief' at 'extortionate' £31k bill for new gearbox [REVEALED] Sadiq Khan says London well prepared if Russia launches nuclear attack [LATEST] Russian National Ballet performance to go ahead in UK town [REPORT] Jodie explained how she tried not to worry her daughter but word got round and she was told at school the cat was missing. She went on: "She's heartbroken. We all are. He is our family cat. He is a cheeky little thing and he is gone.  "There are other families going through the same heartbreak. For a lady to have some money in her pocket she is destroying little children." West Midlands Police confirmed it had recently received a report of the alleged incident. A Pets4Homes spokesperson said: "As this is a live investigation, and we are actively collaborating with the police, we cannot comment on the specifics of this case. As the UK's largest platform of its type, helping 2,500 pets find loving homes each day, Pets4Homes prioritises animal welfare above all else and is committed to ensuring the safe rehoming of animals. "At present, only 0.4 percent of pet rehomings require a subsequent discussion with our Trust & Safety team and only a proportion of these are concerns which warrant further action. However, one rogue seller attempting to exploit our platform - and the good intentions of our users - is one too many."  According to Direct Line, unlike dogs, it is not a legal requirement to microchip a pet cat. The insurer says this makes it much harder to reunite stolen or lost cats with their owners. Direct Line advises owners to put a collar on their cats, to get them spayed or neutered, to bring them in overnight and be careful when moving house by keeping them indoors to get them used to their new home.  Anyone who wants to buy a kitten is advised to do their own checks. Signs something might not be right include: the seller not letting you see the mother; expressing no interest in you or the pet's new home and the price being too good to be true. No documents for the pet's first vet visits, vaccination certificate, breed paperwork or microchip details can also be signs. Others include a kitten not being alert, having dull eyes or generally looking unwell.  Additional reporting by Josh Sandiford 