Kate and Koji stars Vera actress Brenda Blethyn in the titular role of Kate which originally made its debut in March 2020. After a delay in filming caused by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic, the popular comedy is returning for a second outing. Here's everything there is to know about series two of Kate and Koji. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Kate and Koji.The story of Kate and Koji takes place in her old-fashioned cafe in a quiet seaside town. Kate (played by Brenda Blethyn) develops a relationship with asylum-seeking doctor Koji (Okarie Chukwu), who starts to regularly visit. Due to him being in the process of seeking asylum, Koji isn't allowed to work but Kate knows he is in need of help. So they strike up a deal whereby Koji holds unauthorised medical consultations in the cafe, bringing her more customers, in exchange for food, which suits them both. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Kate and Koji premiered two years ago on March 18, 2020, and won itself a loyal fanbase who are now excited for the new series. Season two is going to premiere on Wednesday, March 16, at 9pm on ITV. The first series was made up of six episodes and series two will be the same in length. There will be another way of watching the sitcom once it begins airing. Once a new episode of Kate and Koji is shown on ITV, the same instalment will be ready to watch on streaming service ITV Hub. So there is no need to worry if you miss an episode as it is going to be available to catch up on shortly after its release. A new episode will come out every Wednesday on ITV in its usual timeslot. Unless there are any schedule shake-ups, Kate and Koji season two's finale is going to be out on Wednesday, April 20. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby? [THEORY]Conleth Hill snubs Game of Thrones as new role is his 'best part' [CAST]Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION] While the majority of the series one cast will be returning for the second season, one key actor is not. Actor Jimmy Akingbola portrayed the titular character of Koji in season one but will no longer appear in the sitcom. Instead, he has been replaced by actor Okorie Chukwu who takes on the part of the asylum-seeking doctor. Talking to TellyMix, actress Blethyn said: “I’m so pleased Kate will be welcoming her customers back into the caff. “Even the postman! I’ve missed them. So (I'm) looking forward to donning the gingham apron and welcoming Okorie to our Kate and Koji family.” The synopsis for season two, episode one, is entitled Lockdown Legends. The description reads: "When she and the Medium are set to be rewarded for their work during the pandemic, Kate discovers Councillor Bone is going to present the award and refuses to collect it. "Medium is hugely disappointed, but Kate eventually relents and it is the councillor whose nose is put out of joint." Kate and Koji season 2 premieres on Wednesday, March 16, at 9pm on ITV.