Daniil Medvedev has reacted to his straightforward win over Andy Murray at the Miami Open. The top seed needed just 89 minutes to overcome the two-time former champion 6-4 6-2 in what was hoped to be a popcorn second-round clash on the Hard Rock Stadium on Saturday. Despite dominating throughout the match, the world No 2 admitted he was forced to stay on his game until the very end. Medvedev took on Murray for the second time in their respective careers in his opening match in Miami. As the top seed, he received a bye to round two while the Brit had defeated Federico Delbonis 7-6(4) 6-1 to advance to a meeting with the world No 2. Medvedev had won their only prior meeting in Brisbane at the start of 2019 - before Murray went on to have hip surgery and before the 26-year-old went on to become the top player he is today. It was a speedy win for the top seed who was never troubled and didn't face a break point once during the one hour and 29 minute match. One break was all he needed to take the opener 6-4 and he won the last five games in a row to seal a 6-4 6-2 win to advance to the third-round. Speaking after the match, he admitted he was challenged from start to finish despite the scoreline suggesting an easy victory. "It’s never easy when you play Andy," the US Open champion told Tennis Channel. "I mean yeah, after the match when you win 6-4 6-2 you can say that yes probably I had some margin but you know, that’s tennis." JUST IN: Kyrgios gives Miami Open outburst verdict as Brooksby spared full fine  Referring to some of the other three-set battles that had already unfolded at the Miami Open this week, the 13-time title winner said he never felt he was safely through the match until the very last point. He continued: "We saw so many matches where one guy is leading, seems like a comfortable win, and then you go on the app two hours later and ‘no way he lost’, like let’s say Kokkinakis yesterday. That’s what tennis is all about so I knew that from the first to the last point of the match I had to be there." Medvedev was also happy with his game after suffering an early loss in Indian Wells recently. Having reached the world No 1 spot, becoming the first non-Big Four member to sit atop the rankings in 18 years, he lost his first and so far only ever match as the world No 1 to Gael Monfils 4-6 6-3 6-1 after receiving a bye to the second round but managed to bounce back in Miami and defeat Murray. "Managed to serve really well, managed to win some good points and I’m happy about my level," he added. DON'T MISSRaducanu fires back after Brit warned players are losing 'respect'Djokovic left in limbo over US Open after New York mayor decisionTsitsipas 'not focusing' on succeeding Federer, Nadal and Djokovic  Medvedev will next face the winner of a match between 27th seed Cristian Garin and Pedro Martinez. With Djokovic left unable to play in Indian Wells or Miami, the 26-year-old can also surpass him and reclain the world No 1 ranking with a semi-final showing this week but he has never before made the last four of the Miami Open. He currently sits just 55 ranking points behind the Serb and would gain 180 by reaching the semis, having made the quarter-final last year where he lost to Roberto Bautista Agut.