Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admits he had doubts about how his players would perform against Norwich. Tuchel saw his side beat strugglers Norwich 3-1 at Carrow Road on a hugely difficult day off the pitch for Chelsea. The club's owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK Government on the morning of the game to create huge doubt over the immediate future of the Blues. Chelsea are currently not permitted to sell any match tickets or official merchandise. They are also not allowed to offer new contracts to current players, as well as affectively being placed under a transfer embargo. The UK Government have frozen Abramovich's assets due to his reported links with Russia president Vladimir Putin. Chelsea have been granted a licence to continue some footballing duties, which includes carrying out their fixtures. TOP STORY: Chelsea given hope with American groups in three-way tussle after Abramovich sanctions  A trip to basement club Norwich was first on the agenda for Tuchel's side. Two of the club's own, Trevoh Chalobah and Mason Mount, put the visitors into an early two-goal lead. Teemu Pukki pulled one back from the penalty spot before Kai Havertz sealed the win late on. After the match, Tuchel was asked by the BBC if he held any doubts that the off-field saga would affect how his players performed. DON'T MISSWhat Chelsea's £20,000 travel cap means for Champions League fixtures [NEWS]Azpilicueta becomes first Chelsea player to break silence over Roman Abramovich [INTERVIEW]Harry Kane tells Tottenham team-mates he will snub Man Utd and Man City on two conditions [TRANSFERS]  The German replied: "It would be a lie if I said I had no doubts but there is also a lot of trust. "In difficult circumstances we produced a lot of results and good performances so we can trust in our mentality and the culture in the club. We allowed ourselves to focus on the football." Tuchel says his squad were able to shut themselves away from the uncertainty for a couple of hours and enjoy their trip to Norfolk. "We cannot influence it so we allowed ourselves to enjoy it," he told Sky Sports.  "We have the privilege to play and sometimes it's good to sweat it out. "We tried to work hard to get the focus out. I would love to talk about sport but of course I understand you have a lot of questions. "We are also an entertainment so that's why it is like this." Chelsea have seen main shirt sponsors Three suspend their £40m-a-year deal following the sanctions on Abramovich.  Tuchel is unsure what will happen next after being taken by surprise of Thursday morning's news. He is adamant he and the players will continue to fight for the shirt as long as they have enough of them to wear. Tuchel told BBC Radio 5 Live: "Let's see if it stays like this. If it does, I don't know. We take it day by day. I didn't see that coming yesterday and I don't know what is coming tomorrow. "Everybody can be very sure that we focus on us, to keep the attitude and the mentality right on the training ground and within the team. "So far we can trust each other and this will not change. As long as we have enough shirts and a bus to drive to the games we will be there and will compete hard." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 