With the conflict in Ukraine exposing the problems of Europe's heavy reliance on Russia for energy imports, the EU has been scrambling to try to diversify its supplies. Some progress has been made with a new deal announced with the US to supply an additional 15 billion cubic meters of liquefied natural gas (LNG) to Europe by the end of the year however, with Russia accounting for 40 percent of the continent's supplies, filling this gap is a tall order. Even those in the US have shown scepticism, with former US energy secretary Dan Brouillette admitting: "Frankly, I’m not quite sure that everyone can make up that shortfall. That’s an enormous amount of gas.”  Last year, Russia supplied around 160 billion cubic meters of gas to Europe, over 10 times the amount offered by the US. Under the EU's current commitments, it is aiming to reduce imports of Russian gas by 100 billion cubic meters, having stopped short of a full embargo. In a research note, consultancy Pantheon Macroeconomics stated they were "sceptical" for a number of reasons. The report notes: "First, the US LNG sector is not nationalised, so it is unclear whether Mr Biden’s promises to the EU will materialise into actual supply.  "Second, the amount promised by the US this year is significantly lower than the 100B cubic metres the EU has said it will stop buying from Russia. "Third, it is unclear whether EU storages can receive this much liquefied natural gas." Pantheon Macroeconomics believes the EU is "in a tight spot", noting: "The risk of an embargo on Russian energy is rising, mainly because the US is applying pressure on the EU. "Our analysis that the EU would struggle to cover 100B cubic metres cut in Russian gas supply this year, means that it would be impossible to replace the 150-to160B needed in the event of a full embargo."  Countries such as Germany and the Netherlands have been trying to boost their storage capacity - such measures won't be operational for a number of years. In the meantime, Germany currently has no LNG terminals. Pantheon Macroeconomics notes the EU's "domestic production also likely won't offset the committed cut to Russian imports". Currently, as much as 90 percent of EU gas demand is met by imports with many member states turning away from production of their own due to climate change policy. According to the International Energy Agency, natural gas saw one of the steepest falls in EU production of energy in the decade from 2010-2020, falling by -62.4 percent. With US supplies unlikely to make up the shortfall from Russia, and limited domestic production of its own, the EU will also rely on non-US suppliers. However, these are also limited. Norway has already reached maximum capacity while plans by Algeria to increase capacity have so far only given a two billion cubic meter boost. After the US, Qatar is the the EU's second biggest supplier of LNG, accounting for 24 percent of imports last year. Here, the EU has had some positive developments with Germany securing a new long term deal with the Gulf state.    DON'T MISS: Financial firms remain in the UK despite Brexit fears [REVEAL] Japanese yen suffers worst month since 2016 [ANALYSIS] Ukraine conflict batters confidence in German economy [SPOTLIGHT] In recent comments to CNN, Qatar's Minister of State for Energy Affairs Saad Sherida Al-Kaabi confirmed Qatar would continue supplying Europe with gas, adding "from a business perspective, we do not choose sides". Nigeria has also offered to increase supplies to the EU, though analysts at Pantheon Macroeconomics note it is limited by "low capacity due to poor infrastructure". Weighing up potential supply options will prove key to whether the EU follows the US in banning Russian supplies altogether. So far, heavily reliant countries such as Germany have pushed against this, with Chancellor Olaf Scholz arguing it would push Europe into recession.  Pantheon Macroeconomics conclude the EU is "in a tight spot", noting: "The risk of an embargo on Russian energy is rising, mainly because the U.S. is applying pressure onthe EU. "Our analysis that the EU would struggle to cover 100B cubic metres cut in Russian gas supply this year, means that it would be impossible to replace the 150-to160B needed in the event of a full embargo. 