The Scottish government admitted to billing the extortionate amount over five years in a response to a written parliamentary question. It said £12,070,860 had been spent to do up the furniture in government buildings since 2017. The excessive spending comes despite Ms Sturgeon saying Scots had a "moral imperative" to reduce their own waste and consider mending old items rather than replacing them. Later this year the Scottish Government even intends to introduce a new Bill that will include tough new targets for reducing raw material usage, particularly those that are hard to recycle. Ms Sturgeon has long heralded her green credentials. "In Scotland, we are already acting to tackle the climate emergency," she told the COP26 climate change summit last autumn. READ MORE: Sturgeon slammed for blocking UK energy lifeline during Russia crisis "I pledge to do what I can to deliver that change, no matter how difficult that is." She added: "The circular economy has become an increasing priority for countries right across the world and rightly so. "That’s for both environmental but also economic reasons." In a speech in 2018 she also lectured Scots on the need "to keep materials in use for as long as possible, in order to reduce the environmental impact of our consumption". The Scottish Conservatives have warned voters will be outraged by the Holyrood government's spending on buying new furniture rather than repairing existing items. The party's energy spokesman, Liam Kerr, told the Scottish Daily Express: "The nationalists are happy enough to lecture people and businesses about the importance of reusing and recycling material. DON'T MISS:Has Blackford’s hatred for Boris made him stupid? asks CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Finally! SNP sees sense and puts IndyRef2 on ice to confront Putin [UPDATE]SNP's Ian Blackford demands Britain's nuclear deterrent is axed [REACTION] "But when it comes to their own conduct, they don’t seem to think that applies. "The public will be dismayed that £12million of their money has been spent kitting out Scottish Government offices. "Money clearly isn’t as tight as the SNP would have us believe. "Ministers should either significantly reduce their spend on flashy new furniture, or cease lecturing everyone else about their own choices and behaviour." The Scottish government has defended its spending, saying the high figure was due to working from home requirements because of Covid and the opening of a new government building. A spokesperson said: "The Scottish Government is committed to re-using and recycling all furniture, including reupholstering furniture, recycling to other agencies and ethical disposal of any end of life product. "Throughout the pandemic we have procured a volume of chairs and other equipment to support safe home working, which will be reused elsewhere across the government estate if no longer needed for home working. "We have also delivered from 2016 to 2019 a programme of smarter working across Edinburgh and Glasgow to make more efficient use of office space and consolidate our estate. "In addition, some of the furniture procured during this time was for our new building in Glasgow which was set up between 2019 to 2020."