The £3.5bn theme park on the bank of the River Thames was due to open its doors in 2025, and is described on its website as a “a world-class, sustainable, next generation entertainment resort.” However, London Resort Company Holdings said changes to the ports of Tilbury and Grays on the Essex side of the Thames were preventing them from proceeding with the plans. The resort plans were met with outcry from animal lovers for the impact on the local area, which houses several endangered species including a miniature spider. The planning application has now been withdrawn - although developers say they intend to resubmit it later this year. Part of the issue is that last March, the area was named as a “Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), due to the national importance of its geology, plant life and wildlife. The area is home to five nationally-scarce species of vascular plants, four of which are also vulnerable to extinction in Britain, and 1,700 invertebrate species. Notably, this includes a critically endangered, 1cm jumping spider.  London Resort's chief executive PY Gerbeau said: "In the best interests of the London Resort, we are withdrawing the current application, as a result of the classification of Tilbury as a freeport which has meant revisions are required in moving the ferry terminal from Tilbury to Grays. "We are working closely and collaborating with Thurrock Council on that matter." The designation as an SSSI led to both the BBC and ITV withdrawing their interests from the park. Mr Gerbeau added: "The [Tilbury ferry terminal] issue, combined with the decision by Natural England to designate a brownfield contaminated site as a SSSI has impacted the project. "We in turn have acquired significant land holdings as part of our mitigation strategy combined with our commitment to spend £150m on environmental improvements on the peninsula. READ MORE: Children set fire to Morrisons in town where parents must 'get a grip' [REVEAL] "These changes are considered material and as such require withdrawal and resubmission." Jamie Robins, programme manager for conservation organisation Buglife, said: "We can't let such a precious site be lost. "Now that the application has been withdrawn, we have to make sure that the proposals never come forward again and the site can be kept for nature. "We are in a biodiversity crisis and we have to protect our best remaining wildlife sites." DON'T MISS: Fury as 'envious' EU takes UK to court for green energy subsidies [INSIGHT]Brexit POLL:Do YOU agree that Boris Johnson should trigger Article 16? [ANALYSIS]Brexit Britain must repair relationship with EU in face of Ukraine cri [REVEAL] Dr Hilary Newport, from CPRE Kent, added: "Mitigation or relocation of wildlife habitats here would be impossible." A spokesman for local businesses added that many businesses in the area had suffered “10 years of unnecessary financial stress, mental pain and job losses as a result of this fairy-tale dream.” However, the fight to protect the area from developers is not yet over, as the London Resort chief added that they are committed to bringing the project to fruition. He said: "Make no mistake, we are still 100 per cent committed to this amazing project and we will resubmit before the end of 2022 and look forward to delivering a world class entertainment resort – the UK deserves better and we will make it happen.”