On February 27, the Pope first made his thoughts on the conflict known to those who gathered in St. Peter’s Square in the Vatican City where people unfurled Ukrainian flags. In the days following the invasion on Ukraine, Pope Francis called for humanitarian corridors for refugees and expressed his belief that those who are violent and create war do not have God on their side.  He said: “Those who make war forget humanity. It does not come from the people, they don't consider the everyday lives of people but put partisan interests before everything and trust in the diabolic and perverse logic of weapons, which is the furthest thing from God's mind.” Speaking on the images of families fleeing the country, he stated: “They are brothers and sisters, for whom we must urgently open humanitarian corridors. They must be welcomed. “May the weapons fall silent. God is with the peacemakers, not with those who use violence ... It is the people who are the real victims, who pay for the folly of war with their own skin.” The Pope had contacted Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to share his “most profound pain” for Ukraine’s suffering and also visited the Russian embassy to condemn the acts of Russia.  On Sunday, he once again shared in the suffering of Ukrainians and called for Russia’s “unacceptable armed aggression” to stop. After calling for humanitarian corridors to help those fleeing the country, Pope Francis strongly condemned the “barbaric” killing of children and unarmed civilians on these corridors and in the bombing of civilian buildings. He added that these violent acts had “no valid strategic reason” and called Mariupol a “martyred city” after the shelling of the maternity and children’s hospital. READ MORE:Putin health concerns: President may be suffering from brain disorder  The name Mariupol is a tribute to the Virgin Mary as it bears her name and is who the Pope prayed to for peace. Once again, the Pope asked for “truly secure humanitarian corridors” to be restored to protect fleeing citizens. He added: “In the name of God, let the cry of the suffering people be heard, and let the bombings and attacks stop. “In the name of God, I ask you: stop this massacre.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Would you provide a room for a Ukrainian refugee? VOTE HERE (POLL)Solar storm warning: Earth faces 'triple threat' from space as 'dir... (INSIGHT)Brexit Britain handed energy boost with new 'mini nuclear reactors’ (ANALYSIS)    Pope Francis later warned of Ukrainian cities “being reduced to cemeteries” if the conflict continues at such a rate. The Pope has been cautious to not directly refer to Russia but to refer strongly to its actions such as “armed aggression” and the lack of strategic reasoning to criticise the Russian forces. He deplored the term “special military operation” which Russia say they are carrying out and instead said that the conflict caused “rivers of blood and tears” to flow in Ukraine and “is sowing death, destruction and misery”. He said: “With pain in my heart I join my voice to that of the common people, who implore an end to the war.” 