The epic tale of kings and Vikings continues in the brand new sequel series, released on Netflix last Friday. As the streamer has already shown confidence by confirming not one but two more seasons of Vikings: Valhalla are in the works, some familiar faces could be set to make a surprising return. Caroline Henderson has teased she could reprise her role as Jarl Haakon in the second season of Vikings: Valhalla. Haakon became a central part of Freydís’ (Frida Gustavsson) story, training the Pagan warrior into a formidable shieldmaiden. Sadly, her journey in the series came to a bloody conclusion during Kattegat's war with Jarl Kåre (Asbjørn Krogh Nissen). Even so, Caroline has since maintained there is still room for Haakon to return in the second season from beyond the grave. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series “We don’t really know that [she won’t be back],” she told Metro. Jarl Haakon has already shown signs of supernatural precognition and is shown to hold strong Pagan beliefs. Could she have tapped into the spiritual plane to haunt Freydís in the next stage of her quest? Caroline teased: “She might turn up as a ghost or something.” “She’s a Pagan and she’s very strong in her belief. I think portraying that and being part of that journey was amazing because she knows what’s going to happen.” The Swedish actress joined the cast of breakout stars such as Sam Corlett, Laura Berlin and Leo Suter for the first season of Valhalla. While the rest of her co-stars will be back for season two and, hopefully, season three, Caroline clarified Jarl Haakon was an “amazing part to play” even if she doesn’t come back. She has also addressed some of the controversies which arose following her casting, as Jarl Haakon was believed to have been a male historical figure. DON'T MISS:Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe shares concerns over playing Claire [INSIGHT]Better Call Saul’s Bob Odenkirk opens up on set collapse [LATEST]NCIS’ Jimmy star pays tribute to surprise returning co-star [COMMENT] Caroline explained: “I want to clarify that because I heard people do believe it’s a male character but it’s not! “It’s not a male character at all, she’s purely fictional.” “That being said, of course she’s inspired by big warriors,” she added. “Big rulers – both female and male – from history.” Jarl Haakon is potentially inspired by the male warrior Haakon Sigurdsson, one of the rulers of Normandy in the 10th Century. However, Michael Hirst’s original Vikings series for History was often known for playing fast and loose with historical records, so most fans didn’t mind the same approach for the sequel. Valhalla has proven a hit amongst Vikings enthusiasts, who were thrilled to learn showrunner Jeb Stuart has already wrapped production on a second season. Netflix has ordered 24 episodes of Valhalla in total, so the first season's eight-part run suggests the gripping sequel series will continue for at least two more instalments. Vikings: Valhalla season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.