Prince Albert proposed to former Olympic swimmer Charlene Wittstock in 2010, offering her an unique engagement ring. However, the Royal hardly ever wears the jewel. Princess Charlene and Prince Albert’s wedding was a lavish affair, reported to be one of the most expensive European royal weddings in history. The wedding took place over two days, July 1 and July 2, 2011. This was because the couple celebrated their union during two ceremonies: a civil ceremony, which was held in the Palace’s Throne Room, and a religious ceremony, which was held in the Palace’s courtyard. Red carpet was laid out and 100,000 guests looked on as the couple wed. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours The Palace’s gates were open so that up to 3,500 visitors could follow the ceremony on giant screens in its square. Part of the ceremony was in Afrikaans, one of the official languages of South Africa, where Princess Charlene is from. Prince Albert’s parents, Grace Kelly and Prince Rainier also had two ceremonies when they wed decades prior, in 1956. But their religious ceremony took place in Monaco’s Saint Nicholas Cathedral. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] During Charlene and Albert’s wedding service, the couple exchanged 18-carat white gold platinum rings by Cartier. But what was Charlene’s engagement ring like? The ring is unique in its shape as it features a pear-cut diamond. This large diamond is at the centre of the silver ring, flanked by smaller diamonds in triangle arrangements. The piece was crafted by Parisian jeweller Repossi. Charlene’s ring is bespoke, making it a completely unique design. However, she rarely wears the ring, and does not either wear her wedding band very often. The Royal has even been seen donning other, completely different rings on her wedding finger. Several times throughout 2019 and 2020, Charlene was out in public without her engagement ring or wedding band. In May 2019, she was without her ring when she met Lewis Hamilton as he won the Monaco Grand Prix. On Monaco’s National Day in November 2019, the Royal sported a two-banded silver and gold ring on the wedding finger of her left hand – instead of her engagement ring and wedding band. In June 2020, she again ditched the jewels for an entirely different ring to attend Elizabeth-Ann de Massy’s funeral at Monaco Cathedral. This ring was a chunky silver jewel.