Carlos Alcaraz insists he has proved he can compete with the world’s best despite being beaten by childhood icon Rafa Nadal at Indian Wells. The teen sensation impressed during the tournament but was dumped out in the semi-final against his idol.   Alcaraz took Nadal to a third set but was beaten 6-4 4-6 6-3 in a thrilling contest. The 35-year-old veteran reserved high praise for his opponent after the match. And 18-year-old Alcaraz believes his performance was evidence that he can compete at the highest level, warning rivals: ‘I’m part of that level’. Many former professionals and pundits believe the Spaniard will be a multi-Grand Slam winner. Alcaraz said: “In the second set and the third set [I was thinking], 'Okay, I'm playing against Rafa, but I'm going to show my level, I'm going to give my 100 per cent that I [could] be able to beat him or [come] close to beating him.'"   JUST IN: Man Utd tipped to make 'radical' Cristiano Ronaldo transfer decision He added: "[It was my] second time against Rafa. I feel like I'm part of that level. I am part of these kind of players, I think I'm going to play against Rafa or the best players a lot this year." “In the second set, [there was] a lot of wind. We survived. I think it wasn't a tennis match in the second set." Nadal is excited by Alcaraz after being a tough time by his countryman. He has insisted the youngster has all the key attributes of a top player.    DON'T MISS...Roger Federer's potential return date as Swiss star's promising updateMurray seen with Lendl at Miami Open after rehiring former coachNadal concerns shared by former Federer coach ahead of Alcaraz clash  “I think he has all the shots,” Nadal said after extending his 2022 record to 20-0. “He can play very aggressive. He can play defensive because he's super fast. He can defend amazing balls. Of course, when he's playing aggressive, it is difficult to stop him because the quality of his ball is very high. “I think he has all the ingredients to become an amazing champion. I didn't come to the match more nervous because I was playing a youngster. I treated it like I was playing against a top-eight player. In terms of level, that was my feeling.” Nadal faces Taylor Fritz in Sunday’s final. American Fritz overcame Andrey Rublev in his semi-final.   