To achieve Isa millionaire status, you have to invest every year and pick the right investment funds and trusts. New research has highlighted the funds that would have made you a million. Time is running out for those who want to use this year's tax-free individual savings account, or Isa, as the deadline is just a month away at midnight on April 5. If you do not use at least some of your £20,000 allowance by then, you will have lost it for good. Don't despair if you don't have cash to hand right now, as you get a new £20,000 allowance from April 6, which is far more than most people can afford to invest these days. Isas are attractive because they allow you to pay money either into cash or stocks and shares, and take all your returns free of income tax and capital gains tax for life. However, if you want to become a millionaire, you won't do it with a cash Isa, given today's rock-bottom interest rates. You need to invest in a stocks and shares Isa instead. In the short term stock markets are riskier, especially right now, as inflation skyrockets and Russia attacks Ukraine. But in the longer run, they deliver far superior returns, and are turning ordinary Isa investors into millionaires. Isas were originally launched by former Chancellor Gordon Brown in April 1999, and Britons held an incredible £620 billion in them at the end of the 2019/20 tax year. Half of this is in stocks and shares Isas, even though only one in 20 people has ever bought one. Those who took the plunge have been well rewarded. The average Isa millionaire has a staggering £1,412,000, official figures show. This is all tax free for as long as you live. Many people are wary of stocks and shares because they do not fully understand them. There is a huge choice of investment funds, but some have performed far better than others. READ MORE: Stock markets bounce back after Putin sanctions fears An investor who has used up their full allowance since 1999 and earned a steady 5 percent a year would have a pot of just over £441,000 today, said Laura Suter, head of personal finance at AJ Bell. “They will need to have generated an average return of 25 percent a year to achieve Isa millionaire status.” That's a tall order but plenty of funds have done that and more. If you had maxed out your annual Isa allowance into top performing investment trust HgCapital, which invests in software and services businesses, you would have a scarcely believable £2,062,931 today. Second best performer, the Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust, which has a strong focus on technology companies, returned £2,046,762. Two other tech investment trusts, Allianz Technology and Polar Capital Technology, returned £1,746,012 and £1,555,681 respectively. The Asia-focused Pacific Horizon investment trust returned £1,726,154. High-risk, high-return smaller companies funds did particularly well, according to the Association of Investment Companies, making up, 14 of the 30 Isa millionaire investment companies. DON'T MISS:Pensions vs ISAs: Which saving tactic offers 'greater benefits'? [INSIGHT]Lifetime ISA: How to find the best LISA for you [ANALYSIS]Cash ISA horror warning: British savers set to lose £8billion [WARNING] Top names include Aberdeen Standard Asia Focus, and two UK smaller company funds, BlackRock Throgmorton Trust and BlackRock Smaller Companies. Montanaro European Smaller Companies and Scottish Oriental Smaller Companies also did well. Among unit trusts, a slightly different type of investment fund, Baillie Gifford American performed best turning Isa contributions into £1.4 million. Liontrust UK Smaller Companies, Baillie Gifford Pacific and Janus Henderson Global Tech Leaders delivered more than £1.25 million. Becoming an Isa millionaire should become easier in future, due to the increased £20,000 limit, up from £7,000 in 1999, Suter added. But you need to make sure you use it, and the deadline is looming fast. It is also important to remember that past performance is no guide to the future. These Isa millionaire maker funds have all done well during the tech boom, but may not repeat their success. To spread your risk, build a balanced portfolio covering different funds and sectors. The number one investment rule applies: Never put all your eggs in one basket.