Experts are advising gardeners to put extra care into reviving their lawns after harsh winter conditions, which may have taken a toll on the lawn, causing dead and dull patches. However, with spring just around the corner, gardening experts at Gardenbuildingsdirect.co.uk have shared tips and tricks on how to bring it back to life. A spokesperson for the company said: “It is usual for your lawn to look rough after winter, especially after bearing all the storms, cold temperatures and harsh weather conditions we’ve had this year. “Although your lawn can recover on its own, it’s helpful to aid and speed up the process by helping it prepare for healthy growth. “With a few simple steps, you can make a huge impact on rejuvenating your lawn and right now is the perfect time to get your garden back into shape.” To help start the process of reviving the lawn, gardeners should remove any debris that has built up on the lawn including dead leaves and branches. READ MORE: Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio According to the experts, it would help to remove dead grass and plants that didn’t survive the winter. Gardenbuildingsdirect.co.uk experts added: “Cleaning up will give you a clear picture of the state of the lawn and the most problematic areas that you should focus on. “You can do that by using a lawn rake, as raking will prepare the lawn for the next steps. “Pull out all weeds and prevent them from popping up in your garden using a weed killer. DON'T MISS:How to get a quick house sale ‘without spending a penny’ [COMMENT]Soft furnishings can ‘instantly date’ a home - what to go for instead [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ [INSIGHT] “Getting rid of weeds will make it more likely for your other garden plants to grow and flourish, as this way, they don’t have to compete with unwanted weeds for water, light and nutrients. “It’s essential to remember that you should eliminate the weeds before the fertilisation and watering steps to avoid the weeds growing out of control.” Next, gardeners can aerate the topsoil on the lawn as it can get waterlogged and compacted. According to the experts, this step is “vital”. They said: “Aeration is done by poking holes into the land using a plug of spike aerator, similar to a hand-push mower. “Improving the ground makes a huge difference in how healthy your grass and plants will look in the upcoming spring and summer seasons.” For those with brown patches across the lawn, it is recommended to reseed the lawn to fill it in. Gardenbuildingsdirect.co.uk said the “simplest” way to do so is to scatter the seeds evenly with your hand, using a seed spreader. They added: “It would help to make sure that your grass and plants are watered consistently, significantly if you had thinned patches that you had to over seed after winter. “In the UK this shouldn’t be too tricky as it rains so often, but gardeners should not forget to give their extra lawn care when it’s dry.” To help make the lawn “greener” and “healthier”, gardeners could fertilise their lawn to help provide it with the nutrients. Fertilising helps plants and grass grow to their full potential. The experts continued: “To ensure that your lawn stays in good shape throughout the year, you should maintain its maintenance even after you’ve managed to resurrect it. “That’s the thing with gardening, you can’t just look after your garden for a few weeks and then abandon it, it requires constant upkeep and care. “To keep your lawn looking friendly and healthy, mow it regularly, make sure that the grass gets enough water and fertilise it.”