Ukrainian tennis star Sergiy Stakhovsky recently left his wife and children to go back to his home country, to fight with his fellow Ukrainians against the Russian invasion on his home soil. The international tennis star predicted that the conflict between the two neighbouring countries wouldn't end well, and told BBC journalist Naga Munchetty that he knew that what happened in Kharkov will happen next in Kyiv. Mr Stakhovsky also praised Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky for his courageous efforts in supporting his country Mr Stakhovsky told the BBC: "We only are allowed to be used in the permit of the city, we are the territorial defence. "So we cannot leave the city of Kyiv, we are here in support of the Ukraine armed forces. "But basically what we do is just, we have some checkpoints we stand on, controlling the cars in terms of the Ukrainians passing through. "Delivering stuff, communication... We don't do serious stuff, thank God because I think for that the army are more responsible. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG    Host Naga Munchetty added: "And when you say the serious stuff, have you been given any indication because you'll be aware of the reports, as we've been reporting here in the UK. "Tanks making their way, a convoy making its way to Kyiv, have you been told that you would be expected to do the serious stuff as you would say? Hold a gun, use a gun?" Mr Stakhovsky said: "Well everybody's here with that thought and understanding that this is the future, most likely. "Nobodys telling you nothing going to be ok, everybody is understanding the situation we're in.  READ MORE: Boris told to unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' will end Russia "Everybody understands that very soon the path of Kharkiv, the shelling began two days ago and is continuously going on, is going to happen in Kyiv as well." “We hope it will eventually end, we know Russia doesn't want to lose so we know it won't end well most likely but we are prepared for it.” When talking about Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, Mr Stakhovsky added: "We have a President that is leading by example, in our case is the most important. "We have a person who is willing to go the distance, he understands and accepts his risks but he stayed in Kyiv and he stayed with his people." Mr Zelensky has managed to stay safe and alive despite the Chechnyan army hit on his life. Mr Zelensky said in a recent statement: “The occupiers will receive only one thing from Ukrainians: resistance. Fierce resistance. “Such resistance that they will forever remember that we don't give up what is ours, that they will remember what a patriotic war is. “Yes, for us Ukrainians, this is a patriotic war. We know how patriotic wars start and we know how they end for the invaders.” “In Nikolaevsk, the occupiers are forced to use tens of helicopters to pick up their killed and wounded - 19 and 20-year-olds. Tobias Ellwood, the Chair of the House of Commons Defence Select Committee, has been urging the British Government to increase the spending allowance on military defence. Speaking to the Express, Mr Ellwood said: "We need to move to three percent. "We need to wake up to this. Immediately. Operationally we need to be supporting Ukraine through military equipment, and even the consideration of a no-fly zone. "Because if we don't, where does this go to next? "More strategically we need to recognise that we are experiencing a turning point in European security. That must be addressed urgently." 