Prince William and Kate Middleton’s royal visit to the Caribbean has hit some notable road bumps in recent days. The Jamaican Prime Minister effectively served notice on the Queen via her grandson this week, telling the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge that Jamaica will seek to remove Her Majesty as its head of state. Andrew Holness met with the royal pair on their trip to the Caribbean country, and told them that his country is “moving on”. He said: “There are issues here which are, as you would know, unresolved, but your presence gives an opportunity for these issues to be placed in context, put front and centre and to be addressed as best we can. “But Jamaica is, as you can see, a country that is very proud of its history, very proud of what we have achieved and we are moving on and we intend to attain, in short order, our developing goals and to fulfil our true ambitions… as an independent, developed, prosperous country.” The royal couple, who flanked Holness on either side when he made the announcement, did not immediately react except for only a couple of brief head nods.  READ MORE: Kate and William leave Jamaica for what may be 'last time' for royals The announcement surprised many on the island of nearly three million people - the prospect of independence has been brewing for some time, but no formal steps or declarations have been announced until now. Upon the duke and duchesses arrival in Jamaica, they were met with protesters demanding an apology and reparations for historic British slavery. One placard held by a little girl read: "Kings, Queens and Princesses and Princes belong in fairytales not in Jamaica!" In a speech later on Wednesday, Prince William did not address calls to remove his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth, as head of state. He also stopped short of apologising for slavery, but he did say he agreed with his father's previous declaration that "the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history". Last year, Jamaica's government claimed it will ask Britain for compensation for forcibly transporting an estimated 600,000 Africans to work on sugarcane and banana plantations. The country would be the second in recent memory to sever its ties with the Queen Elizabeth II, after Barbados became a republic at the end of 2021. Jamaica is one of nine Caribbean countries that still retain the British monarch as their head of state.  DON'T MISSMeghan's South Africa speech 'moved hearts' but Kate 'sticks to rules' [INSIGHT]Prince William left in 'difficult place' amid royal tour of Jamaica [REPORT]Jamaican MP who 'snubbed' Kate said ‘I have nothing but respect’ [INSIGHT] Jamaican politicians have often made the case for independence a campaign pledge - but little has come to fruition in recent years. The Royal Family were involved in the mass trafficking and enslavement of African people for centuries after Elizabeth I took lucrative dealings with John Hawkins, one of Britain’s first slave traders in the 16th century. Jamaicans who support keeping the Queen as their head of state point to factors such as help from British law enforcement in tackling the island’s violent crime rate — one of the highest in the hemisphere. Yes - the country can remove the Queen as its head of state if it wishes to do so. If Mr Holness decides to move forward with the issue, it is most likely a referendum will be held. If the referendum results are in favour of leaving, Jamaica would then begin the process - however, this is not already set in stone. Jamaican officials have previously said the government is studying the process of reforming the constitution to become a republic - something experts believe could take year.