ABC’s popular cop drama has finally come back after several weeks off the air, with the 15th episode of season four, Hit List, continuing the drama this week. Unfortunately, the return of The Rookie could also herald the departure of one of the show’s most pivotal characters, and fans have expressed their concerns on Twitter following the latest promo. Fans of The Rookie were left distraught after Sergeant Wade Grey (played by Richard T Jones) appeared to be stabbed at the end of the latest promo. After two witnesses end up dead, John Nolan (Nathan Fillion) leaps to action to determine Wade’s whereabouts. Unfortunately, Grey was set to testify at the same court date as the dead witnesses, and it seems he could meet a similar fate. Walking alone in a car park, he’s accosted by an unknown woman in a pink coat who pulls a knife and apparently stabs him. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series Grey is finally seen buckling over and letting out a sharp groan of pain before the stinger concludes. Viewers will now have to head into the next episode knowing this could be one of the last times they see the Rookie fan-favourite. The LAPD Sergeant could be forced to take an early retirement due to his injury, or could even be killed during the confrontation. Many fans of the ABC drama flocked to Twitter upon seeing the new promo to speculate what could happen to Grey once Sunday rolls around. Maggie exclaimed: “They wouldn’t take Jackson AND Grey from us in the SAME season would they?? They really wouldn’t hurt us like that, right?” Fellow rookie Jackson West (Titus Makin Jr) was revealed to have been shot and killed at the start of season four - could Wade suffer a similar fate just a few episodes later? Andrea Ventura tweeted: “Grey better be okay. We can't, I repeat; we can't lose another one.” And Zak Blatché said: “The promo for next week makes me very nervous for Grey.” DON'T MISS:Law and Order SVU star lands huge role after Netflix success [NEWS]Futurama fans voice concerns despite cast member return [REACTION]Vikings Valhalla season 2: Star hints return despite death [INSIGHT] The Rookie’s latest episode, Long Shot, kept things light with the focus squarely on Nolan’s partnership with bounty hunter Skip Tracer Ray (Flula Borg). However, the show’s millions of fans could be in for some emotional whiplash if the harrowing teaser for episode 15 is to be believed. Concerned fan @VicOllerton tweeted: “I was going to stop watching this show but after seeing the promo for next week l need to find out what happens to Grey, l love him.” Despite the chilling tease at the end of the promo, one fan assured viewers that not everything may be as it seems. @MidwestAvengers mused: “Didn't Grey say his back goes out once a year like clockwork?” As there doesn’t appear to be any blood on his shirt, Grey may not have been stabbed after all. His age and back problems could have caught up with him in the scuffle, and he may simply be doubling over for a rest after evading his assailant. Hopefully the Sergeant gets away from the assault alive, but fans are certainly in for a tense ride when The Rookie returns over the weekend. The Rookie season 4 continues Sundays on ABC in the USA and Thursdays on Sky Witness in the UK.