Instead, the conflict may have already marked the beginning of a new Cold War that will see the world polarised between those who back Beijing and those who do not. On Friday EU officials said they had received “very reliable evidence”  that China was preparing to assist Russia militarily, echoing US assurances of heavy sanctions should this happen. That intention was refuted by Chinese premier Xi Jinping who, in a two-hour video call with US President Joe Biden, said: “State-to-state relations cannot advance to the stage of confrontation, and conflicts and confrontations are not in the interests of anyone.” While Beijing has not officially condemned Russia's invasion - launched just 20 days after it signed a “no limits” strategic partnership with Moscow - signals of domestic discontent have been emerging. An article published by prominent Shanghai academic Hu Wei three weeks ago condemning Russia’s actions was allowed to remain online for a fortnight before being removed, suggesting it was supported at the highest levels. He called for China to cut itself from Putin, give up being neutral and choose the global mainstream position, adding that efforts to avert a potentially nuclear war would ease relations with the West. On Wednesday US ambassador Qin Gang claimed that China had “no prior knowledge of Russia’s military action”, adding that Beijing, which relies in Ukraine for important rocket components and grain - would“ have tried our best to prevent it”. Whether or not this is true - many suspect China was duped by Russian assurances of a quick victory - it could herald a face-saving way for China to alter its stance over a war which is causing deep divisions at home. On the following day, China's state-owned media was permitted briefly to report the deaths of Ukrainian civilians by Russian rockets in Chernihiv. And a flight carrying Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov to Beijing on Thursday turned back while still over Siberia. Divisions over Russia are said to extend as high as the seven-members of the Politburo Standing Committee, the CCP’s top decision-making body. Xi needs the committee’s support if he wants to extend his party chairmanship by another five years in October’s 20th Party Congress. Yet Politburo members are said to be unimpressed by the colonial rhetoric used by Putin to justify his claim over Ukraine - language which China’s many African supplicants find especially disturbing. Commercially available Chinese-made DJI surveillance drones are already being deployed by both sides in Ukraine. China - whose weapons are largely Russian in design - could expand this to include spare parts for Russian fighter jets and even ammunition, on the basis that it is only replicating Western efforts. But reports from the US suggesting China will do this have not been confirmed by US intelligence briefings, and have been put down to anti-China rhetoric ahead of important mid-term elections for Biden. Former diplomat and China expert Matthew Henderson added: “There are signals suggesting Beijing may be having a rethink. China certainly does not seek a full-on shooting war with Nato, where Xi would be obliged to take sides.” Indeed, with interruptions in Ukrainian exports adding to existing problems, such as cities being locked down due to Covid, supply chain issues, rising food prices and even food rationing, this war is happening at the worst time for Xi, said Dean Cheng, of the Heritage Foundation’s  Asia Study Centre, adding: "XI is looking to 20th Party Congress in October where he is expecting to stay in power indefinitely. “The average person in China doesn’t care about partnerships with Russia - they want to know what the Party is doing to help." But China’s extraction from its Russian problem is not necessarily good news for the West. “Within five or ten years we may well be inhabiting a bi-polar world - you can see it coming,” said Cheng. “Xi looks out for China first, and he is terrified by the West’s coordinated effort to economically isolate Russia. “This crisis has made him very serious about financially insulating China from what Russia is going though.” Steps to make China’s economy more self-reliant already include Made in China 2025 and China Standards 2035. But now it will double down in creating its own SWIFT network to operate in parallel in each country where it has deep investments. “As soon as Germany agreed to sanction SWIFT, China’s number one priority became to neutralise it within the next three to five years, before invading Taiwan,“ added Cheng. Though economies remain globally intertwined, there may come a point when the comfort of strategic  neutrality is replaced by a need to choose sides. Countries like Pakistan seem to have already done so. Heavily indebted to China, PM Imran Khan was negotiating a wheat and natural gas deal with Vladimir Putin as his tanks rolled into Ukraine. And it is no coincidence that both Iran and North Korea chose to launch missile strikes and tests now, when the US and its allies required all surveillance assets to be focussed on Ukraine. China itself chose to illegally sail several vessels into Philippine waters ahead of the Biden meeting, in full knowledge that Washington DC has a defence pact with Manila. Conversely, South Korea’s new President Yoon Suk-yeol has already indicated more caution towards China and the strengthening of security ties with the US. Even the world’s biggest democracy India, which now has the hard currency to buy sophisticated US weapons - and which has welcomed Western assistance against an increasingly aggressive China - may not be able to use Russian arms sales as an excuse for neutrality indefinitely. Riccardo Cociani, Asia Pacific analyst for Sibylline strategic risk group, added: “This conflict will have a big impact regarding strategic trust. Things we may have taken for granted in the past no longer apply. “If, in five or 10 years, we are back in some form of a new Cold War - over technological supremacy, for instance - the Ukraine conflict could be regarded as the time when this Cold War first went hot. “