Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, stepped down from royal duties to live as private citizens in LA where they have since signed lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify. But the Sussexes have since received criticism including when Meghan contacted Republican Senators Shelley Moore Capito and Susan Collins on their private numbers to ask to support paid parental leave and a climate policy. US journalist Lee Cohen told Express.co.uk: "Out in the United States it's different. "In the UK, having a royal title is particularly meaningful. "In the US, people don't really understand the principles of constitutional monarchy. "They get any royal information from the tabloids or fantasies like the TV series, The Crown. "Many in the US are dazzled Harry and Meghan's glamour but sensible Americans are growing ever more disenchanted with their nonsense, their intrusions into politics and their attacks on Harry's family. READ MORE: Prince Andrew's taxpayers' funded security 'under review' "The very family that has given the Sussexes the only credential that makes them interesting." His comments come after royal commentator Hilary Fordwich pointed out that Meghan is unelected and should not be in the position. Speaking to Newsnation, Ms Fordwich said: "On the American side of things, we didn't elect Meghan Markle. "She's not elected. "The democrat has said there are going to be more phone calls than just those two. "She said, I gave out more numbers of senators, there may be more phone calls. "She added that Meghan Markle is going to be in a group of people working on how long this paid family leave should be. "We didn't elect her. Who wants her to be in that position? DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim [INSIGHT]Prince Harry has major plans to make himself 'more popular than ever' [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan advised to ditch attention-seeking stunts for Jubilee [VIDEO] "That's an issue for Americans to decide." The Queen's grandson Harry and his wife, the former Suits actress Meghan, still spark huge global interest. The duke is set to publish his memoirs in 2022 - the year of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee - with the royal family braced for the fallout. Harry is listed as the co-founder of Archewell in the publicity material for the misinformation event.