Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge said farewell to Belize yesterday as they boarded their flight to Jamaica. Wednesday marks day five of the Duke and Duchess' eight-day Caribbean tour, and a busy itinerary has been planned for their stay in Jamaica and the Bahamas. Kate and William said they hoped to "meet as many local people as possible" during their tour, and plenty of engagements have been scheduled for the couple to learn more about the three nations.  Kate and William arrived on Saturday for the start of their Caribbean tour, and they were welcomed by Belize's Prime Minister Johnny Briceño and his wife Rossana. The start of the tour was hit with turbulence when plans for the couple to tour a cacao farm in Indian Creek village were called off following backlash from residents. On day two of their visit, Kate and William visited the Che 'il chocolate farm where they ground cacao nibs, and they danced and met local residents while experiencing the culture of the Garifuna community in the coastal village of Hopkins. Kate and William visited the British Army Training Support Unit's (BATSUB) jungle training facility in the forest reserve on day three of their visit, and they also stopped off at the ancient Maya site of Caracol. Kate and William also dressed up for a reception on Monday night hosted by the Governor-General of Belize to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim Kate and William arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday, with the Duchess donning a bright yellow dress in tribute to Jamaica's flag. The Duke and Duchess' visit to Jamaica has prompted controversy, with demonstrations held calling on the monarchy to pay reparations for slavery in Jamaica. Kate and William's first day in Jamaica, and day four of their tour, saw them visit music legend Bob Marley's old Kingston neighbourhood of Trench Town.   The Duke and Duchess took part in a music session that saw both of them play the drums with other musicians. William also took part in a football match with local young footballers, and one of the Duke's sporting heroes also took part - England and Manchester City striker Raheem Sterling. To the delight of onlookers, Kate and William also sat in a training sleigh after meeting women and men from the bobsleigh team. On Wednesday night, William and Kate are expected to attend a dinner hosted by the Governor-General of Jamaica.  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton is 'confident' on tour while William is 'more cautious' [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton: Royals’ behind-the-scenes’ bid to make her ‘star’ [ANALYSIS]The best photos of William and Kate's Caribbean tour so far [PICTURES] For the final leg of their Caribbean tour, Kate and William will visit the Bahamas and they are expected to spend time with communities across the islands. Kate and William will hear about how people in Abaco coped in the aftermath of Hurricane Dorian, a Category 5 system that devastated the Bahamas in 2019. The famously competitive couple are expected to take part in a sailing regatta while in the Bahamas, and the visit is expected to include a nod to a beloved late royal. Prince Philip was an Honorary Commodore then Honorary Life Member of the Royal Nassau Sailing Club. Kate and William are also expected to experience a world-famous junkanoo parade during their visit. 