Carer’s Allowance is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to people who look after someone for 35 hours or more a week. However, 400,000 Britons are missing out on this state benefit which could be costing them thousands. Carer’s Allowance can be claimed by people as long as their earnings are £128 or less a week after tax and National Insurance. To qualify the person they are caring for must be claiming Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance or Child Disability Payment. Hundreds of thousands of unpaid carers are missing out on Carer’s Allowance which could be worth up to £3,515 a year. Not only that but it’s a gateway benefit that opens up the door to eight additional benefits. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment postcode checker: How to check What eight benefits could carers get? DON'T MISSState Pension: What happens to my pension when I die? [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis issues stark warning on energy bills [WARNING]State pension: Rishi Sunak urged to increase sum to £19,760 per year [UPDATE] Eligibility assessments aren’t typically needed like they are for Personal Independence Payments (PIP). However, claimants are advised to check with the person they are caring for as it could affect their benefits. Carers don’t need to be living with the person they care for. As long as they are helping them with tasks like washing, cooking or taking the patient to a doctor’s appointment they could qualify. Pensioners are the group that are missing out on the most benefits, often because they don’t know help is out there. They could also believe there is stigma attached to claiming state benefits. Another reason is that some may find the system too complicated. However, they can ask for assistance from a friend, the DWP, Citizen’s Advice or Age UK. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, the Government is proposing a new benefit to replace Carer’s Allowance, in Scotland. The proposals could see carers receive an additional payment of more than £500 a year if they care for more than one person. The Scottish Carers Assistance consultation has also said it wants to improve the current system and help carers access help with social care, employability, education and bereavement. If the plans go ahead they will be put into place after the Adult Disability Payment is introduced replacing Personal Independence Payments (PIP) for nearly 300,000 Scottish claimants from August.