The BBC Weather meteorologist said sunny and dry conditions will continue for most of the UK through Friday and Saturday, with widespread sunshine and mercury into the high teens. Matt Taylor noted high pressure will remain in charge, keeping the cloud away and bringing in the short-lived odd shower for some. But he warned cold weather will slowly return from Sunday, bringing in more average temperatures for the time of the year. Mr Taylor said: "A lovely start, a little bit chilly in places again this morning. We're still in March, don't forget, so the night is long enough for those temperatures to drop. "A bit of mist and fog but if we take a look at the forecast for today, it's going to be a day that is very familiar to many of you. "Another dry, sunny and warm one for the vast majority, just a few exceptions around. Reason? "Well, we've still got high pressure with us at the moment but it's under that we've trapped a lot of pollution." READ MORE: Spain's key holiday hotspots struck by torrential rain and floods - MAPPED He continued: "England and Wales high or very high pollution levels again but they will slowly improve through this weekend. But for most, it's another sunny one, a bit of cloud later maybe northern England, southern Scotland, and some isolated showers. "You will notice more cloud in the very far north of Scotland, could bring some rain to Shetland later and cloud also hugging some coasts around western parts of Scotland and the far north of Northern Ireland too. "Under the sunshine, it will be another warm one after a chilly start, temperatures 20 to 21 degrees, probably warmest around Yorkshire today. "Cooler where you've got that cloud across Scotland, temperatures still in single figures."  The BBC Weather forecaster said the warm spell will persist through Saturday as well: "For Saturday itself, it's going to be another dry, sunny and warm one for most. "The cloud will still be hugging around the coasts of northern and western Scotland and also Northern Ireland will see a bit more cloud around northern and eastern coasts too. "With a little bit more breeze across the south, it does look like the warmest conditions will be across western parts of England and Wales, 19 or 20 celsius possible here, most places still well above where they should be at this stage in March. DON'T MISS: Cold Weather Payment deadline looms - eligibility checker [INSIGHT] Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [REVEAL] Met Office yellow warning as 'dense fog' limits visibility ‘below 1 [REPORT] "But there will be first signs of changes as we go through Saturday night and into Sunday." Mr Taylor added: "High pressure starts to shift a little bit, it's going to help to break in more in the way of a little bit more cloud off the North Sea coast and that will gradually push in through England and Wales. "For some of you in England and Wales, it will be a grayer day, a misty day as well. "Feeling a lot cooler too, the best of the warmth probably in Western Scotland at this stage, temperatures up to 16C, 17C maybe a little bit higher across some western areas."