Tottenham manager Antonio Conte believes it’s “not good news for Chelsea fans” that Roman Abramovich has put the club up for sale. Conte spent two years in charge of the Blues during his first spell managing in the Premier League. Russian billionaire Abramovich bought Chelsea in 2003 and has overseen an incredibly successful period for the west Londoners. During his time in the capital, Chelsea have won a staggering 21 trophies, including five Premier Leagues, two Champions Leagues and a Club World Cup. But following his country’s invasion of Ukraine last week, the 55-year-old is trying to offload the club. He reportedly wants a quick sale as he fears his assets will be frozen by the UK government amid sanctions for some Russian nationals. And Conte believes the club will be left in a worse position when the ownership does change hands. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell “It’s very strange because he was the owner for many years and Chelsea in this period won a lot of trophies,” Conte told press ahead of Spurs’ Premier League clash with Everton on Monday. “For sure it was an amazing period - the Abramovich period - for Chelsea. “He wants to sell the club but for sure it’s not good news for Chelsea fans, especially for what he did during in this period he was the owner.” Conte was appointed Chelsea boss in 2016 and led the Blues to the Premier League title in his first season at the club. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration   He struggled to have the same impact during his second season at Stamford Bridge and was sacked after returning to pre-season training ahead of the 2018/19 campaign, despite guiding Chelsea to FA Cup glory months earlier. The Italian later managed Inter Milan for two seasons, where he guided the San Siro side to the Serie A title for the first time in 11 years. He quit the club at the end of last season, however, and took over at Spurs in November following the departure of Nuno Espirito Santo. “As I have stated before, I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interest at heart,” Abramovich said in a statement earlier this week.  “In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the club, the fans, the employees, as well as the club’s sponsors and partners. “Please know that this has been an incredibly difficult decision to make, and it pains me to part with the club in this manner. However, I do believe this is in the best interest of the club. “It has been a privilege of a lifetime to be part of Chelsea FC and I am proud of all our joint achievements. Chelsea Football Club and its supporters will always be in my heart.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 