Ski Sunday presenter Chemmy Alcott has told of her regrets over avoiding finding solutions for her sporting injuries, admitting that it was "inhibiting" her skiing career. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Alpine ski racer, 39, opened up about a horror smash which saw her break her leg in two places and left her in horrific pain for over a decade, until she considered an alternative to traditional forms of pain management. Speaking about the horror crash which saw her break her right leg in two places in 2010, Chemmy told how she had been living with the pain. The sportswoman explained she had physio and employed traditional ways of managing the pain, but nothing helped. However, while filming Ski Sunday last year, the mother-of-two started taking Dragonfly CBD, which she credits with managing her pain. Looking back at her career, Chemmy admitted that she regretted not trying the alternative sooner. READ MORE: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star She said: "I wish I knew then what I know now because I wonder how good an athlete I could have been because I thought it was quite inhibiting when I was performing at an elite level. "And I didn't see a management way around it even though I had a physio and everything. "I thought I was trying everything but nothing, nothing targets that like the CBD that has happened to me in the last year," she added. Chemmy added that she was terrified of drug testing during her skiing career which caused her to "ignore the potential" of what CBD could do for her. She explained: "I found it really late in my life and I think I was so scared of CBD and being an athlete who has drug tested my whole life. "I'm so scared of THC and what that might do to me because I'm a control freak that I kind of ignored all the massive potential of what CBD could do to heal my leg and to help me be pain free. "And that's a regret I have," she said. Tetrahydrocannabinol, known commonly as THC, is the main compound found in cannabis, however, it is not found in CBD oils. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [UPDATE]JK Rowling sparks backlash after hitting out at Labour MP [ANALYSIS]Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him [INSIGHT] Reflecting on her injuries, Chemmy went on: "I don't have any regrets about crashing because those are moments where I was charging. "I have regrets about not being more open-minded about solutions to my pain." She added that she was in "persistent" pain following the crash for over a decade. Chemmy said: "I had it all the way until January last year, I had this Nick Faldo size golf ball of swelling on the front of my shin that I squashed into a ski boot all the time. "I always call him Nick Faldo, I name everything to personalise it, and I'm like, 'Oh, hey, Nick's, back today, I better take it easy.' "And I've actually never met Nick [Faldo]. And I've got nothing against him at all, but I didn't want him in my life, on my leg," she reasoned. Speaking about the effects of CBD oil, Chemmy said: "I couldn't believe the difference it made. "Dragonfly CBD helps me lead the active life I want to, without being weighed down by pain," she added.