Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has offloaded a lot of players from his squad since being appointed in December 2019. Big-name players have departed the Emirates as Arteta aims to change the culture of the north London club. Arsenal are heading in the right direction but there are still a host of players who could be departing this summer. Mesut Ozil, Shkodran Mustafi and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang are three of the many high-profile departures during Arteta's reign so far. The Spaniard has a clear plan of backing younger players with a sprinkling of experience mixed in. But most of all he wants the attitude of the individual to be in line with his, in what he describes as a "non-negotiable". Arteta will continue to make changes to his squad this summer and there could be as many as 13 departures, with Express Sport looking at each case individually. TOP STORY: Thomas Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest  Bernd Leno Leno has lost his spot as No 1 to Aaron Ramsdale and is unlikely to win it back soon. He wants to be playing in a World Cup year and Arsenal have already signed his likely replacement in Matt Turner, who will arrive from New England Revolution this summer. Mohamed Elneny Elneny is out of contract at the end of the season and is unlikely to stay. The Egyptian has never been a regular in over six years with the Gunners. DON'T MISSNeymar shares private conversation with Gianluigi Donnarumma after rumours of PSG bust-up [SOCIAL]Chelsea given hope with American groups in three-way tussle after Abramovich sanctions [REPORT]Manchester United's next manager told the first signing he needs to make this summer [QUOTES]  Granit Xhaka Xhaka came close to leaving last summer but for Roma to fail to offer what Arsenal wanted. Roma are again interested and it would not be a surprise to see the Swiss star on his way. Alexandre Lacazette Lacazette's contract is coming to an end and it appears he won't be signing a new one. Arsenal need a striker with a bigger goal output than the Frenchman.  Eddie Nketiah Nketiah has turned down all offers of a renewal to his contract so far. There is likely to be clubs willing to offer him more game time than Arteta has so far. Hector Bellerin Bellerin is the first of a long list of loaness who look set to make permanent exits away from Arsenal. He seems settled on loan at Real Betis and a return to Arsenal appears unlikely at this stage.  Pablo Mari Mari left to join Udinese on loan in January. But the return of William Saliba next season means the Spaniard's game is unlikely to increase, so he could be heading to the exit. Konstantinos Mavropanos Football.london claims Stuttgart will sign Mavropanos on a permanent deal after his loan, even if they get relegated. The Greek has not played a single match under Arteta.  Lucas Torreira Torreira is spending a second season out on loan, this time at Fiorentina. The Serie A side are keen on signing him and have an option to do so at around £12.5million. Ainsley Maitland-Niles Maitland-Niles has fallen out of favour under Jose Mourinho while on loan at Roma. But his Arsenal contract expires in 2023 so they are likely to want to cash in before letting him leave for free.  Matteo Guendouzi It was confirmed last week that Guendouzi will make his loan to Marseille permanent. He was a player, like Ozil and Aubameyang, who got on the wrong side of Arteta. Reiss Nelson Nelson signed a one-year extension to his Arsenal deal before joining Feyenoord on loan last summer. But that was just to protect his value and, after a lack of game time while on loan, he is unlikely to be a key part of Arteta's plans. Alex Runarsson Runarsson struggled in his first season at Arsenal, appearing out of his depth at times. OH Leuven do not have an option to buy the Icelandic goalkeeper but he will be well down the pecking order upon his return to England. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 