''THE triple lock formula for pensions was unjustly paused in the first place but it was an absolute given that it would return after a year ("Triple lock is back! Pensions set to rise by 7.4%", March 29)'', says Peter Barnard from Beaumaris, Anglesey. ''To say that the move will be welcomed by pensioners is an affront to all who have had to make do with this year's feeble increase, a real-terms cut in what is probably their main source of income. ''Would you give the same praise to a thief who promised that in a year's time he would return only half the property he took? The damage is already done''. ''WHAT a pathetic situation when we have politicians and media troublemakers still bent on causing mayhem over parties at Downing Street up to two years ago ("Partygate probe will see 20 hit with fines", March 29)'', says  Ian Fuller from Harrogate, North Yorkshire. ''With all the problems that the world is facing we're seemingly still determined to make ourselves a laughing stock over a few drinks. It's not relevant to 90 per cent of the public, who continue to support Boris Johnson''. ''YOU don't have to say sorry Mr President, as we all agree with you ("Biden: I make no apologies for saying Putin must go", March 29)'', says Jim Wooster from High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. ''The sooner this man goes the better it will be for all of us. Vladimir Putin is a tyrant and his invasion of Ukraine is a crime against humanity''. ''AT THE start of the war it would have been unthinkable not to admire President Zelensky'', says Ronald Beesoon from Ilford, Essex. ''His staunch leadership, robust stand against the invaders and unwillingness to leave Ukraine bore the mark of a great leader. ''However as his popularity grew around the world, Ukraine burned and millions fled the country. ''He now professes de-escalation and a willingness to enter into meaningful peace talks while still asking for more arms from theWest. ''Given the personalities involved in both camps, is it now more about egos rather than a real desire for peace and stability?''  ''I REMEMBER a time when this was an event which people attended, enjoyed the night and were courteous and respectful, whether winning an award or not ("Slap in the face of decency at Oscars", March 29)'', says Martin Berry from Winsford, Cheshire. ''The presenters were warm, funny and there were never any disparaging words about anyone or anything. Now it has been hijacked by sanctimonious virtue signallers and crass presenters throwing cheap insults''. ''Was Will Smith right to give Chris Rock a slap? Well after the disgraceful words he said about Smith's wife, Rock was lucky Smith was no longer training for his role in Ali, otherwise he would have got a well-deserved punch''. ''WATCHING the Oscars is usually like waiting for paint to dry but seeing comedian Chris Rock being slapped byWill Smith was so real you'd almost think it was off-script'', says Mike Crump from Bridgnorth, Salop. ''That's Will Smith for you, a heartfelt speech and a well deserved award. Chris Rock? He certainly got the punchline. I can't wait for next year's ceremony''.