Clare Keen, 54 from Wiltshire, found herself helpless when she began to experience symptoms of the menopause. Suffering night sweats, bad moods and depression, her GP thought it was best to prescribe her antidepressants, but Clare opted to make some lifestyle changes - and she found dropping three foods from her diet really helped her. Having found herself struggling, Clare was desperate to get back in control of her own body. She joined WW (formerly known as Weight Watchers) in 2018, hoping to combat her high cholesterol. Through help and guidance with the diet and fitness plans, Clare has seen huge improvements with how she manages the menopause. Even though she wasn't concerned about her weight, she lost two stone after dropping these three foods and switching to a whole food plant-based diet. READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha weight loss: Diet secret that 'doesn't cost a penny' While there are a variety of different diets to follow that are meat-free, they all share many of the same ingredients. All food on a plant-based diet comes from plants with few or no ingredients that come from animals, including vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts, seeds and fruits. Plant-based helps keep your blood sugar in check, due to all the fibre in vegetables, fruit, legumes, and whole grains. Fibre can lower cholesterol and it's great for good bowel management. DON'T MISS...Dr Michael Mosley: 'Absolutely vital' micronutrient for weight loss [HEALTH NEWS]Mark Labbett weight loss: How The Chase star dropped 10 stone [PICS]Susanna Reid weight loss: GMB star follows a few very simple tricks [DIET TIPS] Rather than cause insulin in the body to spike, which leads to storing calories as fat, these foods help the body burn fuel steadily. There are many pros to switching to a plant-based diet. Research found that it can improve the health of your gut so you are better able to absorb the nutrients from food that support your immune system and reduce inflammation. Of her lifestyle change, Clare said: "It gave me some control over my body and also more confidence. "It gave me the impetus to be able to help myself." On managing the menopause, she added: "I felt better in myself and had the courage to go to the GP and ask for help. "I was brave enough to say, 'I am suffering'. "I know that sounds easy to do but it isn’t, not when you aren’t feeling good about yourself." Claire is now very active and practices yoga regularly. She has become a WW coach and feels passionate about supporting other women as they go through perimenopause and menopause.