Kevin Pratt, spokesperson for Forbes Advisor has urged road users to make sure they safely fill a jerry can if they wish to stockpile petrol or diesel. The warning comes as fuel prices across the country continue to soar out of control in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The average price of Unleaded petrol is more than £1.55 per litre with diesel up at £1.61 per litre. Prices have been seen at almost £2 per litre in several places across the country in a massive blow to road users. However, Mr Pratt has urged road users to reconsider stockpiling petrol as it could make the issues worse. He said topping up cans will make the “scarcity issues worse” and could leave people in danger if it is not stored correctly. READ MORE: New red diesel rule is a 'cash grab' with law change weeks away He said: “The best advice for anyone who’s thinking about filling jerry cans to store petrol at home is don’t. “Not only is it dangerous, but by doing so you’re making any scarcity issues worse for everyone else. “If drivers only filled up when they needed to, the availability problem would largely go away. “But if you feel you must do it, remember there are rules to follow.” DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [COMMENT]Six ways to boost fuel efficiency as petrol and diesel costs rise [INSIGHT]Petrol prices smash all-time highs as drivers queue [ANALYSIS] Forbes Advisor has warned drivers can only store up to 230 litres of petrol at any one time. However, this must be kept in a suitable portable metal or plastic containers, or demountable fuel tanks. Motorists who store anything above 30 litres will need to contact their local Petroleum Enforcement Authority. Mr Pratt warned drivers who do not take precautions such as checking cans for leaked could be a major risk. He said: “Common sense dictates that you should not store petrol in living areas, including a built-on garage, and the area should be well ventilated and free from naked flames, or any likelihood of sparks. “Containers should also be checked for any leaks. “There are no hard-and-fast rules for diesel. "But again, common sense should tell you how to keep it safe. “If you do not follow these rules, you’re a potential danger to yourself and your neighbours. “And if there was a fire or explosion as a result of your stockpiling, you’d probably find your home insurance would not pay out, and you could even be liable for prosecution. “Anyone with questions or concerns should contact their local fire brigade or council for guidance.”