Carbohydrates are made up of various components: fibre, starch, and sugar. You can slim down by eating the right healthy carbs, and they fall into three categories. Simple carbs burn up fast, spiking your blood sugar and causing it to crash, says Alicia Galvin, a resident dietitian for Sovereign Laboratories in Dallas. This can leave you with a craving for more carbs and can also lead to weight gain long term.  These are found in foods such as: Refined grains Sugary drinks Syrups Products with added sugar, such as baked goods or breakfast cereals READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop These carbohydrates will keep you full for longer because they take more time for your body to digest and break down for energy. They are found in: Vegetables Beans Quinoa Potatoes DON'T MISS... Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] Whole grains Other plant foods Galvin added: "Complex carbs have an additional component: fibre, which is technically a type of carbohydrate, but it's not digested and absorbed." This is often referred to as "roughage" and is food that the body can't break it down to use for energy. Instead, the fibre helps helps keep your digestion system running as well as making a person to feel full. It is often found in the same foods that contain complex carbs. Galvin explained: "[It] not only feeds the good gut bacteria, but it also allows for the absorption of the carbohydrate to be slower into the bloodstream, so it won't spike glucose levels and insulin levels like a simple carbohydrate would." Examples of dietary fibre are: Fruit Vegetables Oatmeal Barley Seed husks Flaxseed Legumes – dried beans, lentils, peas Soy milk and soy products But Galvin warned people not to overdo it with fruit: "You still have to be careful with fruit, because it is going to be more rapidly absorbed than something like sweet potatoes or beans that are very high in fibre," she said. Both simple and complex carbohydrates are turned to glucose (blood sugar) in the body and are used as energy. Because complex carbs and dietary fibre take longer for your body to break down compared to that of simple carbs, a person will spend more energy burning these than simple sugars. Eating these healthy carbs can then result in weight loss rather than weight gain.