Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. With more than four million Instagram followers, fans of the cleaning guru now share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to unblock plugholes. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Lisa Phillips wrote: “Anyone know of a good product for unblocking shower plugholes?” Drain blockages can be caused by a build-up of soap scum, dirt and hair. It can be hard for water to drain, and can even result in flooding if the problem is not seen to. Susan Dickins commented: “Use bicarbonate of soda and vinegar, leave for 30 minutes. READ MORE: How to control houseplant pests with ‘all natural home remedies’ “Then pour boiling water. I used to own a hotel and did this on change over days.” Lisa Cassar said: “Use vinegar with bicarbonate of soda and boiling water.” Carol Rutherford added: “The two [bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar] will fizz up and then you can pour boiling water down.” Bicarbonate of soda, when mixed with vinegar, helps to unclog drains and plug holes through a chemical reaction. DON'T MISS:Japanese knotweed warning as weed starts to grow - signs to look for [EXPLAINER]Best way to remove garden weeds - ‘tease them out’ [COMMENT]‘Ideal’ method for keeping slugs and snails at bay this spring [EXPERT] When mixed, a reaction happens where molecules get exchanged, creating carbon dioxide and water that bubbles through the pipe, helping it to break up loose material. Sue Williams wrote: “Bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar any day, worked brilliantly for me, hair dissolves! You can use it on all plugholes, not just in the shower.” Katrina Clark said the duo “worked a treat” for unblocking her sinks. Bicarbonate of soda can be picked up from several retailers, including in large packets designed for cleaning, for around £1. White vinegar is also affordable, available in stores such as B&M for around 80p. Teresa Spence commented: “Baking soda and white vinegar, flush with hot water. It keeps drains clean, can do it in one minute.” HG Hair Drain Unblocker was recommended by several Mrs Hinch fans who said a dedicated sink unblocker worked the best. Amanda Taylor wrote: “It worked brilliantly for me. I can also take out part of the drain of the shower and it’s amazing how clogged up it gets with hair and sludge even after a couple of weeks. “I clean mine out regularly.” HG Hair Drain Unblocker can be purchased for around £6 at several retailers including DIY stores. The company behind the cleaning product said it works two effectively remove hair, soap remnants, skin grease and toothpaste, making it ideal for use around the home. Mr Muscle Kitchen and Bathroom Drain Gel were also recommended, which works by dissolving debris in sinks, plugholes and pipes. It can be picked up for around £3 in stores such as Wilko, Sainsbury’s and Amazon.