Alex Jones, 45, has admitted that she was confused by a surprise given to her by husband Charlie Thompson. The presenter had been informed about a “mystery overnight date". She posted a photo to her Instagram as she celebrated her birthday with a cake presented to her by Charlie. The snap was shared with the star’s 331,000 followers. She then added a short caption saying thank you to her family for making it special. The One Show presenter wrote: “Thanks to my friends and family for making it such a lovely day. READ NOW: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. “Husband is surprising me with a mystery overnight date. Half an hour to pack and no idea what to put in!!!!!” Fans and friends were quick to jump on to the post to shower the star with compliments. Anita Rani wrote: “Happy birthday gorgeous woman.” Fellow Welsh host Gethin Jones wrote: “Peeeeeeeenblwydd hapus Al face x” Stormy Keating penned: “Happy birthday lovely lady!!  xx.” BBC Radio 1 DJ Clara Amfo said: “Happy Birthday sweet Alex!” Sharleenspiteri commented: “Now that’s the way to do it.” Alex also uploaded a photo of herself and her family last month, as the star took a rare trip to the Welsh countryside. DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE] On her story at the time, the star released a photo of her children, Teddy, Kit and Annie. The photo of her children showed them posing on top of tree trunks while they played on the farm. The caption read: “Feeding the sheep before we leave.” She also shared a short clip from her hillside retreat, showing off the outdoor scenery, with the caption: “Last morning to enjoy the view.” Alex enjoyed the trip away with her loved ones in February. She reiterated that it was a rare picture of her and her husband, Charlie Thomson. The caption of the post read: “A rare picture of just the two of us.” The photos showed the star with her husband standing in front of the picturesque Llyn Brianne Dam, where the two were holidaying. The first picture showed the couple grinning. The following snap saw Charlie kissing his wife on the cheek. Fans and friends of the couple were quick to jump on to the post and share their well wishes. Ronan Keating penned: “Ahhhh look at those faces. !”