As a response to US sanctions on various parts of the Russian economy, including Roscomos, the Russian space agency, a Russian space chief hit back, warning that it would stop providing rocket engines to the US. Dmitry Rogozin, the head of Roscosmos, noted that Moscow had delivered 122 RD-180 engines to the US since the 1990s. Of these, 98 engines were used to power Atlas launch vehicles, which was used in the exploration of Mercury, Venus and Mars.  Speaking to state television, Mr Rogozin said: “In a situation like this we can’t supply the United States with our world’s best rocket engines. “Let them fly on something else, their broomsticks, I don’t know what.” SpaceX boss Elon Musk taunted Mr Rogozin’s announcement by posting a video of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket launching another 47 Starlink satellite into orbit. He also tweeted out the phrase “American broomsticks”.  In addition to this, Mr Musk also announced on Thursday that SpaceX had updated its Starlink software “to reduce peak power consumption, so Starlink can be powered from car cigarette lighter.” “Mobile roaming enabled, so phased array antenna can maintain signal while on moving vehicle.” While Russia has supplied the US with over 100 rocket engines, United Launch Alliance, a private company that manufactures rockets, has been gradually phasing them out over the years. In 2014, as a response to Russia’s annexation of Ukraine, the US passed legislation to stop the purchasing of RD-180 engines. READ MORE: Elon Musk sends second round of aid While they continued using the engines for the Altas rockets, ULA CEO Tory Bruno told The Verge that “we’re done. “They’re all sold. “We took early delivery, if you will, with the RD-180, so I can end that relationship and not be dependent upon [Russia] because that’s what Congress asked us to do." Since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Mr Musk has activated Starlink services over Ukraine after the country's vice prime minister begged the multi-billionaire for help. The SpaceX founder made the announcement on Saturday while responding to the tweet of Ukraine’s First Vice Prime Minister and Minister of Digital Transformation, Mykhailo Fedorov, who called for help as Ukraine fought off an invasion and sustained cyberattacks by Russian forces.  DON'T MISS: UK strikes ‘exciting’ Israel deal after £80bn EU fob-off [SPOTLIGHT] UK, Aus and US fast-track nuclear plans in huge show of force [INSIGHT] Egypt mystery blown open over King Tut's ‘outer space' dagger [REVEAL]   Tweeting directly at Mr Musk, Mr Fedorov said: “While you try to colonize Mars — Russia tries to occupy Ukraine! In response, Mr Musk said: “Starlink service is now active in Ukraine. More terminals en route.” Starlink is the low-Earth orbit internet service that SpaceX has been building out for the past several years. It is a constellation of connected satellites that, in theory, will be able to provide high-speed internet to large swaths of the world. So far, SpaceX has launched more than 2,000 of these satellites and put nearly 100 satellites into orbit this week alone on two separate launches. The entire constellation is planned to have more than 4,000 satellites when complete. 