All ranks of the Royal Gibraltar Regiment were presented by the Queen with new Colours for the first time in more than two decades. Prince Edward carried out this honour on behalf of his mother at Windsor Castle. And, to stress the importance of the moment, he released a lengthy statement in which he also mentioned an upcoming visit he will undertake to the Rock alongside his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex. Prince Edward said: "All ranks of the Royal Gibraltar Regiment, today is a unique and hopefully a memorable one for you, as Her Majesty The Queen has presented you with your new Colours. "This is your Soverereign's personal recognition of your professionalism, skill, courage and unique contribution to our nation's Defence. "On behalf of Her Majesty, I hand over these colours in the confidence that you will guard them well." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here These colours, he added, are a symbol of the regiment's "enduring spirit and devotion to duty". Edward, the Queen's youngest son, said to have confidence the new colours will "inspire you in the face of uncertainties." He continued: "That as an emblem of your achievements it will be an embodiment of your regiment's traditions, heritage and ethos. "But most importantly, I give it into your care as a token of Her Majesty's admiration and trust in each and every one of you and in the regiment in which you serve." READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Queen have allowed Prince Andrew to escort her? The Earl went on to mention the conflict in Ukraine, sparked on February 24 by the Russian invasion of the country. Edward said: "With the backdrop of the horrendous events in Ukraine, the need for our defence forces and, in particular, the key role played by volunteers and reservists has been brought into sharp relief for many. "Defence of 'The Rock' has always been your priority, but your specialist skills means that you have been called upon to support the UK's operations in many different theatres."  The presentation of the colours today is particularly special, as it marks the first time a similar ceremony took place for the regiment since it received its 'royal' title in 2009. The Earl ended his address by saying the regiment should be "proud" of its successes and achievements, recognised by the Queen with the presentation of the new colours. And, he added: "My wife and I look forward to seeing them being carried on parade on your home soil in the not too distant future. "Well done today and I wish you all every good fortune". As announced today by Buckingham Palace, Sophie and Edward will visit the Rock between June 7 and 9. This isn't the only foreign visit scheduled in the near future for the Wessexes. Sophie and Edward will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines from April 22 to 28. This tour comes after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's visit to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence are also to undertake a tour abroad, with the Princess Royal set to visit Papua New Guinea within a few weeks to mark the Platinum Jubilee. The Jubilee, which marks the 70th year on the throne of the Queen, officially started on February 6. However, celebrations will take place during a long bank holiday weekend lasting between June 2 and June 5.