Gary Lineker responded to Roy Keane's passionate post-match rant with a playful tweet after Manchester United were thrashed by Manchester City on Sunday. United were torn to shreds by their noisy neighbours, who strolled to a 4-1 victory thanks to braces from Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez. Jadon Sancho struck against his old team to restore parity briefly in the first half, but Ralf Rangnick's side were blown away by the Premier League champions after the break. And they came in for fierce criticism after the final whistle from Keane and his former United team-mate Gary Neville, who accused the team of giving up. Keane in particular delivered a scathing assessment of United's display, with the fiery Irishman accusing United of "throwing the towel" in. JUST IN: Arsenal 'learn Chelsea's Broja transfer price' as raid eyed Keane told Sky Sports: "We saw all of United’s shortcomings today, the way United lost the game today they stopped running, no running back, it’s really unacceptable when you play for Man United and I think they threw in the towel. "They’re up against a top side but you have to tackle, you’ve got to run back, it was just a reflection of where the club is, they’re so far behind the other teams. "We hear about problems with the new manager coming in but your own pride has to kick in at some stage. "I was getting really frustrated, I can forgive mistakes but you have to put your body on the line. Wan-Bissaka, Fred, Maguire, Rashford came on, I could go on, gave up four goals and City didn’t have to be at their best at all. Shame on them. MUST READArsenal legend Graham pinpoints three 'heavy' transfersArsenal's Martinez hopes over as agent drives final nail in coffinArsenal boss Arteta confirms transfer 'priority' as he makes demand  "The worst thing that you could say about United is that they gave up. In any game if you give up, it's unforgivable really." And Lineker couldn't help but poke fun at Keane's rant with a tongue-in-cheek post. The Match of the Day host tweeted: "I get a feeling that Roy Keane’s not too happy," complete with a laughing emoji. While Lineker couldn't help but giggle at the brutal post-match assessment, it was clearly no laughing matter for Keane or United. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ Their mauling at the hands of City leaves United with a mountain to climb in order to clinch a top-four finish. The Red Devils are currently in fifth spot, a point and a place behind Arsenal - but they have now played three more games than the Londoners, who are now seemingly in pole position to bag the final Champions League spot. With United set to appoint a new permanent manager in the summer, missing out on the Champions League would make it harder for them to attract their top targets for the job.