Arsenal hero Michael Thomas believes Mikel Arteta has more than enough options to find goals in the central position with Alexandre Lacazette struggling to find the back of the net on a regular basis. The Gunners were expected to bring in a striker during the January transfer window after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left for Barcelona. Dusan Vlahovic was the main target, but Juventus beat Arsenal to his signature with Arteta unable to bring anybody in. Lacazette has taken over the captain's armband and is Arteta's go-to selection to play through the middle. Eddie Nketiah is the only other recognised central attacker in Arteta's squad at the moment. But Gabriel Martinelli has filled in at times through the middle with Arteta tipping the Brazilian to one day make the position his own. JUST IN: Rio Ferdinand explains reason Aubameyang exit was good for Arsenal   For now, Lacazette appears to be Arteta's favoured option but the Frenchman is yet to score in 2022. They've made do without Lacazette firing on all cylinders, winning three games on the bounce to push forward their top-four chances. Nicolas Pepe got things going for Arsenal against Wolves last time out with a fine finish for his first league goal of the season. But Thomas points out the 26-year-old could well be deployed more centrally should Arteta need to mix things up. DON'T MISS  And the two-time title winner with Arsenal also believes Emile Smith Rowe can fill in if required. "Perhaps he [Pepe] could be given a chance as centre-forward, but Lacazette is doing a very important role in the build up play, which not a lot of players bring to the team," he told JustArsenal. "If Laca is able to get the goal-scoring touch again then it would be of great help to the team. "I do think Pepe could do a job in the position also and we saw that from the AFCON. "ESR [Smith Rowe] is another one that could play more in the centre, and Arteta has mentioned playing him as a 9. "He obviously knows where the goal is, but can be equally, if not more, of a threat coming in from the left side and Martinelli playing the 9 role. "As a manager with top class talent at his disposal I am sure Arteta will find the best way to fit his players in, in different games and situations within the game." Arsenal are back in action against Watford on Sunday with the chance of jumping up to fourth if both West Ham and Manchester United drop points.