 Earlier this week, the Duchess marked International Women’s Day by hosting a reception to celebrate the Women of the World (WOW) Festival. The global festival celebrates the achievements of women and girls, while looking at the obstacles that stop them from reaching their goals. Camilla was joined by entrepreneur Liz Earle, singer Annie Lennox and former Spice Girl Mel B at Clarence House.  Camilla began her short speech by welcoming “ladies, and a smattering of very brave gentlemen” to her London home. She continued: “This year, WOW will take place in 53 countries across the world.” “It truly is a global festival dedicated to presenting work by women and promoting equality for women and girls.” At the event, the Duchess of Cornwall was reunited with Inna Prystaiko, who she had met a week earlier during a visit to the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London. Camilla broke royal protocol to hug Ms Prystaiko, who clearly looked emotional. JUST IN: Camilla health fears as fans spot worrying sign: 'She's shaking!'  Speaking on Thursday’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, Daily Mirror’s royal editor Russell Myers said that Camilla was “holding back tears” during her encounter with Ms Prystaiko. Mr Myers said: “This is the woman who had been pictured hugging Camilla at an event last week. “She [Inna Prystaiko] was in tears. Camilla was holding back tears.” In an emotional message at the Duchess’ International Women’s Day reception, Ms Prystaiko spoke of the heartbreak facing every “woman, mother and wife” in her home country, which has been under attack from Russian President Vladimir Putin's forces for over two weeks. DON'T MISS:  Royal Family LIVE: 'Not something he can forget about' [REVEAL] Harry mocked as Americans 'didn't even recognise' Duke at US event [INSIGHT] Harry ‘driving wedge’ through relationship with William [SPOTLIGHT] Don't Miss:Do YOU think it's OK for royals to contribute to Andrew's payout?[ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton’s slow progress in Royal Family: ‘Took her a while’[INSIGHT]Prince Edward stormed out after 'toe-curling' TV disaster[OPINION]  She said: "Today there are no smiles and no peace, just horror and sorrow in the eyes of every Ukrainian woman, mother and wife. “We had been building our beautiful, blooming, independent country for thirty years. "Until one day Russia decided to destroy it, destroy the whole country because of their deranged leader’s whim. "Now we have to count the death toll of our people and watch their frightened, crying children who are forced to flee their native land with their mothers and sisters, leaving their fathers to defend our country."  She added: "We are truly grateful to the British Royal Family for their strong and touching support of Ukraine."  Mr Myers said Camilla looked “very, very emotional” when she was reunited with Ms Prystaiko. At the event, the Duchess spoke of "the heartbreaking conditions in Ukraine, where democracy and freedom are under brutal attack." Other members of the Royal Family have also made their voices heard following Russia's invasion. Prince Charles has spoken multiple times about the conflict. At the Ukrainian Catholic Church, he spoke about how moved he had been by reports of the "extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression."  On February 26, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge shared a personal message on Twitter, reading: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelensky and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future." On Wednesday, the couple headed to the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London to hear more about the efforts being made to support Ukrainians in the UK and across Europe. The Queen reportedly made a "generous donation" to this appeal last week.