Nearly four million households have been eligible for the payment this winter with some receiving a triple payout of £75. A Cold Weather Payment of £25 is made to low income households every time the temperature drops, or is predicted to fall, below zero for seven consecutive days in their local area. The Cold Weather Payment scheme runs from November 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. Britons can check if they can get a payment in their area on the Gov.uk website. After each period of very cold weather, people should get a payment within 14 working days. People can get Cold Weather Payments if they also receive:Pension CreditIncome SupportIncome-based Jobseeker’s AllowanceIncome-related Employment and Support AllowanceUniversal CreditSupport for Mortgage Interest Those on Pension Credit usually qualify for Cold Weather Payments. People will usually get Cold Weather Payments if they get Income Support or income-based Jobseekers Allowance and they have any of the following:A disability or pensioner premiumA child who is disabledChild Tax Credit that includes a disability or severe disability elementA child under five living with them Universal Credit claimants will usually get Cold Weather Payments if they are not employed or self-employed. One of the following must also apply:They have a health condition or disability and have limited capability for work (with or without work-related activity)They have a child under five living with them They will also be eligible if they have a disabled child amount in their claim, whether they are employed or not. Additionally, people will usually get Cold Weather Payments if they get Support for Mortgage interest and have any of the following:A severe or enhanced disability premiumA pensioner premiumA child who is disabledChild Tax Credit that includes a disability or severe disability elementA child under 5 living with them Eligible Britons will receive the payment automatically - they do not need to apply. If someone has not received their Cold Weather Payment and they believe they should have, they should contact their local benefits office. If they are getting Universal Credit, they should sign into their account and add a note to their journal. If they do not have an online account, they should call the Universal Credit helpline instead. The Cold Weather Payment scheme runs from November 1 to March 31 and is designed to help those on a low income pay for their energy bills. The DWP made Cold Weather Payments to over 3,994,000 eligible individuals between November 1, 2020 and January 7, 2022. While some parts of the UK have been milder than usual, one area of the UK has triggered three cold weather payments this winter meaning eligible households in that area will be due £75. Residents in Braemar, Aberdeenshire should have already had this triple Cold Weather Payment of £75. Britons can check to see if a payment is on its way by using the Cold Weather Payment postcode checker.