Janey Godley has bravely shared how she is coming to terms with the fact she might be “facing death” as she battles stage 3 ovarian cancer. The Scottish comedian revealed her diagnosis to fans back in November 2021. The 61-year-old underwent a hysterectomy in January, but she was told the cancer had spread beyond her ovaries and needed further treatment. She was told she was now at stage 3, meaning ​​the cancer is larger and may have spread to the surrounding tissues and/or the lymph nodes. Janey explained to her fans she had been resisting the fact she has a “life-threatening” illness until a recent epiphany. The star has now come to terms with the fact she has “no control” over the cancer, and instead she will “trust the science”. "I think I’ve had an epiphany, I have been resisting the fact I have a life threatening cancer," Janey wrote on Instagram in view of her 107k followers. "I have tried to 'fight and be strong' instead of accepting that this whole year I just may be facing death or survival of something I have no real control over. "I appreciate all the amazing support and I believe my mental health will improve if I just lean into the fact that this cancer is happening. “I am not alone, millions of people survive this disease and living with it isn’t a failure - maybe I don’t have to fight every thing that happens to me and trust the science?" Janey has lost her hair as she undergoes gruelling chemotherapy, and she has opened up about how tough the process has been both mentally and physically. Her fans and friends, including Countryfile’s Julia Bradbury who has also recently fought breast cancer, flooded Janey with support. “Sending so much love,” wrote Julia. Real Housewives of New York star Dorina Medley penned: “Stay Positive Stay Strong You got this … #hatecancer”. (sic) Polly added: “100% you just have to show up, let the science do it’s job and hope for the best possible outcome. We are all with you hoping you will be well at the end of this.” Steven Kiely told Janey: “Just try and be strong within yourself.... Let others help you where they can....if you are strong and resolute and others are too.... “You'll come out the other side with a huge smile and a sense of relief.....we're all thinking of you Janey”. Janey was on tour when she announced to fans she was forced to end the shows early due to her diagnosis. "Sorry but my last weekend of the tour can’t go ahead in Edinburgh and Musselburgh as I am in hospital with ovarian cancer – look after each other. #MentalHealthMatters,” she wrote on Twitter, alongside a photo of herself in a hospital bed. When it comes to her chemotherapy, Janey said she initially battled with her mental health after every session - but she has since found it easier to manage. “Well this weekend I was dreading, every first five days after chemo my mental health drove me into a spiral, but this time i seem to have escaped the worst of it, please God let me get through these next three sessions just as good,” she wrote on Instagram.