Tottenham have no chance of securing a top-four Premier League finish this season, according to Gabby Agbonlahor. The former Aston Villa ace thinks Antonio Conte’s side will be scrambling just to finish in the top eight. Spurs are currently fifth in the Premier League table and are three points adrift of their north London rivals Arsenal, despite playing one more game than the Gunners. The two sides are set to go head-to-head in a rearranged clash during the penultimate week of the campaign after the original fixture was postponed in January. But Agbonlahor thinks Arsenal will have fourth-placed wrapped up by the time the two sides face each other. “I understand what they’re trying to do with the excitement in the last week of the season but I think it’s going to be done before then,” the ex-forward told talkSPORT. “I think Arsenal will have top four before they play Spurs. So that idea is going to cost the Premier League. I feel that will be more Spurs trying to finish in the top eight. Wolves will finish above Spurs, Manchester United will [as well]. You think Spurs are going to be consistent until the end of the season? They haven’t been all season. I’ve got to back Arsenal.” MUST READ: Neville claims Liverpool fans only 'quiet' on ownership due to success   Tottenham, who have a game in hand over Wolves, are three places ahead of the Black Country side and have accumulated five more points than them. And Conte’s team have won four of their last five top flight matches so have given themselves a fighting chance of securing Champions League football next season. Spurs’ decent run included a 3-2 victory over champions Manchester City in February, although they did lose 2-0 to Wolves at home less than a week before their Etihad Stadium encounter. And their inconsistent form since the turn of the year could cost them dearly. Tottenham have made massive improvements since Conte replaced previous boss Nuno Espirito Santo in November. But losses to Wolves and Manchester United in the last seven weeks have severely impacted their top-four hopes. DON'T MISS Dortmund chief admits Arsenal history could repeat itself with Haaland Arsenal injury latest: Arteta hopes to have Saka and Ramsdale fit Liverpool boss Klopp granted Premier League wish over five-sub rule      Conte will be well aware that his side can ill-afford to drop more points between now and the end of the season if they do want to play in Europe’s premier competition. And he will need to get his players firing on all cylinders every time they take to the pitch. One positive for the Italian boss will be the return to form of blockbuster star Harry Kane. The ace has found the back of the net seven times in his last seven Premier League outings. And he could make all the difference over the next two months. Spurs resume their Premier League season on Sunday when they host Newcastle United. And with their run-in including mouthwatering clashes against the likes of Brentford, Burnley and Norwich, Conte could still be confident of securing that elusive top-four place. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 