The Queen, 95, announced her "sincere wish" that Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, will be known as Queen Consort when Prince Charles becomes King last month. Her Majesty used her Platinum Jubilee to share the announcement regarding Camilla's future title. Speaking to Kinsey Schofield on the ToDiForDaily podcast, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams discussed the potential "attack" on Camilla as a reason behind the timing of the announcement. The commentator said: "This is what the speculation as to what it might be" He details the speculation as "harmful" but points out that the Queen was "so so right to solve the problem". Mr Fitzwilliams adds that Camilla was "supposed to become Princess Consort which has no historical meaning" "You'd have to have an act of Parliament passed here and in the 15 realms in the Commonwealth for her to have the title" READ MORE: Kate and William’s ‘lives are about to get a lot busier soon’ as baby number 4 less likely To conclude, he added: "The decision was "always meant to smooth over the feelings of those who couldn't forgive her, what they believe she did during the marriage and to Diana" Prince Harry's bombshell book debut publication is due for release in late 2022. It has sparked concerns and is expected to cause controversy. The Duke of Sussex moved to the US with his wife Meghan Markle two years ago. This decision was made after they announced that they were stepping down from royal duties in February 2021. The memoir will cover his "lifetime in the public eye" from his childhood as a young Windsor and his military and royal service to his life in the present day as a father and husband. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Andrew breaks cover! Duke spotted ahead of Philip memorial TOMORROW It is also expected to '"focus heavily" on the death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. It is also speculated he could use it to discuss his own views on the relationship between his parents, Prince Charles and Diana, and the role Camilla played in the breakdown of their marriage. Speaking previously to US Weekly, British Royal correspondent Tom Skyes discussed whether Harry will “really go for Camilla'' when speaking on the breakdown of the marriage between Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales. He said: “If you really think what a publisher is going to pay $20 million for, it's the inside account of the breakdown of that marriage”. “It would just be naive to think that Camila wouldn’t be indicted in some way and blamed for that. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] “He (Harry) was all very young when this happened.” Both Harry and William have “spoken warmly” of Camilla in the past. Harry has stated in the past that he “appreciates” the support Camilla gave to his father. A statement released by Archewell last summer said that the memoir will "offer an honest and captivating personal portrait". The Duke himself spoke about his debut as an author saying: "I’m writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become." Camilla and Prince Charles have just completed a three-day visit to Ireland, as part of a series of royal tours for Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee.