Patio slabs can look worse for wear after a long winter, as moss, weeds and stains gather on the surface. While a pressure wash is one way to rinse lingering dirt from your garden paving, stubborn growth will need a deeper treatment - but what can you use? Express.co.uk reveals the top tips to help you clean your patio this spring. There’s nothing better than a gleaming patio to complement your vibrant garden plants, but lingering growth and stains can quickly ruin the entire look of your outdoor space. Cleaning paving slabs is relatively easy to do when you take methodical steps, but where should you begin? To tackle stubborn stains, slippery moss and deep-rooted weeds, always start with spot treatments to target these common issues. Whether you need to weed out some unwanted growth or scrape away mounds of moss, it is a good idea to target the problem directly before doing a full-scale clean. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how  A stiff brush is the most useful tool you will find when it comes to removing clumps of moss from your patio. Either a hard-bristled broom or handheld brush can be used to sweep it away from the joints and pavers - but don’t be alarmed if you notice any lingering deposits. Once you have removed as much of the loose moss as possible, you will need to use a liquid solution to wash away the remnants. Start by washing your patio down with a hose or pressure washer before treating with a diluted bleach mixture. Mix one to two cups of bleach into a full bucket of water and pour it over the affected area. Use a clean brush to work it into the moss and rinse once more with fresh water before leaving to dry. When tackling a weed-covered patio, the key is to get to the root of the problem. While removing surface weeds will make your patio look instantly better, it won’t keep them away for long. Hand weeding will work well initially, but baking soda should be your go-to product to naturally kill off the roots and banish stubborn weeds. Once you have hand-weeded any surface growth, wash your patio down with a hose to create a clean canvas to work with. DON'T MISS:How to stain a fence: Refresh your garden fence for spring in 4 steps [INSIGHT]Energy bills: The flooring that could slash 10 percent off energy bill [REVEAL]Spring cleaning: The cleaning task you're probably forgetting [ANALYSIS] Take a tub of baking soda and sprinkle it onto your patio, adding a little extra in the gaps between each slab. Sweep the baking soda over the paving and leave to work its magic. If you are tackling particularly stubborn weeds, you should re-apply this powerful white powder every four to six weeks to clear up your patio in an instant. This will not only keep your patio clean through spring and summer, but it will also slow down the growth of new weeds right throughout the year. 