The deterrent in question includes the country's vast nuclear arsenal, currently the largest in the world. Russia has a supply of approximately 6,257 warheads at its disposal, 1,456 deployed and ready for activation. His announcement did not provoke an identical reaction from the west, with responses centred on additional sanctions. China has primarily kept to the shadows as global tensions rise to breaking point, choosing neither to condemn nor support Mr Putin. The Russian President has, historically, worked closely with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping, teaming up with the nations for economic and development projects. Their growing relationship could conceivably help offset some of the sanctions, and the two also have military ties. READ MORE: China 'knew about Russian invasion' as Xi 'asked Putin to DELAY war While much larger economically and geographically, China has a limited nuclear arsenal. The country's warhead supply is nearly 30 times smaller than its northern neighbour's, with around 200, although the secretive CCP will have wanted to conceal the true number. Regardless of a disparity in warhead supply, Russia and China have intensified military cooperation. In January, the neighbouring premiers, as western antagonists, announced a "new era" in the global order, with an agreement pledging "no limits" in their bilateral relationship. Speaking to the New Yorker, Robert Daly, director of the Kissinger Institute on China and the United States, said the pledge put them up against the west. He said it placed them "shoulder to shoulder" with the US and NATO, both ideologically and militarily. But the announcement did not prompt fears of World War Three, but a second Cold War. Mr Daly added the statement “might be looked back on as the beginning of Cold War Two”. Marwan Bishara, a senior political analyst at Al Jazeera, said: "The ramifications of the Russian invasion of Ukraine will inform China’s own future moves to annex Taiwan. "Putin’s reference to Ukraine as an artificial state echoes China’s own denunciation of Taiwan’s statehood." While a formidable force together, China has challenged the west on its own since Russia started invading Ukraine. Chinese aircraft made close runs on Taiwan, the sovereignty of which the CCP contests, as the first troops filtered over the Ukrainian border. Taiwan's officials believe the Jinping regime may take the opportunity to invade while attention remains focussed on Ukraine. Speaking to a visiting US delegation this week, President Tsai Ing-wen said the threat to the Taiwan Strait "continues to rise". She added: “We look forward to working even more closely with the US and other stakeholders in the region, collectively responding to challenges and unilateral actions that could impact security, in order to maintain regional peace and stability." Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin said the "attempt by the US to show support to Taiwan" would "be in vain, no matter who the US sends".