As his invasion of Ukraine brings ever more unspeakable horrors Vladimir Putin has the option of tuning out for a while and watching the Manchester derby in Moscow. Maybe Putin will be too busy with his brutal plotting to bother with the football this weekend but, as ever, the Premier League will be available through the deal with the Russian streaming service Okko. The league’s global reach is vast - and lucrative. Its latest overseas broadcast contracts now bring in more than the UK rights. The current deal with the Russian web portal Rambler extends to the end of this season before a new £42million six-year arrangement with Match TV, which is owned by Gazprom, kicks in from next season. Richard Masters, the Premier League’s chief executive, has come under intense pressure to pull the plug on the coverage. Russia’s pariah status in the wake of the invasion has opened up every commercial arrangement with the country to scrutiny. The Premier League is popular in Russia and withdrawing access to it as part of the UK’s sanctions has its proponents. A review is underway which may prompt a change of heart but so far Masters has resisted. It is swimming against the tide to maintain ties with Russia given the nightmare Putin’s regime has triggered but for once in the moral maze it so often hopelessly loses itself in, the league has done the right thing. Football’s voice carries and the blue and yellow captain’s armbands, the flags and the anti-war messages on the pitch-side billboards and big screens beamed directly into Russian homes carried a powerful message. For Russians bombarded with their state TV’s Orwellian Truthspeak, any way to bring a sense of the appalling nightmare their leader has unleashed in their name to their doorstep should be embraced. The censors will have tried their best -  when La Liga put an anti-war slogan on their coverage it was covered up - but unlike in China where the authorities have pulled coverage because of the anti-war stance, it would have been impossible on Saturday for any Russian viewer to have avoided it. The Premier League should have gone further with their messaging. Instead of just an armband, every home team should have played in Ukrainian colours - as Brighton did at Newcastle - this weekend. If that led thousands of supporters to wrap themselves in blue and yellow so much the better. Try censoring that image. In the face of the grim daily images emerging from Ukraine, gestures like these seem exactly that - gestures. The application of soft power in the face of lethal military might make the flexing of sporting muscle feel puny. But as the apartheid struggle showed, it can make a difference. Russia is a proud sporting nation. It will be hurt by the expulsion from the World Cup and the loss of staging rights to the Champions League final plus a stream of other important championships. There will be many Russians who will parrot the state line of Western conspiracy but others who will surely start to question how it has come to this. The leap from questions to answers to action is a huge one and may never be taken but all the global sporting community can do is help set that train in motion. Sanctions are rough on the Russian Paralympians who were kicked out of the Beijing Games before it started - as if they had not had enough barriers to confront in their ordinary lives. But how much more inconvenient is it for Ukrainian sportsmen having to fight, literally, to try to save their country? There is no fairness here, only degrees of unfairness.