  Love It or List It star Kirstie Allsopp has spoken out against critics of the BBC who feel the media giant is “biased”. The presenter took to Twitter to defend the BBC as a place that is “hugely concerned with balance and truth”.      Kirstie, 50, responded to one Twitter user today who took aim at the BBC in view of her 426,600 followers. Rakpenguin63 wrote: “The BBC news programmes have become riddled with Tory bias. “No one is allowed to criticise at all. It's starting to look like a state run news dept!” In defence of the channel, Kirstie replied: “You know the BBC is doing something right when it’s accused of being biased to the left and to the right. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update      “Every interaction/work I have ever done with them (not forgetting I am employed by @channel4) showed them to be hugely concerned with balance and truth.” This tweet comes after the celeb publicly defended the BBC two months ago amid news that its licence fee will be frozen for two years. Kirstie’s thoughts on the matter appeared to divide the comments section, where some felt that they shouldn’t have to pay the channel’s licence fee. Sewit wrote: “So what? I should still be able to choose to opt out.      “If I want to watch your beloved channel 4 l have to pay for the BBC…” OldBearChris added: “This can also be attributed to generally poor reporting, rather than lack of bias.” However, other users felt that Kirstie had a point with her arguments about the media organisation. Alice Arnold, who was a newsreader on BBC Radio 4, penned: “When I worked for the BBC, people would come up to me and complain of their left/right wing bias. READ MORE... Emmerdale's Emma Atkins issues warning to Lucy Pargeter over soap [NEWS] Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [NEWS]  Holly Willoughby sparks concern over Stacey Solomon's absence [NEWS]   “Basically, people complain when the BBC does not reflect their own views.” Cliff Hughes echoed Alice’s sentiments, adding: “I would say from my experience a sizable part of the UK population would rather live in their own bubble and not engage in what might be described as ‘critical thinking’.” On January 17, Kirstie shared a tweet sent by Co-Chairman of the Conservative Party Oliver Dowden claiming that the freeze on the BBC would be “putting money back in the pockets” of Brits. At the time, the minister tweeted: “We're freezing the licence fee for 2 years - putting money back in the pockets of families.”      In response, Kirstie wrote: “The Beeb is a public service and does so much for so many, we should treasure it, not kick it about like an old football.” One day before the government’s announcement about the BBC, Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries sparked controversy by tweeting: “This licence fee announcement will be the last. “Time now to discuss and debate new ways of funding, supporting and selling great British content.” The minister also suggested that a new funding model for the BBC would be sought by 2027, when the corporation’s Royal Charter is next up for renewal.    