Ferrari ace Charles Leclerc has proved he can win the F1 title ahead of Max Verstappen, according to team boss Mattia Binotto. The Monegasque star is top of the Drivers’ Championship after the first two Grands Prix of the season. Leclerc has long been tipped to eventually challenge for the F1 championship due to his prodigious talents as a driver. And he finally looks set to launch an assault on top place this time around. Like all teams, Ferrari have redesigned their car over the winter after a whole host of regulation changes were introduced following the 2021 season. And the Scuderia may have finally found a winning formula. Leclerc dominated proceedings at the season-opener in Bahrain to claim maximum points, before finishing second at Sunday’s Saudi Arabian Grand Prix as Verstappen defeated him by the smallest of margins. And Binotto believes Leclerc has what it takes to go all the way. READ MORE: Red Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GP   “I think he is,” responded the Scuderia team principal after being asked if Leclerc’s form showed that he’s capable of securing the F1 crown. “It’s something which I was expecting when renewing as well with him in the last year for up to 2024, because we know what he’s capable of. I think he is simply demonstrating that he’s capable of fighting for the championship. “No doubt he’s got the talent - he’s got the capacity. He is a very good racer and we’re very happy with what he’s proving in these two races.” Leclerc joined Ferrari ahead of the 2019 season following a year with Sauber and secured a fourth-placed finish during his debut campaign with the Italian outfit. In 2020, he finished a disappointing eighth and could only muster seventh last time around. But the 24-year-old admits he is delighted with the way he has started the current season. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen's Red Bull 'more difficult' than the Ferrari [COMMENT]Red Bull's Helmut Marko agrees with Christian Horner about Mercedes [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen caught driving one-handed during Saudi GP [PICS]   “I’m quite happy about this start of the season, for sure,” Leclerc said. “I’m working well with the team and the preparation for the first races was very good, so I feel good in general. But there’s definitely more to come. “Whether it will be enough or not to win the world championship, I have no idea. It’s still very early on in the season but let’s say that it’s a very good start. As I said many times, I think development will be key and we as drivers needs to help the team in the best way possible to keep this competitiveness.” 