Under 22s can now get a 100 percent discount on their bus tickets but only in certain parts of the country. As this new scheme has been created by the Scottish Government, only residents in Scotland are eligible for this deal. Furthermore, young people are only able to qualify if they have a new National Entitlement Card (NEC) or Young Scot NEC. An NEC offers people living in Scotland access to vital public services, in a similar way to how the National Smart Card operates in England. It should be noted that old NECs or Young Scot NECs are not eligible for the free bus pass scheme. Anyone who wants to access this travel concession must apply for either a new or replacement card as soon as possible. With the introduction of this new free bus pass, over 2.3million people in Scotland are now able travel for free on the bus in Scotland. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim This includes young people, those who are over 60, disabled people and unpaid carers who are residents in the country. To incentivise young people to take this cost saving opportunity, the Scottish Government has launched a new mobile application, ‘Transport Scot Pass Collect’. Through the app, card holders will be able to transfer their free bus travel discount onto their NEC card. Some 140,000 people who are in receipt of their NEC card are set to benefit from the new application, according to the Scottish Government. The app is currently available to download on Google and Apple store. Jenny Gilruth, the devolved Government’s minister for Transport, outlined how the new app will make using the bus pass much easier for those who are eligible. Mr Gilruth explained: “I’m pleased to welcome the new Transport Scot Pass Collect app. This will make it easier for so many existing card holders aged 16-21 to start enjoying the benefits of free bus travel. “We are committed to giving Scotland’s children and young people the very best chances to succeed in life, whether that is work, leisure or education. “Young people have also rightly challenged us to invest in a sustainable future for them – free bus travel for all under 22s will help to deliver that. “The Transport Scot Pass Collect app speeds up the process for existing card holders between 16 and 21, and will enable our partners to process new applications as a priority.” Kirsten Urquhart, the interim chief executive at Young Scot, added: “The new Transport Scot Pass Collect app is an easy way for 16-21 year olds to access free bus travel – helping them to quickly start enjoying the positive benefits the scheme will have on their lives. “We’ve also produced a handy ‘how to’ video in partnership with Transport Scotland that will support young people to add free bus travel to their cards.” Transport Scotland has confirmed that no personal data of the user is held on the app and it is solely created to transfer the travel discount onto an eligible NEC card. Applications for the NEC, which will get people the free bus pass, can be completed online at getyournec.scot. Alternatively, it is possible to apply directly through their local council with details being accessible through the Young Scot website.