Zara Tindall, Princess Anne’s daughter, has revealed the secret to her mother’s strength and vitality. The royal reportedly always carries something in her bag to help her when her energy levels are low. Princess Anne always carries a kiwi fruit with her in her bag, it has been unveiled. Wherever she goes, the royal takes the fruit with her – either as a quick refreshment or burst of energy. Speaking about her mother, Zara said: “She always has a kiwi fruit.” This was published in bestselling royal biography Queen Of Our Times: The Life of Elizabeth II. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps Written by Robert Hardman, the book was released on March 17 this year. Described by reviewers as a “must read”, the biography shares original insights from those close to Her Majesty, as well as new interviews with world leaders and even access to unseen papers. After reading the book, readers will have an extensive knowledge of the Queen’s life, as well as the lives of her four children, including Princess Anne. The fact the royal carries a kiwi is an interesting fact, but not a surprising one, as Anne is known to follow a healthy and balanced diet. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] Kiwis can not only provide energy, but also contribute to overall wellbeing. The fruit has more vitamin C in it than an orange, as well as a large dose of vitamin K. It is also often described as a “superfruit” and can aid the digestion of meat and other sources of protein. Kiwis provide many immune-boosting nutrients and are also rich in antioxidants. Princess Anne is a fan of fruit and enjoys bananas too. However, according to royal chef Darren McGrady, she prefers them to be out of date. The chef told BBC Radio Four’s TODAY: “Princess Anne almost always preferred the bananas almost black – overripe – because they digest easier.” Although the Princess Royal's banana preference may not be the most appetising, Anne is certainly harbouring the benefits of eating her bananas once they've passed their prime. According to studies, when a banana has started to brown, it means all the starch and chlorophyll in the fruit has broken down into sugar. Charlotte Norton, Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic told Express.co.uk: “The fact that Princess Anne exemplifies good health shows that she must lead an active and healthy lifestyle. “While the usual weight loss rules would have applied, such as burning more calories than she consumed, eating lean meat, reducing sugary foods with little to no nutritional value and avoiding fad diets, there are additional things that I believe Princess Anne would have done. “As you become older, you lose muscle mass. Strength training can help to compensate for this. “Princess Anne is arguably one of the busiest royals and is known to lead a very active lifestyle with occasional horse riding.” As well as horse riding, the royal also enjoys walking, which would also contribute to the maintenance of her slim figure.