The idea of Britain withdrawing from the EU was mocked ahead of the 2016 vote as a sure way to separate us from the world. But coming up to six years after Britons opted for ‘Leave’, signs are emerging that Britain, untied from Brussels, may in fact become even more global. Robert Kimbell, who describes himself as a believer in a “revitalised” UK, today, on Thursday, highlighted one aspect of this shift in a post on Twitter. He pointed to increasing trade relations between the UK and Kuwait, at the tip of the Persian Gulf. Official statistics show UK exports to the country grew by 36.7 percent in the 12 months to December 2021. This is in comparison to the same period in the year before. At the same time, imports of goods from Kuwait increased by 82.5 percent. This made Kuwait, over the period, the UK’s 50th largest export market and its 70th largest import market. For trade in general, it was the UK’s 56th largest partner. This, of course, is but one example of a country Britain is increasing its dealings with post-Brexit. READ MORE: EU blamed for Middle East not siding with West against Putin And trading relations are set to improve further yet. In his post, Mr Kimbell highlighted: “The UK and Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC)… are negotiating a free trade agreement (FTA).” Kuwait is a member of the GCC. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] This union, comprised of six nations in total, already accounted for bilateral trade with the UK worth over £30 billion in 2020. On the prospect of boosting relations further, International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said towards the end of last year: “A trade agreement with the GCC is a huge opportunity to liberalise trade with a growing market for British business and deepen ties with a region that is vital to our strategic interests. “We want a modern, comprehensive agreement that breaks down trade barriers to a huge food and drink market and in areas like digital trade and renewable energy which will deliver well-paid jobs in all parts of the United Kingdom.” International Trade Minister Ranil Jayawardena added: “The nations forming the GCC are, together, one of our biggest trading and investment partners and are home to over 50 million people. “From exports of Welsh lamb and Scotch beef, to biscuits from Belfast and financial services from the City of London, we are determined to strike a deal that will further cement our relationships, attract investment, promote trade opportunities and provide significant benefits for British business, creating jobs in communities across the country.” Talks over a FTA between Britain and the GCC began earlier this year.