Fear the Walking Dead star Mercedes Mason will reportedly return to her breakout role as DEA agent Talia Del Campo in an upcoming episode of the CBS action-drama. Three years after she last joined forces with the NCIS: Los Angeles team, she’ll be making a guest appearance in a future mission written by series star Eric Christian Olsen and directed by co-star Daniela Ruah for the very first time. Mercedes will reprise her role as Agent Del Campo in the historic episode written by Marty Deeks star Eric and directed by Kensi Blye’s Daniela Ruah. Their upcoming production roles were announced in a joint Instagram post last week. It has now been revealed their former co-star will be back for the first time since her last appearance in the 2019 episode, The Guardian. Her return was recently confirmed by TVLine’s latest behind-the-scenes scoop from Matt Webb Mitovich. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? “The episode that Ruah directed and ECO wrote, which is pencilled in for a May airing, finds the NCIS team working with DEA Agent Talia Del Campo,” he confirmed. “[They] track down a missing whistleblower who was going to testify for the Mexican government against gun manufacturers that were targeting cartel members.” Fans were also given the first details of the episode, which looks to involve yet another high-stakes mission to recover a key asset in the war against the cartel. Mercedes’ Agent De Campo last appeared in 2019 to aid the team’s fight against a group of ISIS sympathisers. Her experience as a narcotics agent will undoubtedly prove just as crucial as ever when the episode rolls out in May. Although her appearance in The Guardian was four years after her previous guest spot, could her return for season 13 herald a beefier role in future? A number of major characters, including Eric Beale (Barrett Foa) and Nell Jones (Renée Felice Smith), have bowed out recently, so the LA team will need all the help they can get for their upcoming missions. Plus, core cast members Eric and Daniela’s characters are looking to settle down and start a family soon, so they could be on the lookout for new blood to take their place on the NCIS task force. DON'T MISS:Law and Order SVU season 23: Garland’s return confirmed [LATEST]Susanna Reid rips apart P&O over ‘double standard’ furlough payments [VIDEO]The Gilded Age fans in tears over Peggy’s revelation [REACTION] Meanwhile, fellow spin-off NCIS: Hawaii is also gearing up for another bit of NCIS history as it readies itself for the first crossover event with the flagship series since it debuted last year. TVLine teased: “Though NCIS‘ Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) and Knight (Katrina Law) will both make the trek to Hawaii, it turns out that one of the agents wasn’t initially invited. “Torres gets a call from Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) to come to Hawaii when she gets a lead on a case they once worked on together, so he hops a plane to the Aloha State — alone.” However, Agent Torres is a well-known hot-head, so team leader Alden Parker (Gary Cole) sends over Jessica Knight to make sure he’s not alone if and when things go sideways. Katrina teased: “Parker sends Jess over to make sure the case files get there — and also to make sure Nick doesn’t get shot!” All three NCIS series are currently airing on a weekly basis, thankfully with no sign of slowing down just yet. In the next episode of NCIS: LA, G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) is once again sent undercover, but the latest teaser trailer suggests things won’t go exactly according to plan. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues Sunday, March 27 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced.