An additional 400,000 people could claim Carer’s Allowance from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help them make ends meet. This could be a lifeline to cash-strapped Britons right now, however only those earning less than a certain amount will qualify. There has never been a more important time for Britons to check whether they are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to. While more than 13 million people provide care to someone they know, many are struggling financially as their caring responsibilities affect how many hours they can take on paid work. To qualify for Carer’s Allowance, people need to be looking after someone for 35 hours or more a week. They don’t have to live or be related to the person they are caring for. READ MORE: Thousands of low income Britons could be about to get a pay boost Caring responsibilities could include helping someone with tasks like washing, cooking or taking the patient to a doctor’s appointment. However, they must not be earning more than £128 a week after tax and National Insurance to be eligible for this DWP benefit. Although claiming Carer's Allowance would mean an extra £292 a month, it may affect other benefits. However, putting in a claim won’t mean people end up being paid less. DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] To claim Carer’s Allowance, the person being cared for must be claiming one of the following state benefits: Anyone who receives Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit should contact HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC). Pensioners who receive the State Pension won’t be paid Carer's Allowance. However, they shouldn't let this put them off making a claim, as they could be awarded extra Pension Credit or Housing Benefit instead. Even if someone doesn’t qualify for Carer’s Allowance they could be entitled to a Carer Premium of up to £163 a month. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A Carer Premium is usually paid to people who qualify for one of the following benefits: People can apply by searching for Carer's Allowance on the Government website. 