Camilla marked International Women's Day by opening the doors of her home in London, Clarence House, to three outstanding female rowers. Kat Cordiner, who has cancer, Abby Johnston and Charlotte Irving crossed the Atlantic by rowing at sea for an impressive 42 days, seven hours and 17 minutes. This momentous meeting took place in one of the splendid rooms in Clarence House. The room was suitably filled with art pieces as well as framed portraits and pictures. One of them, positioned in front of other bigger photos on a beautiful round table, can be seen as a tribute to Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex. This black-and-white snap was taken on May 19, 2018 - on the wedding day of Meghan and Prince Harry. In the photo, Prince Charles can be seen walking down the aisle of St George's Chapel his daughter-in-law. The Prince of Wales offered to do this after it emerged Meghan's father Thomas Markle Snr could no longer travel across the pond to attend the wedding in person. Prince Harry, visibly moved at the sight of the bride, was spotted telling his father "Thank you pa" as Charles arrived at the altar with Meghan. The Duke of Sussex recalled asking the heir to the throne to walk the bride down the aisle during a documentary marking the 70th birthday of the Prince of Wales. READ MORE: Prince Charles ‘adored’ Meghan Markle: ‘Welcomed her like a daughter' Appearing on Prince, Son and Heir: Charles at 70, Harry said: "I asked him to and I think he knew it was coming and he immediately said, 'Yes, of course, I'll do whatever Meghan needs and I'm here to support you.' "For him, that's a fantastic opportunity to step up and be that support, and you know he's our father so of course, he's gonna be there for us." During the wedding, Prince Charles was the protagonist of another touching moment, as he was spotted chatting amiably with Doria Ragland - Meghan's beloved mother and the only member of the Duchess' family to attend the nuptial - both inside the chapel and as they were seeing off the newlywed couple. The photo from the wedding was placed next to a picture of Prince Harry smiling widely. The prominent position of these snaps may suggest the relationship between the Prince of Wales and his younger son is on the mend - or could represent an olive branch to the Sussexes. Prince Harry himself spoke about a difficult relationship with his father during his and Meghan's interview with Oprah Winfrey in early 2021. The Duke claimed the Prince of Wales stopped taking his calls in late 2019 and told him to put things in writing after Harry had outlined his plans to step back as a senior royal. Asked by Ms Winfrey whether, more than one year later, the Prince of Wales was taking his calls, Harry said: "Yeah. Yeah, he is. There’s a lot to work through there, you know? "I feel really let down, because he’s been through something similar. "He knows what pain feels like, and this is... and Archie’s his grandson. "But, at the same time, you know, I, of course I will always love him, but there’s a lot of hurt that’s happened. "And I will continue to make it one of my priorities to try and heal that relationship." Father and son have reportedly been in touch via a series of "good natured" calls in recent months. And in January, a source claimed to the Mirror the Prince of Wales has invited the Sussexes to stay at his home whenever they travel back to the UK. During their meeting with Camilla on Tuesday, Ms Cordiner, Ms Johnston and Ms Irving were quizzed about the challenges of their record-breaking adventure. The three sportswomen beat the previous record set by a female trio in the Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge by seven days. The Duchess heard how they experienced hallucinations from lack of sleep, cramp in their legs, and had to find ways to cool off from blistering temperatures while carrying on with their feat. Camilla told them: "I've just been reading about your story. It's absolutely incredible."