During the latest BBC series of Dragons Den, budding entrepreneur Matt and his business partner Melody decided to showcase their business, Toucan, to the panel. Matt, the CEO of Toucan and head of product, Melody asked the Dragons for £85,000 in return for a three per cent stake in their business. Matt explained how he wanted to expand his charity-giving idea by offering a modern fintech solution to donors wanting to make an instant difference. Matt went on to add that his vision of the Toucan App is to make donating fun, flexible and accessible to all by re-defining charitable giving. While all five Dragons seemed to show interest in the business, they weren't keen on Matt's offer of a three per cent stake. Taking the lead on Matt's pitch, Touker Suleyman, initially said he would give Matt and Melody a fifth of the money they needed for a five per cent stake in the business. Peter Jones then stepped in and offered the pair the full £85,000 they asked for, for 10 per cent. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? He later went on to propose a rare five-way deal between himself and his fellow Dragons, Deborah Meaden, Sara Davies, Steven Bartlett and Touker. However, at the time, Matt went with his gut and he turned down Peter's offer. Instead, he turned to newcomer Steven to see if he could persuade him to make another offer. In the end, Steven and Matt made a compromise and they agreed Steven would get a seven per cent stake in the business. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Matt explained why he rejected Peter's rare offer. He went on to admit that before he'd even stepped foot in the room, he had a plan to get Steven on board He began: "Obviously, the question everyone is asking me though, is why did you turn down five Dragons and why were you so intent on getting Steven? "There are three really simple reasons for that. Number one, I wanted just from a personal point of principle, I wanted to have conviction in my decision for entering the den." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [SPOILERS]Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' [VIDEO]Vera star opens up on filming first scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT] Matt continued: "Number two, I had a belief that the strong focus of one Dragon is better than coordinating, or trying to coordinate five, perhaps all with different visions of the product. "And thirdly, ultimately, Toucan is about acquiring donors, and who else is better in the country at acquiring users through digital means than Steven Bartlett. "So in my mind, it was always all about Steven and I don't regret the decision for a second." "All the noises coming out about the dramatic negotiation, but in my eyes, it wasn't dramatic because I knew what we wanted," the businessman admitted. "And I was I wasn't prepared to leave without it," he explained. "It looked like it was a bit chaotic and when I left the den I wasn't disheartened, I was just fully focused." Matt went on to explain that since his appearance on Dragons' Den he has been inundated with messages of support. "I've been overwhelmed by the support," he added. "I mean, we've literally had thousands of messages and it's been great for the business." Dragons' Den airs on Thursday at 8pm on BBC One.