Boris Johnson used his speech at the Conservative Spring Conference to lambast the Russian war in Ukraine. However, he also took the chance to issue a few jibes at the "impartiality" of the BBC. The Prime Minister suggested that if Vladimir Putin had a free press and the BBC "on his case," he would have been better informed about Ukraine's capacity to resist his invasion. He said that if Russia had a real democracy, Putin would not "have been capable of such a crescendo of disastrous and self-destructive mistakes". The Conservative leader told the packed audience of party activists: "If Putin had a free press, he would have the BBC on his case. "Let's be serious. Whatever you think, he would have known the truth - or a version of it." This prompted loud laughter in the audible, as Mr Johnson continued to rip the BBC. JUST IN: Liz Truss facing mutiny as senior diplomat resigns in fury at shake-up He said: "Well if he had free, impartial responsible journalism, let me put it that way. "He would have known the truth that the Ukrainians are a proud, proud nation with a charismatic leader. "And he would have known, before he set out on this disastrous and inhuman venture, that they would fight to defend their homeland, he would have known that." He complained that President Putin had committed troops to a doomed war because he had “locked himself in this echo chamber of sycophants”. Later in his speech, Mr Johnson also appeared to compare the struggle of the Ukrainian people for freedom to the same "freedom-loving" instincts of Brexiteers. He explained: "I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom every time. "I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. When the British people voted for Brexit in such large numbers, I don't believe it was that they were remotely hostile to foreigners. "It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself. "We don't need to be woke. We just want to be free, and that's why talented people are fleeing Russia quite frankly right now. That's why they're flocking to the UK." DON'T MISS: 'Nostradamus meets Russian Wikipedia!' Boris mocks Putin claims [VIDEO]Putin's speech shows Kremlin is 'looking for escape route' [INSIGHT]Brexit LIVE: Joy for UK drivers as controversial EU law to be axed [LIVE BLOG] Mr Johnson also joked that President Putin's essay he later used to justify the invasion was "semi-mystical guff" and "Nostradamus meets Russian Wikipedia". The Prime Minister delivered the speech in front of Ukraine's ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, who was given a standing ovation when he arrived. He also claimed that President Putin is in "a total panic" about a revolution in Moscow which is why he is trying "so brutally to snuff out the flame of freedom in Ukraine". Earlier, it emerged Mr Johnson's deputy chief of staff David Canzini has warned advisors to prepare for an election next year. He is understood to have made the remarks during a No10 briefing last Friday.