Nick Kyrgios took aim at Miami Open organisers during the changeover in his round-of-16 match against Jannik Sinner as he claimed the Grandstand court was completely different to the main Stadium court. The world No 102 is playing his first match on Grandstand this week against the ninth seed, and went on to slam umpire Carlos Bernardes when his walky-talkie went off mid-point. Kyrgios is facing Sinner for the first time in their respective careers. The pair were set to do battle in the last-16 at Indian Wells last week but the Italian was forced to withdraw with illness, though both men have given themselves a second chance to meet in the Miami last-16. The match marks the Aussie's first on the Grandstand court, the second-biggest court at the tournament, after playing his first three rounds on the Hard Rock Stadium. After five games on the second court, Kyrgios shared his annoyance with the difference between Stadium. "It’s completely different. You think anyone is gonna tell the players that it’s completely different before the event starts or? Hey guys, just to let you know," he said, sitting down at 2-3 on serve. Continuing his muttering, the world No 102 suggested organisers warn players of the differences, comparing them to grass and clay courts. "Can I have an umbrella or...?" he asked, before adding: "Just to let you know guys, centre court is completely different to the grandstand for some odd reason. May as well be grass and clay. What a joke." JUST IN: Djokovic and Nadal face challenge amid Wawrinka plan to return to top   The six-time title winner then continue to rant after chair umpire Carlos Bernardes' walky-talkie went off loudly into his microphone mid point while Sinner was serving at 4-4. The world No 11 went on to hold to put himself within one game of the set as Kyrgios let rip at ATP staff during the change-of-ends. "He should be fired on the spot," the 26-year-old who is the oldest remaining player left in the ATP draw said of Bernardes. "How is that possible? A fourth round of Miami, one of the biggest tournaments and you guys just can’t do your job. It’s embarrassing. Get a new set of referees, these guys don’t know how to do s***. Walky-talkies going off. "It’s a joke. He is a joke. Get rid of every single staff and start over. Everything. I will run the sport. I could do 100x a better job. Marketing. Everything. You guys have no idea. None. You guys can’t even ref right." DON'T MISSNadal gives French Open boost as Spaniard seen training amid injuryNovak Djokovic 'stronger than ever' before Monte-Carlo Masters returnDjokovic 'won't have sponsorship issue' as his brother speaks out   He continued to take aim at Bernardes midway through the first-set tiebreak, telling him he had "no idea how to control a crowd" as fans continued to cheer during rallies. The umpire had already asked spectators to save their applause until the end of a point. Kyrgios had already received a code violation for audible obscenity earlier in the set but did not receive another for his rant towards Bernardes. The former world No 13 had already been irritated by surrounding noises on the court, previously airing his grievances with loud music playing during the rallies. 