Tottenham came extremely close to signing Paulo Dybala in 2019 only for the player's image rights to reportedly scupper the deal. That could change this summer though according to Italian reports. Spurs had an agreement in place for the Argentine forward nearly three years ago as Daniel Levy put money on the table for the Juventus star. Interest in Dybala has died down since from Tottenham's end, but judging how close they came to an agreement in 2019, it's unlikely to have completely disappeared. In Tottenham's favour will also be Fabio Paratici, who would have had a working relationship with Dybala during their time together at Juventus. Dybala has indicated that his preference is to remain at Juventus, but time is now running out to tie him down to a new deal. His current contract expires in the summer with reports in Italy now indicating an extension is increasingly unlikely. A meeting was scheduled for Dybala's agent and Juventus representatives for what was billed as a final opportunity to discuss a new contract. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte 'really likes' Victor Osimhen  But Sport Mediaset now claim that meeting has been cancelled with no suggestion it will be rearranged. The report claims that Juventus don't feel Dybala's agent, Jorge Antun, has the 'professional requirements recognized by FIFA'. The meeting had already been postponed a few weeks ago but the latest setback could be the last chance saloon. Now, it looks as though Dybala will become a free agent in the summer which gives Tottenham a perfect opportunity to revive their previous transfer interest. DON'T MISS  Antonio Conte wants to bolster his options up front to give more support to Harry Kane. Dejan Kulusevski has already blossomed into a top signing since his January move from Turin, establishing himself as a key part of Conte's squad. But Conte will want to add players with experience of winning titles on a regular basis and Dybala has that in abundance. Still just 28 years of age, Dybala has won five Serie A titles and has plenty of experience at the highest level. Dybala won't be short of suitors come the summer window should he enter free agency. But Tottenham can give Conte what he wants for a cut-price fee by going after Dybala.