Sergio Perez has told Red Bull he would like to sign a longer deal after seeing his team-mate Max Verstappen handed a new mega-money five-year contract less than three months after tasting his maiden F1 title success. Verstappen put pen-to-paper on a new deal earlier this month. Perez moved to Red Bull ahead of the 2021 season after impressing during spells with Sauber, McLaren, Force India and Racing Point. He won his first Grand Prix for the Milton Keynes-based team at last June’s Azerbaijan race and racked-up a further four podium finishes last time around. And he produced a scintillating display at the final Grand Prix of the season as he held off Lewis Hamilton to slow him down for a lengthy period as the Briton tried tirelessly to pass him - a move which benefitted Verstappen enormously. Perez originally signed a one-year deal with Red Bull and extended that for a second season following a string of promising performances for the team. But the Mexican has suggested he wants to commit his future to Red Bull for much longer. MUST READ: Nikita Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher as Haas F1 driver binned over Ukraine invasion  “I have a contract for this season - it's just starting,” Perez said as he prepares for this week’s second round of pre-season testing in Bahrain. “I think we're very happy. I'm very happy with the team and how we did this season - let's see how soon we talk about the new contract again. “Without a doubt I would like something longer. [I’m] looking for a little more stability in terms of knowing and being able to plan more with a team.” Verstappen’s new deal will see the Dutchman earning a reported £40million a year until 2028 - a fitting reward for his title-winning endeavours. DON'T MISS:Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's controlToto Wolff stokes the flames over Max Verstappen incident as Jenson Button places blameLewis Hamilton given taste of his own medicine by Max Verstappen claims old foe Rosberg  And Perez insists his team-mate’s new contract was “well, well deserved.” Perez finished fourth in the Drivers’ Championship last season as Mercedes ace Valtteri Bottas claimed third spot. And the 32-year-old is confident his team can have a successful season in 2022. “I think we got a good baseline,” Perez said following the first round of pre-season testing in Barcelona last month.   “I definitely think we have a good potential. It’s obviously very early days. I really hope that we are able to make a good step come Bahrain. “[I hope we will] just keep progressing from all the information that we gathered from here. “I think it’s a progression throughout the year - it’s important just to keep making steps, keep making progress and keep learning from my driving.” 