Fatty liver disease damages the liver and prevents it from working as well as it should, but lifestyle changes can prevent it from getting worse. When it comes to diet, one ranks supreme with four foods you should keep to a minimum in order to improve your liver health. Significantly reducing intake of certain foods and beverages have been shown to have a significantly positive effect on one’s liver. These include: READ MORE: Statins side effects: The 'disease' that may come about from taking the medicine Consuming too much salt can increase the risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). It’s recommended to limit sodium intake to less than 2,300 milligrams per day. People who have high blood pressure should limit salt intake to no more than 1,500 mg per day Staying away from sugary foods is equally important. These includes foods such as candy, cookies, sodas, and fruit juices. These foods increase blood sugar which directly impacts the amount of fat build-up in the liver. DON'T MISSSupplements: The popular pill shown to increase prostate cancer risk [ADVICE]'Much worse than anything else': Expert on hidden impact of long Covid [INSIGHT]Tom Hanks health: Star suffered from 'crippling' aches after Covid [INSIGHT] Swapping foods high in saturated fat, which includes butter, fatty cuts of meat, sausages, and cured meats, for unsaturated fat sources — like avocados, olive oil, nut butter, and fatty fish — may be helpful for those with NAFLD. This is why the Mediterranean diet is praised for those wanting a simpler way of not only improving your liver health but also lower cholesterol levels, reduce the risk of hypertension and keep the heart healthy. The British Liver Trust advises that a Mediterranean diet that is high in vegetables, fruits, nuts, beans, cereals, grains, fish, and unsaturated fats such as olive oil, together with a lower intake of meat and dairy foods is the healthiest diet to reduce your risk of developing NAFLD and to reverse the effects. A study published in the journal Nutrients found the Mediterranean diet was associated with a lower liver fat content. The study followed around 1400 participants aged 65 and over. Other results from the study included confirming that avoiding alcohol can reduce an individual’s risk of alcohol related liver disease and that eating red meat was linked to a higher liver fat content. Vanessa Hebditch, Director of Policy and Communications at the British Liver Trust, says: “Results from this study may indicate an improved diet protocol to reducing NAFLD, however more research is needed before doctors can safely recommend these changes as supplements. “If you are thinking of changing your diet please discuss this with your doctor or dietitian. “The research does support what we already know – that eating a healthy diet has a really positive impact on our liver health.”