Will Smith had an eventful evening at the Oscars as he won the award for Best Actor at the glitzy awards. However, earlier in the evening, he took to the stage to slap comedian Chris Rock for making a joke about his wife. The dramatic moment came as Chris came on to the stage to present the award for Best Documentary. He then made a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith’s short hair, saying he was looking forward to GI Jane 2. Jada had shared last year how she had shaved her hair following a battle with alopecia. Following his remark, Will took to the stage and slapped Chris before telling him to not speak his wife’s name. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions  He could be heard shouting from his seat: “Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth.” When Will later won his award, he shared a tearful speech with the audience. During this, he apologised to the Academy as well as addressing how he felt the need to “protect” his family. As well as this, Will opened up about the words he received from his fellow nominee Denzel after the incident.   Denzel had been seen speaking to Will after this had happened at the ceremony, along with Tyler Perry. When Will gave his speech, Denzel could also be seen looking on in tears. He then shared what the Hollywood star had said to him. Will explained: “Denzel said to me a few minutes ago. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [INSIGHT]Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga [INTERVIEW]'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win [VIDEO]   “‘In your highest moments, be careful, that’s when the devil comes for you’.” Earlier in the ceremony, Regina Hall made a joke about Will and Jada’s marriage as well. At the time, she was doing a skit about random Covid testing as she invited single men on stage. She invited Timothée Chalamet, Bradley Cooper, Tyler, and Simu Liu on stage. Regina then joked that she would invite Javier Bardem but wouldn’t as he’s still married to Penélope Cruz.  She continued: “Will Smith... you’re married. “But you know what, you’re on the list and it looks like Jada approved. “You so get on up here. Get on up here!” After the joke, Will held his hands up and refused to go on the stage. However, both Jada and Will seemed to take it in good spirits, laughing at the skit. 