The chairman of the ATP has addressed Novak Djokovic’s breakaway players’ association and branded it “inefficient”. The world No 2 teamed up with fellow player Vasek Pospisil to launch the PTPA during the 2020 US Open after being unhappy with the way the ATP handled several issues during the pandemic. Djokovic had been president of the ATP Player Council for several terms but previously made no secret of his dissatisfaction with several aspects of the tour. In 2018, he was part of a private player meeting held at the Australian Open, allegedly asking all non-players to leave the room before giving a speech and presenting them with the idea of starting a separate players’ union in the presence of an Australian lawyer. But the world No 2 later denied all reports that he had pushed to form a new union at the meeting, while confirming he did speak at the closed-door gathering of top players. Just over two years later he did take the leap to co-found a separate association to represent singles players in the top 500 and doubles players in the top 200, having been unhappy with the support given to lower-ranked players during the tour’s suspension for the pandemic. JUST IN: ATP give Zverev abuse investigation update as accuser 'not contacted'  Shortly after resigning as ATP player council president, he and Pospisil co-founded the Professional Tennis Players Association at the 2020 US Open, one of the first events to be held after the tour’s five-month hiatus. To mark the creation of the organisation, a group of male players took a photo on one of the courts in the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center. The PTPA was later criticised for failing to include female players but has since opened up to represent those on the WTA Tour. The ATP had been critical of the organisation’s creation in the early stages, and chairman Andrea Gaudenzi has doubled down on those views in a new interview. DON’T MISSUkrainian tennis star pays tribute to country after escaping bombsBarty to take time away from tennis as world No 1 makes announcementRoger Federer's coach gives heartbreaking Wimbledon update  The former world No 18 said that Djokovic’s decision to found the PTPA went against the reason it was created in the first place, and instead was creating a further divide. “I have always made it clear that tennis needs unity and unity, not fragmentation,” he told Spox. “That is simply the greatest source of inefficiency and the key to unleashing the full potential of our sport is to resolve this condition.” The Serb had addressed Gaudenzi’s previous concerns with the group in the past, saying he “respectfully disagreed” that the ATP and PTPA could not co-exist. "We just want to have our own organisation, that is 100% ours. We are definitely going to try and work with ATP, and all the governing bodies,” Djokovic said, shortly before the photo of the group’s initial 50-70 members was posted at the US Open. But the ATP boss has now offered the chance for “dialogue” with the PTPA, in the hopes that the parties could come back under the same umbrella of the existing ATP Tour. He continued: “Our approaches may be different, but we will do everything we can to ensure tennis thrives and we support a healthy ecosystem for our players. We remain committed to our vision of how best to achieve this. “And the best way to achieve it is with a united front under one roof a partnership structure of the ATP tour. However, we remain open to dialogue at all times."