Prince Charles and Camilla began their last day of engagements in Ireland by visiting Rock of Cashel, a cluster of medieval buildings which used to be the seat of the kings of Munster. This visit presented an added value as it was reminiscent of the one undertaken by the Queen and Prince Philip in 2011. The monarch and the Duke of Edinburgh also visited the castle in County Tipperary on the last day of their Irish tour. More than a decade ago, the royal couple was shown around the historic castle and ended their visit by listening to schoolchildren singing. That visit to Ireland marked a historic moment, as the Queen became the first British monarch to travel to the Republic in 100 years and the first since the country gained independence from Britain. On Friday, March 25, Charles and Camilla posed for pictures outside of the castle. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here The Duchess, who silently paid tribute to Ireland by wearing a green Bruce Oldfield coat, also received a beautiful bouquet of flowers. Charles and Camilla's tour of the island of Ireland began on Tuesday, March 22, when they arrived in Cookstown, County Tyrone. There, they were welcomed by hundreds of well-wishers and schoolchildren, lined up to catch a glimpse of them while waving the Union Jack. READ MORE: Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ The Prince of Wales and the Duchess made royal history on the day, as they became the first members of the Firm to visit Cookstown. Shortly after, they visited Superstars Cafe, a charity working with people with learning disabilities which is currently helping to train 20 youngsters. After being shown some of the work done by the young people at the charity, the Duchess and Charles hopped on a twin bike for a hilarious picture. Prince Charles also focused his attention on topics very close to his heart on this day of visits. First, he visited Rural Support, a charity established in 2002 to provide a range of services for farmers and farming families across Northern Ireland via their support line. He then toured the 17th-century Lissan House, where he met people involved in traditional crafts, artists and conservationists. The Prince of Wales is particularly interested in preserving traditional crafts, a mission spearheaded by his charity - The Prince's Foundation. On the second day in Northern Ireland, Prince Charles paid a visit to the Marie Curie hospice in Belfast to mark the second anniversary since the first national lockdown was enforced. Camilla's love for reading and her work to improve literacy across the country was honoured on multiple occasions during the day. First, when the royals visited C.S. Lewis Square in Belfast. The area, named after the famous author, is a public space at the heart of the Connswater Community Greenway. Later during the same day, Camilla met children at the Holywood Arches Library, where she learned more about the programmes in place for the community - including a knitting group and summer reading challenges.  Moreover, the Duchess met a few members of the BBC staff based at Broadcasting House in Belfast. On Thursday, Charles and Camilla travelled to Ireland, where hundreds stepped out to see the royals. In Waterford, the royal couple visited Waterford Crystal, a company first established in 1783 which retains to this day strong links with its predecessors.