Golf fans have been given the biggest hint yet that Tiger Woods will be playing at the Augusta Masters in April after the American was included in the provisional field for the tournament. Woods, 46, has won five of his 15 major titles at the venue in Georgia, most famously in 2019 when he ended a 14-year wait to reclaim the green jacket. Woods spectacularly burst onto the scene in 1997 when he won his first Major at Augusta, finishing a record 12 shots clear of runner-up Tom Kite. He went on to win 13 more majors before in 2009, his career derailed following allegations of infidelity, before serious back issues put his future in doubt. And less than a year after his incredible win in 2019, Woods suffered a high-speed car crash in California which left him with broken bones and compound fractures in both of his legs. He's admitted to his rehabilitation being frustratingly slow, but has been frequently spotted on courses of late with son Charlie, albeit using a buggy between shots. But in a shock development, the golf legend has been included in the 2022 entry list on the US Masters website. And it's a notion that hasn't gone unnoticed by fans, with the breezygolf account confirming his inclusion via Instagram. JUST IN: Saudi Golf League door still open for Phil Mickelson after PGA Tour legacy left in tatters "Better call Augusta animal control. Because there's about to be a Big Cat loose on the course!" replied @craig_forbus, while @royalsglass added "Winner by 5 shots." @arlinmcdaniel40 argued his mere presence would boost the event, posting: "Even if he wasn’t up to par if he plays the masters shatters viewing records." Speaking at the Genesis Invitational in February, an event Woods hosted, the man himself refused to rule out another tilt at the Masters as he confirmed he'd be at the champions dinner: "I don't know," he said, when asked by reporters if he'd play. "I'll be there Tuesday and it will be a great dinner - I don't know what kind of sushi we are going to have!" DON'T MISS:Henrik Stenson announced as Europe Ryder Cup captain as Donald and Karlsson miss outRory McIlroy felt 'punch drunk' after snapping golf club in fit of rage at 'crazy' courseBrooks Koepka makes Saudi Super League admission as ‘everyone talks about money'  One champion who won't be at the dinner, or the tournament itself however, is Phil Mickleson. The six-time major champion is currently taking a break from the sport following his controversial comments over the proposed Saudi-backed Super League. The 51-year-old, who became the oldest major winner when he captured the US PGA last year, found himself in hot water after comments surfaced where he admitted to using his interest in the Super Golf League as leverage to get more out of the PGA Tour.