A number of new listings on the selling site show Russian T72 and T-14 tanks for sale with one already receiving 21 bids. The listings ask that buyers pick up from Ukraine and say all the money goes towards helping in the crisis. Although the listings are likely a joke, footage circulated on social media has shown Ukrainians seize Russian equipment and tanks since the conflict began eight days ago. One Ukrainian TikToker even filmed a series of tutorials demonstrating how civilian volunteers can mobilise captured or abandoned Russian tanks. It comes after the Ukrainian authorities confirmed that captured "combat trophies" don't need to be declared for tax purposes.  The corruption-fighting body urged citizens to continue fighting for their land while easing concerns about significant changes in property status". Ukraine’s National Agency for the Protection against Corruption (NAPC) said: “Have you captured a Russian tank or armoured personnel carrier and are worried about how to declare it? Keep calm and continue to defend the Motherland! There is no need to declare [them as income]." In its statement, the NACP said the armoured vehicles wouldn't need to be declared for income tax purposes in part because they were acquired “in connection with the full-scale aggression of the Russian Federation” against the “independent and sovereign Ukrainian state”.  READ MORE: Putin left reeling as key ally Belarus refuses to join war The agency also thanked "the courage and victory of the defenders of the Ukrainian state" and said the military equipment is usually already destroyed and disabled, which "makes it impossible to evaluate it in accordance with the law”. While Ukraine continues to push back against Russian forces, President Volodymyr Zelensky on Wednesday praised the "heroic" resistance of the Ukrainian people. Citizens of Ukraine have been shown preparing molotov cocktails and learning to use arms as they join forces to defend their country.  DON'T MISS: Abramovich has altered Chelsea sale terms as ‘three parties eye deal' [INSIGHT] 'Disgusting' Paralympians on unbelievable reality of Russian athletes [COMMENT]Cost of Putin's war laid bare as Russia loses 9,000 troops [ANALYSIS] Among the atrocious acts ongoing, some videos have circulated online exposing a lack of organisation by Russian troops and awe-inspiring bravery by the Ukrainian people. One now-viral video shows a farmer towing a Russian tank away with his tractor while a man tries to chase it down a dirt track. Another video shared in recent days showed a Ukrainian man, from Berdyansk, picking up a landmine with his bare hands and removing it from the road, clearing the path for the Ukrainian military. On just the second day of the invasion, a video shared online showed a Ukrainian woman confronting a heavily-armed Russian soldier and asking: "What the f*** are you doing on our land?" 