Over the years, fans of CBS’ long-running procedural drama NCIS, have seen a number of different characters meet their deaths. However, for Brian Dietzen who starred as Jimmy Palmer, the death of his on-screen wife Breanna Palmer (played by Michelle Pierce) affected him in his personal life.  Throughout the series, Jimmy Palmer was also known as the “autopsy gremlin” for his brilliant work in the team. As well as being a doctor Palmer was also the Chief Medical Examiner for the NCIS Major Case Response Team. Viewers were introduced to Jimmy in the pilot episode of the show and he has since remained a fan-favourite. As well as his professional life, viewers got to see his personal life which involved his marriage to Breanna and their daughter Victoria Palmer (Elle Graper). READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge? Jimmy and Breanna met at work and hit it off straight away because she was a mortician and had similar scientific interests as Jimmy. The two tied the knot in 2012 and eventually welcomed their daughter, as the NCIS team were also family, his colleagues were immensely proud of him. However, things turned upside down for Jimmy during the season 18 finale when it was revealed Breanna was no longer in the picture. Season 17 was a particularly difficult year for the couple as Jimmy kept cancelling plans because he was needed at work. The following instalment often shifted between the couple’s past and their current life, which gave fans some backstory about their difficulties. But, by the finale which was filmed during the pandemic, it was revealed Breanna had died from COVID-19. It was revealed when Jimmy explained to Agent Ellie Bishop (Emily Wickersham) why his mum had to move in. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, Dietzen shared: “So the prospect of having Jimmy lose his wife, the most optimistic team member lose someone, came to the table and they thought it would be a great storytelling mechanic albeit very, very sad. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street 'double exit' as Nick Tilsley 'splits' from Leanne [THEORY]NCIS season 19: Torres and Tennant row confirmed after crossover promo [THEORY]NCIS season 19: Fans spot hidden clue hinting at brand new podcast [THEORY] He added: “So they went ahead with it. I was notified ahead of time and prepared for it, I suppose, emotionally.” In a separate interview with TVLine, the actor shared he found Breanna’s death hard, off-screen : “I think that it’s natural when you hit a near-death that you start thinking about people who have gone before. “He’s left with his daughter who means more to him than anything, especially since it’s just the two of them, so Breena definitely does play into that quite a bit.” Dietzen explained: “She was lost to Covid and we didn’t see her [during that ordeal], so there’s definitely going to be a lot coming up for Jimmy, and a lot of it’s going to be going in his subconscious. “And a lot that he works out and talks about with his daughter, and with Kasie as well.” He added: “It’s a big, important thing for Jimmy, so many people have lost friends, loved ones to this awful pandemic. “We did this huge time jump in the middle of our previous season, and instead of having some teary-eyed bedside goodbye, which no one was able to do at the time [because of Covid measures], “They said, ‘We’ll just have him say goodbye months and months afterwards,’ which was hard. Oh my gosh, that’s a difficult thing.” NCIS is available to watch on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.