The day is marked with a Commonwealth Service in London - but unfortunately, the Queen will not be attending the ceremony later today. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: “After discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. “The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences, in the week ahead.” The Commonwealth is a political association of 54 nations, almost all of which are former British colonies. Some 2.5 billion people live in Commonwealth countries - almost a third of the world’s population. Since the Queen acceded to the throne in 1952, the Commonwealth has undergone huge changes.  READ MORE: Worrying reason why Queen missing Commonwealth Day service “The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences, in the week ahead.” The Commonwealth is a political association of 54 nations, almost all of which are former British colonies. Some 2.5 billion people live in Commonwealth countries - almost a third of the world’s population. Since the Queen acceded to the throne in 1952, the Commonwealth has undergone huge changes. She was once the recognised head of state for all the Commonwealth countries and ruled over them the same way she does in the UK. But over the years, the influence of Britain and the Royal Family has dwindled, with several countries distancing themselves from the Commonwealth and replacing the Queen as head of state with a republican. In 2021, Barbados became the latest country to gain independence and replace the Queen with a president - but it certainly hasn’t been the first in Queen Elizabeth II’s reign. The last country to take the same action was Mauritius in 1992.  DON'T MISSMeghan Markle's 'bravery & boldness' makes her most influential royal [REPORT]Queen sparks major health concerns 'She's no longer a power' [INSIGHT]POLL: Do you think Harry is right not to attend Philip's memorial? [POLL] Prior to that, Dominica did the same in 1978, Trinidad and Tobago in 1976, and Guyana in 1970. But now, the Queen is head of state in just 15 countries - Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Antigua and Barbuda, The Bahamas, Belize, Grenada, Jamaica, Papua New Guinea, Saint Lucia, Solomon Islands, St Kitts and Nevis, and St Vincent and the Grenadines. Nowadays, the Commonwealth is based on free and voluntary co-operation, with only 15 of its 54 nations recognising the monarchy as their head. The countries in the Commonwealth are:• Antigua and Barbuda• Australia• The Bahamas• Bangladesh• Barbados• Belize• Botswana• Brunei• Cameroon• Canada• Cyprus• Dominica• Eswatini• Fiji• The Gambia• Ghana• Grenada• Guyana• India• Jamaica• Kenya• Kiribati• Lesotho• Malawi• Malaysia• Maldives• Malta• Mauritius• Mozambique• Namibia• Nauru• New Zealand• Nigeria• Pakistan• Papua New Guinea• Rwanda• Saint Kitts and Nevis• Saint Lucia• Saint Vincent and the Grenadines• Samoa• Seychelles• Sierra Leone• Singapore• Solomon Islands• South Africa• Sri Lanka• Tanzania• Tonga• Trinidad and Tobago• Tuvalu• Uganda• United Kingdom• Venezuela• Zambia