Moss is most prominent in spring and autumn when the damp weather conditions allow the spores to thrive. This slimy growth can appear on a range of surfaces, favouring concrete surfaces and garden lawns. Getting rid of unwanted moss is one thing, but which ingredients will actually keep it away? Express.co.uk reveals five remedies you should try. Moss is a type of nonvascular spore-bearing land plant which has more than 12,000 species throughout the world. This green growth is commonly found in moist, shady locations such as woodland and forest floors and is characterised by its furry appearance. Not only can moss look unsightly, but it can also have a negative impact on surrounding plants as a result of its absorbent properties. Whether you have moss growing on your paving, driveway or brick walls, there are plenty of simple remedies which can keep it at bay. READ MORE: What to prune in March: Garden design expert shares top tips There are several methods to eliminate moss growing on hard surfaces, and most of them can be done with just a few household items. White vinegar has proven its uses around the home, but it can also work wonders on your garden too. Simply dilute equal parts white vinegar and water into a spray bottle and shake well. Spray generously on the affected area. Leave the solution to sit and check back the next day once the liquid has penetrated the green growth. During this time, the once green moss should turn brown and feel a lot looser on your garden surface. Use a clean trowel or large filing tool to work the moss away from the concrete, patio or driveway. Spray the area frequently with the same spray to keep moss at bay throughout spring. DON'T MISS:How to clean your patio and remove stains, moss and weeds - top tips [ANALYSIS]Lawn specialist shares tips to get 'thick healthy grass' this spring [REVEAL]How to get rid of moss in your lawn - why you should treat it now [INSIGHT] One of the simplest ways to remove moss is to physically peel it away from the surface by scrubbing the affected area. Adding in a few drops of liquid detergent can help to kill stubborn live moss while removing it at the same time. Use a large brush with stiff bristles and add a few drops of your chosen cleanser. Scrub vigorously and rinse the area with a power washer or hose to clear the remnants from seams, cracks or other hard to reach areas. For moss growth on your lawn, it is important to use gentle ingredients to avoid further damage to your grass. Mix together a few drops of mild dish soap into a full spray bottle of water. Head out onto your lawn during damp conditions and spray the affected area. You should aim to do this early in spring before you lay fresh grass seed and during a dry spell when no further rain is forecast for at least 24 hours. Once you’ve killed the moss, it’s important to take preventative measures to stop it from returning to your garden. There are two key factors to consider when preventing moss, including: Use baking soda to balance the acidity of your soil if your lawn is prone to moss growth. Mix together one tablespoon of baking soda with one gallon of water and cover the affected area onyour grass. You can scale this up to deal with larger patches of moss. Just add more baking soda to the same quantity of water. Repeat this two to three times a week to continue raising the pH level of your soil until it is inhospitable to moss growth. Sharpen your secateurs and begin cutting back overhanging trees to allow more light to shine on mossy areas.