Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has hit back at criticism over his record in England's domestic cup competitions since he took charge of the Reds. Klopp has won just one non-Premier League domestic trophy since arriving at Anfield in 2015. Even cup win has only come recently, with the Reds lifting this year's Carabao Cup after defeating Chelsea on a penalty shootout. Other than that though, it has been a poor seven years in the domestic cup competitions for Liverpool. In fact, their quarter-final clash with Nottingham Forest on Sunday represents the furthest they have gone in the tournament under Klopp's management. Before this season, their best finish in the Carabao Cup was a final appearance in the German's first campaign in charge, a feat they were unable to repeat until this year. By contrast, Liverpool's main rivals in England, Manchester City have won six domestic cups since Klopp's appointment. With his side obviously being one of the best club teams in the world, Klopp has come under fire for failing to deliver the trophies to match that status in the same way City have. READ MORE: Chelsea bidding war hots up as favourite agrees to 'emulate Liverpool' But the Liverpool boss has now hit back at those who have criticised him for Liverpool's cup performances. Klopp has claimed that the Reds' poor performances in those competitions have been down to the luck of the draw rather than an unwillingess to win. "Usually people question my tactical ability and stuff like this but never my attitude. My attitude didn't change, not at all. If you look at my German history, most of the finals I lost - it's still a big number - were the German Cup final," he said ahead of the clash with Forest. "Obviously when you have the players available then it's okay and you can do it, if not, you have to make changes where people say, 'Why is he doing that?' But we come to the point where, with all my knowledge, I ask the players for an awful lot until a specific point and then take them out. DON'T MISS: Liverpool backed to finish 10 points behind Man City in title race (INSIGHT)Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be regretting January transfer call (TRANSFERS)Klopp’s 4 options as Liverpool “change systems” after Trent injury (ANALYSIS) "It's now, [even] if they want, they should not be in the situation where they have to deliver again. That's why we had changes. We said it before that we were not always unlucky but we had not the best draw as well. It's not that we thought: 'Let's go to Chelsea away or United away' - or Chelsea at home in a situation where we didn't have players. "So no, the attitude didn't change, I always wanted to go to Wembley, it just didn't happen. For the league games you can make changes and then for the FA Cup the players are available. You need a specific amount of senior players available that you can bring in the young ones but if you have to play only with young ones then it's really tricky."