Spring is a fruitful time for gardening as fresh growth emerges in beds, pots and borders after winter. With just weeks to go until the new season sets in, it’s time to brave the chilly weather and take steps to prepare your garden for the peak growing period. Weeding, sowing and planting are all key tasks on the list for the coming weeks, but where should you begin? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the experts at Phostrogen revealed their foolproof guide to creating the perfect environment for your spring plants. While brighter, longer days are already emerging, the new season is not forecast to arrive until the end of the month. According to the Met Office, Sunday, 20 March will mark the official start date of spring and will last until June 21, when summer begins Climbing temperatures will see the national average reach highs of 10C during March, with more rainy days offering the ideal growing conditions for garden plants. With everything from lawns to shrubs and flowers preparing to grow, these are the six key tasks you should be doing to get your garden in shape before spring. READ MORE: Monty Don shares the ‘one rule’ to follow when pruning the garden Weeds and unwanted matter can gather in garden soil through the winter, creating a challenging environment for plants to thrive. The team at Phostrogen said: “The first place to begin is by clearing your borders, beds, patios, and vegetable patches of unwanted matter. “Start by removing weeds from borders and beds, clearing any dead or unwanted matter and stripping beds back to bare soil.” Don’t waste weeds and other debris - instead, throw organic matter into your compostbin to break down. Over time, this will create a nutritious material that will enrich your soil and plants.Remember to: Once you’ve cleared the soil, use a gardening fork to loosen it up and get oxygen flowing into the ground. Break down large clumps of soil and inspect perennial plants for hibernation pests - they could wreak havoc on your crops once the weather warms up. The team at Phostrogen recommends digging over beds to expose soil pests like white-vine-weevil larvae, to frost and predators. There are four main types of soil including, clay soils, silty soils, sandy soils and chalky soils - each with its own characteristics. DON'T MISS:How to plant hardy geraniums in three simple steps [INSIGHT]Cleaning hacks: Can you mix vinegar and baking soda? Is it safe? [REVEAL]How to clean your patio and remove stains, moss and weeds - top  [ANALYSIS] Phostrogen’s experts said: “Use a pH tester to check the pH of your soil in multiple locations in the garden. “A pH reading from zero to six is considered acidic, seven is neutral, and eight to 14 is alkaline. “When planning what you’re going to plant where, always keep in mind the soil’s standard pH level so that you match the plant's suitability to the soil pH.” Sweet peas, poppies and pot marigold can all be sown ahead of spring to provide a stunning display of fragrant blooms during the warmer seasons. Create shallow rows (drills) throughout your expertly prepared soil beds using a cane or a stick. The lines will indicate where to sow your seeds and can be done in an offset direction to neighbouring beds to create an even more enticing garden display. Sow the seeds into each drill and rake over with soil before giving the bed a thorough watering.  While sowing your hardy annual seeds, remember to: The time to plant spring-flowering bulbs has come and gone, but now is the perfect time to plant summer flowers, or hardy perennials like geraniums into pots. Choose pots with ample drainage or add extra holes to increase the flow of water through the soil. The team at Phostrogen recommends:  Water is not the only essential element for plants, so it is important to invest in a good-quality fertiliser to get the most out of your spring garden display. Stock your shed up ahead of the growing season for an on-hand supply of nutrients to refresh your soil. Phostrogen’s team of experts said: “Fertilisers comprise several key elements to help your plants thrive, including Nitrogen, Phosphorus, Potassium Iron and Magnesium. “These ingredients promote healthy green foliage and an abundance of flowers and fruit, as well as help plants become more drought resistant and develop a healthy root system.” For an added boost to your plants, you can add a number of natural ingredients to your soil alongside your favourite plant fertiliser. These include: 