In an unearthed interview with the Daily Mail from last year, Craig explained: “'I rather fell in love with Dan, and I didn't expect to”. He continued: “Looking at his dancing, I had no clue why people were voting for him before. “But suddenly I thought, ‘Oh, I see why - he's really sweet.’ “I learned a lot about why people vote for who they do.” The Strictly judge’s kind comments came after some harsh judging on the show. He awarded BBC Breakfast show host, Dan, and his professional partner Nadiya Bychkova a lowly four when they were given eight by other judges. READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson fumes at Gorka Marquez after being left 'on her own' Despite being likeable, the 44-year old journalist was eliminated from the BBC dance show in the quarter finals. Meanwhile, in November 2021, Craig found himself being forced to self-isolate due to testing positive for Covid-19. Unfortunately, he had to miss filming, despite never having missed a show since it had started 17 years ago. Craig described watching the show from the comfort of his home. He said: “On one level, it was a bit of an out of body experience. “But it was enlightening. “Becoming a punter meant I saw the show for the first time through the eyes of the audience and gained an entirely different appreciation for it. “I saw stuff I never normally get to see - all the special effects but also the contestant videos and stories beforehand. DON'T MISS: ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [LATEST]Jools Holland speaks about prostate cancer battle [INSIGHT]‘Putin is laughing' Piers Morgan slams ‘pathetically spineless’ Europe [UPDATE] “I felt completely emotionally involved.” The 57-year-old added: “Missing the show was quite alarming for me because I never miss work.” Dan Walker has since admitted that he was aware of his “awkwardness” before he joined the show. He said, offering advice to Adrian Chiles: “It's strange because you talk about that fear and embarrassment and I had that as well when I started. “I was aware of my own awkwardness and how rubbish I felt I would be. “But you had Jowita didn't you who is brilliant. “And I had Nadiya [Bychkova] who right from day one said, 'Listen, come with me and I'll show you how to do it and you can enjoy it and smile at the same time.' “I started to enjoy it from training and then I started enjoying actually performing it as well.”