In December, Death in Paradise fans were delighted to see the return of Dwayne Myers (player by Danny John-Jules) who made a surprise comeback to Saint Marie. The BBC show's festive episode saw Dwayne return to the island to help DCI Neville Parker (Ralf Little) solve a suspicious murder in place of Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert), who went to visit family for Christmas. Dwayne originally left the show in 2018 after he reunited with his dad Nelson (Ram John Holder). The duo went travelling for four years, before finally coming back to Saint Marie. The ending of the festive episode saw Dwayne get into a taxi with Neville as they made their way back to the UK. In a new interview, Danny addressed his family life and childhood as he recalled getting sent to a psychiatrist when he was in primary school. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith "I got sent to a shrink in infant school," the actor began. "That's how bad it was bad in the day. "You remember the old days when you'd get school milk and you'd get the metal crate in the corner and it was a simple scenario. "All the kids sort of rushed towards the milk, you have got to remember this was Notting Hill in the 60s. "There I am at the milk crate and just in general the kids getting into the milk and there was a little girl for some reason seemed to be a little bit put out." "It was a feeling of...not that I'd probably done anything...but to cut a long story short it ended up with a slap around the face from a teacher," Danny explained. "That was the first wrong I'd ever felt in my life. I was blamed for something that didn't have anything to do with me as far as I was concerned." The Red Dwarf star went on to explain he was sent to a clinic following the incident, and even when he walks past the building today, he still feels a "bitterness" inside. "It is still with me and I am 61," he added to Michael Fenton Stevens on his My Time Capsule podcast. DON'T MISS...Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Adam Henson airs concern for his farm after warning [VIDEO]Jane McDonald wants to ‘wash the last couple of years away’  [NEWS] "I can tell you exactly everything that happened in that room," Danny remembered. "I have got such a clear memory of it. "At the time, you don't think anything of it." He later said: "It was an early indication of what it was like being in the real world." The Dwayne Myers star said it was tough for him in school as he grew up with just his mum in a single-parent household. Elsewhere in the episode, Danny explained how he landed his role in Death in Paradise and all of the jobs he'd had before. Danny told Michael despite having fond memories of secondary school, it just wasn't for him and he knew he wanted to pursue a career in acting and performing. The 61-year-old was auditioning for extras roles while working in a shop in Notting Hill. He even landed his first TV work for an anti-crime film by Scotland Yard when he was just 14-years-old. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.