Kate Middleton and Prince William visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre to learn about efforts to support Ukrainians in the UK and across Europe. The Duchess of Cambridge stunned in a simple blue jumper made of wool. However, the jumper actually costs £520 as it was an Alexander McQueen jumper.  The item can be purchased from Net-A-Porter if royal fans wish to emulate the Duchess’ look. Kate has always loved wearing Alexander McQueen clothes ever since she wore a custom Sarah Burton wedding gown in 2011. She appeared to pair this jumper with some navy trousers with a gold buckle belt. The trousers were flared at the bottom which is very on-trend with the fashion nowadays. READ MORE: Key way Meghan Markle sets herself apart from Kate Middleton Due to the trousers being so long, it was difficult to tell which shoes the Duchess was wearing, however she appeared to be wearing heels. Kate’s hair was absolutely stunning and had been blow-dried in its normal wavy style. She had worn a perfect smokey eye to accentuate her minimal makeup and looked amazing. For jewellery, Kate was wearing her very famous sapphire engagement ring to perfectly complement her blue jumper. As well as this, Kate and William accessorised with poignant Ukraine badges pinned to their clothes. The little circular badge was blue and yellow to display the Ukrainian flag colours. It also had a little white heart on it to show their solidarity with the refugees fleeing war. Kate could also be seen wearing tiny little gold hoops for her choice of earrings.  Royal fans took to social media to express their love for the Duchess’ style. One fan, @cadimamartins wrote: “Beautiful always.” Another account, @lovecambridges_ said: “They are so cute.” Royal fan @ramey_deb noticed the subtle nod to Ukraine from Kate, saying: “Blue jumper. Always on message.”  Twitter user @BillyDouglass7 added: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are such a wonderful and compassionate couple.” As well as speaking to volunteers, Kate and William arrived at the centre in west London with some goodies. The couple brought some homemade chocolate brownies and granola bars from Kensington Palace. These were intended for the volunteers coordinating the relief effort. 