As Kate and Prince William are halfway through their visit to Jamaica, an organisation in their next destination, The Bahamas, has issued a "response" to their tour. The Bahamas National Reparations Committee (BNRC) released a lengthy letter dated March 22 in which it lashed out at the British Crown's colonialist past and called for "reparatory justice." The BNRC's letter lamented people in The Bahamas "have been left holding the bag for much of the cost of this extravagant" royal tour. It added: "Why are we footing the bill for the benefit of a regime whose rise to 'greatness' was fueled by the extinction, enslavement, colonization and degradation of the people of this land? "Why are we being made to pay again?" The organisation went on saying The Bahamas "don't owe a debt of gratitude for anything" to the British monarchy. Follow our royal liveblog for updates on the Royal Family After mentioning the painful history of colonialism and slavery in the country, the letter read: "In the words of Sir Hilary Beckles, Chair of the CARICOM Reparations Commission, colonialism was devastating and we are tired of footing the bill. "We are tired of paying literally with our lives for the maintenance of a paradigm in which we were exploited so others could be exalted. "It is time now for reparatory justice. "The time is now for reparations." READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry Finally, the organisation acknowledged it is unlikely Kate and William will address the issues of reparations and colonialism during this tour - one of the four being carried out by senior royals within a few weeks to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It added: "However, they can no longer ignore the devastation of their heritage. "They and their family of Royals and their Government must acknowledge that their diverse economy was built on the backs of our ancestors. And then, they must pay." DON'T MISS Kate and Prince William are to travel to The Bahamas tomorrow, where they will remain until Saturday - the last day of their tour. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's eight-day trip has already been hit by two protests. Last Friday, prior to Kate and William's arrival to Belize, people living in the Indian Creek village staged a protest focused on a "contested property" between residents and Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation charity of which William is the patron. Belize outlet Channel 7 also reported further discontent may have been caused by the landing site decided for the helicopter taking Kate and William to the destination of their engagement, amid claims residents had not been consulted. Sebastian Shol, chairman of Indian Creek village, told the Daily Mail: "We don't want them to land on our land, that's the message that we want to send. They could land anywhere but not on our land." Kensington Palace acknowledged the row and announced the royals would cancel their planned engagement at the local cocoa farm. The royals' office said: A Kensington Palace spokeswoman said: "We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location - further details will be provided in due course." On Sunday, Kate and William visited another cocoa farm located in the coastal village of Hopkins, where they learned more about the production of chocolate and tried the finished product. After the row caused the cancellation of the royal visit in Indian Creek, other locals staged a counter-protest to let Kate and William know they were looking forward to meeting them. The Cambridges were hit by yet another protest on Tuesday, upon their arrival in Jamaica. The pair were accused of benefitting from the "blood, tears and sweat" of Jamaicans' ancestors by Opal Adisa, a retired professor in her 60s who works with the Advocates Network - a coalition of Jamaican politicians, business leaders, doctors and musicians. Ms Adisa was among the protesters gathered outside the British High Commission in Kingston, Jamaica's capital city. At the gathering, one little girl was spotted holding a placard reading: "Kings, Queens and Princesses and Princes belong in fairytales not in Jamaica!"