In an interview, ex-submarine commander Rear Admiral John Gower warned that forcing Trident subs out would be a threat to the UK deterrent. The Scottish Nationalist Party has pledged to rid Scotland of Trident, which it insists does not address modern threats, and to oppose its renewal. The SNP want a rapid withdrawal of nuclear-armed submarines from Faslane in the event of independence. There are four Trident subs in Scotland with the new Dreadnought class set to be based there. Rear Admiral Gower told The Sunday Times that the nationalist's approach would incapacitate one of the three legs of Nato’s nuclear capability, which is based on readiness in the air, at sea and by land. He said: "To leave Faslane and Coulport in short order after a referendum, and that is the SNP’s position, would represent a very significant threat to the UK deterrent. "A precipitate departure from Faslane would represent a clear and present risk to that deterrent. Seeing the departure of nuclear weapons from an independent Scotland might be seen as an easy gimme, a cosy feel-good, risk-free by-product of independence for many Scottish voters.  "However, they need to be made aware, on a factual basis, of the repercussions for Scotland, the rest of the UK, the wider Nato alliance. Allies, both in Europe and North America." He warned that should First Minister Nicola Sturgeon succeed in triggering a second independence referendum, the Scottish people should be in no doubt about the potential effect on the UK deterrent and, in the worst cases, the consequences to the security of the Nato alliance and Europe. In a statement, the SNP said: "While an independent Scotland would seek to work effectively and collaboratively with our Nato colleagues and partners, Scots have made clear across several elections that they do not want to play home to abhorrent weapons of mass destruction, especially not just 25 miles from our biggest city and metropolitan area." The UK Government insists Britain's independent nuclear deterrent deters the most extreme threats to national security, helps guarantee this country's safety as well as Nato allies.  READ MORE ABOUT DIANE ABBOTT MAKING A 'DREADFUL' STATEMENT The Rear Admiral's stark warning comes after Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered Russia’s military to place its nuclear deterrent forces on special alert, claiming the move was because of "aggressive statements" from the West. An online Nukemap tool recently showed the horrific outcome if a nuclear bomb were dropped on Holyrood or Faslane. Built by nuclear historian Alex Wellerstein, the site shows the potentially catastrophic outcomes if tensions continue to rise between Russia and Ukraine. A Topol (SS-25), which is already in Russia's arsenal, could, if dropped on Holyrood, cause more than 226,000 deaths and 244,000 injuries, the site shows.  DON'T MISS: Mercury plunges to sub zero as arctic blast of -5C to hit Britain [LATEST] Andrew Neil brilliantly pinpoints UK changes to stay after Ukraine [REVEALED] Prince Harry criticised for 'navel-gazing' Ukraine statement [REPORT] However, Deputy Prime Minister, Dominic Raab, described talk of the threat of Russia using nuclear weapons in its invasion of Ukraine as brinkmanship. He told Sky News: "I think its rhetoric and brinkmanship. [Putin's] got a track record as long as anyone's arm of misinformation and propaganda. "This is a distraction from what the real issues are at hand - which is that it's an illegal invasion and it is not going according to plan." Opposition politicians in Scotland have slammed the SNP's plot. Donald Cameron, the constitution spokesman for the Conservatives, said: "The SNP’s naivety to disregard a vital defence deterrent as part of their pitch for independence could put Scotland and the whole of the UK’s security at risk."  Jackie Baillie, deputy leader of Scottish Labour, told The Sunday Times: "The facts are clear: the SNP cannot be trusted to protect Scotland’s national security. "At a time of the unprovoked and unjustified invasion of Ukraine by Russia, the SNP’s defence policy will give Vladimir Putin comfort." But the chances of a second independence vote have been dealt a fresh blow with a Savanta ComRes poll for The Economist finding only a third of people in Scotland want to be asked the constitutional question again.  It also found No leading by 51 percent to 49 percent, once those who are undecided are removed. Scotland's First Minister has said she is determined Scots will be able to vote at a second referendum on independence by the end of 2023. 