Manchester United have been warned they have no chance of signing £50million target John McGinn from Aston Villa. Steven Gerrard has insisted the Scotland international is ‘invaluable’ and a key part of Villa’s future plans.   United have long been linked with a transfer for McGinn to help improve a midfield that has gone stale at Old Trafford. The 27-year-old has been excellent for Villa under Dean Smith and now former Liverpool midfielder Gerrard. And the Villa boss has told potential suitors that McGinn will remain with the Midlands outfit. “There’s not many better people than John McGinn,” Gerrard said. “I’ve been in the game an awfully long time and he is a really infectious character who is great for the group, on and off the pitch. John is the glue to everything that’s good at Aston Villa.   JUST IN: Salah risks Liverpool fan fury as stance on joining rivals emerges “One hundred percent, he is very important for me, for the staff, for his team-mates and the club. “The club have been good for John - and he has paid them back with consistent performances throughout. “We are hoping to keep trying to improve him in all departments.” Interested clubs would likely need to pay a premium fee for McGinn as he still has three years remaining on his deal.    He has played 15 times since Gerrard was appointed in November, missing only two Premier League games. Gerrard added: “We use the phrase ‘all in’ with John because he gives it all to the cause. “He’ll die for you on the pitch. He commits everything, he is a proper team player and he’s got immense quality in there as well. “I would have loved to have played alongside him because when you look around that dressing room and you go on the frontline, you’ll know John McGinn is with you. “Whatever situation you’re in - good or bad - he will be there.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool beat Brighton: Five things learned with Salah injuredSalah risks Liverpool fan fury as stance on joining rivals emergesChelsea 'offer Romelu Lukaku to PSG with Blues ready to accept £42m' If we are to take this club where we want to take it, then it’s very important that we keep working with players like him. He’s invaluable. “When you take over a job, it’s important that your senior players believe in what you’re bringing to the table. “They help you deliver the message, they help you improve standards around the place. “I don’t want to over-praise John here, but he has been absolutely brilliant. Everything we’ve asked him to do he’s gone above and beyond.”   