The investment will “galvanise” shipyards and suppliers across the country, Downing Street said. Mr Johnson will make the announcement on Thursday while visiting the Merseyside dockyard, even though the fund for the new vessels was first announced in the 2020 Spending review and then the 2021 Autumn Budget.  During his visit, Mr Johnson will meet apprentices and shipbuilding experts to understand how the UK Government investment is creating jobs and levelling up communities across the country. The UK’s historic shipbuilding industry currently supports 42,600 jobs across the UK, from Cornwall to Belfast and Govan, and contributes more than £2.8 billion to the economy. The Downing Street said that the multi-billion pound investment will galvanise and support shipyards and suppliers across the UK, delivering a pipeline of more than 150 new naval and civil vessels for the UK Government and Devolved Administrations over the next 30 years. Mr Johnson said: “Shipbuilding has been in our blood for centuries and I want to ensure it remains at the heart of British industry of generations to come.  “The National Shipbuilding Strategy will transform this important and crucial industry, creating jobs, driving technology development and upskilling the shipbuilders of tomorrow, ensuring we are levelling up across every dock, port and shipyard in the UK. “This will ensure the UK is rightly seen as a shipbuilding power across the world.” The funding comes as the Ministry of Defence prepares to publish its refreshed National Shipbuilding Strategy (NSbS) on Thursday, which will outline how the Government will support UK shipyards across the nation to upskill workers, create high-quality jobs, drive technology development and ensure UK shipbuilding delivers on next-generation challenges. The strategy also builds on the UK’s increased support for European defence capability in the face of rising Russian aggression, with UK defence giant Babcock successfully being chosen as Poland’s preferred partner to deliver three new warships based on the UK’s Type 31 design.  READ MORE:Young woman has £2,000 Covid party fine payment taken from wages The Department for Transport, as part of the strategy, will invest £206 million in the UK Shipping Office for Reducing Emissions (UK-Shore). This investment will be used to “match fund research and development in zero-emission vessels and infrastructure and ensure our place as the global leader in green technology”, No 10 said. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: “As shipbuilding tsar, I am proud to be announcing our new strategy, this is an exciting time to be involved in the sector. “With significant government investment, we will be levelling up across our shipbuilding, workforce, from shipyard to supplier, from procurement to designer, creating tens of thousands of new employment opportunities, boosting living standards and pay.  DON'T MISS: British drivers hit by BIGGEST ever daily diesel price riseCambridges leave fans elated as couple show solidarity with UkraineRussia admits throwing conscripts into battle in Ukraine “Our refreshed strategy will see the sector galvanised at a crucial time for our economy and see a vital part of British industry expand and flourish.”