Emily Bridges has been prevented from competing in the women’s British National Omnium Championship on Saturday. However, aunt Helen Bridges believes her transgender niece "should be allowed" to compete considering she was only recently ruled ineligible. Bridges—a former star of the British junior circuit who began hormone therapy in 2021—was due to compete against Dame Laura Kenny in Derby this weekend. However, British Cycling announced on Wednesday that current Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) rules mean she's unable to participate in the women's event. The 21-year-old won the men's points race at the British Universities' championships in Glasgow last month and is still registered as a male athlete. Therefore, she cannot compete in women's events until her male UCI registration expires despite lowering her testosterone levels below the required limit since beginning hormone therapy. "It's a bit of a tough one but I guess it's unfair," aunt Helen Bridges told MailOnline. "It is unfair on Emily but the others obviously think it's unfair on them so it's a very, very difficult situation. Maybe trans athletes should have their own class but I think they should be allowed to do it [compete in women's sports]." READ MORE: Florida governor refuses to recognise transgender swimmer Lia Thomas' title win British Cycling sympathised with Bridges and acknowledged the inclusion of transgender and non-binary athletes as "a challenge for all elite sports." Her aunt went on to say: "I really do feel for Emily. There's a lot more to it given the amount of emotions she's been through." Bridges—who previously impressed as a male rider named Zach—was formerly a prospect on the Great Britain Academy programme. However, her initial inclusion in Saturday's Omnium event drew criticism among some supporters, with some riders reportedly threatening to pull out of the event if she was allowed to compete. DON'T MISS Olympic swimmer fumes and calls for rule change after transgender athlete wins gold Ronnie O'Sullivan vows to still be in world top eight when he's a 'pensioner' Will Smith hits Chris Rock: The best sporting reactions after Oscars incident    UCI President David Lappartient recently told BBC Sport the inclusion of transgender athletes in competition "worried" him in regards to the fairness of competition. He went on to say female cyclists had registered concern with the governing body, with some voicing concern that they "do not accept" the regulations at present. In order to qualify to compete as a transgender woman, cyclists must record less than five nanomoles of testosterone per litre of blood (5nmol/L) for a 12-month period. NHS figures suggest the average man could have anywhere between 10 and 30 nanomoles per litre, while a woman in the same age range will typically have between 0.7 to 2.8.