Piers Morgan, 57, was left fighting back tears over late cricketer Shane Warne. Piers took to his Instagram following the sportsman’s state funeral, which took place today. The presenter shared his thoughts about the memorial service, and fans were quick to comment on the post. The state funeral, which took place at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, was attended to by a host of celebrities and Shane's friends. Shane Warne died on March 4 this year. Sir Elton John dedicated a recorded version of Don’t Let The Sun Go Down On Me to the cricketer’s three children, Brooke, 24, Jackson, 22 and Summer, 20. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win Kylie Minogue and Hugh Jackman also paid tribute to the star. On his Instagram post, Piers penned: “What a magnificently moving, funny, emotional farewell to Shane Warne at his beloved MCG stadium. “Incredible turn-out, so many brilliant, hilarious stories, and some tearjerking tributes from his lovely family. “Feeling quite choked up watching from New York where they think cricket is an insect. “Shane was a unique, irrepressible character and would have been amazed by the scale of this wonderful send-off which is befitting of the larrikin genius we all just called The King. “Goodbye Warnie, and rest in fun.” The post was shared with Piers’ 1.8 million followers. Fans quickly joined Piers in sharing their own condolences and thoughts. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] @Katiecharliechloe wrote: “Beautiful I cried the whole time.” @Misslinen said: “So so moving, RIP Shane.” @Juliekarenunsworth penned: “Poignant and beautiful. “RIP always missed but never forgotten.” @Di.drew53 commented: “It was an incredible farewell. “Absolutely agree with some tear jerking tributes. “What a character he was. He touched so many peoples lives. Rest In Peace, Shane.” @Jsfinoz said: “That’s what I call a memorial…”