The research team – from the University of Copenhagen – published their research paper on how the Nordic diet lowers cholesterol levels earlier this month. But how effective was the diet? And what does it include? "Berries, veggies, fish, whole grains and rapeseed oil; these are the main ingredients of the Nordic diet," the researchers noted. Head of section at the university's department of nutrition, exercise, and sports, Lars Ove Dragsted, pointed out the "surprising" finding. "It's surprising because most people believe that positive effects on blood sugar and cholesterol are solely due to weight loss," he said. "Here, we have found this not to be the case. Other mechanisms are also at play." Together with researchers from Finland, Norway, Sweden and Iceland, Dragsted examined blood and urine samples from 200 participants. All were over the age of 50, all with an elevated body mass index (BMI) and increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms – Toilet troubles could indicate a growing tumour in the bowel   "Even without weight loss, we could see an improvement in their health." Dragsted explained why his team thought that the Nordic diet had such significant results. "By analysing the blood of participants, we could see that those who benefited most from the dietary change had different fat-soluble substances than the control group," he stated. "These are substances that appear to be linked to unsaturated fatty acids from oils in the Nordic diet. "This is a sign that Nordic dietary fats probably play the most significant role for the health effects seen here, which I hadn't expected." Fats in the Nordic diet come from: As for why a change in fat composition benefits our health so much is still under investigation. What is apparent, however, is that the absence of highly processed food and less saturated fats from animals has a "very positive effect" on health. Foods recommended as part of the Nordic diet include root vegetables and peas, beans, cabbage and onions. The diet also includes fruits, namely apples, pears, plums and berries; moreover, nuts are part of the Nordic diet. Additions also favour whole grains, fish, shellfish, and vegetable oils made from rapeseed, sunflower, or flaxseed. Finally, low-fat dairy products are recommended and "significantly smaller" portions of meat.