Andy Murray is hoping to make it third time lucky with Ivan Lendl, reuniting with his former coach after two wildly successful stints in the past. The world No 84 has struggled to find a replacement for long-time mentor Jamie Delgado this year but will now have the former world No 1 back in his corner for a Miami training block. They split early into Murray's years of hip injury woes, and the Brit later admitted he trained too hard under Lendl. Murray split with Delgado over the off-season after more than five years together. He then took up a trial period with German coach Jan De Witt but did not continue their partnership after suffering a disappointing second-round loss at the Australian Open. The three-time Major champion had to enlist his former charge Dani Vallverdu for the recent tournaments in Doha and Dubai, though the Venezuelan is the full-time coach of Stan Wawrinka who is set to make his comeback from injury next month. During the Dubai ATP 500 Murray confirmed he had found a "short-term solution" for after the upcoming events in Indian Wells and Miami, and has now confirmed that solution comes in the form of none other than his former coach Ivan Lendl. JUST IN: Djokovic criticised by ATP for 'inefficient' breakaway organisation  The eight-time Grand Slam champion has been part of Murray's team twice before, with him for all three of his Grand Slam wins. They first started working together in 2011, going onto win titles at the US Open and Wimbledon as well as Olympic gold before splitting in 2014. Their second stint came in 2016 - the most successful year of Murray's career which saw him win a second Wimbledon title and Olympic gold medal, and become world No 1 for the first time, before he was struck by a hip injury in 2017 and Lendl left his team. While they enjoyed a hugely successful partnership in relation to on-court results, Murray has previously admitted that his training methods under Lendl in 2016 were too much and contributed to his later injury struggles. DON'T MISSATP give Zverev abuse investigation update as accuser 'not contacted'Ukrainian tennis star pays tribute to country after escaping bombsBarty to take time away from tennis as world No 1 makes announcement  Speaking to Süddeutsche Zeitung in October 2019 after winning the first title of his comeback in Antwerp, he recalled the time Rafael Nadal's uncle and then-coach warned him he was "killing himself" by training too hard. Between his Wimbledon title win 2016 and the Rio Olympics, Murray went to train at the Rafa Nadal Academy in Mallorca with Toni Nadal watching on and later telling: "What are you doing there? You're going to kill yourself. You work too hard." "I should have only spent 30 or 40 minutes on the tennis court to keep my timing. But I couldn't stop," Murray admitted, saying he was exhausted by the time he arrived in Rio for the 2016 Olympics. "It went like this every day. But the competitor in me wanted to compete." The 46-time title winner has since learned from his mistakes and in 2019 said: "It's important to prepare well and train hard. But you don't have to train four to five hours off the field every day or run three to four times on a track as an addition to tennis training." Murray and Lendl will stay in Miami at the conclusion of the Masters 1000 event there to undergo a training block. The Brit has already confirmed he will be skipping the clay-court season - including French Open - this year and focusing on the grass season, including his most successful Grand Slam at Wimbledon. And with Lendl back in his corner, it could be third time lucky for Murray at the All England Club.