Emmerdale star Charley Webb, 34, has not played her character Debbie Dingle in over a year after taking time off for maternity leave. The actress sparked a frenzy among Emmerdale fans as she posted a series of snaps of herself with the Dingle family on a fun-fuelled night out. The actress shared a series of photos with stars Emma Atkins (Charity), Jeff Hordley (Cain), Zoe Henry (Rhona Goskirk) and Eden Taylor-Draper (Belle). She can be seen in the first snap dancing with her TV mother, while posing for selfies along with the rest of the Emmerdale group. Charley captioned the post in view of her 559,000 Instagram followers: "I will forever love my old work family. "My heart feels so full and grateful they came into my life all those years ago. READ MORE: Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert "They will last a lifetime." Many social media users took to the comments to share their excitement over the reunion and ask Charley when she is coming back. Elliesmumma said: "I really hope Debbie makes a return to Emmerdale one day. Great pics. You all look fantastic." Jacksonker added: "'Old work' that makes me sad! Emmerdale needs a bit of sass back it's gone so pants x." Kryssie15 commented: "So sad to see you leave as Debbie Dingle. "She's one of my favourite characters. "But love you Charley, and can't wait to see your next ventures. All the best for the future." The actress recently hinted on a return to the show when answering fans' questions on Instagram a couple of weeks back. DON'T MISS... 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show [INSIGHT] Harry Potter's Emma Watson 'shades' JK Rowling at BAFTAs [COMMENT] Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display as she dances around [INSTAGRAM] "Are you going to go back into acting? "We miss you on our screens xxx" they wrote. Posting a selfie of herself giving a peace sign to the camera, Charley replied: "When the right thing comes to me, I'll be back.” She added: "Can’t wait." The mum-of-three confirmed earlier this year that she had left the soap for good, only briefly returning after maternity leave for a short storyline. She shares sons Buster, 11, Bowie, six, and Ace, two, with her husband Matthew Wolfenden, who plays David Metcalfe on Emmerdale. "I left to have Ace two years ago,” said Charley. "I went back at the end of last year for ten weeks to complete a storyline so I guess officially it's been a year. "I never felt the need to announce it so we didn't."