John Cleese, 82, often openly criticises former US president Donald Trump, most recently slamming the former Apprentice host after he claimed he strengthened NATO during his time in charge. Today, John has taken to Twitter again to hit out at the former president after he unleashed his latest thoughts on the Ukraine situation in a podcast. Full Send Podcast released a podcast yesterday to their 1.25 million YouTube subscribers, with the star guest being Donald Trump. The podcast, hosted by Kyle Forgeard and Bob Menery, has come under criticism due to the 75-year-old's comments. The former president was asked what he thought would happen next for Ukraine, with Trump's answer surprising many. He said: "Well, I said this a long time ago. If this happens we are playing right into the hands of green energy. "The windmills don't work, they're too expensive." READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update Trump went on to rant about windmills, avoiding answering the very important question. John took to Twitter in anger to respond to a clip of "moron" Trump's comments. In view of his 5.7million followers, he penned: "He is now completely addled. "And still supported by millions of Republicans. "Which can only mean that they are more addled than he is." Many social media users took to the comments to express their view on the former president. Gtconway3d said: "Person, woman, man... moron." NellyPringle8 added: "The most stunning thing, I think, is that he's apparently the best candidate that the party can muster. Surely not." E91Waggin commented: "No one ever lost money underestimating the intelligence of the American public." DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast’s Naga Munchetty bonds with fan over ‘heartbreak’ [INSIGHT] Linda Robson addresses Pauline Quirke and Loose Women pals rift claim [COMMENT] Lord Sugar slams Piers Morgan for 'crowing without giving solution' [OPINION] John regularly takes to Twitter to call out Trump on his divisive rants. The Monty Python star took to Twitter last Tuesday to tell the businessman that he is "delusional" if he believes he strengthened NATO during his time as president. He wrote: "Trump's delusional statements about how he strengthened NATO are completely demolished by Steve Benen's piece on MSNBC." (sic) His comments followed a speech from Trump the night before where he claimed he was behind improving NATO.  In a statement he had said he had made “delinquent NATO members” start paying. He also claimed he sent Ukraine “Javelins” while other states sent “blankets”. However, during his time as president, he wavered on his commitment to Article 5 of the NATO charter. This states that one member state attack symbolises an attack on all member states, with his decisions causing ties with Europe to become strained.