Joseph Parker has sent a brutal response to fellow heavyweight rival Anthony Joshua, after the Englishman insisted that he believes he could ‘smoke’ his past opponent. Joshua and Parker last faced off in 2018, with the former just about prevailing after winning the fight in Cardiff via a unanimous decision. Four years on from the bout, Joshua looks to have reignited their rivalry after recently revealing that he would ‘smoke’ Parker, if the pair were to fight again. Unsurprisingly the Kiwi fighter responded to the Englishman’s claim, and offered Joshua to live up to his word and fight again. Speaking to Vegas Insider, Parker said: “I saw what Anthony Joshua has said. He is keen to fight me and smoke me? Come on, he couldn’t smoke me the first time. DON'T MISS: Caroline Dubois joins Express Sport for new Women in Sport series #SheCan “Back up what he’s saying then and let’s get on with it. Then let's see who gets smoked.” Despite AJ taking the win last time the two fighters met, Parker more than held his own in the fight and took the Englishman the distance when he was arguably in his fighting prime. And, the 30-year-old believes if he got another shot at Joshua now, the result this time around would be different. He continued: “The first fight in 2018 wasn’t exciting but it came down to us both. If we had a rematch it would be different. If not from him, definitely from me. READ MOREEddie Hearn reveals mocking text message from Tyson Fury after Dillian Whyte sell-outAmir Khan mulling over Kell Brook contract clause as rematch considered over retirementCaptured Russian soldier admits Putin U-turn after Usyk joined Ukraine war effort “I have been staying on track with training, practising what Andy Lee has been teaching me and I'm a lot more confident. Time to punch pr**** in the face and enjoy it. “With Andy in my corner and with the new training and newish style we have worked on, I’ll have a lot more confidence. “And I only see myself improving and getting better from now on.” The New Zealnder went on to explain that he had already made the first steps to organise a rematch, with his manager contacting AJ’s promoter Eddie Hearn.  Parked commented: “My manager David has reached out to Eddie and Frank about myself fighting Joshua. "I have texted Frank Smith and said I can fight Joshua if Usyk and Joshua don’t go ahead. It is unfinished business, “I feel. I feel I’m on the rise. But I can’t really comment whether he is or not. He is still at the top though."