Every houseplant differs with how much water they need. Having excess water accumulating in a plant saucer can cause multiple problems. If not removed on time, it can invite insects to nest and multiply. Additionally, pets will drink from it which can lead to indigestion and nausea. It also increases the soil salt content when the mineral water is soaked from the saucer. Houseplant experts and Flourishing Plants have explained the benefits of removing excess water from a plant saucer as well as the most efficient ways to do it without creating a mess. The experts said: “As much as saucers are beneficial for plants, old plant saucers can leave your plants sitting in nutrient waste and salt that can be soaked back by the plant soil. “The accumulation of salts in the soil will eventually end up on the pores of the roots, blocking the very mechanism by which the plant uses to absorb both water and nutrients. “Therefore, it is beneficial to your plants’ health that you remove excess water from the plant saucers. “Excess water in the saucer can cause the soil to remain moist for longer periods.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ The gardening experts shared the “easiest” method for removing excess water from plants. They said: “The easiest method for removing excess water from a plant pot is by using a turkey baster. “It works well when you have heavy pots that you just can move around and require just one simple instrument. “A turkey baster is used for removing water from plant saucers which are placed under larger pots that are difficult to lift.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains [INSIGHT]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT] They explained that using a turkey baster for removing the water from the saucer will work best for the hanging plants. The experts said: “So, if you have hanging plants, a turkey baster is your ultimate answer to how to remove excess water from the plant saucer.” Sponges can also be used to remove excess water and help avoid houseplants forming root rot. The indoor plant experts said: “This is the simplest and handiest method to remove excess water from a small plant saucer. “All you need to use is a sponge to remove the collected water in the plant saucer.” For this trick, gardeners will simply need to place the sponge in the plant saucer. This will absorb the water from it and then gardeners can remove the water from it into other containers. It is best to use a super absorbent sponge that does a great job in soaking up water from hard-to-reach places. The water collected in the plant saucer can also be removed by using the century-old method - tilting and draining the saucer directly into the sink. For those who have small pots, they can easily lift them up and pick the plant saucer and then drain it into the sink. This method is only useful for small plant pots which can easily be lifted. However, this method will surely not work for the hanging plant pots and larger pots.