Sky Sports viewers were treated to a commentary debut from Micah Richards during Arsenal's match against Leicester City at the Emirates Stadium on Sunday afternoon. The Gunners took an early lead through Thomas Partey's close-range header before the break to put themselves in the ascendancy in their battle to secure a much-needed victory and tighten their grip on the Premier League's top four. Those watching the match on Sky Sports would have been expecting to hear the usual commentary duo of Martin Tyler and Alan Smith when the two teams emerged from the tunnel to begin the second half. However, a slight technical hitch forced presenter David Jones to improvise by jokingly asking the pundits at his disposal to fill in until the problem was fixed. "Here's a situation we didn't expect to find ourselves in," said Jones. "One or two audio issues at the Emirates so who fancies it? Come on Micah, what have you got? Let's see if you can take the opportunity." Richards quickly assumed a makeshift commentary role and sparked plenty of laughter from the studio when he began to run the rule over proceedings. JUST IN: Arsenal 'hatch plan' to hijack Coutinho move despite Aston Villa pact "Is this my debut on co-comms? This is fantastic! Ramsdale on the ball," said Richards as the Arsenal goalkeeper sprayed a forward pass just seconds after the restart. Jones, who was in hysterics along with his Sky Sports colleagues, replied with: "After all that practice in the bedroom when you were little! "Well I used to do it, never actually had to do it for real!" Arsenal went on to double their lead through Alexandre Lacazette, who lashed home from the penalty spot after Caglar Soyuncu was deemed to have handled the ball inside the area. The commentary incident did not mark the first time that Gunners supporters have temporarily been left without audio since the beginning of the current season. Their goalless draw at Brighton and Hove Albion back in October was also hit with technical difficulties which saw Rob Hawthorne and Alan Smith muted during the early stages of the first half. Sky Sports went on to issue an on-screen apology for the glitch before the aforementioned pair returned after a few minutes. Hawthorne quickly apologised for the error before Smith joked: "I hope we still get paid the same, Rob!" FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE  Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Arsenal will be able to hold down a place in the Premier League's top four between now and the end of the campaign. The Gunners have enjoyed a stellar resurgence after an initially poor start to the season in which they found themselves languishing near the bottom of the table. They will face a tough test in downing Liverpool in their next outing on Wednesday evening before travelling north to face Aston Villa three days later. Arsenal currently sit fourth in the Premier League table ahead of fifth-placed Manchester United, who have played three extra games at this stage. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here