Pep Guardiola has warned Manchester City star Jack Grealish not to be a ‘stupid man’ as they prepare to face Manchester United. City host their fierce rivals on Sunday, hoping to pull away from Liverpool at the top of the Premier League. To claim the win, they will hope that Grealish finally begins to fire amid a mixed first campaign at the Etihad Stadium. The England international arrived at City in the summer transfer window in a blockbuster transfer move from Aston Villa. But he has found it difficult to live up to his British record fee of £100million since linking up with Guardiola’s star-filled team. Grealish has scored just four goals and notched only three assists in 28 appearances for City this campaign. He has struggled to hold down a regular place in Guardiola’s starting line-up amid those struggles to perform. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp sends message to Man City and makes Declan Rice admission He finally broke a long goal drought by scoring against Peterborough United in the FA Cup in midweek. Guardiola demanded after that game that Grealish shows him more, but warned the 26-year-old not to be too concerned by his paltry goals return. “I think he’s not frustrated but if he is frustrated, he is a stupid man. It’s not necessary to be frustrated after scoring a goal,” the City boss said. “You have to play good, do your best, that’s all. If you score a goal, good, if not, next game. Statistics, statistics, ‘I’m happy I’m good if I score 10 goals and after I am 20 points behind the leader’. DON'T MISS: Gary Lineker agrees with Guardiola over 'problem' with Jack Grealish (INSIGHT)Guardiola aims subtle dig at Man Utd when discussing five City rivals (NEWS)Pep Guardiola offers Liverpool view as he details talks with City side (ANALYSIS) “What’s important is to play good, help the team to win, and be part of something that we are in all together. “Of course I want to score 20 goals but it doesn't matter. [If you] play good, did everything, did your best, honestly after the game you go to take a shower and it’s enough.” And amid Grealish’s struggles to provide the firepower Guardiola is searching for, the City boss also admitted that he believes his side need to sign a striker in the summer transfer window. “We need a striker, I think the club is going to try, it hasn’t happened but in the end we adapt,” Guardiola said. “We adapt to the players and never complain; they are too good for me, I admire them and I like to work with them. “If we have a striker, we play in a different way but if you don’t have it you have to adapt with the quality that we have. “If you don’t have one you have to play in a completely different way to United, Southampton, Liverpool, because they play another philosophy. “In England, we are a little bit like an exception for that. We have to play in this way, otherwise they are better.”