The Royal Family paid tribute to the late Prince Philip at a memorial held at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. Queen Elizabeth II attended after speculation as to whether her ongoing health problems would prevent her from joining. One family member who was not in attendance was the Duke's grandson Prince Harry who was blasted by royal expert Angela Levin on Wednesday's instalment of GB News for missing the service. Addressing Prince Harry missing out on the memorial, host Eamonn Holmes said: "He could have used his own security, though not armed, or he could have used his father's or his brother's security as well and they apparently were very happy to embrace him." Angela replied: "He knows very well he can't have all the details of MI5 and MI6 anymore because he's stepped back from being a working royal, but this is what he wants and this is why he is taking the Home Office to court." The expert then explained to GB News viewers the other reason she believed Harry missed the service. She claimed: "I think there is another reason why and that is he doesn't want to come here without a Netflix gang of photographers and people there because he needs to make another documentary." READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Angela continued: "They have lots of money and they haven't really done anything. "Meghan [Markle] is doing something in the summer, but he's got to [do something]. "And I think that's what it is, he wants to have that as an excuse so he can go round everywhere and do all these things. "But you can't have your royal cake and eat it I'm afraid."  Neither the Duke nor the Duchess of Sussex released any statement ahead of the Duke's memorial service. It is understood the reason Harry chose not to attend was his security concerns for his family, which have led him to launch a case against the Home Office. Angela also spoke to Sky News earlier this week about the Duke of Cambridge's statement about the future governance of Commonwealth nations. Prince William released the statement after concluding he and his wife Kate’s eight-day Caribbean royal tour.  DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford blasts Eamonn Holmes for 'treating her like a child' [LATEST]'He will live off this' Eamonn Holmes comments on Will Smith incident [INTERVIEW]GB News: Queen made 'dangerous decision' leaning on disgraced Andrew a [UPDATE] He said the trip had brought into sharper focus “questions about the past and the future”. He added: “Catherine and I are committed to service. For us, that’s not telling people what to do. "It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have." Angela claimed William's comment about "not telling people what to do" was a “dig” at his brother, who has vocally campaigned for several causes since quitting royal duties.  Speaking on Sky News, the author said: "I think he’s right, I think that worked very well to say what he felt without telling people what to do - which I thought was also a dig at his brother." Prince Harry, 37, resides in the US with his wife Meghan and their two children Archie and Lilibet. The couple quit as working members of the royal family in January 2020. GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel on weekdays from 6am. 