Currently, Euphoria is the second most watched show in HBO history, with only Game of Thrones standing in its way of the top spot. Within the series, Zendaya plays Rue Bennett, a 17-year-old drug addict and the narrator of the series. Since its debut back in June 2019 the show has received overwhelmingly positive reviews, with the hard-hitting and heartbreaking scenes that depict the effects of drugs and addiction delivered immaculately by Zendaya and her castmates. Tackling these tough subjects, off-screen the star prioritises her mental health to ensure that she can keep at the top of her acting game.  In an interview with British Vogue back in September 2021, with no hesitation Zendaya said: “Of course I go to therapy. “I mean, if anybody is able to possess the financial means to go to therapy, I would recommend they do that. I think it's a beautiful thing. “There's nothing wrong with working on yourself and dealing with those things with someone who can help you, someone who can talk to you, who's not your mum or whatever, who has no bias.” Going to therapy became vitally important for the star when the COVID-19 pandemic swept across the world, as it was this that affected both her mental health and her happiness.  READ MORE: Paracetamol side effects: Warning toilet signs signalling to ‘stop using the medication' Zendaya said: “Even though Euphoria coming out was amazing and exciting, it was also extremely stressful. It gave me a lot of anxiety every week. “That’s something I deal with; I have anxiety. I already know after this interview is over, I’m going to spiral about it for weeks.” When trying to decide on the root cause of her anxieties, the Spiderman actress cited the high expectations she sets for herself. “I think a lot of it stems from the pressure I put on myself, wanting to do my best and not make a mistake. I definitely don't have it under control yet," she told InStyle in September 2020.  Admitting that she doesn’t have “the key” to controlling her anxious feelings, the star has found that “talking about it is helpful, and that can often mean calling my mum in the middle of the night". The NHS explains that anxiety is a feeling of unease, such as worry or fear. Although everyone experiences some form of anxiety during their lifetime, when anxious feelings start to affect your daily life it can become a problem. For a person with an anxiety disorder, the anxiety does not go away and can get worse over time. The symptoms can interfere with daily activities such as job performance, school work, and relationships. There are several types of anxiety disorders, including generalised anxiety disorder (GAD), panic disorder, and various phobia-related disorders. The National Institute of Mental Health explains that individuals with GAD display excessive anxiety or worry, most days for at least six months, about a number of things. Common symptoms of the condition include the following:  As soon as one anxious thought is resolved, another may appear about a completely different issue, and the anxiety starts again. The exact cause of GAD is not fully understood, although it's likely that a combination of several factors plays a role. Research has suggested that these may include: Affecting an estimated five percent of the UK population, it is important to reach out to a medical professional if you or someone you know is experiencing any of the above symptoms for a prolonged period of time. Talking therapy is a commonly used and widely successful treatment for GAD. One of the most popular methods is cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) which helps individuals to manage their problems and change the way they think and behave. With the help of a therapist, individuals are shown how to change negative patterns to improve the way they feel. It is often recommended to have sessions once a week or once every two weeks, lasting up to 30 or 60 minutes each. Some of the advantages of CBT include: 