  Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid has opened up about her feelings surrounding the death of Jamal Edwards. Jamal, who was the son of Loose Women’s Brenda Edwards, died last month aged just 31 years old.      Susanna, 51, was interviewed for an International Women’s Day photoshoot with Fabulous Magazine on the day after news of Jamal Edwards’ death broke. The star spoke on the topic of sisterhood, and voiced concern over her ITV colleague Brenda Edwards, 53, who had just lost her son. Susanna told the publication: “I didn’t sleep when I heard the news. “I tossed and turned all night. It’s just a terrible loss. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     “We all know Brenda through our work at ITV Daytime and love her.” The journalist went on to admit that her Good Morning Britain colleague Kate Garraway was also in her thoughts, as her husband Derek Draper continues to struggle with the life-altering effects of catching COVID-19 two years ago. “We’re very close emotionally and we keep in touch all the time,” Susanna said. “Particularly we all bonded and we’re protective around Kate – that’s really important. People have done what they can for her.      “I’ve sent gifts and presents and all sorts of things. I’ve thought – especially in those hardest days – ‘What would she need?’ We’ve all tried to do that.” Susanna went on to insist that she did not recognise any “tension” or “bitchiness” on her programme, branding her team a “sisterhood”. Brenda’s son Jamal, who was best known as the founder of film production company, SBTV, died unexpectedly a couple of weeks ago. Jamal’s music platform helped launch the careers of artists including Ed Sheeran, Jessie J and Dave. READ MORE... BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [INSIGHT] Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [LATEST]      He was also awarded an MBE in the New Year's Honours list in 2014 for his services to music. Jamal’s heartbroken mum Brenda released a statement at the time, which read: “It is with the deepest heartache that I confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. “Myself, his sister Tanisha and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world.” She continued: "As we come to terms with his passing, we ask for privacy to grieve this unimaginable loss.      "I would like to thank everyone for their messages of love and support. Jamal was an inspiration to myself and so many. "Our love for him lives on, his legacy lives on. Long live Jamal Edwards MBE, MBA, PHD.," it ended. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Loose Women also airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.   