Latesha Banton said she first saw mould on her living room walls within a week of moving into the cramped apartment. Ms Banton lives in an apartment in Wandsworth with her three children. The family has been sleeping on a sofa bed for months. This is because the mould infestation in her property has gotten so bad it has destroyed and rotted her children's bedding and furniture. The mother said the mould started to appear on her living room walls within a week of first moving into her Wandsworth Council flat. She first moved in three years ago. Ms Banton said that despite informing the council about the ongoing issue, no amount of mould wash and anti-mould paint will make the problem go away. She said that each time she attempts to remove the mould, it just "grows back again". The mum, who shares a sofa-bed with her three sons, aged five, two and four months, says her eldest child falls asleep in school because of the current sleeping arrangements.  She said that they have slept like this since September 2021. The mother of three has stated how her other two children have both developed eczema at just a couple of months old. Latesha believes the black mould in her home irritates and causes it to flare up even more. Mr Banton spoke to MyLondon and said: "It doesn't matter how much I cream their skin, I do it all day every day but the eczema just doesn't seem to go away." He said that her already overcrowded home means her only bedroom is out of use because the mould has turned her walls black and destroyed her curtains in the process. The new living situation has played a toll on her own physical and mental health too, as she suffers badly with arthritis. DON'T MISS: Britain to turn white as 4 inches of snow bomb to hit by next week [LATEST] Meghan Markle warned by Royal chef she would have to pay for her meal [REVEALED] Ukraine war: Drone carrying bomb crashes into Croatian capital [REPORT]  She said: "I shouldn't even be sleeping on the sofa bed, my bones are eroding. "I suffer from arthritis which affects my hip bones. "I'm going to have injections in my back, but the council don't take any of this into consideration or the effect it has on your mental health. "They just think, 'you've got a home and you should just be happy with whatever we put you in.'" A spokesperson for Wandsworth Council said: "We are aware of the problems this tenant is experiencing and are in contact with her to arrange for works to be carried out that we believe will help to resolve this issue. We are committed to taking action to help improve the situation." 