The Pensions Lifetime Allowance (LTA) - which, if breached, sees your effective rate of income tax soar - has been labelled the UK's most brutal tax. It has also been called "terrific", "punitive", "unfair" and impossible to understand". Already 1.6 million have breached the LTA and experts claim this is on course to rocket past two million due to Sunak's recent five-year freeze. If you get caught, you will pay a staggering 55 percent of your pension to HM Revenue & Customs. Millions assume they are safe because this tax was originally aimed at the super-wealthy, but that's no longer the case. Many ordinary savers may be much closer to breaching the pension lifetime allowance (LTA) than they ever imagined. If they do, the cost will be massive, a top pension expert is warning. The lifetime allowance (LTA) is the maximum you can build up in total workplace and personal pension benefits over your entire lifetime without incurring a tax charge, says Jon Greer, head of retirement policy at wealth manager Quilter. It used to be set at a massive £1.8 million, but successive chancellors have slashed it back to today's £1,073,100. Then in his Budget last March, Chancellor Rishi Sunak's froze the LTA at that level for five years, until the 2025/26 tax year. That will steadily suck more people into the net, as stock markets and pension values rise. If a saver exceeds the pension lifetime allowance, any wealth above that threshold will be subject to a tax charge of 55 percent if taken as a lump sum. That is the highest tax charge in the UK. The lifetime allowance falls to 25 percent if you take pension as income, but that may not help you at all. That's because savers may also pay income tax on top. For 40 percent income taxpayers, the bill still adds up to 55 percent. Either way, HMRC gets you. READ MORE: New warning on Sunak’s horror 55% pension tax grab - worse from April Greer says that while a £1 million pension pot may seem substantial, a surprising number of savers may end up breaching the lifetime allowance. “This is all down to the power of compound interest, which means the LTA is easier to hit than many people think,” Greer says. A pension saver with £415,577 who is 30 years from retirement will burst through the lifetime allowance, if their savings grow at an average rate five percent a year after charges. If they and their employer continue to make regular contributions to the pension – and in most cases they will – they will hit the LTA even sooner. Someone with £555,271 who is 20 years from retirement could also smash through the lifetime allowance and pay this punitive levy, again, assuming growth of five percent a year. DON'T MISS:‘Bombs fall, stock markets rise’ - the grim truth about investing a... [ANALYSIS]Pensioner drawdown double whammy – inflation and crash threat [WARNING]Pensioners get 20% more income for life GUARANTEED from annuities [LATEST] A saver who is just five years from retirement and has £857,648 in total pension may also get hit. The more they or their employer pay into a pension, the sooner they will exceed the LTA and have HMRC on their case. Greer said: "If you believe you are at risk of hitting the LTA, you need to have a solid plan of action.” Options include saving in an Isa rather than a defined contribution workplace or personal pension, or redirecting contributions into a spouse's pension. "If possible, seek finance advice to ensure you are making the best possible decisions for your personal circumstances," Greer said. Incredibly, this cruel tax charge is aimed at people who have done exactly what government after government has been urging people to do, which is save for retirement to reduce the burden on the state. As we wrote before, it's lose-lose for everybody. It's time for Chancellor Rishi Sunak to have a rethink. Until he does, check whether you are in danger of breaching the lifetime allowance and if so, take action now. 