Samsung Bespoke Jet is a feature-packed cordless vacuum that has some clever tricks that you won't find on its closest rival, the lineup from British brand Dyson. First up, you won't need to worry about emptying the dust bin manually. Instead, the Bespoke Jet arrives with an All-in-One Clean Station cradle, which charges and cleans the vacuum when it's not in-use. It can also hold the accessories, like the crevice tool and jet brush. The Bespoke Jet packs battery life of up to one-hour between charges. Samsung will sell a Bespoke Jet Pro Extra that arrives with two batteries, so that you can swap-out to a fully-charged back-up battery during a clean without any downtime. Unfortunately, there's no word on exact price for the Samsung Bespoke Jet yet, but despite that, the South Korean company is already offering a £200 discount to anyone who registers their details on the Samsung Store. Those who register will be amongst the first to hear about the arrival of the Bespoke Jet range (and will be able to get a huge price cut). You can put down your name and email address here to unlock the discount just in case. Samsung says the advanced filtration system will trap 99.999% of fine dust to "boost your air quality". The lightweight cordless vacuum cleaner packs suction power of up to 210W. That's a little less than the suction power of the Dyson V15 Detect, which boasts 230W and up to 240W in boost mode. However, the Bespoke Jet has a dedicated attachment to transform the vacuum into a mop. Dubbed Spray Spinning Sweeper, this provides a jet of water to help clean-up any spills. If you have cats and dogs, the optional Pet Tool’s brush attachment is another way to take the hassle out of cleaning pet fur. A rubber nozzle combined with bristles helps to pick up even thin, easy-to-miss pet hair from around the house. Speaking about its new vacuum, Hyesoon Yang, Executive Vice President and Head of Customer Experience of the Digital Appliances Business at Samsung Electronics said: "Cleanliness is now top of mind for consumers across the world, so we wanted to create a product that delivers more convenient and powerful features to keep users’ homes tidy to the end of cleaning. The Samsung Bespoke Jet not only delivers the power and performance needed to keep your floors clean, its beautiful design can also fit seamlessly into any room in your home."