In an episode of Antiques Road Trip, experts Izzie Balmer and Tim Medhurst went head to head to see who could come out on top. Continuing their road trip around Wales in a classic car, the duo competed to see who had the best eye for antiques, with Tim piping Izzie to the post with the most profit made from his unusual item. Izzie entered this episode with more money in her piggy bank but couldn't catch a break, having multiple losses on her finds. However, Tim managed to go from profit to profit with his items. The most peculiar being his cotton display case that he purchased for an impressively low £20. Sat with his antique co-star as the item went to auction, he said: "I'm hoping this makes £100 or so." Read More: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn at big events Recovering from a series of knocks, she replied: "Well, I hope it does that for you. "Even more. I hope it exceeds your expectations..." To both of their amazement, the auctioneer started the bidding at £100, which prompted Izzie to chime in: "He likes it. That's a good sign." With the item securing that amount easily, Tim gasped and let out an excited "Straight in at 100!" The cotton case continued to climb in price, hitting £120 and £130 and just as the expert said "wow" it clocked £160. Both happy for him and annoyed, she added: "Well, it's already above your estimate." It continued to bank more money, and when it reached the £200s, Tim let out a childish "ha-ha" which his losing co-star caught: "Look at your face". The item started to slow and settled on an outstanding £300. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns as Marlon Dingle discovers he has another child? [SPOILERS]The Last Kingdom’s Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon celebrates milestone ‘Congratulations’[LATEST]Jason Manford’s appearance leaves Starstruck viewers distracted ‘Looks ridiculous’ [LATEST] Tim couldn't "believe" his luck, mildly taunting his counterpart, he said: "Is that a £280 profit? Yes." Batting it back, she mocked him: "Sorry? I didn't quite hear that." Izzie began the episode with £870 from her previous wins but in this episode ran at a loss. She had a bad auction day losing almost £100, taking her down to £770.14. Tim started this part of the leg with just over £290, and after auction fees were subtracted, he took home an overall massive £1,557.26, even the voice over said they were "gobsmacked".  Recounting his victory at the end of the show, he concluded: "Well, that was an auction of some mega highs and pretty low lows. Izzie added: "I've got to take my hat off to you. You've done amazingly well." "Can't wait to see what we can pick up next, can you?" Tim said as the pair got on their merry way for the next episode. Antiques Road Trip is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 