NATO members will choose a new leader in June this year. Current Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg will come to the end of his second term in September. Diplomats have been calling for a woman to replace Mr Stoltenberg, with French daily Les Echos reporting six top female contenders ready to take the job. Among them is former UK Prime Minister Theresa May. But according to the French newspaper, France would veto a decision to allow Mrs May to get the top international job, over Britain's military alliance with Australia and the US (AUKUS). France was left angered last year over Canberra's decision to join the security alliance with the UK and the US over a lucrative submarine deal with Paris. The move sparked a diplomatic row between French President Emmanuel Macron and his Australian counterpart Scott Morrison. Mr Macron said the Australian leader had lied to him about his intentions to join the alliance. The alliance, dubbed AUKUS, which could give Australia access to nuclear-powered submarines, caught Paris off guard, prompting it to recall ambassadors from Washington and Canberra amid accusations that France had been betrayed. "I don't think, I know," Mr Macron said in response to a question whether he thought that Mr Morrison had lied to him. READ MORE: Russian troops blighted by frostbite in invasion of Ukraine  Responding to the accusation, Mr Morrison hit back saying he would not allow "slurs" against his country from the French leader. He said: “I think the statements that were made questioning Australia’s integrity and the slurs that have been placed on Australia — not me, I’ve got broad shoulders. "I can deal with that. "But those slurs, I’m not going to cop sledging at Australia.” DON'T MISS:Putin's mouthpiece refuses to rule out direct nuclear strike on Europe [INSIGHT]Putin's 'lover' could hold key to ending war – friends beg mystery [VIDEO]Sturgeon slammed over refusing chance to 'replace Putin' [ANALYSIS] Mr Morrison told a media conference that he had not lied, and had previously explained to Mr Macron that conventional submarines would no longer meet Australia's needs. France has said Australia did not attempt to inform it of the cancellation until the day Canberra announced its deal with the United States and Britain. Haydon Manning, a political science professor at Flinders University in South Australia, said: “There is no doubt Mr Morrison needed to put his front foot forward and convince Australians and allies that he wasn't being duplicitous and lying, but there was grave concern that the project would not be completed.” The row also sparked a decision by the EU to postpone talks on a potential free trade deal between Australia and the bloc.