Homerton University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust issued the list of "values" to staff, which was picked up on by NHS England director Professor Partha Kar on Twitter. He also shared a poster which said: "English is the only language to be spoken in the ward area - this includes the kitchen. Disciplinary action will be taken against staff who do not comply, including agency and bank."  Homerton University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust said the values were "drawn up following extensive engagement with staff, patients and other stakeholders". A spokesperson said they were created eight years ago, and the Trust was reviewing them currently. But the Trust said it couldn't find any evidence the poster "is or was ever present on our property". Questioning the policy this week Prof Kar asked the Trust: "Can I check whether this below document is still live or updated? "I will only communicate in English in the presence of others" - is that an NHS policy? "Would appreciate feedback."  According to Prof Kar, the hospital has apologised and given a "kind response" to his query. Addressing the rules on Twitter, one critic said: "What’s needed here is mutual respect amongst colleagues. "Agree with Partha - it shouldn’t be a policy to stop people speaking in their language. "When you go to work you take your whole self & someone telling you, you need to leave a part of you behind or else! That’s NOT OKAY." One added: "This is horrific. "I can't imagine being denied the intrinsic comfort of speaking my own language - it is a fundamental part of who we are. "The NHS should and must be better than that." Another commenter said: "There should be no false equivalence here. "Clinical communication must be in English "Communication between colleagues should include all colleagues present. "Staff in a non-clinical area with a common language should be able to talk in whatever tongue without risking disciplinary."  A spokesperson for Homerton University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust said: "Our Trust values were drawn up following extensive engagement with staff, patients and other stakeholders. "We ask staff to communicate in English in the presence of others. This is to ensure that we are inclusive of everyone and in many situations to ensure safety and clarity. "Our commitment is part of respecting other colleagues and patients by including them in conversations taking place in the workplace. This is one of over 50 commitments made in the values to promote inclusion and respect. They are not rules or policies. "We have investigated the poster used on Twitter and cannot find any evidence that it is or was ever present on our property. "Our values are eight years old and we are currently engaging with staff and patients to draw up new values and behaviours." 