Scientists have discovered a planet made of ice, dust and gas 444 light-years away containing a complex organic molecule that could lead to life. Dimethyl ether is a chemical that is a key building block of life, as it is responsible for turning into prebiotics such as amino acids and sugars. The groundbreaking discovery is the first of its kind, sparking hope there is life beyond our blue planet.  Co-author Dr Nienke van der Marel, of Leiden Observatory, said: "Dimethyl ether is the largest molecule ever detected in a planet-forming disc. "It has been seen before in the cold clouds in which stars are forming, but not yet in an environment where planets are forming. "This means that such molecules may end up on the planets directly as they form. "The molecule is particularly important as it is a 'complex organic molecule', which is the starting point of large molecules that are the building blocks of life through further chemical reactions."  The compound was discovered around the young star IRS 48 - located in the southern sky in the constellation Ophiuchus. It has been the focus of numerous studies because the disc contains an asymmetric, cashew-nut-shaped "dust trap". Lead author Nashanty Brunken, a master's student, said: "From these results, we can learn more about the origin of life on our planet and therefore get a better idea of the potential for life in other planetary systems. "It is very exciting to see how these findings fit into the bigger picture."  READ MORE: UFO crash site? Mysterious 'winged craft' uncovered in Antarctica Scientists have previously detected dimethyl in star-forming clouds - but never before in a proto-planetary disc. Fledgling worlds can arise out of the rotating balls that develop around a new born sun. With nine atoms, the chemical is the largest complex organic molecule (COM) identified in such a disc to date. It sheds fresh light in how they are incorporated into planets - including our own. DON'T MISS: Putin outsmarted as UK can avoid energy crisis with four gas reserves [ANALYSIS] Putin sparks panic with export ban impacting electronics [REVEAL] Macron's huge bust-up with Scholz threatens Russia sanctions [INSIGHT] The Dutch team used ALMA (Atacama Large Millimetre/submillimetre Array) in Chile – the largest radio telescope in the world. Co author Dr Alice Booth said: "It is really exciting to finally detect these larger molecules in discs. For a while, we thought it might not be possible to observe them." They only become detectable when heating from IRS 48 causes the ice to turn from a solid to a gas, freeing them. Dr Booth said: "What makes this even more exciting is that we now know these larger complex molecules are available to feed forming planets in the disc. READ MORE: Egypt mystery blown open over King Tut's ‘outer space' dagger