A judge said “simple humanity” lead him to the decision not to send Olga Khomenko to prison. The decision was made so she can find her daughter in the war-torn Kyiv region. The court heard how Ukrainian Khomenko took her daughter to Ukraine in 2017 in breach of a court order.  The 37-year-old admitted child abduction at St Albans Crown Court. Tearful Khomenko was given a suspended sentence for taking the child out of the UK five years ago. The court heard the girl is currently living in the region of the Ukrainian capital with her grandmother. Ms Khomenko said her daughter “can hear the bombs raining down”.   The judge was told the daughter and her grandmother tried to escape Kyiv by train. However, their attempt was thwarted when the railway station was bombed. The pair were then turned back by Ukrainian soldiers. Ms Khomenko was last week granted 72 hours bail by the court to travel to Ukraine but only made it as far as the Polish border. READ MORE: Britons demand we accept Ukraine refugees - should they house them?  She then had to turn back to adhere to the time limit imposed upon her - and was desperate to be sentenced quickly in the hope of getting back her passport to make another attempt. On Friday, Judge Michael Kay said “I wish her every success” after handing down the sentence. He said: “This court is in an impossible situation. "I cannot begin to understand what the situation is on the ground in the Kyiv region. "I imagine the system has broken down in terms of authority and the enforcement of the rule of law. "It is a desperate situation, only truly desperate measures can be taken. DON'T MISS:Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin's war escalates - Belarus 'to join TONIGHT'Charles will be ‘more fulfilled King’ with future Queen Camilla Nicola Sturgeon lambasted over Ukraine no-fly zone comment  “I have never known a sentencing exercise in which the issue of saving a child in a foreign country has been a factor. "It’s a decision that I would be amazed if any crown court has made before. "These are extraordinary times. “The criminal justice system has to have humanity.” The judge added that he was aware of the arguments put forward by the prosecution. However, he said that “simple humanity informs me that the only appropriate sentence is one of two years imprisonment which will be suspended for two years”. It was heard in court how the mother had divorced her husband in 2015 after an allegedly abusive marriage which caused her to stay in women’s shelters on a number of occasions. Ahead of the sentencing, Stephen Vello QC, defending, pleaded with the judge to pass the suspended sentence. He said: “In short, this defendant is the daughter’s best chance of escaping the war zone and if she fails to escape the war zone, I hope it isn’t in any way over exaggerating that, the daughter’s life may or may not continue to exist for the months hence. It really is that important.” 