The Rookie is ABC’s beloved procedural comedy-drama which followed the life of a 40-year-old rookie John Nolan (played by Nathan Fillion) pursuing his dream of becoming a police officer. Its latest episode titled ‘Long Shot’ aired on Sunday and it received tons of backlash after viewers were left complaining about a voiceover over a particular scene.  Ahead of the most recent episode of The Rookie, ABC had released a synopsis which read: “Officers Nolan and Harper help Skip Tracer Randy on his first bounty hunter case. “Meanwhile, Officer Chen and Sergeant Bradford are on the hunt for a perpetrator on a citywide crime spree.” Those who watched the instalment saw Skip Tracer Randy’s (Flula Borg) first day not go as planned. He realised he wasn’t cut out for bounty hunting after he got shot twice and ended up locking himself in a coffin.  READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Whereas, Officer Chen (Melissa O’Neil) and Sergent Bradford (Tim West) were on the hunt for a woman on a motorcycle after they arrived on the scene of a vehicle explosion. Nolan and Harper's (Mekia Cox) assistance on Randy’s hunt also provided viewers with an insight into sex work and the system built against it. They went after Ivy Flynn (Erin Cummings) a sex worker turned madam who was wanted with a bail of $250K. Her bail was set so high as prosecutors hoped she would provide information about the high-rolling clients she had in her Blackbook.  However, despite the chaos which ensued it was a shoot-out scene which left fans complaining about the episode on social media. When they had found Ivy and put her in a motel, things escalated again with Alicia Kaufmann’s (Meera Rohit Kumbhani) arrival, who pretended to be room service. After Randy answered the door he was shot in the chest, which led to the most intense shootout scene in the episode. With Harper and Nolan taking over with their weapons, it was this scene where fans noticed the strange voiceover which they complained about on the show’s recent Instagram post  DON'T MISS...Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [NEWS]The Rookie's Rachel Hall star lands major new role away from ABC drama [INSIGHT]The Rookie spin-off: Will Simone Clark be focus of new series? [INSIGHT] Waitheramugo wrote: “The voice over! why would you need to narrate a shooting scene?” _andrewv97 added: “ Love this serie, guyss please dont do the voice description again please, but amazing episode (sic).” Peter.english2 commented: “Please don’t the narration thing again, it really annoyed me.” Wendy Hyslop agreed: “I did not hear a voiceover but the episode was very silly. I usually love this show but this was torture.”  However, other fans were left confused at the complaints after they remarked about not hearing a voiceover. Mel Barratt commented: “What is this voice over I am seeing comments about. Watched on Hulu this morning - no voice over. What did I miss?” Zeina Hammoud responded: “@mel_barretttt Same here! I didn’t hear any voice over so I was confused after reading the comments!” The show’s bosses have yet to respond to fans about the mysterious voiceover to ease viewers' confusion. The Rookie season four is available on ABC in the USA and is available on Sky Premiere in the UK. 