Tim Shaw, host of TV series CAR SOS has also warned owners of classic cars should not be too worried about EV conversions. Instead, drivers should see electric cars and petrol models as “different forms of transport”. It comes after the demand for electric classic car conversion is booming. This involves taking out a car’s internal combustion engine and swapping it out for a new electric battery. The industry has only built up over the past three to four years but already firms are seeing mass demand with some offering conversions for over £500,000 for some iconic rebuilds. This series of Car SOS celebrates the new industry with the team’s first-ever classic car to EV restoration. READ MORE: How classic car owners could increase their vehicle value by £100,000 Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Shaw said: “What Fuzz and I both learned from this electric conversion is, and this is what the classic car owners need to do themselves, don't be threatened by EVs. “Don't be threatened by EV conversions. “In the same way the skies are shared by helicopters and aeroplanes, EVs and regular petrol cars are totally different forms of transport. “You shouldn't start comparing them. Just see them as different as a motorcycle is to a car. DON'T MISSClassic Mini runs on 10 times more power after EV conversion [PICS]Classic car restorers convert petrol and diesel models to EVs in new series [INSIGHT]E-fuels instead of electrification could be a ‘lifeline’ for classics [COMMENT] "If you see it as an alternative as opposed to an instead of, you'll accept them and enjoy it as a form of transport. “That's what people need to do… have fun with them. “If you can say ‘let me get in this car and see if it put a smile on my face’ and you're not seeing it as a replacement, it will put a smile on your face. “EVs are exciting cars to drive.” When speaking to Express.co.uk last year, conversion specialists Electrogenic warned small scale conversions would set drivers back thousands. They said conversions start between £25,000 and £30,000 but this can of course rise. However, new research from EV builders RBW warn drivers could add up to £100,000 to the value of their car. They took a £5,000 MG MGB Roadster and increased its value by 2,000 percent to around £108,000. CAR SOS host Fuzz Townshend also praised EV conversions, warning many models selected for the work may not have been restored at all. He told Express.co.uk: “Converting classics to electric propulsion is great in a lot of ways. “Normally when it happens, it happens to vehicles that wouldn't otherwise have been used. “They wouldn't have otherwise got restored, that happens a lot. “I see that as an alternative rather than a replacement."