A mum from Somerset has spoken about how she has taken on an extra sideline which, not only helps her pay the bills, but is also a whole lot of fun. She told Express.co.uk that it’s a great way to enjoy the warmer months and she would “absolutely” recommend it to anyone. Emily Kay Goodman has been going to gigs and festivals for years but what’s unusual about her story is that she rarely has to splash out hundreds of pounds for a ticket. The mum works as a narrative strategist during the day running her website emilykaygoodman.com but at night she swaps her laptop for her cocktail shaker and makes money from her bartending skills. She saves £50 to £300 per concert or festival ticket and prefers going to a festival this way. Not only has this saved thousands of pounds over the years on tickets, but it’s also allowed her to earn money on the side. READ MORE: National Insurance scam - Britons warned 'assume it's dodgy' Emily said: “I think the first gig was Bowie at the Royal Albert Hall in around 2001 or 2002. “I did Bestival and Goodwood Revival several times. “I bartended Mark Owen's wedding at Cawdor Castle in 2009 - that was a lot of fun! “There's loads of camaraderie amongst the workers.” DON'T MISS:Nationwide offers 2.5% interest on savings but for a ‘limited time’ [INSIGHT]State pensioners could get £3,000 annual boost - and sum is rising [UPDATE)State pension amount: Check your sum and whether you can increase it [ANLAYSIS] She continued: “You get to see the bands warming up if you get there on time. “If you really want to see someone, like a band for example, the event supervisor can arrange to cover you. “It's like camping with your mates, free music everywhere, doing a job that introduces you to nice people with free accommodation and travel. “Then you come home with loads of dosh!” As the festival season draws nearer, many people will be hoping to spend a few days in a field this summer at the likes of Glastonbury, Reading or Bestival. If people decide to go down this route they could also save a fortune while they are there. Staff often get free food tokens and tea and coffee while working on shift. Charitable organisations like My Cause and Oxfam can offer free entry in return for a few hours work. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea On its website MyCause states: “The role you take on depends on the needs of the festival. “This can include stewarding stages, campsites and car parks, running festival eco-bonds, staffing gates, checking tickets and wrist-banding. “Make sure you check the festival you’re interested in to see the specific role you’ll be doing. “You simply pay a refundable deposit which covers you for as many festivals as you wish to volunteer at.” Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately we cannot respond to every email. 