The Chase star Jenny Ryan has taken to Twitter to hit back at criticism she received after appearing on the show. The formidable Chaser, also known as The Vixen, hit back at claims that she had been "patronising, sarcastic and rude" to contestants, before questioning whether the social media user would have put the sexist comments to one of her male colleagues. In view of her 108,100 followers, the flame-haired star, 39, posted criticism she had received on the micro-blogging site from a viewer of the quiz show. She wrote: "Well, isn't it great that my job isn't to be attractive?" (sic) Alongside the captio, Jenny had also shared a rude tweet. Tagging her, it read: "@jenlion being patronising, sarcastic and rude to the contestants on The Chase is not an attractive feature." READ MORE: Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock Continuing her thread, Jenny wrote: "At least, not to be attractive to this guy." She went on in a new tweet: "In seriousness, would the [original poster] tweet this to any of my male colleagues? "It's infuriating that in 2022 CE I'm still being primarily judged on whether some random man on the internet wants to bang me (based on some Victorian ideal of the meek and mild woman, apparently) rather than how good I am at my job. "Side note: I'm rarely patronising, let alone sarcastic or rude to the contestants," she ended her thread. However, Twitter user @playpictorial claimed that the show's host Bradley Walsh "always comments" about Jenny's looks. They replied to her: "Why then does Brad always comment about your looks in the intro whilst the Menace his intelligence, that said we enjoy watching your performance and positive comments to the contestants." Addressing the claims, Jenny was quick to shoot them down. She hit back: "He doesn't comment on my looks. He comments on my temperature." DON'T MISS... Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [INSIGHT]Katya Jones denies reports of rift between ex-Soviet Strictly co-stars [ANALYSIS]Carol Vorderman issues distressing warning over online abuse [UPDATE] Jenny's comments come after she furiously responded to critics of The Chase’s first ever all-women panel in aid of International Women’s Day earlier this month. While Jenny said she was delighted to be involved in the first all-female show, she assured contestants Leanne, Donna, Payal and Abigail, that “sisterhood” wouldn’t stop her giving them a good competition. Despite many viewers applauding the all-female version of the show, some took issue with the format and wondered when there will be an “all-male” version of the show. Joanna tweeted: “Will you do an all-male show? I’m a believer in equality and fairness. Fed up with hearing the words sisterhood and girl power!” @BR825 fumed: “Just seen four women on The Chase. Imagine the outrage if that was the other way around. Equality has gone too far.” And Michael said: “So pleased I missed it.” Taking no prisoners, Jenny retaliated by simply telling critics to: “Get a grip.” Referencing the female line up, host Bradley Walsh said as he opened the show: "This is great, this is really good. Something's going on here though, isn't it?"