The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA) said the basic pay for parliamentarians would increase from £81,932 to £84,144 from April 1 2022. The 2.7 percent increase is in line with the average rise in pay for public sector employees last year. It will come into place at the exact same time hard-working Britons are slapped with a 1.25 percentage points increase in national insurance contributions. It means that someone earning £20,000 a year will be asked to pay an extra £130 in tax, while someone with a salary of £50,00 will pay an extra £505. At the same time, households will be hit with a surge in energy bill costs as the price cap increases by £693 from next month. Council tax rates across the UK are also being hiked up. READ MORE: British motorists furious over new car tax rules The pay rise has sparked outrage from the TaxPayers’ Alliance who accused the increase of being "unseemly". John O’Connell, the think tank's chief executive, said: "Working households will be furious to see MPs' pay go up while they face crippling tax hikes. "The current system of pegging politicians’ salaries to public sector pay only leads to rows over unpopular and unseemly rises. "Elected officials should show restraint and only accept rises when economic conditions allow." The increase in salary comes after No10 urged IPSA to consider the "current circumstances" when making a decision about pay rises. The Prime Minister's spokesman said: "I would say that would we would expect restraint on matters like this given current circumstances but beyond that I think it is right that we let IPSA set out the proposals as an independent body." READ MORE: Pension warning as Britons ‘dragged’ into 55% 'stealth' tax IPSA was set up to set the level of MPs' pay in the wake of the 2009 expenses scandal. Having an independent body determine pay was meant to help remove accusations politicians were unfairly increasing their own pay. However, MPs now do not have a say over their salary and cannot turn down the increase. DON'T MISS:Drop the tax rises! Tory MP savages Sunak with Russia attack to hit UK [REACTION]Council Tax Reduction: Pensioners could get 100% discount on bill [INSIGHT]Pensioners are missing out on disability benefits worth £4660 a year [UPDATE] Justifying the rise, Richard Lloyd, IPSA’s Chair, said: "This is the first increase in pay for MPs in two years and follows the average of increases across the public sector last year. "MPs play a vital role in our democracy and this is reflected in their pay." He added: "It is right that MPs are paid fairly for the responsibility and the unseen work they do helping their constituents, which dramatically increased last year. "For Parliament to reflect society, it is vital that people from all walks of life can be an MP." While there is anger at the 2.7 percent rise, it will amount to a real terms pay cut. Inflation has reached 5.4 percent, meaning MPs will still effectively be worse off than last year. The amount is also lower than the anticipated pay rise that will be given to most employees across the country. A survey of more than 1,000 recruitment and human resources workers by YouGov last month suggested the average salary would increase by three percent in 2022.