The Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down with Oprah Winfrey last March for their first interview since stepping down as senior members of the royal family at the beginning of 2020. The couple made it clear that no subject was “off limits” in the interview where they opened up about the highs and lows of life in the royal family before their move to the United States in January last year. During the tell-all interview, the couple spoke about their relationships with other royals and spoke candidly about how being in ‘the Firm’ had affected their mental health, with Meghan revealing that she had suicidal thoughts during her time as a senior royal. One of the most shocking revelations was the alleged racism the pair experienced since Meghan joined the royal family, with the Duchess of Sussex claiming that some royals had asked “how dark” their baby son Archie’s skin would be before he was born. Prince Harry also spoke out about the rift between himself and his brother, Prince William, and his father Prince Charles. However, a number of the claims the Sussexes made in the interview remain unresolved, including which royal questioned Archie’s skin tone and what caused the strained relationship between Prince Harry and his family. Speaking on the anniversary of the interview, which aired in the UK on 8 March, co-host of the Royally Us podcast Christina Ross claimed the couple have not backed up many of the allegations. She said: “We’re still feeling the repercussions from that today, a year later. “They still haven’t fleshed out all the issues and accusations and all the claims that were made. “It’s amazing how much this interview has really shaken things up.” The interview reached an audience of 50 million people around the world and sparked widespread controversy, with the Queen herself issuing a response to the Sussexes' claims of alleged mistreatment. The Queen's statement said: “The whole family is saddened to learn the full extent of how challenging the last few years have been for Harry and Meghan. “The issues, particularly that of race, are concerning. While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately. Harry, Meghan, and Archie will always be much-loved family members.” But many questions raised by the tell-all chat remain unanswered. The couple have not revealed which member of the Royal Family allegedly made comments about Archie’s skin colour. Meghan told Oprah that there were “several conversations” between herself, Harry and other royals about “how dark” their baby could be before Archie was born. She said: “In those months when I was pregnant [there were] concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he was born.” Prince Harry added: “That conversation, I am never going to share. At the time it was awkward, I was a bit shocked.” READ MORE: Meghan and Harry still haven't backed up Oprah claims after one year Harry clarified during the interview that it was not the Queen or Prince Philip who asked the question, while Meghan said it would be “too damaging” to reveal who questioned Archie’s skin tone. Following the interview, Prince William said the royals are “very much not a racist family”. Buckingham Palace vowed to address the claims privately, however it is still unclear who made the comments a year on. Prince Harry has also not confirmed what caused the rift between himself and Prince William and his father Prince Charles following months of speculation over the family’s relationship. He said: “As I’ve said before, I love William to bits. He’s my brother. We’ve been through hell together. We have a shared experience, but we were on different paths. He added: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” Harry also revealed that Prince Charles stopped taking his calls after he and Meghan decided to step down as senior royals. He said: “I feel really let down because he’s been through something similar, he knows what pain feels like and Archie’s his grandson. “But at the same time, of course I will always love him but there’s a lot of hurt that’s happened and I will continue to make it one of my priorities to try and heal that relationship.” DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Furious Meghan Markle fans slam William [LIVE]Chernobyl crisis: Lukashenko turns on Putin to secure nuclear plant [BREAKING]Putin warned of direct NATO action if Russia uses Chemical Weapons [LATEST] The Prince joined his brother and father at his grandfather Prince Philip’s funeral a month after the interview aired when Harry returned to the UK, but he has not divulged any more information over what caused the strain in their relationships and whether it has been resolved. Meghan also sent speculation swirling over an alleged argument between herself and Kate Middleton, the Duchess of Cambridge, when she told Oprah that Kate made her cry in the run-up to the Sussexes’ wedding in 2018. Claims that Meghan had brought Kate to tears over an argument concerning flower girl dresses had circulated before the pair left the royal family, however Meghan said it was the other way around. The royal family has not commented on the rumours and Kate has not clarified her position, meaning it is still unclear what happened between the pair. Meghan also revealed that she had suicidal thoughts during her time as a senior royal but claimed that she was told she could not seek mental health support. Buckingham Palace reportedly said it would investigate the claims however it is still unconfirmed who told Meghan she could not get professional help. The couple also told Oprah how they were stripped of their security detail after they left the UK from the US.  Harry said that they received the news while in Canada before they moved to the US. He said: “While we were in Canada, in someone else’s house, I then got told, at short notice, that security was going to be removed.” The couple also said the security of their son Archie was questioned before he was born, with palace officials telling them he would not be given the title of Prince meaning he would not receive security protection. Meghan said: “This went on for the last few months of our pregnancy, where I’m going, hold on a second... he needs to be safe. “While I was pregnant, they wanted to change the convention for Archie. Why? There’s no explanation.” It has not been confirmed who made the decisions to strip the Sussexes of their security detail but the row is still ongoing, with Prince Harry having filed a claim against the Home Office decision to not let him pay for his own security protection while in the UK. Legal representatives for Harry have said he wants to travel to the UK with Archie and baby Lilibet but feels it is “too dangerous” for his family to return without police protection. 