Prince George’s reported new prep school contains everything from a pig farm, a golf course and costs a whopping £25,000-a-year fees. Kate Middleton and Prince William are reportedly preparing to send the future King to a new school outside of London where they currently send their children Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are reportedly moving out of London in favour of Berkshire, which means their eldest son Prince George will need a brand new school.  According to reports, the Duke and Duchess are busy looking at alternatives to Thomas's School in Battersea where George has been a student since 2017. William and Kate are thinking of moving the Prince to Lambrook School in Ascot near Windsor Castle later this year, according to the Daily Mail. A source has claimed the royal couple have been seen there “multiple times”. While Thomas’s is £17,000 a year and boasts an impressive ballet room, poetry room, theatre and gym, Lambrook is equally as lavish. READ MORE: Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home Costing between £6,448 and £6,999 per term plus a further £1,481 per term for boarding, the co-educational prep school is for 590 boys and girls aged three to 13. If George boards at the school, the bill would be between £23,787 and £25,440 per year, but if he returns home each day it'll be somewhere between £19,344 and £20,997. The school is set in 52 acres of the Berkshire countryside, making it a good fit for George given Kate’s interest in outdoor learning. In fact, the school even has its own farm, an orchard and woodland, and prides itself on giving “our children have plenty of opportunities to explore, play, learn and of course, to get muddy!” The leading school also boasts a nine-hole golf course, a 25-metre swimming pool and a dance studio for George. Prince William has even commented on his son’s love for the sport in the past. The clubs are just as remarkable, with Lambrook offering everything from scuba-diving to mini Masterchef, as well as trips to South Africa, Sweden and Iceland. With its lavish facilities, it is no surprise that if George were to attend, he would not be the only royal to have received an education at Lambrook.  Two of Queen Victoria’s grandsons - Prince Christian Victor and Prince Albert - attended the school for a number of years. Their grandmother often visited to watch them play sports and perform in concerts. The move to Lambrook also indicates Kate and William are thinking about where to send George for the next stage of his education. Following his parents’ footsteps, the prestigious school sends its students to leading institutions across the country including Eton, where William went, and Marlborough, where Kate went.  But while Lambrook is thought to be the current choice of the Cambridges, other schools reported to be in the running include Ludgrove School and St Andrew's School in Berkshire. The news reports of Prince George’s future education in Berkshire comes as Kate and William are apparently planning a move to Windsor Castle from Kensington Palace. The family are currently raising their three children in London, but seeing as Kate grew up in Berkshire and the Queen lives mostly in Windsor, it would make a lot of sense for the Cambridges to relocate closer to both sides of the family. Kate’s parents, Carole Middleton and Michael Middleton still live in Berkshire to this day. 