Earlier this year, Holly Willoughby took a break from This Morning to film for her new BBC show, which she presented with comedian Lee Mack. The programme will see eight celebrities taking part in a number of death-defying challenges in Europe’s harshest conditions in a bid to defeat their demons like anxiety and insomnia. Up until now, the celebrities' identities have remained a secret, but on Friday night's The One Show, their names were finally revealed. BBC Breakfast's Owain Wyn Evans, presenter Gabby Logan and Strictly Come Dancing professional Dianne Buswell are just a few big names that have taken part. Speaking about the stars, Holly told The One Show's Alex Jones and Harry Judd: "I am very proud of that lot, they really went through it. "You saw Gabby there jumping into the frozen lake, that was near freezing." READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 She continued: "It was so cold they even had to keep clearing the ice off the top of it because re-freezing again. "That was their entry point. It was like, right strip down into your swimmers and off you go. "With her [Gabby] she is such a strong woman and she was committed and wanted to do this. "But when you hit that cold water it literally takes your breath away." "And so it's that whole thing of using your mind to control that fear," Holly added. "It's unusual, it's not normal to jump into a frozen lake." The This Morning presenter went on to explain how Gabby went through some "pivotal changes" during the series. "With this, for her journey of this, she had to let go and trust," Holly told the hosts. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [INSIGHT]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene [NEWS]Emmerdale return for Megan Macey after making deal with Kim Tate? [SPOILERS] Despite loving the challenge of a new show, Holly admitted to trying an iced water shower to see what it was like. "Come on, we've got to do this," the host said as challenged her co-host Lee to try it. She joked that she managed to last longer in the iced shower for longer than the comedian. The 40-year-old said it wasn't just an emotional journey for the celebrities as Holly said she shed a few tears as well. "It was intense for everybody and medics were involved," she remembered. "I was in tears at many, many points throughout it. "You start watching it and you feel them making differences and taking leaps ahead. "It's kind of life-changing and it's one of the best things I've ever done." The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.