Nick Kyrgios got revenge over long-time rival Casper Ruud on Monday. The current world No 132 produced a dominant display to dispatch the eighth seed 6-4 6-4 in 76 minutes at the BNP Paribas Open. It was the latest chapter of their ongoing feud - and Kyrgios took the opportunity to make a dig at Ruud before admitting he wanted to keep his calm attitude up so he could do something "big". Kyrgios and Ruud were facing off for just the second time, with their first encounter ending in the Aussie getting defaulted for smashing his racket, kicking a water bottle and throwing a chair across the court in the third set of their Italian Open match. They then spent the next few years trading words in interviews and on social media, with one of their most recent feuds coming during an ATP Tour Twitter Q&A last year when Ruud submitted a question for Kyrgios asking what his favourite tournament was, with the 26-year-old replying and quickly deleting his response of: "Your mum." He then replaced his response, continuing his ongoing jibe at the world No 8 that most of his ranking points came from clay events as he wrote: "Hahahaha this is classic. @CasperRuud98 you are a good player. But we all know you stealing points through those tournaments haha." This season Kyrgios has been a new man, winning the Australian Open doubles title alongside childhood friend Thanasi Kokkinakis and opening up on his new positive outlook after arriving in Indian Wells. JUST IN: Nadal and Medvedev echo Murray verdict on Osaka Indian Wells heckling  His new mindset has had a positive effect with the Australian dropping just eight games en route to his third-round clash with Ruud, and the former world No 13 only dropped another eight during his match against the 23-year-old. After his 6-4 6-4 win, Kyrgios sat on his bench changing out of his tennis shoes and back into his trademark Jordans as he made a jibe at the seven-time title winner. "I hear no talking now," he said of Ruud. "None. F***ing none." The world No 8 had previously slammed Kyrgios and called him an "idiot" for his outburst during their Rome Masters match in May 2019. DON'T MISSMedvedev sends defiant message to Djokovic after losing No 1 rankingRafael Nadal bucks upset trend at Indian Wells to see off Dan EvansHarriet Dart tipped to exceed Emma Raducanu by Indian Wells champion  "He can say as much as he wants about me getting disqualified but it still says 1-0 to me. I don’t know, he was totally crazy when I played him. It was nice to win. If I celebrated after the match or not? I don’t care. I was happy I got 90 points and $50,000 in prize money so why wouldn’t I celebrate? It’s his problem that he’s an idiot on court," he told Tennisportalen at the time. Kyrgios fired back with his own salty response on Twitter, saying: "Hey @CasperRuud98 next time you have something to say, I would appreciate you say it to my face, I’m sure you wouldn’t run your mouth so much after that. Until then I will continue to rather watch paint dry than watch you play tennis, boring af." This time around, the six-time title winner credited Ruud as a top player and explained how he managed to get the win. Speaking after the match he said: "It was a big one. He’s a great player, the last two years he’s been playing some pretty great tennis. [But] tonight I played the right style. I’m just super happy at the moment, with my team around me, it’s endless support and I just managed to really play well on the big points today.” The recent Australian Open doubles champion has been all about positivity at the BNP Paribas Open and admitted after the match that he is motivated to do something special. "I wanna keep my head down, I wanna do big things," he told the crowd in his on-court interview. He still took the chance to make one last reference to his last match against Ruud as he joked: "To not get defaulted this time was good." Kyrgios next takes on world No 10 Jannik Sinner for a spot in the quarter-finals, which would equal his previous career-best result in Indian Wells from 2017. "[Sinner is a] hell of a player. He’s been playing exceptionally for the last year and a half, hits the ball massive. I actually played him in doubles, and I was blown off the court with how big and how effortlessly he can play," the 26-year-old said of his upcoming match. "I know the style of tennis I need to play as well, but I’m not going to think about that right now. I’m going to go home, enjoy my time, and get some good practice in tomorrow and we’ll see how it goes.” 