Barcelona are eyeing a deal for Bayern Munich hitman Robert Lewandowski, according to reports. The Catalan giants have admitted defeat when it comes to landing Borussia Dortmund hitman Erling Haaland, who had initially been their top target. And, now, Xavi is poised to look elsewhere as he looks to build a legacy at the Nou Camp once again. Barcelona have endured a difficult past 12 months, losing Lionel Messi on a free and initially struggling this season under former boss Ronald Koeman. However, ever since Koeman was relieved of his duties and Xavi returned to take charge, they’ve started to get their mojo back. Barcelona splashed the cash in January, bringing in headline names such as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres to enforce their attack. And Sunday’s stirring 4-0 win over Real Madrid suggests the Catalan titans are very much a side on the up, even if Xavi is reluctant to get carried away. Over at Bayern Munich, the future of Lewandowski is currently up in the air. The Poland international has a year left on his contract at the Allianz Arena and, as of yet, he’s failed to put pen to paper on an extension. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Catalan newspaper Sport say Barcelona are preparing to offer Lewandowski a four-year contract in a bid to bring him to La Liga this summer. The 33-year-old, despite entering the twilight years of his career, is still operating at the peak of his powers with 31 league goals from 27 outings. He’s also spearheading their quest for Champions League glory, too, with 12 strikes from eight appearances in that competition. The publication says Barcelona believe Lewandowski can maintain this high level for two years but want him to stay for four because of his professionalism. They’re ready to move Aubameyang to the wing, with the Gabon international playing out wide since his January move from Arsenal. An agreement with Lewandowski will supposedly ‘not be an issue’ with Barcelona chief Joan Laporta possessing a good relationship with the striker’s agent, Pini Zahavi. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Barcelona see the Bayern striker as a marketable asset, too, something they’ve lacked since Messi’s departure to Paris Saint-Germain back in the summer. And whether they’re able to snap him up remains to be seen. Barcelona have also been linked with AC Milan’s Franck Kessie, who is expected to leave the San Siro on a free transfer this summer. And Chelsea pair Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta are being probed, too. Fabrizio Romano recently opened up on Lewandowski’s future by saying: “Robert Lewandowski's future situation is absolutely open. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “He's focused on second part of the season with Bayern - but his current contract expires in 2023 and he wants a new deal to stay. “There are still no talks between Bayern and his agent - Lewandowski's waiting.” Xavi, meanwhile, hailed his side’s performance after their electric win over Real Madrid earlier in the week. “We played a very complete match, much better than Madrid, much superior,” he said. “The high pressure was very good, with Aubameyang, and also with Pedri helping a lot. “We knew how to play against them, we created many chances, we knew how to attack them, we played a great game. “They attacked us in the last 20 minutes, but that can happen when you are 4 goals ahead.” When asked if Barcelona are ‘back’ he then added: “Perhaps yes, Barca is back, but I’ll leave that to you. “This is the perfect game idea for Barca, to compete, we have very good players technically who didn’t understand the model well and now they do. “Run, work and help the team. Solidarity.”