A service of thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, was held earlier this week, on Tuesday. In attendance where almost all the key members of the British royal family, alongside British officials and members of various European royal families. One notable absentee was the Duke of Sussex, and, of course, his wife, Meghan Markle. The Prince refused to come to the UK without police protection. He was willing to pay for this himself to prevent the British public from footing the bill. But a lawyer representing the Government insisted the offer was “irrelevant” because “personal protective security by the police is not available on a privately-financed basis”. Whatever the rights and wrongs in the ongoing dispute over security, royal biographer Angela Levin claimed this was no excuse to miss the service. Journalist Andrew Pierce highlighted in a post on Twitter: “Four Kings and 3 Queens from European royal families at Prince Philip service, but no Prince Harry. “His absence is insulting to the memory of his grandfather.” Around 30 foreign royals are reported to have attended the service in total, including Denmark's Queen Margrethe, Spain's King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia, King and Queen of Sweden and the King and Queen of the Belgians. READ MORE: REAL reason Duke will not be in UK for Philip memorial Ms Levin responded to Mr Pierce's Tweet: “He didn't even bother to find a meaningful excuse.” In an earlier post, she added: “So many foreign royals coming to show their respect for Prince Philip at the thanksgiving service. “None of them seem anxious about protection except army man Harry.” DON'T MISS: Andrew to remain firmly 'off stage' despite settlement [REVEAL] Charles and Camilla's Coronation plans unveiled [REPORT] Meghan and Harry blasted for staying silent on 'dramatic' Camilla coup [OPINION] Telegraph Associate Editor Camilla Tominey suggested in an article earlier this year the vocal debate over security may not be as clear cut as it appears. In a piece titled “Perhaps Meghan just doesn’t want to visit the UK”, she wrote: “Maybe what the Sussexes are really trying to tell us is that Meghan categorically doesn’t [want to come to the UK].” While Prince Harry did not attend the service dedicated to the life of his grandfather, it is understood he will be present at the Invictus Games in Holland next month. He is now pursuing legal action against the Home Office over his protection in the UK. His legal representative stated earlier this year private security “cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK”. They added: “In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home.” Speculation is now likely to abound over whether the Prince will travel to the UK for the Queen’s jubilee celebrations later this year, in June.