Christian Horner’s wife, Geri Halliwell, 49, is often seen at the Grand Prix with her husband, but she has admitted she can’t divulge whether she prefers luxury or mass-market models of cars, because either answer would get her into trouble. In an unearthed interview, Geri joked that she would be “killed” if she gave her preference. In 2020, the Spice Girls star was quizzed on whether she preferred Ferrari or Ford, and she replied:“I’d be killed if I said either.” Geri married Christian Horner in 2015 at St Mary's Church in Woburn, Bedfordshire. She is mother to Bluebell, 15, (from a previous relationship) and Monty, five. Christian also has a daughter, Olivia, eight, from a previous relationship. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**'    Christian is the team principal of the Red Bull Racing Formula One team. Christian’s wife and former Spice Girl, Geri, frequently joins him at the races. The couple took to Instagram to share rare photos of their country estate last week, including snaps of their horses and luxury cars. Their property is in Oxfordshire.    Geri prefers riding horses, while Christian joked in a separate interview with The Times that he would choose “horsepower”. Maybe the reason Geri won’t talk about cars is because she’s not the best driver - or so her husband has claimed. The 48-year-old, who won big in Abu Dhabi in December, told the publication last year that his wife doesn't have the best driving skills, but he did compliment her on her cooking skills. He explained: “...Geri isn’t a good driver — she thinks everybody else is wrong.” DON’T MISS:Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [VIDEO]ITV News star Mary Nightingale addresses emotional on-air moment [INSIGHT]   When the Red Bull Racing team won the Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi in December, an emotional Geri spoke to the press about how “proud” she was of the team. Christian’s team secured the Formula One world championship. Telling reporters at the event, she said: “I am just really proud of him, I'm proud of the whole team, Max. “I mean, it is testimony to what a great team they are…     “And of course I think they have got the best Team Principal.” When asked how tough the year had been for Christian, the 49-year-old replied: “Well, forgive me for being this honest, but I have to say, Christian told me this has been the toughest year he has ever experienced. “But, they are such a good team who pull together.”  