Strictly Come Dancing will be returning to BBC One for another series later this year and fans are keen to find out more about the official cast list. The glitzy Ballroom and Latin competition series has been in the spotlight recently as news of the professional dancer line-up has come to light. The dancers returning in the 2022 season have been revealed below.  Amy has been dancing since she was eight and she is a four-time British National Finalist. Going on to become British National Champion, she is one of the highest-ranking Ballroom and Latin dancers in the UK. She most recently danced with McFly’s Tom Fletcher. Johannes Radebe is a two-time Professional South African Latin Champion who made a name for himself on Strictly Come Dancing South Africa. He joined the UK show in 2018 and was most recently partnered with celebrity baker John Whaite in the show’s first all-male partnership. Together they reached the final and became one of the most notable couples of the series. Dianne Buswell is an Australian Open Champion who was a professional dancer on the Australian version of Strictly. She joined the UK series in 2017 and reached the Strictly final with social media star Joe Sugg, who is now her real-life boyfriend.  READ MORE:Katya Jones blasts Strictly Come Dancing rift rumours 'Total nonsense' Gorka Marquez has been dancing since he was 12 and he represented Spain in the World Latin Championships in 2010. He toured the world with dance show Burn The Floor before joining Strictly in 2016. Polish Open Latin Champion Jowita Przystal joined the 2021 cast of Strictly but she was not partnered with a celebrity. She won the BBC’s The Greatest Dancer in 2020 and performed in the Strictly ballroom. The 2022 series will be her chance to shine as she takes to the stage with an amateur partner. Graziano Di Prima is an Italian Latin Champion who joined Strictly Come Dancing in 2018. In 2021 he was crowned Strictly Christmas Champion with celebrity partner Anne-Marie. The star hit the spotlight with his 2021 partner Judi Love after they danced to Sean Paul's Get Busy.  Hailing from Venezuela, Karen moved to the US when she was eight years old. She became American Rhythm Rising Star Champion, Professional World Mambo Champion and appeared on So You Think You Can Dance. She is the longest-serving Strictly dancer in the current line-up and this will be her eleventh series. Nikita came into the spotlight in the 2021 series after he was partnered with Tilly Ramsay. He received plenty of praise for his excellent choreography, and it goes to show as he is a six-time Italian Champion. Nikita is originally from Ukraine and he has recently spoken out about the ongoing war with Russia and how it has impacted his family. Nancy Xu was a finalist on So You Think You Can Dance in China and she joined Strictly in 2019. The 2021 series was her first chance to shine as she was partnered with her first celebrity, CBBC presenter Rhys Stephenson. They made it all the way to the semi-final together. DON'T MISS... Shirley Ballas: Strictly needs both Bruno AND Anton [INSIGHT] Strictly's Aljaz Skorjanec hits back at accusations [DISCUSSION] Aljaz Skorjanec 'emotional' as Nikita praises conduct at Strictly [INSIGHT]  Italian Champion Giovanni Pernice is the longest-serving male professional in the current line-up of Strictly dancers, following Anton Du Beke. In 2021, he was partnered with EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis and together they lifted the Strictly Glitterball trophy. The historical moment marked Giovanni's first Strictly win and it was the first time a deaf contestant had taken part. Rose's appearance has had a huge influence on support for the deaf community. Luba Mushtuk worked on Strictly Come Dancing as an assistant choreographer for many years. She became a professional dancer in 2018 and most recently performed with Jason Bell in 2020. Neil Jones is a four-time British National Professional Champion who has won more than 45 titles around the world. He joined the cast in 2016 and his most recent celebrity partner was actress and comedian, Nina Wadia.  Nadiya Bychkova is from Ukraine and she is a two-time World Champion and European Champion in Ballroom and Latin ‘10’ Dance. Nadiya joined the series in 2017 and last year she reached the quarter-final with BBC Breakfast’s Dan Walker. Cameron was one of the new dancers to join the 2021 series but he was not given a celebrity partner. The South African Latin Champion has won 18 national titles across Ballroom and Latin during his career. This will be his first time performing in the competition alongside an amateur dancer. Katya Jones is a champion in Latin and she is a highly-decorated dancer. She won the series with Joe McFadden in her second year and she most recently performed with Olympic swimmer, Adam Peaty. Kai Widdrington made his debut on the show last year and wowed the judges along with his partner, AJ Odudu. Aged nine, he decided to take up dancing instead of football and became World Junior Latin champion by the age of 14. He and AJ made it to the Strictly final, but sadly had to pull out due to AJ's injury. The news of the official line-up comes after the sad departures of Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec. In February 2022 Oti shared an emotional statement with fans announcing she would be leaving the show after seven years. She said: "It has been an incredible time. Lifting the glitter ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers. "You are my family and I adore you all forever.” In March 2022 Aljaž announced he too had danced his last show, saying in a lengthy statement: "The show has given me an opportunity and freedom to create and express myself in front of millions of people every weekend for the last nine years." He added: "Being a part of a group of professionals that inspire and push you to be better every step of the way is humbling and I will carry that inspiration with me forever." Strictly Come Dancing will return to BBC One later in 2022. 