Sviatoslav Yurash, who is a member of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s Servant of the People party, said the Russian President "believed his own propaganda" that he would be welcomed into the country. But the 26-year-old, who is Ukraine's youngest MP, insisted Putin will never win the war and is "finding out the hard way". Mr Yurash said: "Putin's biggest mistake is believing his own propaganda. "He believed that he would be welcomed in with flowers and that idea he tried to express that Russian and Ukrainian people are one. "He's finding out the hard way and he will find it even harder in the coming days of the war. "As far as Putin's reality, he has now involved himself in a war that he cannot possibly win because we are fighting for everything we have and we shall prove it to the world and to him." The 26-year-old added: "In our history we have fought much worse than whatever Putin can throw at us. "We have defied those odds in the Second World War, in the First World War, in the Russian Civil War. If our ancestors survived that, we'll survive this." Mr Yurash is refusing to leave Kyiv and is prepared to fight Russian invaders. He said: "People are defiant and they are very clear that they want to defend their capital. READ MORE: Joe Biden unveils 'single most important' way to stop Putin "I can't imagine leaving, I can't imagine giving up our capital. "So we shall continue battling with everything we have til the very end." Mr Yurash said Russia has "created hell on earth" in the beseiged city of Mariupol, but added: "We shall stand strong and we shall show that Ukrainians aren't giving up." DON'T MISSUS general makes damning indictment as Russia runs out of missiles [VIDEO]West warns Putin of 'severe consequences' if he deploys nuclear weapon [INSIGHT]Putin allies: NATO issues China warning over friendship with Russia [ANALYSIS] The MP rejected the question of Ukraine giving up territory to Moscow as part of peace talks. He said: "We shall never accept those demands on our sovereignty. "We are a sovereign nation and we are dying every day for this. "We are a nation that will define where we go, not Russian threats or Russian attacks." Mr Yurash's comments come as Putin's attack on Ukraine has entered its second month. But Russian advances have largely stalled in the face of fierce Ukrainian resistance. Moscow's tactics have turned to bombarding cities, causing huge destruction and civilian deaths. 