Set in Ireland, the new eight-part crime drama sees one of the Kinsella sons get killed, which sets off a gangland war. The dark storylines reveal the true sides of each Kinsella family member as they show their vulnerabilities. Charlie Cox, who plays Michael Kinsella, opened up about his time filming the new series and admitted that it was almost "impossible" to film six feet apart whilst coronavirus restrictions were still in place. COVID-19 had a huge impact on the production of upcoming films and TV series in the first year of the pandemic. Now restrictions have been completely lifted, production companies are back in full swing, writing and creating many new TV shows. One of which being Kin which stars the likes of Charlie Cox, Ciaran Hinds and Clare Dunn - and has already been commissioned for a second season. However, whilst filming for the Irish drama, some Covid restrictions were still in place, including face coverings and standing at a distance apart from other people. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Speaking on the experience, Charlie explained to Express.co.uk: "Well, you know it was the first thing I shot in Covid, and it was the first thing a lot of us shot in Covid because it was quite early on. "We were kind of getting used to the masks and the face shields and trying to stay six feet apart, which is almost impossible. "Trying to be outdoors as much as possible, which in January and February in Dublin ain't fun, you know. "There's a scene where me and an actress have to kiss, and on that day, we were tested something like seven times in the space of 24 hours. "We did PCR tests every day leading up to it, just for one kiss, and then we did antigen tests every hour up and up until the actual moment. "So you know, that was a bit weird, but other than that, it wasn't that different, you got used to it pretty quickly. "The tricky thing is once you get comfortable, and I'm sure most people will relate to this, once you get comfortable, masks start to come down. "Chatting to people and you just you take them off, and you forget to put it back on, and you just have to be really diligent. DON'T MISS...Will there be a season 2 of Kin? Amanda Kinsella star speaks out [INSIGHT]Kin star pays tribute to Emmett J Scanlan after first-ever sex scene [LATEST]Everywhere Charlie Cox's Daredevil could pop up in MCU phase 4 and 5 [WATCH] "The weirdest thing was, and again, this is something that everyone now probably relates to. "But there were some people who were on set who never had a reason to take their mask off other than eating right. "But we don't necessarily all eat together, so there were some crew members who I knew really well and would talk to regularly and see them every day. "And then towards the end of the shoot, you might suddenly see them with their masks down, and you didn't know who they were. "I was really amazed at that, like how your mind tries to predict what a face will look like based on just the top half. "You get it completely wrong, you're always never right, so that was that was interesting." The opening episodes of the series follow Cox's character as he emerges from a stint in prison and struggles not to be drawn back into a criminal lifestyle. On top of exterior pressures, long-hidden secrets also begin to emerge across the eight episodes that threaten to tear the family apart from the inside. RTE and US channel AMC has confirmed Kin will start shooting a second season in July. Kin is streaming exclusively on Sundance Now (an add on subscription via Amazon Prime Video Channels)