Land Rover’s all-new Range Rover model for 2022 seems to have found its first lucky customers in the form of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The couple were seen stepping out of the facelifted £100,000 car at a St Patrick’s Day parade. The flagship SUV has been completely redesigned by Range Rover for this year, with a minimalist design and a starting price of £94,000. The company has been making cars for the Royals since 1951 and holds three Royal warrants. But William and Kate have still stolen a march by getting their hands on the new car as deliveries aren’t due for another month. The car’s official US launch is also not happening until April. READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water The ultra-luxurious SUV is packed with the finest materials and futuristic touches, while the engines have been designed with emissions and performance in mind. Land Rover says: “True to its roots, and ready for the future, Range Rover is available with plug-in hybrid and mild hybrid options. “A fully‑electric Range Rover will join the family in 2024.” While it isn’t known officially which trim or engine the vehicle dropping off the Royals yesterday was, it appears to be the P400. DON'T MISSDad's fury as 'holidaying' stranger parks car on his driveway for days [SHOCKING]Drivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [COMMENT]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT] That model does 0-60 in a staggering 5.8 seconds and goes on to a top speed of 150mph. As the Royal version is likely to be the long wheelbase it would certainly carry a six-figure price tag. The latest fifth generation Range Rovers also feature seven seats for the first time which might come in handy for the couple’s three children. And with under 30g/km of emissions and a vegan interiror they’ll stay on brother Harry’s good side. Having the Duke and Duchess’ ownership certainly does no harm to a vehicle's future value. Last year a 2013 Range Rover Vogue SE owned by the couple sold for £51,000 at auction, double what it would have fetched without a royal connection. That was over £10,000 more than the estimate at the sale in Oxfordshire. It was a fairly unique occurrence as cars are rarely sold to the public with the disclosure of previous royal owners. Other features on the brand new Range Rovers include all-wheel steering, active suspension that can scan the road ahead for bumps, and the company’s largest infotainment screen ever. The screen measures 13.1 inches with a ‘floating’ design and haptic feedback. The rear can also be kitted out with 11 inch HD screens for passengers to enjoy films. The car even features smart doors which will sense if opening could hit a passing cyclist.