James Middleton and Alizée Thevenet met by chance in South Kensington in 2018. They previously shared a house in London and spent a lot of time at James' parents Carole and Michael Middleton's Berkshire home following the pandemic. However, James and Alizée ditched the city in favour of the countryside in early 2021.  “We are counting down the days until we get the keys to our new home and can be reunited with our belongings, which have been in storage for almost a year now," the 34-year-old wrote in The Telegraph ahead of their move. “We are country people and love going out for long walks. “But one of the key reasons we wanted to live in the countryside was our six dogs.” James has shared several pictures inside his £1.45million rural home on social media. READ MORE: James Middleton honours Kate Middleton for IWD James shared a snap of himself, Alizée and one of their pet dogs outside the red brick exterior. He wrote: "I think buying a house is up there with one of the most stressful experiences in my life. “It’s been a hectic few months moving into our new home and we couldn’t be happier. “We are settling into our life in the country with the dogs in their new home." The property appears very rustic. The couple's open-plan living room features a chunky wooden dining table, beams on the ceiling and a cast iron fireplace where their dogs like to rest. James posted a photo of one of his dogs as a puppy in the living room. The room appeared to have olive green walls and wooden floors. There was wooden panelling along various areas of the walls, as well as a vintage oak piano. The fireplace was framed with a black railing to protect his dogs.  James is the proud owner of one golden retriever and five black spaniels, and he treats them to fancy dinners at home. In March, he shared a photo of them sitting around his wooden dining table and revealed the room was decorated with cream walls and a large mirror hanging in a wooden frame on the wall. His reflection also shared a peek at his staircase, which seemed to have black steps and a matching bannister.  James shared several photos of his dogs and Alizée enjoying the outdoor swimming pool. It is built with white tiles and framed with tall bushes for privacy. A different photo of another of his dogs jumping into the pool showed there is also a white bench at one side of the pool. A photo of one of his dogs unveiled the garden which has a big lawn and plants growing up the exterior of the house. 