Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries appeared on Wednesday's instalment of This Morning as the Government prepares to publish reformed legislation to tackle online abuse. The changes to the Online Safety Bill will see social media sites required to give users the option to block legal, but harmful content. However, host Phillip Schofield branded the bill "scary". Dorries told Schofield she has been preparing for the bill, saying "huge amounts" of money and resources have been poured into it.However, she stressed: "Platforms could take down those harmful algorithms right now, they don't need the bill, they can actually do it right now themselves and they actually do in other jurisdictions."Dorries explained platforms could get a 10 percent fine on their global annual turnover and individuals could face prison time if they fail to comply with the bill."Ultimately if they fail to comply with the bill we can block those platforms," she added. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one "What, shutting down Facebook?" Phillip interjected.Dorries replied: "We don't want to do that because we recognise, particularly with the Ukraine crisis, they have been a force for good and so we want to work with these platforms."Schofield chimed in: "Isn't that quite a scary start to the whole thing? You start to think, 'Right I don't like what Twitter is doing, I don't like what Facebook is doing, let's shut them down.'"It all sounds a bit Russian to me." Dorries replied: "I'll tell you what is scary, algorithms, which direct young people into suicide chat rooms [and] into anorexia chat rooms." She claimed there was a 22 percent increase in young women who suffered from anorexia last year. "Bullying, racism, trolling, all that is illegal offline," she told Schofield. "It is scary it is horrific, but then you start to look at the wider picture of free speech and whether or not, ultimately, the Government will shut down Facebook," Schofield added. DON'T MISS...Rafe Spall details hilarious encounter with Michael Gambon [LATEST]Phillip Schofield apologies as This Morning guest swears about potato  [VIDEO]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [REVEALED] "We hope we never ever get to that point but we have to put legislation in place that those platforms have to abide by to protect our children and to make the UK the safest place in the world to go online," she stated. "We don't want pornographic images popping up on our children's phones or our screens unasked for, we don't want our children taking their own lives because the algorithms know who they are and direct them to some very bad places." Schofield said he hopes the bill will work as the matter was "utterly heartbreaking" and "occasionally terrifying". The bill, which focuses on platforms which host user-generated content such as TikTok, Twitter and Facebook, requires companies to prevent the growth of illegal content such as terrorist material.  It also orders the largest tech firms to protect adults from legal but harmful content such as cyberbullying. The Government has already announced the revised bill will include new criminal offences covering cyber flashing and the publishing of hoax bomb threats. However, the Government has said it did not want to ban anonymity online entirely because that would negatively impact people who use it for personal safety. This Morning continues weekdays at 10am on ITV. 