Cristiano Ronaldo has played under a whole host of managers over the course of his career. And, once Ralf Rangnick’s time at Manchester United draws to a close, Erik ten Hag may be the next one. The Ajax boss is currently in pole position to take over at Old Trafford ahead of the likes of Mauricio Pochettino and Julen Lopetegui. Manchester United are preparing for the commencement of yet another new era. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer lost his job earlier in the campaign and, while big things were expected from Rangnick then he came in as the Norwegian’s replacement, his time with the Red Devils is yet to work out. All signs are currently pointing to Ten Hag now coming in, especially after it emerged the Dutchman had recently held an interview with the fallen Premier League giants. Ronaldo, for his part, has been silent. But comments made in the past suggest at what the 36-year-old wants from his ideal manager. Ronaldo, throughout his career, has played under many of Europe’s top coaches ranging from Sir Alex Ferguson to Zinedine Zidane, Manuel Pellegrini to Jose Mourinho, Carlo Ancelotti to Massimiliano Allegri. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And the 37-year-old, when asked who his best-ever manager was, actually said Mourinho when quizzed on the matter back in 2018. Despite having issues with his fellow Portuguese, Ronaldo’s game was elevated during their time at Real Madrid together. They masterminded Copa del Rey glory in 2012 before going on to end Barcelona’s dominance of La Liga the following year. And Ronaldo, in 2018, said Mourinho was the best manager of his career because of the current Roma boss’ attention to detail. "Work with Mourinho again? Why not?” he said when quizzed on the possibility of the pair reuniting. “I would put him at the top, I always say that. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message "I have played for so many great coaches, but Jose Mourinho was a big thinker analytically, he went into everything in great detail." Those comments suggest Ronaldo would want United’s next manager to be similarly scrutinising on everything that goes on. Solskjaer wasn’t known for his tactics, with his man-management instead one of his best traits and attributes. And Rangnick, though tactically astute, has struggled to make his mark on the squad so far. Ronaldo will have to prove himself to Ten Hag that he’s still cut out to play at the highest level, with the forward showing signs of waning this term. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But, still, his recent hat-trick against Tottenham is evidence of a superstar where the magic still very much remains. If United look beyond Ten Hag, Pochettino and Lopetegui are frontrunners for the job. Yet it certainly seems likely the Ajax boss will be managing Ronaldo and the rest of the A-listers at Old Trafford next term. Speaking earlier this week, meanwhile, former Liverpool star Danny Murphy expressed a belief United should offload their No 7 this term. "Something radical needs to change at Manchester United even if it means important players like Cristiano Ronaldo being sold,” he said. “You have to be careful dealing with superstars on big contracts, it’s better to find other takers before you fall out with them. "But the bigger picture is that United have gone five years without a trophy and need to back a top manager who is there for the long haul. “Those guys will want to do things their own way and a clear-out makes sense, headed by Paul Pogba and Ronaldo. "You can’t question Ronaldo’s quality but he’s 37 and, despite his goals, United don’t have balance as a team. “They rely on Ronaldo’s individual brilliance, which can work in some games, but doesn’t against the best teams in the Premier League and Champions League."