Grant Shapps was challenged on how could the UK Government fail to create a system that would allow them to remove P&O Ferries' licencing after openly admitting to breaching the law. P&O CEO Peter Hebblethwaite admitted to the Transport Committee on Thursday the company had broken the law when it sacked all 800 staff without consulting the unions first. The admission had BBC Breakfast host Victoria Derbyshire question how they could still be allowed to operate despite Mr Hebblethwaite's comments. Ms Derbyshire said: "Can you explain how a company can break the law, the boss openly admits it in Parliament, and yet they're still operating?" Mr Shapps said: "The people who would go after the company for breaking the law through tribunals would be the workers. "And because they have essentially bought those people off, they were literally asking people to sign non-disclosure agreements and agreements where they're not allowed to talk about it...because they've done that, what they've tried to do is buy off the very people who would otherwise take them to court." However the answer appeared to leave the BBC Breakfast presenter even more befuddled than before. JUST IN: 'Real problem' Europe threatened by further crisis over another major Russian export She quipped: "So you can freeze the assets of Russian oligarchs but you can't, for example, revoke the licence of P&O?" The Transport Secretary insisted the British Government had adopted other methods to ensure P&O would U-turn on its decision to switch to underpaid agency workers. He said: "Well, at the moment we can't, directly. "But I've already asked the Maritime Coastguard Agency to carry out very, very detailed inspections of the ships. READ MORE: Warning as killer escapes from UK jail - police scramble as public told 'do not approach' "If they are going to try and re-crew these ships with individuals who won't be paid the minimum wage, who won't be familiar with the ship, they might not be convinced these ships are safe to sail. "So we do have some mechanism, there's a lot of other things happening, including letters going out to ports from which they sail and different types of legislation. "So we're making sure P&O will U-turn on this." DON'T MISS:Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] During the committee session on Thursday, Mr Hebblethwaite claimed the Transport Secretary knew about the intention to cut jobs in November last year, although that was strongly denied by the Department for Transport (DfT). Explaining the decision not to consult with trade unions, he said: "We assessed that given the fundamental nature of change, no union could accept it and therefore we chose not to consult because a consultation process would have been a sham. "We didn't want to put anybody through that. "We are compensating people in full and up-front for that decision."