BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker, 44, reacted after Zoe Ball, 51, announced on Friday morning that she's had to pull out of Comic Relief 2022 which airs tonight. The BBC Radio 2 host was due to present the fundraising charity programme alongside Sir Lenny Henry, Paddy McGuinness, Alesha Dixon, and David Tennant. She told her 394,000 Twitter followers she will be watching the show from her bed after her lateral flow test result was positive. Zoe penned: "Fell at last hurdle and have had positive lat flows this am- noooooooo - [the] gorgeous @AleshaOfficial is going to work the double shift tonight on @ComicRelief, I owe you lady love - good luck to A, Lenny, David, Paddy, AJ, Vernon, & the @comicrelief gang. She added: "There are so many brilliant treats in store tonight. I'll be watching & supporting from bed (probably in full makeup, outfit, heels and all) might invite @joeldommett over." (sic) Zoe was swiftly inundated with messages of support as people offered their well wishes to the broadcaster. READ MORE: Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’ In view of his 752,000 followers, Dan replied: "What a pain. I hope you’re feeling ok Zoe." Professor James Logan remarked: "I hear ya. We are all 'with COVID' this week too and housebound! Sorry you’re missing the show. Hope you stay well." (sic) Martin commented: "Aw so sorry Zoe! I hope you feel better very soon!" Alan Baber added: "So sorry to hear this Zoe, what a total pain in the a**e!! Wishing you a VERY speedy recovery."  The three-hour fundraising programme will bring a combination of comedy as well as inspiring stories of how the public's donations can help Comic Relief projects in the UK and around the globe. For the show, BBC viewers can expect to see music icon Kylie Minogue star in a one-off sketch featuring the cast of the BBC comedy Ghosts. Strictly Come Dancing 2021 champions Rose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni Pernice will perform together for the first time since the Strictly Live tour ended. In addition, Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders will also be appearing on screens to visit Jay Blades in The Repair Shop as their characters from The Extras. DON'T MISS... Dick Strawbridge shares adorable update on newest addition[LATEST]Denise Van Outen flashed Prince Charles and stole from Palace[ROYALS]Dawn French's jealousy over co-star Jennifer Saunders' success[ADMISSION] Elsewhere, Dan revealed he had been left "broken" after he reunited with his Strictly partner Nadiya Bychkova. The pair were seen rehearsing a dance routine for a very special cause in a London ballroom. In a clip shared on his Instagram account, the presenter and Nadiya beamed at the camera. Dan enthusiastically said: “We are back on the dance floor, look at this, this is the St Pancras Hotel in London, what a ballroom!” The presenter then asked Nadiya what they were doing there, and she replied: “We’re doing the Charleston!” Dan demonstrated a couple of steps and Nadiya laughed, jesting: “That’s the one!” The BBC Breakfast star then explained that they were taking part in a charity event this weekend for former rugby player Rob Burrow to raise money for Motor Neurone Disease Association (MND). Dan captioned the clip: “We’re back! What a treat to return to the ballroom with @nadiyabychkova today. “We have been asked to dance and do a bit of judging at the Burrow Strictly Ball in Leeds this weekend. Can’t wait to help raise loads of money at a brilliant event. “By the way… I didn’t drop her.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am. Comic Relief airs tonight on BBC One at 7pm.