Oliver Rock, 41, was one of nine protesters jailed in November last year for breaching injunctions banning them from protesting on the M25. They had caused chaos by blocking entire motorways and delaying travellers, including those heading to crucial hospital appointments.  Mr Rock was handed a four-month prison sentence but only served half. Now he is determined to continue protesting, despite risking the law again. "I’m not going to stop. We haven’t sorted out this climate crisis," Oliver said today. "The situation is really f****d up. I feel like I’m committed to civil disobedience now. If we don’t sort this out the next generation is completely f****d. "People need to understand that we are literally facing the end of the world in a generation. It’s something worth going to prison for. "I didn’t want to go to prison in the first place and I don’t want to again." Mr Rock spent time at Thameside Prison in Greenwich, southeast London, which he described as "horrible" and "extremely unpleasant". The jail, which opened in 2012, was slated in a watchdog report this year, Berkshire Live reports. Recalling his time at the jail, Mr Rock said: "You go from a normal world into a prison cell, which for two people it’s pretty cramped. "Everything in there is designed so it can’t be broken by a very strong angry person. Everything is a bit crappy. "The mattress is really thin, the sheets you get are sort of clean. It was a shock. "It’s very underfunded, and the staff are unashamedly overworked. And a lot of s**t things just happen that’s a part of it. "A lot of them had seen the protests on television so it was almost like a bit of a novelty. Most of the prisoners were fine with me. I had no issues with them at all."  Mr Rock's family, from Twyford, Berkshire, begged strangers to pay his rent while he was behind bars. The self-employed carpenter's sister Isabella, who lived with him, had said: "I think Olly and the other protesters have been made an example of to warn other people off. "Jailing peaceful protesters is very worrying indeed. "This bill will have a real impact on people's ability to protest and people should be aware of that." But Boris Johnson branded Insulate Britain protesters "irresponsible crusties" after the group caused travel misery for thousands of London commuters. The Prime Minister said: "I think they are irresponsible crusties who are basically trying to stop people going about their day’s work and doing considerable damage to the economy. "There are some people who call those people legitimate protesters – they are not."   