Brown patches can ruin an otherwise green and healthy lawn. Lawn care expert Sam was asked how can people fix patches on their lawn. "A simple mini-renovation is key here," Sam said. The expert explained how to tackle brown patches. You'll need a rake and some grass seen. Sam said: "Rake the area over to take out any dead organic matter, alongside disturbing the soil surface. "Apply some seed and top dress the area with some screened topsoil." Screened topsoil is soil that has been treated to remove larger lumps, leaving fine soil. READ MORE: 'Good starting point': When to cut your grass - three vital times to mow Sam went on: "Water daily. Germination should occur between seven and 14 days for a ryegrass/fescue mix seed." Patches in the lawn can be caused by a number of issues, which should be relatively simple to identify. Patches on uneven turf after mowing This could be caused by "scalping" the lawn when mowing. This is either cutting grass too short and damaging it, or even blades cutting into the turf. Sam explained more about this issue and how to prevent it. DON'T MISS'Raise mower blades': Vital lawn care instructions from Mark Lane [EXPERT] Flowers to plant now for a beautiful 'cottage' garden [GARDEN] Best peat-free compost options according to This Morning expert [TIP] Scalping is caused by not cutting the grass at an appropriate height. How can you avoid yellow patches on the grass? Jay explained: "Only ever cut 1/3 of the grass plant at any one time. "For example, if your lawn is at 60mm, your height of cut on your next mow should be no less than 40mm." Jay said: "This will keep stress to a minimum, alongside a frequent cut rate is key to a healthy cut." Patches during dry weather These are likely caused by a lack of moisture in the soil. You will need to start watering your lawn. Patches during wet weather This could be a lawn disease. There are many types, so consult an expert. Circular patches with bright green outsides These sorts of patches can be caused by female dog urine. Water the area and talk to your vet. Brown patches can also be caused by compaction. How can you fix compaction on your lawn? Sam said: "A lot of the time, with heavy traffic on the lawn the result is compaction. "Around areas like swings and playsets, this can be a real problem." Sam said: "The best way to overcome this is through aeration." He went on: "This is the process in which you allow air back into the soil by penetrating the surface."