The former One Direction star was asked to weigh in on last night's Oscars drama, which saw actor Will Smith striking comedian Chris Rock on stage after the latter made comments about Will's wife, Jada. The 28-year-old singer was asked during a Good Morning Britain segment about his thoughts on the matter, in which he stated: "I believe whatever he felt that he did, he had the right to do." But shortly after the clip aired, ITV viewers expressed how they'd been left baffled by his voice. Speaking about the dramatic Oscars incident, the singer commented: "I'm going to be honest with you. "Will Smith actually used to live behind my house. I have the pleasure of knowing his son and his daughter very well, and we did Men in Black Three with him. "I believe whatever he felt he did, he had the right to do. "I also thought there were three losers in one fight. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn "He didn't know, being Chris Rock, he didn't want to do what he had to do, being Will Smith. "And she did nothing, being Jada. It's a very sad thing." However, fans couldn't help but notice as he talked that he sounded completely different than usual, seemingly having abandoned his midlands accent. Twitter user Will Rands shared the Good Morning Britain clip, writing: "I feel like the whole world is playing a trick on me with this story. The weird Smith slap is strange enough. "But then wheeling on Liam Payne to psychoanalyse it all in some freaky Dutch/Welsh accent. Seriously what the f*** is going on?" Ross McCafferty penned: "Liam Payne giving a nonsensical rambling interview with the accent of a Dutch football manager working in England for the first time is only like the 8th biggest story from the Oscars." "Part New York American, with strong Welsh and Irish undertones. No yam yam. Two parts of Steve McLaren Dutch. Liam Payne's Hollywood accent," McLean chimed. Emily joked: "Also everything about this video is perfect to me you don't understand. The random dutch accent?? DON'T MISS... Bargain Hunt expert David Harper details phrase buyers shouldn't trust [INTERVIEW]EastEnders theory: Agony as Bernie flees with baby [THEORY]Ferrari launches passionate defence of 'quintessential' Royal Family [VIDEO] "The most convoluted way of saying 'yeah it's sad for both people'??? "The fact that Liam Payne is so irrelevant to this situation?? It's just amazing." Joel remarked: "Liam Payne putting on a Dutch accent when he’s from Wolverhampton is painfully similar to when Joey Barton (a scouser) put on a french accent after playing a season at Marseille." "What’s with that video of Liam Payne. The man’s acting like he’s not from wolvo with that accent," Betty added. (sic) Liam has not responded to the confusion so far, with fans still stunned by the seemingly random change of dialect. It came after the Kind Richard star - who won his first Oscar at the awards do - took offence after Chris made a jibe about Jada. After the altercation, he shouted: "Keep my wife’s name out of your f****** mouth." The clash has left Oscars viewers from around the globe stunned. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.