Kate and William’s only daughter Princess Charlotte was dropped off by her dad for a celebration at the Il Pagliaccio restaurant in Fulham. She was attending the party of a friend, believed to be a fellow classmate at Thomas's Battersea. In footage obtained by Italian newspaper La Stampa, the father and daughter duo can be seen entering the restaurant flanked by several security guards and greeting staff. The six-year-old princess showed off her confident streak as she walked ahead of her father through the restaurant. The CCTV clip shows the Duke of Cambridge, 39, wearing a maroon jumper, blue shirt and jeans. William is spotted smiling and shaking hands with several members of the restaurant’s staff as he drops his daughter off. He’s also spotted clutching a gift wrapped in pink paper. Charlotte appears to be wearing a long-sleeved black dress with tights. The Italian newspaper that shared the footage reported that three SUVs stopped in front of the venue in Fulham and several bodyguards entered the venue before Prince William and Princess Charlotte. Their report also said that restaurant owner Teo Catino requested a selfie from Prince William but he kindly declined. READ MORE: Harry mocked as Americans 'didn't even recognise' Duke at US event It is reported that members of the Royal Family are not allowed to take selfies. According to a number of sources close to the palace, the Queen strongly disapproves of the trend. Buckingham Palace has yet to comment on the claims but CCN Royal Commentator Victoria Arbiter previously told INSIDER that selfies are "strongly discouraged" among the royals. She said: "Royals would always rather have a personal interaction than have people clamouring for selfies. "If you grant one, then it quickly becomes overwhelming." DON'T MISS Queen will 'keep moving between her homes' [INSIGHT] Queen made 'rare exception’ for Meghan at start of Harry relationship [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan and Harry will have more children? [POLL] The Duke then left his daughter to enjoy the party and was seen arriving back at the venue a few hours later to collect her. Reportedly, when returning to pick up Charlotte, William was in the company of his eldest child Prince George, who is third in line for the throne. The restaurant may have stirred up additional feelings for Prince William as Il Pagliaccio was said to be a favourite haunt of his late mother Diana. The Princess of Wales used to sometimes stop to get pizzas to take away, or send a driver to collect them. The owner said: "When she returned from her gymnastics sessions in a gym not far from here, Lady Diana stopped by me, always together with her bodyguards, and ordered Margherita and pizza with salami. “And then off home to eat them with the two children." The owner added that meeting William was “really exciting”, and explains this was because he knew the Duke "appreciated his pizzas” as a child.