Owen Jones and Mike Parry joined Thursday’s Vine on 5 and gave their opinions on the Queen’s decision to be walked into Westminster Abbey for Prince Philip’s memorial by son Prince Andrew. Caller Valerie hit out at Owen as she disagreed with his criticism of Her Majesty.  Owen remarked Prince Andrew’s association with Jeffrey Epstein could “not be put to one side”. “It’s so serious,” he commented. “Of course the Queen is a mother but she is also our Head of State.” Valeria hit back: “Yes but Owen are you a mother or a father? “You’re not a father are you?” READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security “Why is that relevant?” Owen asked. “I’m a subject of the Queen. She’s my Head of State. “I didn’t choose that but she is. She’s a symbol of my nation. “I’m a British subject and I have the right to say I think my Head of State walking arm in arm it someone who is  associated with someone who is a paedophile is wrong.” Valerie snapped back: “I don’t think you do. I don’t think you do.”  Owen laughed: “Valerie, I heard the dog whistle but I don’t understand what the point here is because I am a British subject and I think in a democracy we’re able to critique what our Head of State does even if we don’t elect them.” The journalist’s comments came after it was reported the Queen “overruled” Prince Charles and Prince William saying it was her “wish and final decision” to be supported by Andrew. The memorial for Prince Philip was the first time the Duke of York made an appearance after paying a reported £12million settlement to Virginia Giuffre. As Prince Andrew took a step back as a senior royal, William and Charles were said to be concerned over whether he should have such a pivotal role in the Thanksgiving Service. DON'T MISS...Prince Andrew 'hiding behind his mother's skirt' Parry erupts [OPINION]Royal POLL: Should Queen take a backseat to Charles? [POLL]Prince Andrew scandal made life 'easier' for Beatrice and Eugenie [LATEST] Mirror Online reported both raised concerns about the optics of Andrew supporting the Queen on “‘more than one occasion”. They are said to be “absolutely united” in the view it was “simply unnecessary” for Andrew to be the only considered to escort the Queen to her seat. However, it’s now reported the monarch was insistent Andrew be by her side. The publication stated palace sources revealed it was “her wish and final decision” to have Andrew as her chaperone. Andrew’s supportive role to Her Majesty has largely overshadowed coverage of the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial. On Wednesday, ITV host Lorraine Kelly questioned why Princess Anne could not have accompanied her mother. She shared: “It’s his father and nobody is saying he shouldn’t be there but she’s got two other sons and also she has a daughter. “I think it would have been rather lovely if Princess Anne, Princess Royal came down with her.” Jeremy Vine on 5 airs weekdays on Channel 5 from 9.15am.