Sensory neuropathy, also known as peripheral neuropathy “develops when nerves in the body’s extremities, such as hands, feet and arms, are damaged” says the NHS. Sensory neuropathy can appear in someone with diabetes. The charity Diabetes UK explains: “The main danger of sensory neuropathy for someone with diabetes is loss of feeling in the feet, especially if you don’t realise this has happened. This is dangerous because you may not notice minor injuries, for example if you step on something sharp while barefoot or get a blister from badly-fitting shoes.“If ignored, minor injuries may develop into infections or ulcers. That’s why it’s important to look after your fee when you have diabetes”. READ MORE: Blood clots: Symptoms can arise in the belly area Sensory neuropathy can have a number of symptoms that will indicate whether not a person is suffering from the condition. These include:• Tingling and numbness• Loss of ability to feel paid• Loss of ability to feel changes in temperature• Loss of coordination – when you can’t feel the position of your joints• Burning or shooting pains. Diabetes UK says those with diabetes are also at greater risk of developing Charcot food.  Type two diabetes is the most common form of diabetes in the UK, making up around 90 percent of cases. As a result, it’s important to be aware of the symptoms so that a person can be diagnosed as soon as possible. Symptoms of type 2 diabetes can occur such as:• Peeing more than usual• Feeling thirsty al the time• Feeling very tired• Losing weight without trying to• Itching around the penis or vagina• Cuts or wounds taking longer to heal• Blurred vision. A number of factors can increase a person’s risk of developing type two diabetes. These include if someone is over the age of 40, if they have a close relative with diabetes, if they’re overweight or obese, and if they’re of Asian, African-Caribbean or black African origin. The NHS has a type two diabetes risk checker where people can get an idea of their risk of developing type two diabetes. Furthermore, the NHS says a person should see their GP if they have any symptoms of type two diabetes or they’re worried that they have a high risk of developing type two diabetes. There are a number of ways of treat type two diabetes, one of these ways is through medicine. Adjusting and improving diet is a useful way to treat diabetes as well as keeping active and trying to keep overall body weight down. As each person’s diabetes is different, there is no-one medicine or dose that works for all. For more information on diabetes contact the NHS or consult with your GP.