The SpaceX CEO warned there is a “high” probability his satellite network could be targeted amid the Ukraine conflict. On Saturday, Mr Musk had said the Starlink system was already “active” in Ukraine and claimed more equipment to use was on the way. Starlink is the low-Earth orbit internet service that SpaceX has been building out for the past several years. The satellite network will be able to provide high-speed internet to large swaths of the world. Mr Musk tweeted: "Important warning: Starlink is the only non-Russian communications system still working in some parts of Ukraine, so probability of being targeted is high. "Please use with caution." The multi-billionaire is advising users to only turn on Starlink when it is absolutely needed. He has also stressed that antennas must be placed as far away from people as possible. So far, SpaceX has launched more than 2,000 of these satellites and put nearly 100 satellites into orbit this week alone on two separate launches. The entire constellation is planned to have more than 4,000 satellites when complete. But Mr Musk’s warning also comes after US National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) Director Christopher Scolese said Russia's military could target satellites. He warned this would disrupt communications and GPS services. Speaking at the National Security Space Association’s Defense and Intelligence Space Conference, he said: “I think we’re seeing pretty clearly that Russia is committed to doing what they want to do in Ukraine, and they want to win. READ MORE: Russia nuclear threat: Putin to launch missile TOMORROW “So I think it’s fair to assume that, to the extent that they can, and to the extent that they feel it won’t extend the conflict out of their control, that they will extend it into space.” Ukraine announced earlier this week it had received donated Starlink satellite internet terminals. Mykhailo Fedorov, Vice Prime Minister of Ukraine and Minister of Digital Transformation of Ukraine, praised Mr Musk for providing these services. Mr Fedorov wrote on Twitter: “Elonmusk, While you try to colonise Mars — Russia try to occupy Ukraine! While your rockets successfully land from space — Russian rockets attack Ukrainian civil people! "We ask you to provide Ukraine with Starlink stations and to address sane Russians to stand." DON'T MISS Saudi Arabia hands Putin oil lifeline after major blow [INSIGHT] Putin outsmarted as UK refuses to sell Galileo alternative [REVEAL] Space-race tensions soar as Biden slaps sanctions on Moscow [REPORT] But Mr Fedorov also urged for help as he stressed that generators are needed to keep Starlink online for Ukrainians. Mr Musk suggested: "Solar panels and a battery pack is better than generator, as no heat signature or smoke and doesn't run out of fuel." Dmitry Rogozin, head of Russia's space agency Roscosmos, has spoken out against Mr Musk’s provision of satellites to Ukraine. According to a statement translated and shared by space Katya Pavlushchenko, Mr Rogozin said: "When Russia implements its highest national interests on the territory of Ukraine, Elon musk appears with his Starlink which was previously declared as purely civilian. "I warned about it, but our "muskophiles" said — he is the light of the world [of] cosmonautics. “Here, look, he has chosen the side. I don't even blame him personally. This is the West that we should never trust.”