Everton were on the wrong end of a controversial refereeing decision against Manchester City on Saturday, which eventually proved crucial as the Sky Blues left Goodison Park with a slim 1-0 victory. Toffees boss Frank Lampard and chairman Bill Kenwright subsequently received a phone call of apology from Mike Riley, but that ultimately will make no difference if their Premier League survival bid proves unsuccessful. With one dodgy call still fresh in the memory, Express Sport delves into four more which have left onlookers scratching their heads this campaign. The England captain waited until December to bag his first home goal of the Premier League season, but he also made headlines by being on the fortunate side of a questionable refereeing decision. In the commentary box, Gary Neville let out a shriek as Kane's high, lunging tackle on Andrew Robertson was replayed in slow motion, but referee Paul Tierney only showed yellow. Despite scoring in a 2-2 draw, Robertson's afternoon then got even worse when his own swipe was punished with a red card. Liverpool fans were quick to question the consistency in decision-making, with Tottenham star Kane admitting to Sky Sports that his challenge was 'strong'. JUST IN: Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich 'considering selling club' with three bidders ready  Leicester City were left furious at the Amex when VAR refused to overturn a penalty given for handball against Jannik Vestergaard. The Dane was being pushed and pulled by Brighton's Neal Maupay, before the ball struck his arm in the midst of the wrestling match. Foxes boss Brendan Rodgers was furious after the final whistle, with the goal ultimately robbing his side of a point as the Seagulls ran out 2-1 winners. "Jannik has been fouled, he’s been pulled down and of course his arm is up because he’s been fouled and then the ball heads onto his hand without even looking at it," he said. DON'T MISSArsenal get Emile Smith Rowe boost but Mikel Arteta still without key star [NEWS]Jurgen Klopp risks escalating situation with 'angry' Liverpool stars after Carabao Cup win [COMMENT]Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball [NEWS] Everton managed an unlikely win over the Gunners in December, after a run of torrid results under Rafa Benitez. Late goals from Richarlison and Demarai Gray did the trick in a 2-1 triumph, but the Toffees rode their luck too when Ben Godfrey's questionable challenge went unpunished. Early on, the defender's studs landed on Takehiro Tomiyasu's face in a clumsy challenge which Neville claimed he '100 per cent meant'. Despite Arsenal's right-back boasting a battle scar on his chin from the encounter, referee Mike Dean reviewed the incident before deeming it accidental. Fraser and his Newcastle United team-mates turned around in unison to ask the question after City's goalkeeper, Ederson, cleaned out the Scot without touching the ball. The Sky Blues were already 2-0 up and cruising by that point in the tie, and many were shocked to see the referee wave play on. City went on to win the game 4-0 back in December, with the Magpies' Premier League resurgence still several weeks away. But the penalty near-miss still raised serious questions, despite Joao Cancelo taking control of the ball before Fraser and Ederson came together.