Mr Geddes claimed that Russia's main objective was to gain and hold full control of the Mariupol city. But in their strategy to take over the pivotal port, the Russian Army has also reportedly resorted to using condemned landmines to push back Ukrainian forces around Kyiv. Russia has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine for the past three weeks, with attempts at peace talks not producing a clear outcome and end to the war.   Mr Geddes told GB News: "Russia has taken much more of a defensive position, we know that they're plotting up with various defensive including mines. "Wehn you see the borders of Kyiv and various other cities, whilst they concentrate on Mariupol. "So they've taken as you've already just reported, they're taking very much soft targets right now. "Mariupol being cut off as a main significant city, and then this mention by Vladimir about creating some sort of referendum. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Mr Geddes added: "This is a hint at a potential ceasefire, but again we're going to have to wait and see." Mr Holmes said: "What are the mines... Instigate, what's that all about? "So they've taken the territory then they put mines behind them? I don't understand the strategy." Mr Geddes said: "Ok so the strategy fundamentally Eamonn is to put in the mines to protect their position.  READ MORE: Kate dazzles in 'fantastic' new pictures as Duchess takes 'spectacular' trip with William     Mr Gedded added: "So almost like a checkboard you move your pawns forward to protect your key players. "So those pawns represent those mines, they're laying these mines to protect Ukrainian forces advancing, but also to allow them to re-group. "One of the things that we know the Russians have had a serious problem with is resupply in their logistics, so it allows them to take a breath before they move and advance to their next stage." Using landmines are prohibited under the Geneva war convention. Russia has already used banned thermobaric weapons to destroy Ukrainian civilian infrastructures, and many global political heads have been logging such attacks, so they can hold Putin accountable for war crimes after the war. DON’T MISS: Putin warned his military 'f*** up' in Ukraine will leave Russia defenceless against UKOwen Jones in furious row as Vine caller blasts MPs 'colluding' with EU to delay BrexitTensions rise between US and Russia as Biden warns businesses of cyber-attack fears  The evidence is there, the world can see it accruing." Ms Braverman added: "We will always defend the Ukrainian people's right to choose their own future. “They have chosen freedom and justice. And Russia's war criminals have chosen to be behind bars." Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab has been assisting with evidence at the Hague.    