Mick Schumacher sprung a late-night test surprise on Saturday to put him in the mix with Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton - at least in terms of pre-season testing times. The American team were forced to deal with tough off-track issues in Bahrain while others were free to channel all their efforts into improving performance, but Schumacher and his new partner in crime, Kevin Magnussen, have restored momentum with the start of the season just days away. Haas were given extra time to get laps under their belts on Friday and Saturday after the official chequered flags. F1's decision-makers seemingly took a sympathetic view as freight issues on Thursday meant they were not ready in time on day one. Magnussen took the solo Friday session and put in a shock performance by notching the fastest time of the day. While German youngster Schumacher could not quite match that, he did post a scintillating 1:32:341 as an extra two-hour window saw him rack up another 28 laps. READ MORE: Mick Schumacher gives verdict on Kevin Magnussen replacing Nikita Mazepin at Haas That left him six tenths off Verstappen's pace, but he shot above the rest of the field including Hamilton and Charles Leclerc. The Brit fell way down the packing order for Mercedes on the final day of testing, but he was posting times in much less favourable conditions. Second spot is not quite a Magnussen-level miracle, but it still gives Haas plenty of reason to be positive with lights out in Bahrain just one week away. It had been a rough start to the season for the team, with controversy surrounding Russian youngster Nikita Mazepin's future making global headlines. Mazepin's father, Dmitry, is a wealthy Belarusian-Russian oligarch whose company, Uralkali, held a lucrative sponsorship deal with Haas. F1's governing bodies removed the Russian Grand Prix from the 2022 schedule, but declared that Russian or Belarusian drivers would be permitted to compete under the neutral FIA flag. The pressure eventually told, however, and Mazepin was replaced by Magnussen on a multi-year deal. Haas' fast times on Friday and Saturday have put Mercedes to the sword, with Hamilton and new team-mate George Russell both complaining about imperfections with the W13. Having struggled for pace in Bahrain, Hamilton predicted that Ferrari would claim a one-two victory if the season's curtain-raiser was held under current circumstances. Understeer issues and worries over top speed have left Silver Arrows fans biting their nails with individual and team honours on the line. Ferrari star Carlos Sainz claims that Hamilton's comments are nothing more than mind games, a view refuted by the seven-time world champion.