Tipping Point host Ben Shephard even commented on the "extraordinarily low" amount player Joshua was taking with him to the final. With just £750, fans of the ITV gameshow believed they'd never seen such a low win before. As Joshua took the small amount to the final hoping to get more money banked, viewers took to social media to comment on the shocking win. Things took a more surprising turn though when he ended up with the £10,000 jackpot after only playing a few counters. Denise and Joshua were the last contestants standing when the former found her tipping point. "You went for drop zone three and it hasn't paid out," Ben stated. "Which means, Joshua, congratulations to you, with £750 - an extraordinarily low score, to be fair. "You are today's winner and the good news is there's lots of money still to be won from the machine." READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Twitter user @Andi5008 commented: "Lowest amount I've ever seen banked. #TippingPoint." Nancy Drew agreed: "This is the lowest scoring episode of #TippingPoint I've ever watched. Going into the final with less than a grand is bewildering." "Think this could be the lowest money I’ve seen being taken through to the final  #TippingPoint," @JackTheDucky remarked. Vicky Brown fumed: "I’ve never seen such a shocking game. Time to turn this off #tippingpoint." Brad shared: "#tippingpoint must be the lowest cash build I've seen." Liam L echoed this, writing: "£750...the lowest I've ever seen in this show #TippingPoint." Rachel Verney added: "#tippingpoint Spent their whole time chasing the double and failing miserably, 10/10 for perseverance! Lowest cash builder I've ever seen!" (sic) Luckily for Joshua, his next decisions proved to be lucky and he managed to land the all-important jackpot counter. DON'T MISS... EastEnders cancelled: BBC soap taken off air in shake-up [LATEST]Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' [INTERVIEW]EastEnders twist as Chelsea pushed to breaking point by Whitney? [EXCLUSIVE] "It's getting really close, Joshua," Ben laughed as the £10,000 counter edged closer. As the next move was made, Ben shouted: "Is it going to go? Are you going to collect £10,000?" The counter fell and Ben commented: "Unbelievable." "Goodness me Joshua, that is extraordinary, I don't think I've ever seen a game like it" he added. "Yeah," the contestant replied. "I'm surprised myself, honestly." Ben responded: "Two correct answers and all it took was six counters, which is barely anything. "Just goes to show, when you get it in the right place. How does it feel?" "It feels good, it feels good," Joshua stated happily. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.