Lando Norris, 22, has opened up about his fellow F1 driver Max Verstappen’s comments over the new Netflix documentary Drive To Survive. This comes after Max had called out the new series over "creating rivalries that aren’t really there." Speaking on BBC Sounds on Saturday to Scott Mills and Chris Stark, Lando discussed max Verstappen’s comments about the Netflix documentary. Scott quoted Max’s comments, repeating the words of the young driver. He said: “Max said it (Drive To Survive) is a little bit sensationalised and they create rivalries that aren’t really there." The radio DJ then quizzed Lando on his own views of it. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? Answering the question of his own experiences of Drive To Survive, the British-Belgian racer said they describe stories well. He added that the documentary is great at showing viewers the passion behind the sport, which most don’t generally see. He said: “I think they describe stories very well. “They get into the depth of it; something you don’t see on normal TV. “You don’t see the passion and everything that goes into it behind the scenes. “That’s what they are really good at.” He contradicted Max slightly, saying that he enjoyed the show of rivalry on the docu-series. The sportsman said: “It’s not just 20 best mates all just driving cars for fun.” DON’T MISS:Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [COMMENT]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT] However, he went on to say that sometimes they did “over-do” the rivalries a little. Lando explained: “They made me and Carlos (Sainz) seem like bigger rivals than what we were.” Clarifying the truth of the matter, he said that the two were actually “strong teammates” who wanted to beat each other “more than anything in the world.” Concluding, the star said that he’s happy with the work that Netflix did on the show. Lando was then asked a less serious question about what his most “impulsive buy” was. He responded saying that he “hates fish and lobsters” when quizzed about whether he goes all out on buying food. The star said he does treat himself and goes out with his friends. Lando also added how he has only had two McDonald's in the last seven years.