Audi will become the first car maker to offer virtual reality experiences for passengers in many of its models from June. In partnership with a company called Holoride, the headsets will allow viewers to watch films or play games that interact with the car’s movements. As long as the Audi is fitted with the manufacturer’s latest infotainment technology, known as MIB 3, then the VR headset will be compatible. That means models including the A4, A5, A6, A7, A8, Q5, Q7, Q8, and Audi e-tron are able to use Holoride. Audi said in a statement: “In the future, passengers will be able to use their time on the way from point A to point B for a thrilling game experience. “From June 2022, passengers in the back seat of an Audi can experience films, video games and interactive content much more realistically using VR glasses. A car ride can become a multimodal gaming event.” READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £200 just for touching a mobile phone One of the most interesting aspects of the technology is how it reacts with the car’s journey in real time, with something called “Elastic Content”. Audi explained: “For example, if the car is taking a right turn, the spaceship in the imaginary world will also fly to the right. If the car accelerates, the spaceship speeds up too.” According to Holoride that means less chance of getting motion sick while wearing the VR headset. The headset connects wirelessly to the vehicle via low energy Bluetooth and can only be worn by passengers, not the driver. However, Audi feels the technology is likely to be used in driverless cars in years to come as autonomous driving approaches. It said: “In the future, the progressive automation of travel by car will not only make new forms of entertainment possible while driving – it will also open up increased opportunities to learn and work on the road. “When drivers also no longer have to concentrate on driving in the future, they can turn their attention to other things – work, reading, watching films, or gaming.” The Holoride headset is designed by Taiwanese company HTC and is called the ‘Vive’. The goggle-like device features two 2.1-inch LCD displays at 1,600 x 1,600 resolution per eye with a refresh rate of 75 Hz. It has a 100-degree field of view, six tracking cameras, built-in spatial audio, dual microphones and an internal fan that draws heat away from the wearer's face. Previous demonstrations of the technology allowed passengers to look around the car and be transported to how things looked hundreds of years ago. Alternatively if the road the car is on is very twisting, the passenger can experience a rollercoaster inside the headset. A Holoride post said: “Through this partnership, we’re continuing to turn vehicles into moving theme parks and adding purpose to everyday commutes by making transit time count. “Adding holoride to Audi series vehicles is enabling a new form of in-car experiences by using motion-synchronized car and location-aware data with XR content in real-time. “This unique approach opens a new level of immersion in entertainment, educational, gaming, and well-being content. “The integration of holoride is also a strong commitment and testament to the importance of the passenger experience for the future of in-car entertainment.”