Manchester United are weighing up a summer pursuit of Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane after conceding defeat in the race to sign Erling Haaland. The Borussia Dortmund sensation looks set to opt for a move to United's bitter rivals Manchester City, which could prompt a reaction. United have been amongst the European heavyweights linked with triggering Haaland's £64million Dortmund release clause this summer. But reports claim Man City have a deal in place to welcome the prolific 21-year-old at the Etihad Stadium next season. United are already trailing behind the Premier League champions after a changing of the tides in Manchester over the last decade. So Haaland's Man City arrival could spark a response, with the Red Devils looking for a new striker themselves in the upcoming transfer window. JUST IN: Man Utd owners could demolish Old Trafford as Glazers consider rebuild  And according to the Mirror, Kane has been identified as a potential target as the club enters its first transfer window since Ed Woodward's turbulent spell as chief executive ended. United will be without Edinson Cavani next season, with the Uruguayan's contract expiring in June. Cristiano Ronaldo is now 37, and his excessive workload has started to show, scoring just twice in 12 games before his sensational hat-trick against Tottenham last time out. And the Old Trafford legend's future at United isn't completely clear either as the club's Champions League hopes hang in the balance. READ MORE: Barcelona have four-man shortlist including Liverpool and Chelsea aces  Tottenham had to fend off strong interest from Man City in Kane last summer as Daniel Levy held firm on his £150million valuation. And United know, despite Kane turning 29 in July, they would have to fork out a triple-figure fee to lure him away from north London. The England captain has just over two years on his contract remaining, and Levy will want clarity about his intentions to sign a new deal. But with Spurs set to endure another trophyless season and potentially miss out on a top-four spot again, Kane will seriously be considering his future. Spurs hope Antonio Conte can guide the club back into the Champions League this season amid a fight with bitter rivals Arsenal and United. However, Saturday's 3-2 defeat at Old Trafford, in which Kane scored, was the latest in a series of blows during his tenure. Conte has admitted he has three months to convince Kane to stay at the club, and the 28-year-old has rediscovered his best form since the Italian replaced Nuno Espirito Santo in November. And Kane has also maintained his strong relationship with fans, despite his blatant desire to join Man City at the start of the season. But Spurs' number 10 won't want to end his glistening individual career without a single piece of team silverware to show for it. And Mauricio Pochettino's potential appointment as United's new manager could appeal to him after their impactful relationship before Jose Mourinho replaced him. With United in a battle for Champions League qualification themselves, though, failure to do so could rule them out of the running for Kane. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.