Budget airline, easyJet offers bargain plane tickets to many top tourist destinations. However, not every passenger can take a cabin bag to put in an overhead locker. easyJet states that every passenger can bring one small cabin bag onboard the plane for free. The bag must be a maximum size of 45 x 36 x 20cm which must include any handles or wheels. It must fit under the seat in front of the passenger and the bag can weigh up to a maximum of 15kg. easyJet states that passengers must be able to carry and lift the bag themselves. READ MORE: British expat warning of ‘total nightmare’ rules in Spain It states: “If you’d also like to bring a large cabin bag on board (max. 56 x 45 x 25cm, including any handles or wheels) you have the option to select an Up Front or Extra Legroom seat or book a large cabin bag for your flight.” easyJet Plus cardholders and customers who have booked FLEXI fares can bring a large cabin bag on board as part of their membership or fare benefits. easyJet said: “Please note that the maximum number of cabin bags available per person is two; one small cabin bag for all customers and one large cabin bag for customers where it’s included with their seat, fare or membership benefits or where they have paid to add one to their booking.” Passengers who have booked a large cabin bag will need to make sure it fits in an easyJet overhead locker. If a bag exceeds the maximum size allowance, passengers will have to check it into the hold for a fee. easyJet states: “We check cabin bag sizes before you board. If your cabin bag is bigger than the maximum size allowed or if you bring a large cabin bag to the departure gate without the correct seat selection or without one pre-booked for your flight, it won’t be able to go in the cabin. “We’ll have to check it into the aircraft hold and charges will apply. “So it’s important to check your cabin bag allowance before you travel to avoid any unexpected charges.” Passengers can use the easyJet app’s bag sizing tool to size their bag using their phone’s camera. Travellers can then upgrade their ticket option if their bag doesn’t fit within the maximum size measurements. easyJet customers can buy up to three hold bags and each standard bag can weigh 23kg.  Passengers can purchase up to 32kg per bag but no single item will be allowed to weigh more than. According to easyJet data, more than 30 percent of British tourists are planning a holiday in Spain this year. Many British tourists are eager to get away following the pandemic, now that many restrictions have been relaxed. British tourists should check the latest luggage restrictions with their airline before travelling.