On Tuesday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge embarked on a visit to Wales to mark St David’s day by visiting local businesses and agricultural sites such as Abergavenny Market and Pant Farm. To mark the trip, the Kensington Royal Twitter account released a statement about the purpose of the visit.  It read: “See you all soon to learn all about the role of small businesses in local communities – from farm, to market, to table – and how young people’s opportunities are being improved by charities and engaging projects across Wales.” Pictures were also shared of Kate and William planting a tree in honour of the Queen’s platinum jubilee. In addition, the couple met royal fans who had waited for over two hours in the bitter cold to catch a glimpse of the royal couple on their first public walkabout since the pandemic. The royal couple looked loved up as they visited their old stomping ground from when they lived together in Wales while William worked as an air rescue pilot at RAF Valley.  While the couple spoke to locals, William displayed a rare moment of public affection for his wife leaving the crowd somewhat surprised. Speaking to fans, the prince revealed that Kate “has the coldest hands ever” after he was seen wrapping his navy coat further around him. He then added: “They say, ‘cold hands, warm heart’.” Like most members of the royal family, both Kate and William aim to keep their professional and personal lives separate and rarely show public affection, including holding hands while on official engagements. READ MORE:Man Utd’s amazing XI if Ancelotti takes over and signs three players However, it seems that the couple relaxed on their visit to Wales and thoroughly enjoyed their first outing together in two years with the public and felt comfortable showing their more private sides. It was also during this trip that William revealed he and his wife have created a tradition that they perform with their three children before they go away to fulfil their royal duties. Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three, tend to remain at home while their parents perform their official duties and the visit to Wales was no different. Royal fans kindly asked the future King how the children were to which he formally replied: “the children are very well, thank you.” DON'T MISS:Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon's £30 earrings make huge profit (REVEAL)POLL: Do YOU think it's fair to Camilla that Kate is more prominent? (POLL)Liverpool's Caoimhin Kelleher reveals first words from Jurgen Klopp (INSIGHT)  Before adding: “They are always asking us where we are going. And we show them where we are on the map.” More special moments and revelations are expected at the end of the month from the Duke and Duchess when they embark on their first overseas tour since the pandemic. After both performing solo engagements last month, the couple will value touring Jamaica, Belize and The Bahamas together. 