Andy Murray is eyeing an opportunity to go far in Indian Wells after Novak Djokovic withdrew from the tournament. The Serbian kept his name in the entry list while waiting to see if he could enter the United States unvaccinated but was told the rules would not change and subsequently pulled out of Indian Wells and Miami. Murray is now hoping to go deep after recording a milestone 700th win in his opening match. Murray became the fourth active player to reach 700 career match wins with his three-set victory over Taro Daniel in Indian Wells on Friday, after Djokovic, Nadal and Federer. The world No 88 had faced Daniel twice before this season, splitting victories as he lost their Australian Open clash but got revenge in Doha. He came from a set down to beat the qualifier 1-6 6-2 6-4 and is now hoping to add to his tally of wins, noting the absence of his old rival in the draw. Djokovic had been in doubt to compete in Indian Wells over the United States' rules only allowing fully vaccinated travellers into the country. JUST IN: Raducanu tames expectations and admits loss would have 'made her year'  The five-time former champion at the BNP Paribas Open admitted last month it was unlikely he would be able to play but was included in the draw as the second seed before confirming his withdrawal on Wednesday. It meant that Grigor Dimitrov came in to fill his position as the extra 33rd seed and lucky loser Joao Sousa made the main draw. And Murray has seen an opportunity with the 20-time Grand Slam champion's absence opening up his secion of the draw. “Originally Novak was the seed, Grigor is a top player,” the former world No 1 said. DON'T MISSIndian Wells star produces 'slowest ever ace' putting Kyrgios to shameDjokovic picks next tournament after visa exception refusedNadal explains 'difficult' view as Zverev avoids ban for umpire tirade  “Novak not being here opens up an opportunity in the section, but I have Bublik next and he has had a very good start to the season and is not an easy guy to play.” Murray played Bublik earlier this year and Rotterdam and beat him in straight sets but said the 31st seed was a tough opponent. He explained: "He’s a very unorthodox player, he’s unbelievably talented, has great hand skills, can play all the shots and plays very differently compared to a lot of guys on the tour. "He takes a lot of risks, and he’s started this year well. It’s not going to be easy but if I play well I’ve got a shot." The three-time Grand Slam champion had set himself the goal of winning 700 matches and reaching 50 titles - he currently holds 46 - as part of his continued comeback from hip surgery and managed to tick the first one off the list on Friday. After joining the elite club of active players who had reached the milestone, he said: "It’s a target that I set myself at the end of last year and obviously happy to achieve it, there aren’t too many guys that have managed to do that. "With everything that has gone on in the last two years I could have been way past 700. I kept fighting and got there and now I’ve got to try and reach another target, another milestone, but yeah, this is a good one.” Looking ahead to his next match and the future he added: "Yeah, let’s go for 800."