On Friday night's Comic Relief, Alesha Dixon and Paddy McGuinness took the reins to front the BBC programme. David Tennant and Lenny Henry also joined the duo on stage to help co-host the show. However, just minutes into the charity special, many viewers took to social media to complain about the hosting line-up, with many claiming to "switch off". Introducing the show, Paddy began: "Welcome to Red Nose Day 2022. "Tonight your hosts are Sir Lenny Henry, David Tennant and Alesha Dixon and me Paddy McGuinness." Sir Lenny continued: "Welcome to Red Nose Day 2022, Salford. Make some more noise." "What an incredible audience," he continued before Alesha added: "If you get that excited by seeing us lot wait until you hear who else is on the show." READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? "This is officially the most star-studded Red Nose Day ever," Paddy shouted. "Yes," David agreed. "You're not wrong, Paddy. I genuinely cannot believe the celebrities we have lined up for you tonight." Sir Lenny proceeded to introduce some of the celebrities appearing on the show. He said: "Tom Holland, Paul Rudd, French and Saunders and Jack Whitehall." However, some viewers were less than impressed with the programme and took to social media to share their thoughts. Rob Jones raged: "That’s enough for me … Paddy McGuinness … no thanks. And already full of over-excited presenters. #comicrelief #ComicRelief2022." Victoria tweeted: "#comicrelief … switch on … hear Paddy 'one joke' McGuiness .. switch off." User @Nutbourne16 penned: "Paddy McGuinness? No thanks." DON'T MISS...Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' [INSIGHT]Emmerdale tragedy as Arthur Thomas goes missing? [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise's Madeleine star spills on friendship with Ardal [EXCLUSIVE] While Liv went on to point out: "Why are these shows always so awkward? The hosts never know what’s going on #comicrelief." "Is Paddy McGuinness on everything because he's got a good personality, or just because he's loud," Al fumed. Mika added: "#RedNoseDay not more Paddy McGuinness. Unwatchable. Unlistenable." (sic) However, some viewers stepped in to defend the presenting line-up, with Greg tweeting: "Was looking through the #comicrelief hashtag and it just hurt my heart to see how entirely vile people on Twitter are at such a positive evening of entertainment." Amy praised: "Ah some fantastic memories there. Especially the George Michael sketch." Both Joel Dommett and Zoe Ball were due to co-host Comic Relief as well but they had to pull out at the last minute after contracting coronavirus. Joel shared the news on Thursday, while Zoe took to Twitter on Friday morning. The Radio DJ wrote: "Fell at last hurdle and have had positive lat flows this am- noooooooo - [the] gorgeous @AleshaOfficial is going to work the double shift tonight on @ComicRelief, I owe you lady love - good luck to A, Lenny, David, Paddy, AJ, Vernon, & the @comicrelief gang." (sic) Comic Relief is available to watch on BBC One.