Chelsea star N'Golo Kante did not even reply when Paris Saint-Germain tried to sign him in January. The French giants have made signing the midfielder a priority but have failed over several attempts now. Kante has once again rebuffed interest in his services from PSG - this time by refusing to even answer their calls. Parc des Princes made personal pleas to the Chelsea star in January only to be turned away. The World Cup winner is often renowned as one of the best players in the world forces ball-winning abilities, as well as his non-stop engine. During his career in England, he has won nearly everything with the Blues and Leicester. As well as lifting two Premier League titles, the 31-year-old has won the FA Cup, Champions League, Europa League and Club World Cup. And it appears he sees himself at Stamford Bridge for the long-term after turning down another PSG big. According to Le Parisien, club chiefs tried to convince the midfielder to finally make the move to the Ligue 1 outfit in January. However, Kante failed to reply to their calls and it has been reported he is happy where he is. Whereas at PSG, there is a worry that his body will not be able to sustain the level of pressure that would be on him in Mauricio Pochettino's midfield. There have already been several injury concerns - even pre-dating the Argentine manager - for the likes of Marco Verratti and Neymar. Kante also feels very happy to be in London, where he has forged a close relationship with many in the city and enjoys playing under Thomas Tuchel. Whether PSG make another attempt to sign him up in the summer remains to be seen. But Chelsea might warm to the idea of letting the Frenchman go if he does not sign a new contract soon. Kante will have just one year left on his deal next season, meaning he could depart for nothing. Losing Kante for free would be a huge blow to the Blues, who already look close to several exits for nothing this summer. Antonio Rudiger, Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen could all depart when their contracts expire at the end of the season.