Manchester United have reportedly made Thomas Tuchel their No 1 managerial target ahead of Mauricio Pochettino. United are claimed to want to appoint Tuchel before the end of the current season. United are on the search for a permanent manager following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last December. Ralf Rangnick was brought in on an interim basis until the end of the season. But Rangnick has been unable to have the desired effect on the United squad and boost his own chances of getting the job on a full-time basis. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are two of the leading candidates for the role. Paris Saint-Germain boss Pochettino has long been linked with United and Ten Hag has impressed during his time in charge at Ajax. But Tuchel has now overtaken both of them as the preferred target for the Red Devils. READ MORE: Liverpool, Man Utd and Chelsea in three-way battle for £42m Barcelona transfer  That is according to a report from the Daily Star, which claims United are looking into the possibility of luring Tuchel to Old Trafford before the end of the season. United are aiming to take advantage of the huge financial uncertainty at Chelsea. Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich was last week sanctioned by the UK Government after links were found with the Russian president Vladimir Putin. The growing problems at Stamford Bridge has led to speculation over the future of their manager and players. Tuchel has publicly stated he would be staying at Chelsea until at least the summer. But there is genuine hope on United's side that the former PSG manager is now available. DON'T MISSBillionaire friend of Donald Trump to make last-gasp Chelsea bid as deadline draws nearer [GOSSIP]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed [TRANSFERS]Man Utd ‘make another transfer approach’ as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]  Chelsea are currently for sale and interested buyers must register their interest by the end of the week. Tuchel still has over two years remaining on his Chelsea contract but United believe a large compensation package would be attractive to the west London side. The Star says there is also concern at United about Pochettino's suitability for the job. The Argentine has long been linked with the Red Devils, dating back to his time in charge of Tottenham. However, he saw his PSG side crash out of the Champions League last-16 stage against Real Madrid last week despite taking a first leg lead to the Bernabeu. Pochettino failed to win any trophies during his five years in charge of Tottenham.  He has won a couple of cups at PSG but is set to lead them to the Ligue 1 title this season after failing to do so last term. United's chances of luring Tuchel may depend on whether they qualify for the Champions League next season. They currently sit fifth in the Premier League table, one point behind Arsenal in fourth. The Gunners have three games in hand, starting with the visit of Liverpool on Wednesday evening.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here