Royal Mail can be delayed due to a variety of reasons such as Covid-related self-isolation or resourcing. They provided a full list of postcodes impacted today. On its website, Royal Mail explained that it operates through air, rail and road. In the last 24 hours, its air network, rail network and road network operated to schedule. Royal Mail’s mail centres also operated to schedule over the last 24 hours. As of March 28, the website stated: “Deliveries are operating as normal across most of the country today. READ MORE: Gardening: The banana peel hack ‘guaranteed’ to make plants ‘thrive’  “We aim to deliver to all addresses we have mail for, six days a week.” However, the postal service explained that this aim may not be possible today for all areas in the UK due to several factors. “In a small number of local offices this may temporarily not be possible due to local issues such as Covid-related self-isolation, high levels of sick absence, resourcing, or other local factors. “In those cases we will rotate deliveries to minimise the delay to individual customers.” DON'T MISS Royal Mail listed the following offices as being “most impacted” by delays: Blagdon SPDO (BS40 7) Caldicot DO (NP26) Kittybrewster DO (AB24 and AB25) Lochgelly DO (KY5) Maybole DO (KA19) Mill Hill DO (NW7) Prestonpans DO (EH32) Regarding the delays, Royal Mail stated: “We're sorry for any inconvenience and thank you for your understanding. Customers can check the website for further updates on the delays of letters and parcels. Royal Mail assured its customers that actions were being taken to limit delays. We also provide targeted support to those offices to address their challenges and restore our service to the high standard our customers would normally receive. Customers awaiting letters and parcels have taken to social media to voice their concerns over Royal Mail delays. Several commented under a video Royal Mail tweeted of a postman delivering a daffodils to mums for Mother’s Day in Caerphilly, Wales. Jack Parker questioned the postal service: “I URGENTLY need medical delivered…but you DON’T deliver on Sundays. “And why do you only deliver once a day to us?” Twitter user @v14442491 expressed her distaste for the postal service’s policy: “’If you’d like to arrange another collection, you can do so free of charge.’ Just ridiculous. How is it FREE if it's already been PAID FOR? Explain. And why would I trust you, after you've already let us down! No trust. Screwed up once - screwed up forever!” Some were upset as Mother’s Day gifts were not received. Karen Tank said: “Not so much a happy Mother’s Day for our mum. Instead of leaving the parcel somewhere safe or with the neighbour they took it back to the sorting office! Thank you! #MothersDay2022 #failed.”