Season 14 of Dancing on Ice has had a bumpy skate to success with injuries, Covid cases and more falls than they would care to acknowledge. Despite dealing with the pressure of performing live extremely well - Kye White is an Olympian, after all - the BMX sensation has been hit with a huge blow as he's set to be the next star to skate off of the ITV show. Tokyo 2020 BMX silver medalist Kye Whyte has made it pretty far in the ITV show with his ice skating partner Tippy Packard. His playful nature and athletic ability have managed to save him from three skate-offs already but with celebrities leaving the show weekly it looks like the star's time is almost up. According to the bookies the 22-year-old is set to be eliminated this weekend. With odds of 1/4, Ladbrokes claim Whyte is next to face the chopping block on Sunday's show. Read More: Emmerdale pregnancy bombshell as Liv Flaherty makes life-changing discovery?   Fellow sporting star and Paralympian Stef Reid is second favourite to go with odds of 10/3. Accident-prone Connor Ball joins them in the bronze position to leave the show with odds 12/1 as the third most likely to exit. It appears to be a two skater race for the champion title this season with some celebrities impressing the judges week on week. Regan Gascoigne has wowed the nation on the competition so far and is 5/4 odds to win, with The Pussycat Dolls' Kimberly Wyatt hot on his tail at odds of 5/2.  Commenting on the latest odds, Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Kye has dodged several bullets throughout this series, but the BMX man's race looks to have been run, with an elimination seemingly imminent." On the potential top two candidates he added: "Regan looked to be running away with things in the betting for this year's crown - however, a string of consecutively impressive performances from Kimberly have led punters to believe she could in fact be the one to beat." The latest celebrity victim to be shown the door was Coronation Street favourite, Sally Dynevor. After surviving for several weeks with professional skater Matt Evers, the pair were the sixth couple to be eliminated. DON’T MISS…Vera's Brenda Blethyn pays tribute to Aiden Healy star 'A constant delight' [LATEST]The Last of the Summer Wine: What happened to the cast? [LATEST]‘It was a no brainer’ Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series [LATEST]  It was Whyte and Packard that sent the Corrie legend home last weekend. Although judges Ashley Banjo, Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean all opted to save the Olympian, has he used up all of his good luck? Whyte already had to pull out of one weekend's performance due to injury, and with his consistent skate-off ranking many think it is time the star hung up his ice skates. Ahead of appearing on the show, the athlete told Newsround on CBBC: "I roller-skated when I was younger so we'll see how it goes.   "When I did the audition I kind of related it to roller-skating, so I think I did pretty well… "I think the thing I'm really confident about is I don't really mind if I fall; I'm quite fearless. My dad and my brother both roller-skate so I think they're excited." The six remaining pairs will compete in a Torvill and Dean-themed episode this weekend which means the bolero pair will be keeping a close eye on each competing couple. Dancing on Ice airs tonight at 6.30pm on ITV.