The Duchess of Cambridge, and her husband Prince William, have been under fire following their recent controversial royal trip to Jamaica, Belize and The Bahamas. On the sixth day of their Caribbean tour, William moved to calm fears that other nations could follow Barbados’ decision and break away from the monarchy, claiming he "respected" their decision. He also signalled that should the likes of Jamaica could leave the Commonwealth they would be supported with "pride and respect" if they did so. Their visit to the Caribbean has been fraught with backlash, including when they spent time in Jamaica, with anti-royal groups demanding independence from the colonial rule of the monarchy. It is not the first time the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been criticised during an appearance, with Kate also having faced the public in the past. In one encounter, the 40-year-old apologised to a child for "not wearing a pretty dress" on a visit to Wales. Kate's time in the Firm has seen her wear an array of outfits by famous designers, including the likes of Jenny Packham, Erdem and Alexander McQueen. But she is also known for styling it down on occasion, with a pair of jeans often her favourite informal attire. And a more low-key outfit was on the cards when she visited the RNLI Mumbles Lifeboat Station in the Mumbles near Swansea, and opted for a red Zara dress for the occasion. According to Elle, the visit in 2020 saw youngster Annabel Costello proudly waiting to meet Kate, hoping to meet a "real princess". Mother Rhian, however, had to explain to her then three-year-old that Kate was still a princess even if she was dressed down. JUST IN: Meghan fans rage at Kate as Duchess is accused of 'copying' on tour Reports show Kate said to the child: "I'm really sorry I'm not wearing a pretty dress today". Despite the admission, young Annabel told Kate that she "thought you'd look like Cinderella", the child's favourite Disney princess. Rhian added: "Kate was all smiles and very friendly. Annabel was so taken with her, she went up and gave her a huge hug and I was extremely surprised that Kate embraced her in such a way. "I hope in ten years Annabel can look back and realise what an amazing encounter this has been." DON'T MISS:Austrian press mocks William and Kate in stinging attack [INSIGHT]Kate and Prince William 'set up' as protest derailed Jamaica visit [ANALYSIS]William's admission about royal future: 'Not top of my priority list' [LATEST] While on their most recent tour the Cambridges did their best to win over disgruntled locals like trying many delicacies native to the various Caribbean islands. This included when Kate tried 'conch pistol' — a traditional dish reported to have the same effects as viagra. With a crowd cheering her on, Kate enjoyed the conch, claiming she was "a little bit more adventurous than William". William claimed, however, he "could handle it" as the pair engaged in some friendly swipes. After trying the conch salad, Kate described it as "delicious". William then reportedly made a stop at a bar, telling those watching that "this is my stop". While there, he was offered a drink of Gullywash, a coconut juice drink with condensed milk. The future King joked: "You guys talk amongst yourself I’m staying here." While the moment was one of the more light-hearted the Cambridges experienced on their latest foreign excursion, the local media was quick to analyse their trip. The Jamaican Observer was among the titles that reviewed the visit, noting the "cheers and jeers" faced by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. In a piece, the publication wrote: "Sharply contrasting reactions emanated from Jamaicans in the capital city on Tuesday as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge William and Catherine arrived here for a three-day visit that has brought to the fore the extent to which the country is divided on the British Royal Family. "While some high-profile Jamaicans protested against the visit metres away from the British High Commission in New Kingston – some declaring the royals persona non grata – ordinary folk in Trench Town, St Andrew, greeted the couple with loud cheers and jubilation on their arrival for a celebration of the seminal legacy of Bob Marley and other ground-breaking Jamaican musicians alongside some of tomorrow’s stars. "However, there were even greater cheers for Jamaican international football stars Raheem Sterling and Leon Bailey, who engaged the Kingston College football team in a friendly game prior to the arrival of William and Kate. When the royals arrived, The Prince joined the game and played on Sterling’s team."