Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel has hit out at fans who chanted Roman Abramovich's name whilst Turf Moor paid tribute to Ukraine before Saturday's Premier League clash. Abramovich has put Chelsea up for sale amid backlash during Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which has united the sporting world in support. The Blues put on a second-half supershow as they thrashed Burnley 4-0 in Lancashire through Reece James' opener, a Kai Havertz brace and Christian Pulisic's fourth. Before kick-off, Turf Moor joined all 10 Premier League grounds this weekend by showing solidarity with Ukraine through a minute's applause. However, sections of the Chelsea support interrupted the sign of respect by paying tribute to their outgoing Russian owner, chanting 'Roman Abramovich', much to the disgust of the home crowd. And Tuchel made sure to condemn the actions after full-time, stressing the need for unity between clubs during a torrid time for the people of Ukraine. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has message for Man City and Liverpool He told reporters: "It's not the moment to do this. Listen, if we show solidarity, we show solidarity, and we should do it together. "We take the knee together, and if an important person from our club or another club unfortunately dies, we show a minute of respect. It's not the moment to give other messages. It's the moment to show respect. "We do this because this is what we are also as a club. We show respect as a club, and we need our fans to commit to this minute of applause. "At this moment, we do it for Ukraine, and there is no second opinion about the situation there. They have our thoughts and our support. We should stand together as a club. It's not the moment for other messages." READ MORE: Conor McGregor: Could UFC icon buy Chelsea? Man Utd fan's net worth Last Saturday, Abramovich announced that he had stepped back from his full-front duties and had handed 'stewardship of the club' to the trustees of the Chelsea Foundation. Days later, after much debate over the true meaning of his statement, the 55-year-old confirmed he was looking to end his 19-year run as Chelsea owner, putting the club up for sale. Abramovich's alleged relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin immediately put him under pressure after the nation attacked Ukraine. And with the United Kingdom government posing sanctions on Russian businesses and figures, Abramovich will hope to sell before risking having his assets frozen. Unsurprisingly, the European champions aren't short of suitors, with plenty of high-profile interest already confirmed. Swiss businessman Hansjorg Wyss has partnered with American billionaire Todd Boehly in a bid to buy the club - currently thought to have the most chance of success. Turkish energy and technology magnate Muhsin Bayrak has also entered the bidding, whilst UFC icon Conor McGregor has revealed his interest on Twitter. But any deal might be in danger if the UK government decide to hit Abramovich with sanctions as the crisis in Ukraine escalates. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.