Government-backed NS&I savings accounts have been popular with Britons since the 1950s. Last month NS&I raised the interest rate meaning some savers will get more for their money. Britons who have NS&I Direct Saver and Income Bonds will benefit from an interest rate increase on their savings. Last month the interest rate paid on both accounts rose from 0.35 percent gross/AER to 0.50 percent gross/AER. Ian Ackerley, chief executive of NS&I, said the decision was made to bring the accounts in line with its competitors. He said: “The new interest rates will ensure that our products are priced in line with the broader savings sector.” READ MORE: Benefits claimants could get council tax discount - eligibility rules The Direct Saver is an easy access savings account which can be managed online or over the phone. Interest is paid annually on this savings account. Income Bonds are another easy access account but interest is paid monthly. NS&I said Income Bonds could be ideal for those who want to continuously add to their pot. DON'T MISS:Nationwide offers 2.5% interest on savings but for a ‘limited time’ [INSIGHT]State pensioners could get £3,000 annual boost - and sum is rising [UPDATE)State pension amount: Check your sum and whether you can increase it [ANLAYSIS] Premium Bonds on the other hand are popular because of the promise of potentially scooping the £1million monthly jackpot. However, some commentators have questioned whether Britons would be better investing their money elsewhere. Financial journalist Martin Lewis suggested people to weigh up their options before making a decision. He said it could be a good option for some, concluding: “The more bonds you have the more chance you have of winning." Meanwhile, £74million in Premium Bonds prizes is sitting around unclaimed. Although NS&I contacts all winners to give them the good news, some people forget to update their address details when they move. On the NS&I website it says:“You never need to worry about an unclaimed prize. “We’ll hold on to it until you get in touch with us.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People can use the prize checker to see if they have any unclaimed prizes. The tool is available on the NS&I website. Alternatively they can download the NS&I prize checker app for Google or Apple - or they can ask Alexa. The next Premium Bonds prize draw will take place on Friday April 1.