The Shadow Business Secretary joined BBC Newsnight to discuss the UK Government's response to the cost of living crisis. Jonathan Reynolds, who had his majority slashed from 8,084 to 2,946 in the 2019 General Election, even made direct calls for Rishi Sunak to not only focus on energy bills but also axe his scheduled rise in National Insurance. The MP for Stalybridge & Hyde said: "The scale of the challenge means we would do anything that helps us with the cost of living. "But let's be clear, if it's 5p off fuel duty that’s £2 off when you fill up your car... It’s not going to be the scale of what’s required." He added: "We're talking about the Chancellor making the situation worse but the minimum he should do is not make it worse. "He should obviously do things to help people but right now he's looking like he's not going to do that." JUST IN: GB News: Carole Malone hits back at Boris speech critics - 'Remoaner hypocrisy' The Chancellor has also faced calls from trade unions, businesses and Tory MPs to boost support for Brits in these pocket pinching times. A group of around 50 Conservative MPs, led by Harlow's Robert Halfon, have even ramped up pressure on Mr Sunak to push ahead with a fuel duty cut. Fuel prices have reached record-highs with diesel hitting 176.76 pence per litre and petrol increasing to 165.4 pence per litre in mid-March, according to RAC. However, the Chancellor's spring statement comes shortly after the Bank of England also projected inflation to exceed 7 percent later this year. Another cost which looks set to batter Brits is the additional £693 the average UK household will spend on their gas and electricity bills. The Government has responded to the crisis by introducing a £150 council tax rebate, which would help around 80 percent of British households. But Shevaun Haviland, director-general at the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC), called on the Treasury to do more. Among the recommendations was for the 1.25 percent National Insurance increase to be delayed by at least a year. DON'T MISS:Boris Johnson ‘right that Britain wanted to be free from EU’ ‒ POLL [HAVE YOUR SAY]Boris set for crunch face-to-face showdown with EU -warning issued [LATEST]Remoaners blame expat exodus on Brexit ignoring war and energy crisis [REVEAL]