Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, have returned to the UK after an eight-day tour across the Commonwealth’s Caribbean realms. The royal couple were met with a series of protests, calling for reparations over the monarchy's link to the slave trade. As the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge departed from the Bahamas on Saturday, William released an unprecedented statement about the future governance of Commonwealth nations. The Duke claimed that the tour had brought questions about the past and the future “into even sharper focus”.  It’s been reported that William is thinking about both his future and the monarchy’s.Given the Queen’s recent ill health, and as second-in-line to the throne, the Prince’s responsibilities are ramping up.Although it may be a while before William ascends the throne, he is reportedly thinking about what kind of king he wants to be, when the time comes, and how certain protocols and strategy would need to evolve. However, the Duke of Cambridge has not always given this much thought to his time as monarch.In an interview with the BBC in 2016, William said that his role as the future king is “not at the top of my priority list” and that he only considers what he will do with the monarchy “quietly” when he has a moment.He told royal correspondent Nicholas Witchell: “It’s not something that, right now, is at the top of my priority list to think about.“I think about it just quietly when I get a few minutes or when something pops up and it reminds you to think about it.” William did note the importance of modernising the monarchy and remaining relevant.He said: “I think the Royal Family has to modernise and develop as it goes along and it has to stay relevant.“That’s the challenge for me – how do I make the Royal Family relevant in the next 20 years time?“It could be 40 years time or 60 years time. DON'T MISS: 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches after awkward photo moment [LATEST]Kate Middleton and Prince William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy thunderstorms’ [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Are Commonwealth countries waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [ANALYSIS] “I certainly don’t lie awake at night waiting or hoping for it because it sadly means my family has moved on and I don’t want that.”At the time, William told the BBC that he was focusing on being a father and an air ambulance pilot, saying that while he takes “duty very seriously”, he wanted to find his own way “at the right time” and “develop into a duty role”.Now, the prince has a more involved role and both he and Kate are seen as the faces of the future monarchy.Daily Mail’s royal editor Rebecca English claims that William’s unprecedented statement last week shows that the Duke is moving to “modernise the monarchy by ending its long-standing 'never complain, never explain' policy”. Typically, the Royal Family takes a stoic approach to public relations and prefers to stand back amid press frenzy around certain royal scandals.On Sunday, Ms English wrote that William “respects” this approach used by both Prince Charles and the Queen, he believes a shift is needed.One source told the Daily Mail: “The prince believes that for him, the days of 'never complain' are over. "He definitely won't be speaking out regularly but believes if the monarchy has something to say, then it should say it. “He's not being critical of the Queen, far from it. He admires her absolutely and has learnt so much from her. “But he is looking ahead to how things will be in 40 years' time. He wants the monarchy to continue to be a unifying force, to bridge the gap.“He listens to people, he really does, and has got a very clear vision for the future. He's very alive to what is modern and relevant and is very thoughtful. He wants to take his grandmother's success and build on it, his way.”