Sky News presenter Sophy Ridge questioned the reasoning behind Boris Johnson trying to compare the war in Ukraine with Brexit. The Prime Minister sparked a backlash after saying it is the “instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom”, with the Brexit vote a “famous recent example”. Chancellor Rishi Sunak insisted the two situations were not "analogous". But despite Mr Sunak's attempts to defend Mr Johnson, Ms Ridge insisted the comments were "pretty crass" considering the struggle Ukrainians are facing now. The presenter also noted "Ukraine wants to join the EU. The Chancellor replied: "And that should be their right. And that's part of the situation Putin finds...he doesn't like the idea at all. "They're not directly analogous situations. And I don't believe the Prime Minister was saying they were either." JUST IN: 'Nothing's coming! Germany 'breaks promise to send arms to Ukraine' as tensions rise Ms Ridge hit back: "We just listened to him, I literally just played you exactly what the Prime Minister said. So we're not taking this out of context at all." The Chancellor insisted the Prime Minister did not see the situation in Ukraine as analogous to Brexit. The Sky host said: "So you agree with the Prime Minister that the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine choose freedom every time, such as with Brexit? Mr Sunak replied: "I do think people of this country prize their freedom, of course they do. "There's lots of different ways they express that, whether it's through elections or through referendum and other democratic means. Right now, the people of Ukraine are fighting for their freedom." READ MORE: 'Leading the West' Brexit Britain tipped to rebuild key alliance after major EU blunder  Ms Ridge quipped: "It's pretty crass, though, to draw those two things together." The comparison was criticised by Tory peer Lord Barwell, who served as Theresa May's chief of staff in Number 10, The peer said voting in the 2016 referendum "isn't in any way comparable with risking your life" in a war with Vladimir Putin's forces. Writing on Twitter, he said: "Apart from the bit where voting in a free and fair referendum isn't in any way comparable with risking your life to defend your country against invasion + the awkward fact the Ukrainians are fighting for the freedom to join the EU, this comparison is bang on." DON'T MISS:Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL]  Former European Council president Donald Tusk said the Prime Minister "offend Ukrainians, the British and common sense" with his comments. There was also a rebuke from senior French diplomats, including the country's ambassador in the UK. And Labour's shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves said the Prime Minister should apologise to both Ukrainians and Britons for appearing to link the war in eastern Europe to the 2016 referendum on the UK's European Union membership. Ms Reeves told Sky News's Sophy Ridge On Sunday programme: "It is utterly distasteful and insulting to compare the fight for freedom and the aggression of the Russian state to the decision to leave the European Union. "It is insulting to the Ukrainian people who are fighting for their very freedom and their very lives, and it is insulting to the British people as well. "If the Prime Minister didn't mean that analogy, he shouldn't have made it and he should take back those words and apologise to the Ukrainian people and the British people for those crass remarks he made yesterday."