Zoe McGee is a First Officer for Royal Caribbean and is currently onboard the cruise line’s newest ship, Wonder of the Seas. She’s worked for the company for over 10 years and shared her top advice with Express.co.uk. Zoe told Express.co.uk: “My career at sea started back in August 2022 as a deck cadet onboard Adventure of the Seas. “Since then, I have worked onboard Vision of the Seas, Legend of the Seas and most recently Anthem of the Seas.” But what’s a typical day like for a cruise first officer? Zoe told Express.co.uk: “Every contract you’re assigned a discipline to be responsible for, these are split into Navigation, Lifesaving, Firefighting and in some cases Deck Maintenance. READ MORE: Property boom in Portugal as houses sell in less than a week “Outside of our disciplines we also have our bridge watchkeeping duties. Most ships have three first officers and we each do eight hours of watchkeeping a day. “You may be on the night watch starting 00:00-05:00 one week, other weeks the arrival watch starting at 05:00-10:00. “Your body clock is definitely confused at some points! Our contract lengths are between three to four months onboard.” Zoe told Express.co.uk the best thing about her role is the “friendships you make, all whilst travelling the world”. Scared of seasickness on a cruise? Zoe said: “We do get asked the sea sickness question a lot, the good news is we do avoid the rough weather as much as possible but, while it’s rare on ships the size of ours, sometimes with certain swells you will experience a little motion in the ocean. “To help the best thing would be to pick a cabin which is more central, avoid being forward or aft and stay on the lower decks to minimise the movement.” The lower decks are likely to be the best position for passengers who suffer from seasickness. Zoe also shared a secret tip for new cruise passengers. She said: “A little inside tip would be to bring small magnetic hooks. “Most cabins will have magnetic walls, so little hooks are perfect for a small beach towel or bikini. “I have them in my cabin near the door so I never forget my keys before I go to work.” Royal Caribbean ships are renowned for the huge range of activities onboard. Guests might even struggle to fit everything in. Zoe said: “The iFly, the indoor skydiving simulator, onboard the Quantum Class ships really is an amazing experience. “On Oasis Class, the Central Park and AquaTheatre are just out of this world. The last thing you would expect to find at sea is open air restaurants in the middle of a ‘living garden’ with real trees and plant walls!” Guests might find it hard to pack everything for a holiday at sea but imagine packing for three to four months. Zoe told Express.co.uk: “The one thing I still have not learnt is how to pack light. I notoriously bring everything but the kitchen sink when I sign on!”