Whether it's a buildup of soap scum or streaky limescale, glass shower doors fall victim to all manner of unaesthetic marks. Although keeping them clean can feel like a never-ending challenge, you don't need to shell out on expensive cleaning products in order to achieve the sparkling doors of your dreams. In fact, some simple items you may have tucked away in your kitchen cupboard or fridge could hold the solution to smudge-free glass doors. Both white vinegar and lemon are frequently hailed for their multi-purpose cleaning uses around the home, and it's no exception when it comes to glass. The key to these items is their high acidity content. White vinegar's high acid content means that it can counteract build-ups of limescale and dissolve soap scum. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass Lemon, on the other hand, is one of the best natural cleaners due to its high citric acid content, low pH and antibacterial properties. An added bonus of lemon is it smells fresh and does not leave behind a nasty odour. White vinegar and lemon are also much cheaper to purchase than a store-bought cleaning product. White vinegar can be bought from supermarkets such as Asda for as little as 89p. Lemons can be purchased for as little as 20p for one fruit. DON'T MISSInside Princess Michael of Kent's former £5.75million haunted house [REVEALED]The key date you should switch your heating off to maximise savings [INSIGHT]The pros and cons to buying in the current housing market [REPORT] Mix equal parts white vinegar with pure water in an empty spray bottle. Next, spray your shower glass leaner all over the doors and wipe clean with a soft, clean cloth. The more often you do this, the easier the job will be. For more stubborn stains, leave the vinegar and water mixture to sit for a while before cleaning away. To reduce the risk of stains, use a squeegee to cut through any leftover water or residue. Give the soap scum and watermarks a scrub with a soft sponge and rinse the solution off with water. To buff the glass so there are no streaks, consider using a microfibre cloth or some kitchen towel. If you have a sliding glass door, vinegar can help clean out the scum in the tracks. Cover your drains with a paper towel and then pour white vinegar into the tracks. Let this sit overnight, and then remove the paper and wipe out any leftover vinegar. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Lemon can be particularly useful if you have a buildup of stubborn limescale. This is a cleaning hack recommended by cleaning influencer Lynsey Crombie, also known as "The Queen of Clean". To begin, cut a standard lemon in half and cover the chopped side in baking soda. Then, squeeze the lemon so its juices squirt out. Using the lemon, massage the baking soda and lemon juice mix onto your shower screen. The abrasiveness of the baking soda and the lemon juice should remove any limescale and soap scum. Sharing to Instagram, Crombie said: “Add the refreshing invigorating smell of lemons to your home. “I love love love cleaning with lemons. The acid in the juicy lemons is antibacterial and acts as a natural bleach."