The Duke of Sussex founded the Invictus Games in 2014, with the event running sports for wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. This year’s edition of the sporting games takes place in The Hague in the Netherlands. A video released on social media shows Harry learning Dutch and wearing an all orange outfit. In the video, retweeted by the Invictus Games Foundation, Harry appears on a video call learning Dutch from four people. He says: "One more time guys, please, you know I need to get this right, and I really want to get it right as well, so how do I say 'Good afternoon, you've done a great job' in Dutch?" He is praised for his attempt at saying the sentence in Dutch, and then asks: "And what else, anything else I need to know?" One of the people helping him says: "Can you say stroopwafel?" And he replies: "Stroopwafel. Love those." Harry asks the people on the call: "Do you think I'm ready?" And he is told: "We think you're ready." Speaking in Dutch, Harry says: "Thank you. See you soon in The Hague." Harry is told to not forget his hat, at which point he dons an orange hat, orange sunglasses and unzips his jacket to reveal an orange T-shirt and stands up to show off orange trousers. Pointing at the camera, Harry says: "Let's go. We're ready." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry's heartbreak over UK visit as 'mentor' unwell The tweet also said: "Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex, is getting ready for the Netherlands with some Dutch lessons. "We look forward to giving him a warm welcome in The Hague. "As we all prepare for The Games, our thoughts are with Team Ukraine, as well as their friends & family." The video came hours after a spokesperson for Harry confirmed on Friday he would not be attending his grandfather's Service of Thanksgiving which is due to be held at Westminster Abbey on March 29. Royal biographer Angela Levin slammed the Duke as a “child stamping his feet” over the decision and said the move was tantamount to “blackmail”. She also warned the Duke dropping out of major events at the last minute could be used as leverage to secure personal protective security in the UK. Speaking to the MailOnline, Ms Levin also warned although Harry “has snubbed the Duke of Edinburgh but really he is snubbing the Queen” who is still “grieving the loss of her husband of 73 years”. She told the outlet: “He has got this all wrong. If he comes over for a royal event he gets police protection. “What they won't do is, if he goes out with his friends he gets security. He'll probably use this same excuse to try to get out of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. “It's all about "me, me, me" rather than going out of his way for his grandmother and showing her he cares. He's behaving like a child stamping his feet.”