Just like any hairbrush, you need to clean a tangle teezer every few weeks to get rid of bacteria, hair and excess oil. After all, who wants to be dragging germs and grease through their strands on a daily basis? If you’re not sure where to start, Express.co.uk reveals how to clean a tangle teezer (according to the official advice). Even though tangle teezers have different aesthetics from regular brushes, you can clean them in the exact same way. Whatever you do though, don’t fully submerge your tangle teezer in water. The brushes can be used on wet hair, but it’s never good to leave your brush soaking wet as this can encourage mould to grow within the brush. READ MORE- Amner Hall: Will & Kate's 'modern family home' with £1.5m renovations You don’t need to open up a tangle teezer, contrary to the advice on social media. Some bloggers recommend splitting the brush in half and cleaning the inside, but that’s not necessary if you keep the exterior clean and replace your brush every six months to a year. Instead, follow Tangle Teezer’s official advice and use a wet toothbrush to do the job. Your brush will collect hair and the residue of styling products, so remove the loose hair to start with. Loosen the hair by using the tail-end of a comb but running through the cleaning groove in the middle of the teeth on the brush. Your hair will easily lift away and then you can dispose of it and start cleaning the brush. DON'T MISS...Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [INFORMER]Citric acid hacks: Three things to avoid cleaning with citric acid [INSIGHT]Cleaning: How to remove yellow stains from pillows - ‘my holy grail’ [EXPLAINER] The best way to clean your Tangle Teezer hairbrush is to run it under warm water, using a little shampoo to clean the bristles and the base. Fill a small bowl with soapy water and dip an old but clean toothbrush into the water. Then, gently brush over the teeth, between the teeth and on the base until any product build-up is removed.