Susanna Reid, 51, has taken to social media to reveal her latest transformation. The Good Morning Britain presenter looked phenomenal in a candid selfie showing off her new haircut. In the picture, shared with her 601,000 Instagram followers, Susanna smiled at the camera as she put her shoulder-length hair on display. She captioned the shot: “THANK YOU @c.j___hair for my fresh trim. Shirt @untaggedfashion” The new hairstyle sparked a barrage of comments from friends and fans who complimented the TV star. Host Steph McGovern wrote: “Ooooh I love that cut.” ITV star Lorraine Kelly simply stated: “Beautiful.” Susannaedits penned: “ah I love the caramel brownie hair!” Alan_oakes said: “Another stunning picture.” Susanna recently admitted she is putting her successful career to one side to concentrate on her personal life. She had previously revealed her intentions to take a step back from extra work outside of Good Morning Britain. Susanna said: "I’ve got one more documentary coming out, which has already been filmed, but I actually made a decision not to do extra work. "The boys are so close in age. I’ve just decided that they’ll be my focus this year," the broadcaster told The Sun's Fabulous Magazine. Susanna separated from her boyfriend of 16 years, Dominic Cotton, in 2014 after her stint on Strictly Come Dancing. DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [UPDATE]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [LATEST] The pair share three sons, Sam, 19, Finn, 17 and Jack, 16. Following her split from Dominic, Susanna began dating Crystal Palace chairman Steve Parish in 2018. However, the couple decided to part ways after a few months together. Speaking to Closer magazine, a source claimed Susanna wants to start focusing more on dating, as well as her family. They claimed: “She’s felt her entire life has centred on work for so long, and she wants to put herself and her family first. “She’s hoping to spend the extra time she’ll have by sacrificing extra work projects to work on herself too, as well as her boys, and that includes dating.” The source also claimed that spending less time at work will give Susanna more time to find “Mr right”.