Prince Charles has spoken out over the ongoing conflict in Ukraine following Russia's invasion last week. The heir apparent is visiting Southend-on-Sea today (March 1) with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, to mark the area's new city status. In his speech on Tuesday, Charles referred to Russia's invasion of Ukraine as a violation of democracy. Speaking as Southend is due to be granted city status in the wake of the killing of Sir David Amess, the royal said: "What we saw in the terrible tragedy in Southend was an attack on democracy, on an open society, on freedom itself. "We are seeing those same values under attack today in Ukraine in the most unconscionable way. "In the stand we take here, we are in solidarity with all those who are resisting brutal aggression." READ MORE: Why Prince Charles' next outing is staggeringly important- 'Momentous'  Prince Charles' son and daughter-in-law, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, showed their solidarity with Ukraine in a personal tweet over the weekend. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine's future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future W & C." Prince Charles' trip to Southend-on-Sea on Tuesday is poignant, as it sees the conclusion of the hard work of the area's late MP, Sir David Amess. Sir David, who had long campaigned for Southend to be granted city status, was killed last year. Ali Harbi Ali, 25, was charged with the MP's murder and is due to go on trial at the Old Bailey later this year. Today Charles and his wife Camilla delivered a Letters Patent from the Queen granting city status to the Essex seaside area. Lady Julia Amess is also the first to be given the freedom of the city on behalf of her late husband. In his speech today, Charles said "no-one could have given more" than Sir David "for the values which underpin society we share". He added: "Values which appear all the more precious at this present time when we see, more starkly than for many years, the appalling suffering and devastation caused when the path of violence is chosen." Charles and Camilla will spend the day in Southend today, and they are expected to unveil a new eco-friendly pier train named after Sir David. Southend's Mayor Margaret Borton said of Charles' visit: "Formally receiving city status from His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales will be a special moment for Southend-on-Sea, and we are hugely honoured to receive a royal visit from Their Royal Highnesses on what is sure to be a momentous day for our new city."