Jurgen Klopp believes Liverpool must try “in every way” to convince Mohamed Salah to put pen to paper on a new contract at Anfield. The former Chelsea ace’s current contract is set to expire in the summer of 2023, when he will be allowed to depart Merseyside on a free transfer. Salah has been in scintillating form for the Reds this season, racking up an astonishing 27 goals and 10 assists in all competitions. However, the only blot in an otherwise faultless season has been the persistent questions about his contractual situation. Despite the fact he has stated he wants to commit his future to Anfield, a new contract is yet to be agreed between player and club. And reports from Anfield Watch understand Klopp is adamant that he believes Salah is a world class player who should be retained by the club. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE While Salah’s new deal has been most prominent, Liverpool is also set to lose Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane at the same time as the Egyptian. They too are only contractually committed to Liverpool until the summer of 2023, meaning the Reds could very well be without a frontline. While Takumi Minamino, Diogo Jota, and £37million January signing Luis Diaz would be waiting in the wings, losing all three players would likely be a disaster for Liverpool. Mane, Salah, and Firmino spearheaded the Reds’ Champions League and Premier League title triumph, while their League Cup success at Chelsea was achieved with an initial frontline of Mane, Diaz, and Salah. DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumour Klopp is not believed to be involved in any of the formal discussions around the contracts, but his opinion is believed to be very clear, particularly on Salah’s future. Various reports claim at least one of the tripartite may be sold or allowed to leave, while the future of Minamino has also been very uncertain. While an agreement is yet to have been found, Klopp has previously claimed the discussions between the Reds and Salah have been positive on the whole. “I don't know what I can say on top of what I said already,” Klopp said in January. '"What is the problem?" I wouldn't say there's a problem, to be honest, these are conversations. If two big companies try to come together out there usually in normal life, in business, that's not done overnight. "A big contract, it's not like buying a smartphone (that) you just sign one thing and it's done. There are a lot of things to consider – some on the club's side, some from the player's side and a lot from the agent's side. That's the thing, nothing else.” As well as leading what may still be an unlikely title challenge, Salah is currently leading the Premier League goalscoring charts with 19 league goals and 10 assists in 24 league appearances. Salah has flourished since arriving from Roma for around £34m in 2017, entrenching himself as one of the best players in world football. And the Egyptian stated he wants to stay at Liverpool at the start of January. "I want to stay but it's not in my hands, it's in their hands," said Salah. "They know what I want. I'm not asking for crazy stuff. "The thing is when you ask for something and they show you they can give you something because they appreciate what you did for the club."