Milder temperatures are due to be felt across much of the country as the weeks go forward. But this will not come before – if not also alongside – more bouts of heavy wind and some rain. Weather charts for the week ahead forecast a maximum wind gust of 37mph in parts of northern Scotland on Thursday evening. Earlier in the day, parts of Wales are also tipped to suffer 36mph gusts. Maximum gusts of only 30mph are likely to be seen across England. Cloud and rain is also forecasted in the “short-term” this week, according to the latest BBC Weather for the Week Ahead report. Into the approach to the weekend, however, pressures are tipped to build, bringing warmer temperatures. Thursday afternoon will bring temperatures of 13, 14, 15 degrees Celsius, according to the BBC. By Friday, warmer weather will spread across more of the UK, with temperatures of around 15-16 degrees. The low-teens are also forecasted to be recorded across much of western Europe. READ MORE: National Lottery shakeup as scratchcards to be phased out Wind will remain in parts of the country over the weekend itself. Conditions are likely to be “very blustery” particularly in western areas of the courtly, according to the BBC. But further inland, the wind will be held off and Britons will have a greater chance of experiencing the heat. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Cardiff is tipped to record a maximum temperature of 17 degrees on Saturday. The weather will be much the same on Sunday. The end of the weekend will, however, bring a slight chance of light showers, according to reports. Early next week, pressures will remain high with some more mid-teen temperatures looking likely to be put on record. But the end of next week, reports on which are as yet largely uncertain, could be more unsettled. There are currently no weather warnings from the Met Office for the week ahead. Upcoming warmer weather conditions suggest this is unlikely to change.