Some may associate hula-hoops as a popular school activity in PE lessons but they're actually very beneficial for adults as well. And they've risen up the ranks yet again and become one of the biggest fitness trends of 2022 so far. It may seem a bit gimmicky but experts champion weighted hula-hooping as an "easy way' to upgrade cardio sessions, burn fat and tone abs - all at the same time. Using a weighted hula-hoop can help a person meet their exercise goals and provide aerobic activity, even if it's for a few minutes at a time, a couple times during the day. Rebecca Myer, a personal trainer and founder of app Live Happy, revealed it could burn more calories in just a few minutes than other forms of exercise. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure "If you are hula hooping for more than a few minutes it will boost cardiovascular fitness," she said. "It's harder than it looks!" The well-rounded routine is a great workout in itself as she went on to add that it's "great for your balance and challenging your core muscles". DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "It also relies on your leg muscles working to help stabilise you," she explained. But be mindful when choosing the weight, as the heavier it is isn't always better. Dr Edward Laskowski, from the American Board of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, explains that the smaller and lighter the hoop, the more energy it takes to keep the hoop going. But if it's larger and heavier, it'll be easier to keep going. This means a person may be able to do it for a longer period of time. Studies have found that on average, women can burn about 165 calories in 30 minutes of hula hooping, whereas men burn about 200 calories in 30 minutes. The Department of Health and Human Services recommends people perform at least 150 minutes a week of moderate aerobic activity or 75 minutes a week of vigorous aerobic activity, or an equivalent combination of moderate and vigorous activity. A 2015 study showed that regular weighted hula-hooping was associated with a reduction in waist and hip girth. Another study conducted in 2019 demonstrated that weighted hula-hooping decreased abdominal fat percent in overweight subjects when compared to walking. Donna Walker, personal trainer and group fitness instructor at the Chicago Athletic Clubs, said: "It can also help burn body fat and reduce inches off the midsection. "It’s great for your core muscles and your lower body too. "If you choose to do arm work with the hula hoop, it’s total-body."