Reports suggest Mike Lynch from the Rail, Maritime and Transport Union, also known as the RMT has earned more than £750k in seven years. After becoming general secretary last year, he moved on to a package worth more than £124,000 and has earned £763,000 in salary and benefits since joining the RMT in 2015.  Mr Lynch, 60, has previously criticised celebrities complaining about "mansion tax" proposals by Ed Miliband as Labour leader in 2014. He also once offered to arrange rail tickets for the comedian Griff Rhys Jones to leave the country. Former RMT general secretary Bob Crow lived in a council house but Mr Lynch, a father of three, has settled in a west London home worth more than £730,000. The RMT leader, who once sighed "all I want from life is a bit of socialism", said his workers were striking over a "financial crisis at London Underground".  Strikers have been heavily criticised by the Government as London commuters struggled throughout the week to travel across the capital. Transport Minister Grant Shapps has slammed Tube workers whom he said are “repaying” taxpayers with strikes after they were bailed out during the Covid pandemic. The minister tweeted: “For the 2nd time this week, tube strikes have brought London to a standstill. “Given the Government has provided almost £5bn to protect services & TfL jobs throughout the pandemic, this is no way to repay hard-pressed taxpayers who are simply trying to get to work and home.”  READ MORE:Sadiq Khan booed while attending NME awards amidst tube strike Speaking of the strike, Mr Lynch said members would "not be derailed in our determination to reach a just settlement that protects jobs and pensions of Tube workers. "If London mayor Sadiq Khan spent as much time putting pressure on ministers for a long-term TfL funding deal, instead of accepting their cuts agenda and attacking our members, there would be no need for a strike." Mr Khan has accused union leaders of letting the Government “off the hook” by carrying out strikes that crippled London’s transport networks this week. Mr Khan told the PA news agency: “What I say to the RMT, with the greatest respect, is them having these strikes lets the Government – who are responsible for the pensions review – off the hook, and punishes Londoners, punishes Londoners’ businesses, many who have really struggled over the last two years. “We saw on Tuesday and Thursday Londoners not being able to go to hospital appointments, Londoners not being able to go to college. “Many Londoners who can’t work from home having two, three, four-hour journeys to get to their place of work. “What the RMT should be doing is getting around the table with TfL, who are willing to talk.”  DON'T MISS:Ukraine joining the EU is a ‘symbolic’ [EXCLUSIVE]Welsh ex-soldier travels to Ukraine to 'protect lives' [REPORT]Putin farce as Russian commanders KILLED [INSIGHT] The London mayor insisted TfL “would have gone bankrupt” if it had not accepted the Government’s funding package. Mr Khan added: “That doesn’t benefit the RMT or its members. “That’s why I say to the RMT ‘get back round the table, talking is far better than striking’.” Mr Lynch said on Thursday his members were "not prepared to take a hammering" to pay for the funding crisis at Transport for London has caused job cuts and review of staff pensions. He added: "The fight goes on and our executive will consider the next steps in the campaign.”  Some of the RMT's most senior officials have attracted controversy by their views and actions. In relation to Mr Lynch's salary and benefits package, a spokesman from RMT speaking to The Times said: "At the 2021 AGM Mick Lynch took a voluntary pay cut to £84,174. "The salaries of all RMT officials are wholly transparent and are decided through the union's democratic structures." 