Buses that don’t stop at every bus stop and a ban on cars and taxis on major roads are among the plans revealed yesterday to make London’s bus fleet faster. Transport for London (TFL) aims to cut journey times by 10 percent amid rising numbers of cars on the capital’s roads. TFL’s bus action plan also hopes to eliminate all bus deaths and serious injuries by 2030, the Evening Standard reported. The plan promises 25km of new bus lanes in the next three years and the idea of more streets being pedestrianised. Already, Tottenham Court Road only permits buses and bikes on the street between 8am and 7pm Monday to Saturday. TfL also wants to have its 9,000-vehicle bus fleet electrified but says £500m of help from the Government would be needed for this to happen by 2030, rather than the 2034 current target date. READ MORE: Thousands of classic cars to become tax-exempt Average bus speeds have currently fallen below 10mph, reportedly due to an increase in cars on the roads, including delivery vehicles. However TFL’s hopes of improving bus journey times will be made more difficult by a four per cent reduction in bus mileage, being brought in to save money. TFL has received more than £4.5billion in Government bailout funding and needs to raise cash. TfL’s action plan states: “We believe that, on balance, these reductions will not significantly damage our ability to attract people back to our network or the Mayor’s and Government’s shared policy objectives. DON'T MISSClassic cars should not be taxed the same as commuter cars [INSIGHT]Classic cars to receive ‘100 percent discount’ for car tax changes [COMMENT]Classic car owners could be ‘penalised a lot more’ in car tax changes [ANALYSIS] It continued: “However, at this point further reductions would not be supported by evidence and could put London’s recovery in jeopardy. “We need to welcome our customers back, encourage them to use the bus for more of their trips and attract car drivers to use the bus.” TfL says the traffic reduction changes on Tottenham Court Road “improved journey times on four bus routes, as well as reducing congestion across the area”. It announced late last year that the majority of bus lanes on London’s red routes would be converted to operate all hours of the day, every day. TfL wants to improve bus safety by installing “intelligent speed assistance” that limits speeds, tackling fatigue in bus drivers, with “fatigue detection technology” being rolled out to 500 buses by the end of 2022. Louise Cheeseman, TfL’s director of buses, said: “We are excited to set out our bus strategy for the rest of this decade, which is all about creating a bus service reflective of our customers and their evolving needs, supporting a sustainable recovery from the pandemic, making London a net zero city by 2030 and improving people’s safety and wellbeing. “Buses are already an efficient, convenient form of public transport and London has the largest green bus fleet in western Europe, but we need to raise the bar. “Ultimately, it’s about making the bus the natural choice over the car.”Express buses that skip stops as well as additional bus priority lanes are also among the plans being considered by TfL. TfL's most recent bus speed figures show that the average speed on one route between Fulham and Central London was just 6.4mph - roughly a medium jogging pace. The number 11 bus arrives every seven to 10 minutes and CityMapper data shows it can take up to 80 minutes to get from Fulham Town Hall to Primrose Street during rush hour. A petition has been set up by Chelsea and Fulham MP Greg Hands and Kensington and Chelsea councillors to try and make the bus more frequent.