They say the Government has "seriously underestimated" the cost - leaving a funding gap of £850million. Unless this is plugged, next year's social care reforms will force widespread closures, a shortage of beds and rationing of vacancies, fear England's main councils and providers. Care England chief executive Professor Martin Green said it risks "catastrophic financial failure" and "an inability to invest", making it impossible for homes to stay open. Cllr Martin Tett of the County Councils Network (CCN) said: "At the present funding level, these proposals could have a serious impact. "They could lead to widespread home closures and a rationing of care for the hundreds of thousands of people who need it each year." People who can pay for residential care fork out an average of 40 percent more than other elderly people who have a state-funded place. Proposals called a Fair Cost of Care allow private payers to ask councils to arrange their care at lower local authority rates. The Government will give councils a yearly fund of £378million to help stop homes from losing money from October next year. But the sum is less than half the minimum £850million needed, says analysis by healthcare specialists LaingBuisson for the CCN and the Care England group of providers. Director William Laing said: "Government money to enable councils to pay a fair cost for care is clearly inadequate. There is a risk of severe unintended consequences."  Homes in England could lose £560million of income a year - a loss of 3.8 percent on overall annual revenue. The Government says it will raise £36billion over the next three years from the 1.25 percent National Insurance hike set for April. But only £5.4billion of that is set to go on adult social care while most will help the NHS. The CCN warns the funding gap could be as high as £940million and wants the Government to bring forward funding for local government in the Health and Social Care Levy. Otherwise councils will be "left between a rock and hard place" and facing hiking council tax or cutting services to make up the difference. 40% How much more self-funders pay to stay in residential homes fork age £560m Amount of annual income English care homes may lose  NEXT October big changes will happen in social care - ones that have yet to grab much attention. People who arrange and pay for their own care will be able to ask their council to do it on their behalf. Crucially, this will mean private fees will fall closer to the lower rates councils pay. Local authorities have for years faced funding cuts and had little option but to reduce fees paid to providers. This left self-funders paying 40 per cent more on average, keeping the system afloat. Reducing this cross-subsidy will mean providers lose revenue, so the Government is to fund councils to pay higher care fees. So far, so good. We support the Government's intention.  However, today's research shows ministers have underestimated the costs of this change. They have so far committed £378million a year, which is significant, but not enough. If half of private payers ask for council help, and councils can only raise fees to the amount funded by the Government, providers could face £560million a year losses. Industry body Care England warns this could lead to "catastrophic financial failure" for care homes. An extra £854million a year is needed to avoid closures and deliver ministers' laudable aims. Councils can't afford the shortfall. •Tim Oliver is Chairman of the County Councils Network 