With the Kremlin continuing its barbaric assault on its neighbouring country, a large number of people in Russia angry at the actions of their government are signing a petition demanding an end to the attack. Caught off-guard by the invasion, they blame Putin for waging a war there is little appetite for among the general population. With stunned Russian families discussing the act of aggression around kitchen tables, Western officials believe Putin misunderstood the mood of the public. One official said: "Most Russians, I think it's fair to say, were totally shocked by the decision to invade. "They didn't expect it. "It was known by a very very small group and people simply couldn't believe it was contemplated. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "They found the news perhaps even more shocking than we did." An estimated 11 million people in Russia have Ukrainian relatives, due to the historic close links between the two countries. Independent and foreign news outlets have been shut down in Russia to try and control the narrative of the attack. Journalists in Russia are banned from referring to the incursion of Ukraine as an "invasion" or "war", and instead must use Putin's preferred description of a "special military operation". Despite the Kremlin passing new propaganda laws to attempt to crack down on reporting of the situation, officials say ordinary Russian citizens are hearing directly from friends and family based in the besieged country directly, giving them an accurate picture of Putin's barbaric attacks. "Many, many are utterly horrified," a Western official added. DON'T MISS:William and Kate open up on dealing with kid's Ukraine questions [INSIGHT]Putin's 'ONLY' Achilles' heel exposed as 'schism' poses 'threat' [UPDATE]I know the truth, but try telling that to millions watching propaganda [COMMENT]  Officials paint a picture of millions of Russians terrified of the fall out of the war and concerned about the impact it will have on their own lives. Mothers in particular are concerned their sons could be forced to fight on the front line. An official said: "We're seeing educated middle class Russians leaving, parents of teenage boys are really scared of conscription. "They don't want to fight in Putin's war. "I think this underlines that Putin doesn't understand Russia and particularly not young, educated Russians. "Many cultural and media figures spoke out immediately. "I think 1.2 million have now signed the 'het boйhe' no to war petition. "The small scale protests are continuing, with 13,000 arrests so far."