Manchester United have been warned that Cristiano Ronaldo can quickly change his mind after reports of the forward’s future plans emerged. Red Devils supporters will be concerned by a comment made by Juventus director Maurizio Arrivabene.   Ronaldo completed a blockbuster return to United last summer but his first season back at Old Trafford has not entirely gone to plan. The legendary figure has scored 18 goals across all competitions but his side have performed inconsistently. United crashed out of the Champions League this week, losing to Atletico Madrid across two legs. They also face a monumental battle with Arsenal, West Ham and Tottenham for fourth in the Premier League. Some reports have suggested that Ronaldo is considering his future, with the 37-year-old supposedly unhappy with United’s progress this season. However, it now appears the Portuguese star has decided to see out the remainder of the two-year deal he signed last summer.   JUST IN: Man City boss Pep Guardiola's blunt two-word reply to Haaland question According to the Daily Telegraph, Ronaldo will continue at Old Trafford next season, regardless if United qualify for the Champions League or not. But comments made by Juventus director Arrivabene suggests United should not count on the veteran wearing a United shirt for another 12 months just yet. Ronaldo was apparently set to remain at Juventus before a last-minute decision to leave prompted his £20million switch to England. Arrivabene told Corriere dello Sport: “I saw a motivated Ronaldo on the first days of the pre-season. I thought he’d stay, but then he took a different decision and we know what happened." The comments make clear that Ronaldo, who apparently earns a whopping £775,000 per week, could still choose to leave during the summer transfer window. He would not be short of suitors; Paris Saint-Germain and even Manchester City could revisit their interest from last year.   DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte hits out at Arteta over Arsenal fixture complaintLiverpool told to sign £50m star who Man Utd made have made top targetChelsea takeover: Six 'serious' bidders ahead of 9pm deadline But Ronaldo reportedly has two reasons for wanting to remain at United. He supposedly believes the club’s hierarchy have made the correct choice over their next manager, with Ralf Rangnick set to step away from his interim role at the end of the season. And the striker is also adamant that whoever that next head coach is will be backed in the transfer window. United have already been linked with a plethora of transfer targets. Former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax head coach Erik Ten Hag are believed to be the favourites to replace Rangnick. Both recently saw their sides knocked out of the Champions League, with Pochettino’s PSG future particularly unclear.