Conor McGregor is one of the latest candidates to throw his hat into the ring to purchase Chelsea Football Club. Roman Abramovich confirmed that he had put the London outfit up for sale after 19 years at the club. Chelsea have progressed into one of the top clubs in Europe since Abramovich took over in 2003, winning numerous trophies and forming an incredibly strong squad and academy. However, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine meant that it was only a matter of time before Abramovich was departing. Since the club announced that it was up for sale, several billionaires have been linked with the Stamford Bridge outfit. And former UFC featherweight and lightweight double-champion McGregor has publicly spoken of how he is also in the running to purchase the club. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell The Irishman tweeted earlier this week: “Chelsea for sale £3bn. Let’s buy it.” He then doubled down on Friday by responding to a news article about Abramovich selling Chelsea by saying: “I hereby put forward my offer of £1.5bn. Of course, McGregor’s bid is likely to be deemed insufficient, but it does beg the question of whether he is financially capable of buying Chelsea – and whether he is truly interested given that in 2015 he admitted to being a Manchester United fan. The 33-year-old earned approximately £20-£25m for each of his UFC bouts, with his ventures outside of the cage earning him the main bulk of his wealth, notably his boxing match against Floyd Mayweather in 2017. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration McGregor is estimated to be worth approximately £135million, so one would assume he will struggle to collate the funds to put an offer on the table that would tempt Abramovich. But that isn’t to say that the Dublin-born fighter couldn’t join forces with other investors and be the face of a consortium. However, he will need to act fast as reports are circulating of numerous different billionaires registering an interest in purchasing Chelsea. Nevertheless, Turkish billionaire Muhsin Bayrak appears convinced that the businessman will be the Blues’ new owner. Earlier this week, he said: “We are discussing the terms of Chelsea’s purchase with Roman Abramovich’s lawyers. “We’re negotiating signatures. We will soon fly the Turkish flag in London. “Our lawyers and Roman Abramovich’s have been in touch since the first day Chelsea entered the sales process. “The negotiation process has come to an end and we are planning to sign soon. This sale is also very important for Turkey.” It remains to be seen whether Bayrak’s confidence in getting a deal over the line is reciprocated by Abramovich or whether the Russian businessman will entertain offers from elsewhere before committing to a sale.