The outbreak of war in Ukraine has put an end to the public rhetoric over the mechanism created by the Brexit withdrawal agreement. But behind the scenes today, UK officials will make a renewed push for change. The Protocol effectively places a border down the Irish Sea, with goods travelling from Britain to Northern Ireland required to undergo customs checks. Unionists argue the checks are devastating the UK's internal market by creating frictions to trade from one part of the union to another. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and her EU counterpart Maroš Šefčovič had been meeting weekly in a bid to find a compromise over the way the Protocol was operated. However, they have not met since Russia's invasion of its neighbour. READ MORE: 'We are watching' EU warns over financial regulatory reform Both figureheads have found all their time dedicated to the crisis, as well as wanting to present a united front to Putin's aggression. Despite the absence of the two politicians, talks will continue as negotiators meet in a body known as the Specialised Committee. Prior to the breakout of war, Britain had been threatening to trigger Article 16 of the Protocol to legally suspend customs checks, unless the EU agreed to its demands for a wider renegotiation of the mechanism. Brussels warned such an action would lead to a trade war between Britain and the continent. It is unclear if the UK is still ready to take such action, with no public threats made since Russia launched its insurgence of Ukraine. Ministers are under pressure not to let the war become an excuse for a failure to progress in talks. DON'T MISS:Gibraltar Brexit farce: Life-saving ambulances denied entry to Spain [INSIGHT]Remainers slammed as EU ‘lags behind’ UK in helping Ukraine [REACTION]‘Brexit Britain by FAR Putin’s most powerful adversary’ expert claims [OPINION] Speaking at a Conservative event in Belfast last week, Tory MP Steve Baker described the protocol as "unfinished business". "Any suggestion that Putin has vetoed action to restore our constitutional settlement is outrageous," he said. "Brexiteers, rightly, would be shamed into silence if we attempted this ludicrous argument in reverse. "Violence doesn’t have a veto. "Neither Putin’s in Ukraine nor any closer to home. "It has been reprehensible how many supporters of the Northern Ireland Protocol have prayed in aid violence, and threats of it, to support their cause. That’s not how we do things. "I am confident that the EU is not going to start a trade war with us, let alone try and force Dublin to erect additional border infrastructure it doesn’t want. "Liz Truss must act now to keep promises made to Northern Irish and Conservative MPs."