Sevilla have already decided they don’t want to sign Anthony Martial from Manchester United at the end of the season, according to reports. The France international only joined the La Liga side back in January. Yet he’s still been inconsistent despite leaving Ralf Rangnick’s team behind. Martial was United’s top scorer in the 2019/2020 season, notching 23 times across all competitions as they qualified for the Champions League under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. But he struggled last term, netting just seven times following the arrival of Edinson Cavani on a free transfer. Martial went into the current season hoping to get back to his best but, after Cristiano Ronaldo returned, wasn’t given much of a chance. After toiling under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Rangnick, the 26-year-old was loaned to Sevilla in January. He’s blown hot and cold for the La Liga side so far, however, netting just once - in the Europa League. And, now, Football Transfers say that Martial’s time with Sevilla won’t be extended past the summer. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Martial was only landed by Monchi to help aid their La Liga title hopes, with the club competing with Real Madrid for Spanish football’s ultimate prize. Sevilla don’t want to extend his loan, nor are they interested in a permanent acquisition. A source is quoted as saying: “Sevilla won’t buy Martial even if they win the EuroMillions. “They are happy with him but they won’t sign him permanently. “Any further deal is not in their plans at all - just these six months to help them challenge Real Madrid for the title.” Sevilla weren’t the only team linked with Martial back in January. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Barcelona were also eyeing a deal yet, ultimately, landed the likes of Ferran Torres, Adama Traore and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang instead. And while Juventus also emerged as potential suitors, they spent their millions on landing Dusan Flahovic from Fiorentina. With Martial looking set to return to United, they could resist landing a new forward. It’s feasible a different manager to Rangnick may try and accommodate the former Monaco star given his immense talent. Alternately, United could put Martial on the market for a big price to use on reinforcements of their own. Speaking last month, Sevilla chief Monchi opened up on Martial. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He said: “When a player has the technical, tactical, physical qualities, what you have to do is touch the perfect spot for these qualities to reappear. “And we think we’re capable of finding this spot. “Possibly it could mean more affection, more support, more trust; speaking more to him, for his family to feel settled, for him to feel important. “There’s not one model for every player – everyone has their needs. “In these two weeks he’s been here, what I see is happiness.” Rangnick, meanwhile, explained his decision to loan out Martial and Donny van de Beek in the immediate aftermath of the January window. "As I said earlier on, I thought the group was slightly too big,” he said. “We had too many players and players not seeing the chance to get regular playing time, this is why I'm happy not only for the club and ourselves but for the players. “Donny, Anthony, and Amad deserve to get regular game time and I wish them all the very best. "I was in contact with all three players. “Amad has already played and scored in his first game and I'm pretty sure that Anthony and Donny will do well at Sevilla and Everton and hopefully come back in the summer in good form."