Costs from Experian Catalist, reported by the AA, shows diesel costs at a massive £1.61 per litre. Petrol is also up to £1.55 per litre as oil prices have surged above $139 per barrel. On average, estimates show forecourt costs are going up by around five pence per day in a blow to motorists. As prices spiral out of control for many, Halfords Motoring Director Richard Bruce has revealed how drivers can increase their fuel efficiency and save money on the road. This includes any large items such as prams, luggage or boxes which could weigh down a car. However, drivers should remove equipment such as roof and bike racks when they are not in use. READ MORE: RAC calls for car tax rates to be cut Drivers who travel above 65mph will be burning excess fuel. This is because the car works harder to fight drag which will burn through more fuel. The harder you press the pedals the more fuel you will use. Instead, drivers should accelerate and brake smoothly to get better MPG rates. DON'T MISSPetrol cars costing 10p more to drive per mile [INSIGHT]Petrol prices smash all-time highs as drivers queue [ANALYSIS]How will rising oil prices affect you? Petrol prices reach new highs [COMMENT] Mr Bruce said: “Incorrect tyre pressure is not only unsafe - it could be costing a small fortune in fuel. “The lower the tyre pressure, the more fuel each car will use to push them around, so keep them pumped up appropriately to reduce fuel consumption. “A correctly inflated tyre will also help to maximise its lifespan. “If a tyre is almost worn, I suggest investing in tyres with a low rolling resistance.” Replacing a clogged fuel filter, worn spark plugs or old engine oil will help to improve your MPG. Halfords warns regular servicing will also help retain the value of your vehicle when you come to sell it. Mr Bruce warns: “Your air-con puts extra strain on the engine to keep the car cool, so open the window at low speeds instead. “On the other hand, if you're driving fast, close the window and turn the air con on - this will help to reduce drag and improve the aerodynamics of the vehicle.” Halfords warns drivers should check fuel prices online before filling up. By doing some research, drivers can ensure they get the best prices without the need to waste time and money driving between stations. Many supermarkets also offer loyalty schemes where drivers can get money off for earning points.