A British correspondent in Kyiv has shamed a Kremlin propaganda outlet over Russian coverage of the besieged city of Mariupol in Ukraine. Foreign correspondent Oliver Carroll took to Twitter to voice his disgust at the video released by Russian state TV. Mr Carroll wrote on Twitter: "You couldn’t engineer this cynicism if you tried. "Russian state TV shows a burned-out, destroyed Mariupol, the site of thousands of deaths, and says: 'The temple is standing, the cupolas are intact. God is with us.'" The video shows devasted apartment buildings in Mariupol surrounding an intact Orthodox cathedral. In the besieged southern port city nearly 5,000 people have been killed, including about 210 children, according to figures from the mayor.  Survivors have told harrowing tales of people dying from lack of medical treatment, bodies being buried wherever space could be found, and women giving birth in basements. Mariupol have suffered heavy bombardment as Russian ground advances stalled - part of what the Pentagon and other Western military officials describe as a sign of Russian frustration at the lack of progress. Russia describes its actions in Ukraine as a "special operation" with the aim of demilitarising its neighbour. The Kremlin has denied targeting civilians. Russia's Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said Russia had largely completed the first phase of its assault, had degraded Ukraine's military capabilities and would now focus on areas claimed by separatists in the southeast. Moscow made a similar declaration late last week, interpreted in the West as a sign it was giving up on initial aims of toppling the Kyiv government. Russia calls its mission a "special operation" to disarm and "denazify" Ukraine. The West says it launched an unprovoked invasion. DON'T MISSAndrew Neil exposes Putin's shame with 100k Russians 'fleeing tyranny' [SPOTLIGHT]Rachel Johnson blasted over claim Putin should 'divide up' Ukraine [NEWS]Putin humiliated as China deal 'won't make up' for EU loss  [INSIGHT] Britain wants to see a full withdrawal of Russian forces from Ukraine and will judge tentative steps towards a possible peace deal by actions rather than words, Prime Minister Boris Johnson's spokesman said on Tuesday. Asked if Johnson was encouraged by Russia's promise to scale down military operations around Kyiv and northern Ukraine as a confidence-building step, Johnson's spokesman said "we will judge Putin and his regime by his actions, not by his words". "There has been some reduction in Russian bombardment around Kyiv, largely because Ukrainian forces have been successfully pushing back the Russian offensives in the northwest of the city," he told reporters. "But fighting continues. There's heavy bombardment in Mariupol and other areas. So we don't want to see anything less than a complete withdrawal of Russian forces from Ukrainian territory."