Shane Warne’s death has rocked the cricket world with the Australia icon dying at the age of 52 after a suspected heart attack. The spin-bowler was outstanding during his playing days and is rightly regarded as one of the best-ever players to grace the sport. And he amassed some sensational figures prior to his tragic passing. Warne first faced England in 1993 at the age of 23. Little was known about the bowler at the time, with the player having just a handful of Test appearances to his name. However, with his first-ever Ashes delivery, Warne bamboozled Mike Gatting with a delivery many have called the ‘ball of the century’. Australia would go o not win the series that year, winning five of their six matches against their old rivals with Warne playing a starring role. He’d also go on to face England many more times before calling time on his career in 2007, shortly after they cruised to a 5-0 series victory on home soil. Overall, Warne went up against England on 36 occasions. And he amassed a remarkable 946 runs against Australia’s fiercest rivals, despite being a spin-bowler by trade. His highest score was 90, which was achieved at Old Trafford in 2005 as his nation battled their way to a draw i that Test. Warne took 195 wickets against England from his 36 Test matches, claiming five in a single test on five occasions. England always struggled against Australia whenever their fierce rivals would deploy Warne. And, barring 2005, he won every Ashes series he’d play in before retiring 15 years ago. It wasn’t just against England he’d shine, however, with the former cricketer also clocking up many other achievements during his time in the sport. He played for 16 years and took a remarkable 1001 wickets from 339 internationals, at an average of just 25.51. Warne had, for a long time, been the highest wicket-taker in Test cricket prior to Sri Lankan spin legend Muttiah Muralitharan surpassing him less than a year after his retirement. Warne has twice been named in the Wisden Cricketers of the Year in the Wisden Cricketers’ Almanack. He also holds the record for scoring the most runs without notching a century as well. And, during the first season of the Indian Premier League, Warne inspired the Rajasthan Royals to victory. Now, the sporting world will mourn the passing of a true icon. And tributes have started to pour in, with Gary Lineker leading the tributes by saying: "Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. “The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can’t quite believe it. RIP Shane." Graeme Fowler, who played in 21 Test matches for England, wrote: "RIP Shane Warne. The greatest spinner ever, and fantastic company. "The brightest lights burn out faster." Pakistan star Muhammad Rizwan said: "Sharing in the sadness of the cricket world on the demise of legend Shane Warne. Truly the end of an era. I pray his family, friends and fans find peace and comfort in this time of grief.” And England’s Barmy Army, who regularly exchanged banter with Warne when he played cricket, said: "Simply can't believe we are writing this. RIP Shane Warne, one of the game's best characters and finest bowlers. "Forever etched in Ashes history."