Arsenal have been told they shouldn’t sign Real Madrid winger Gareth Bale because he could stunt the development of prodigies Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli. Bale is out of contract in the summer and looks set to depart Madrid after falling out of favour at the Bernabeu. Bale joined Real in 2013 after the Spanish giants shelled out a then-world-record £85million to prise him away from Tottenham. And the Wales international became a superstar in Madrid. In his first season in Spain, Bale racked up 22 goals in 44 games and scored in the Champions League final as Real tasted European success. The 32-year-old has gone on to win four Champions Leagues trophies, four Club World Cups, two La Liga titles and a Spanish Cup during his time at Real. And he has found the back of the net 106 times in all competitions. But Bale is no longer a regular for his current team and has to make do with cameo appearances these days. He has been restricted to a paltry five appearances in all competitions this campaign, although he has been forced to miss a large chunk of the season due to a succession of injuries. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt   Last season Bale was shipped off to Tottenham on loan, where he scored 16 goals and impressed after a difficult start. And he could opt to return to the Premier League again when his deal in Spain runs out. Spurs have been tipped to sign the ace for a third time, while their north London rivals Arsenal have also been linked with him. But former England striker Darren Bent says a move for Bale would not be sensible for the Gunners. “No, I don’t think so,” Bent replied when he was asked on talkSPORT if he would take Bale at Arsenal. “It’s not that he is not good enough, but he has got Saka in front of him, Martinelli. These guys are getting better and better - you don’t want to stunt their development.” DON'T MISSArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from AjaxAchraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him'  Saka has become one of Arsenal’s best players and has already produced nine goals and five assists in the Premier League since the start of the campaign. Despite still being a teenager when the current season got underway in August, the 20-year-old has made a staggering 121 appearances for the Gunners. Martinelli’s Arsenal career is also going from strength to strength, meanwhile, and the Brazil international has become a regular starter since the beginning of December. Both players appear to have huge futures in the Premier League - and Arsenal could therefore decide they can live with Bale. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 