This week’s episode of Queen The Greatest looks back at a decade of Queen and Adam Lambert performing together. Since their first performance together in Kyiv in 2012, the trio has embarked on world tours that have since encompassed every continent on Earth apart from Antarctica. But of all the incredible places the band has played, one, in particular, reminds Roger Taylor of Queen’s early heydays with Freddie Mercury and John Deacon. Roger said on the 2014 Asia tour: “Japan was fantastic. Last time we went, it was absolutely magical. That, I think, more than anywhere else felt like the old days.  “That brought back the memories in particular of first going to Japan and the fantastic reaction.” The Land of the Rising Sun has always had a huge Queen fan base. Not only is Freddie Mercury biopic Bohemian Rhapsody one of the country’s highest-grossing movies of all time, but Queen and Adam Lambert release an exclusive live album for them. Live in Japan was debuted in the country’s charts in 2016 and was the trio’s debut record together, long before Queen and Adam Lambert’s Live Around The World. On touring with Queen, Adam said: “It's the most brilliant, symbiotic relationship you could dream of because one might say, ‘Oh, well, Adam, if it weren't for you, they wouldn't be doing these venues with these countries’, but it's the same for me. If it weren't for them, I wouldn't be playing arenas all around the world, either. I felt more so a sense of… magic.  It was cool that they're back doing this again. What meant a lot to me about going back to some of these famous venues that Queen has stamped their mark on, was seeing Brian and Roger being nostalgic about it. That meant a lot to me. That was really cool to be a part of those moments of them recalling the first time they were there and what it was like, and knowing also that there were members of the audience that were probably there the first time too.” Another big highlight for Queen and Adam Lambert was performing at the 2016 Isle of Wight Festival. Adam remembered: “Once I got over my own head trip about, ‘Oh God, are they going to compare me to Freddie? Oh God, am I good enough?’ I realised this is this once in a lifetime experience to sort of be a vessel and just perform.” The standout moment of the night had to be the singer’s performance of Who Wants To Live Forever, which was specially dedicated to those who had just lost their lives in the Orlando gay nightclub shooting. DON'T MISSBrian May 'lost interest' in Adam Lambert collaboration on Queen song [BRIAN MAY]Brian May sends love to Ukraine and promises 'We will rock again!' [UKRAINE]Queen's Roger Taylor on why Brian May 'suddenly lost interest' in song [ROGER TAYLOR] Roger remembered of Adam's touching performance: “I've never heard it sung like that. That's, that's special.” Brian May added: “He's still astounding, the lengths he can push things to is extraordinary. Sometimes I'm standing right here playing Who Wants To Live Forever, and he's there doing his thing. And when he goes into this stratospheric thing in the middle, I very often go, ‘Wow’.” The final episode of Queen The Greatest, A Decade of Queen and Adam Lambert Part 2, debuts on the band’s official YouTube channel at 12pm GMT on Friday.