 As Russia continues its brutal invasion of Ukraine, a number of Western nations have accused Putin of committing war crimes. The UK, France, Albania, Ireland, Norway and France all made the accusation against Putin after a school and theatre reportedly sheltering over 1000 Ukrainian citizens were shelled by Russian forces. Speaking at a UN security council meeting, UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: “Vladimir Putin is behind them. “It is ultimately a matter for the International Criminal Court to decide who is or isn’t a war criminal and for us to bring the evidence.” Putin has had tension with the West since he first became Russian President over two decades ago. Putin’s private life has been veiled in secrecy throughout his whole career. There are numerous claims surrounding the President’s love life, while there is even speculation as to how many children Putin may have. Read More: ‘No hesitation’ Defector issues chilling nuclear warning  We know that Putin married air stewardess Lyudmila in 1983 and the couple have two children together, Katerina ‘Katya’ Tikhonova and Maria Vorontsova. However, Lyudmila lived away from the spotlight despite her husband’s role as President and the couple ultimately had a “civil” divorce in 2014. In ‘First Person: An Astonishingly Frank Self-Portrait’, which was co-authored by the Russian President, Lyudmila gave a frank interview detailing her devastation upon hearing the news that Putin was to become Russian acting President. Lyudmila said she “cried all day” upon hearing the news of her husband’s appointment, as she realised her family’s “private life was over.”  She added that her two daughters see their father “more often on television than at home. But he always goes in to see them, no matter what time he gets home.” Lyudmila added: “He really loved the girls a lot. “Not all men treat their girls as lovingly as he does. And he spoils them. “I’m the one who has to discipline them.” Don't Miss:Putin in panic mode as President warned of Ukrainian resistance[ANALYSIS]Vladimir Putin's 'emotional chaos' childhood laid bare[INSIGHT]Putin wanted 'anti-EU' alliance with UK before Ukraine invasion[OPINION]  Meanwhile a 14-year-old Katya revealed that she “flipped out” when she heard that “papa was going to be acting President.” She continued: “When mama told me this, I thought she was joking. “Then I realised that she wouldn’t joke about such a thing.” In the same book, Lyudmila revealed how she met her KGB agent husband in the Eighties.  The pair went on a double date to a theatre, with Lydumila recalling that Putin was “poorly dressed” and “very unprepossessing”. She added: “I wouldn’t have paid attention to him on the street.” But the pair continued to keep in touch after Putin gave her his phone number and after three-and-a-half years, the pair were engaged. Lyudmila described the subdued manner in which Putin proposed to her. She said: “One night we were sitting in his house and he said ‘You know what kind of person I am by now.  “In general, I’m not very easy going. He was being self-critical. He explained that he was the silent type; that he was rather abrupt in some things and he could even insult people, and so on. “He was saying that he was a risky life partner. And he added, ‘In three and a half years, you have probably made up your mind. “It sounded to me like we were breaking up. ‘Yes, I’ve made up my mind,’ I said. ‘He let out a doubtful ‘yes’? “Then I was sure that that was it, we were breaking up. But then he said, ‘Well then if that is the way it is, I love you and propose we get married.’ So it all came as a complete surprise to me.”