Natasha Abrahart, 20, was found dead in her flat on the day of the oral assessment she needed to complete to pass a module. In what is said to be a landmark case, her parents Robert, 65, and Margaret, 60, are suing the University of Bristol, accusing it of contributing to her death. The second-year physics masters student had been diagnosed with chronic social anxiety disorder two months before her death in April 2018. Mr and Mrs Abrahart, of West Bridgford, Notts, say the university bore responsibility by not making alternative arrangements in light of her recognised disability. Outlining their case at Bristol County Court, Jamie Burton QC said it was being brought against the university as an institution and was not targeted at any individuals. Mr Burton said: "Natasha was a conscientious, bright and diligent young person who was hard working and high achieving at school. However, she suffered from social anxiety from a young age and was acutely self-conscious." He said she would "shut down when made the centre of attention or when confronted by people in authority". She rarely spoke in class and suffered with a history of self-harm. He added: "She preferred self-reliance and wrote future letters to herself in desperation over her level of shyness." Mr Burton said she did make friends but seldom socialised and "practised avoidance" and self-harmed. In the second year, she was required to pass a module that was assessed in part by five post-laboratory interviews, where she had to orally explain her findings and answer questions from her assessor. The court heard she failed to attend all but the last one and performed badly. The hearing was also told she then had to perform a group presentation known as a laboratory conference, which would be followed by questions in front of her assessors and peers. Mr Burton said the instruction coincided with a "very significant deterioration" in Natasha's mental health. He said her social phobia heightened and she had serious depression. During this period she wrote notes calling herself a "freak" and openly declaring a wish to die. Mr Burton added: "Despite this, she still managed to undertake a significant amount of studies but was not able to fulfil her obligations in the laboratory. "She knew this would result in her failing and having to leave uni." "At the age of just 20 she took her own life the very day of the laboratory conference." Mr Burton said the case was about the provision of education to Natasha, as a disabled student. He said the university must take "reasonable steps" to help disabled students. Mr Burton described it as a "breakdown of disability support" as the laboratory conference was the "only means" made available for her to complete assessments. He said there was "no breach of duty of care" with individuals, who responded admirably to her needs but said the reality was the university placed an "assessment requirement she found too terrifying to face". The university is defending the claim in full, including denying that it owed Natasha any relevant legal duty of care. The trial continues.