The 2022 Champions League quarter-final line-up is a bleak reminder for Tottenham Hotspur that players tend to go onto bigger and better things after departing the club. Whilst Tottenham struggle to qualify for the competition, eight current and former players will be watching Friday's draw with intrigue. Spurs are currently sitting seventh in the Premier League, three points behind fourth-placed rivals Arsenal, who have a game in hand. Failure to qualify for Europe's elite competition this season would be the third in succession since their defeat to Liverpool in the 2019 final. And the club are growing a reputation as the place high-profile players leave if they want to achieve greatness - as Harry Kane attempted to last summer. This term, even players still contracted to Spurs are enjoying European success compared to their humiliating Europa Conference League group stage exit. In January, Giovani Lo Celso left on loan as Antonio Conte added Juventus midfield Rodrigo Bentancur to his squad. And Lo Celso helped Villarreal romp to a 4-1 aggregate victory in Turin on Wednesday, sealing the La Liga club's passage into the last eight, alongside fellow Spurs alumni Serge Aurier, Juan Foyth and Etienne Capoue. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo 'makes final decision on Man Utd future' Foyth and Capoue lifted European silverware last season, defeating Manchester United in the Europa League final, a competition in which Dinamo Zagreb dumped out spurs in the last 16. Anyway, back to the Champions League quarters. Luka Modric and Gareth Bale's success at the summit of club football with Real Madrid goes without saying. Modric, a Ballon d'Or winner, and Bale, a four-time Champions League winner in his own right, are in the hat after that stunning round-of-16 comeback triumph over Paris Saint-Germain. READ MORE: Liverpool's Salah issue is 'really serious' after 'negative meeting' Kyle Walker has won 10 trophies since ditching Spurs for Manchester City in 2017, including three Premier League titles. And he's vying to help Man City, once again favourites for Champions League glory, bask in their first-ever success in the competition after reaching last season's final. And to round off the pool of Tottenham's past, Benfica have knocked down Barcelona and Ajax on their way to the quarter-finals; Jan Vertonghen and Adel Taarabt represent the Portuguese giants. While they arguably pose as the weakest team in the draw, playing for one of the top eight clubs in Europe isn't bad going. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.