Prime Minister Ardern pledged to address New Zealand’s unsustainable property market when she became prime minister in 2017. House prices have sky-rocketed in recent years, preventing everyone but the most privileged New Zealanders from getting on the property ladder. The average home in New Zealand now costs £520,000 - almost double the average price of a house in the UK, which hit £260,000 this week. Prices are much higher in the country's two major cities, Auckland and Wellington, shutting out young first-time buyers who now have to save for an average of 12 years in order to scrape together a deposit. New Zealand is now the sixth-least affordable country in the world to buy a home, with affordability declining across all the country’s sixteen regions in the past year alone, according to a study from Massey University. House prices have risen by a whopping 30 percent since this time last year, while residential construction has slowed to its lowest rate in nearly a century with the waiting list for state-supported housing hitting a record 25,000 people recently.    The spiking housing market has sparked outrage among New Zealanders, who accuse Mrs Ardern of not fulfilling her election promise to get to grips with the problem. She promised to build thousands of new homes when she led the Labour party to victory five years ago. The aim was to calm down the spiralling housing market and improve state-sponsored accommodation. KiwiBuild was a centrepiece of Mr Ardern’s campaign, with a pledge to build at least 100,000 new houses by 2027. Following her win, she assured the country’s five-million population that she would combat the crisis head on. READ MORE: £800m a year bonanza in New Zealand trade deal She said: “We believe things can be better, and under Labour they will be better. We can make home ownership possible again by building homes.” However, her government has fallen far short of its target. Only 47 houses were built during her first year as prime minister, and just one per cent of the target has been reached five years later. Kiwis are also facing a cost of living crisis, with everyday costs ballooning in recent months. Inflation in New Zealand has hit a three-decade high, driven by an increase in the cost of petrol and spiralling housing costs. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Truss ‘100 percent prepared’ to trigger Article 16 [LIVE]Russia to launch 'hybrid warfare' against UK THIS WEEK [BREAKING]Ukraine: Putin warns Western shipments 'legitimate targets' [LATEST] It hit a whopping 5.9 percent at the end of 2021, and the country’s biggest bank, ANZ, has forecast it will continue rising this year, with the cost of living spiking by 5.2 percent for the average household within the past year. A draft report released by the Commerce Commission last year revealed that shoppers in New Zealand face some of the most expensive groceries in the OECD, and that profit margins at the country’s supermarkets were consistently higher than grocery chains internationally. While Mrs Ardern continues to battle the opposition to her response to the coronavirus pandemic, New Zealanders are also growing increasingly outraged by how unaffordable their country is becoming. Although her polling remains fairly solid as she reaches the middle of her term, calls for her to step up to tackle the crisis are growing if she wants to lead her party to victory in next year’s election.