Manchester United’s struggles to find a player capable of starring in the false nine role could be solved this summer without the need for an expensive transfer. Bruno Fernandes struggled to make an impression in the role in Sunday’s derby defeat to Manchester City, but Donny van de Beek may provide the answer to their problems. Ralf Rangnick was left without Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani for the crunch fixture against their city rivals at the Etihad Stadium and chose to leave Marcus Rashford on the bench. And so the German tactician decided to experiment with using Fernandes alongside Paul Pogba in the frontline of his 4-2-2-2 formation. The latter set up Jadon Sancho for the equaliser at 1-1 but the formation failed to render any sort of success in the second half, with Fernandes and Pogba fading badly. A brace apiece from Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez condemned Man United to their worst defeat since Rangnick took charge, leaving the 63-year-old with more questions than answers. The interim coach is expected to step aside at the end of the season to make way for a new long-term appointment as manager and it could produce a fresh idea for the solution to their attacking problems. JUST IN: Man Utd icon Ferdinand tells Rashford when he can force exit With speculation circulating around Ronaldo, Cavani and Rashford’s futures, it has been reported United could revamp their entire frontline. But the answer to their problems could be staring them in the face, with the return of Van de Beek giving the new boss an unlikely option to trial in the false nine position. The Dutchman is currently on loan until the end of the season with Everton after leaving on transfer deadline day in the January transfer window. The 24-year-old’s loan agreement stipulates that there is no option to make the deal a permanent one, hinting he has a long-term future at Old Trafford. MUST READRonaldo returns to Man Utd training as Rangnick gets double boostMan Utd board making wrong decision on next manager may force exitMan Utd warned of Rangnick repeat if they hire Ten Hag Van de Beek has operated mainly as one of the three midfielders in Frank Lampard’s 4-3-3 system and has performed adequately for the Toffees so far, making five appearances for his new club. But before he left, Van de Beek was given a brief run in the side by caretaker boss Michael Carrick, who identified what he could bring to the team. That was a stark contrast to the man he replaced, predecessor Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, under whom Van de Beek made only four league starts. And Carrick, speaking back in November, hinted his skillset on the edge of the box could make him an ideal suitor for the role United need to fill. “Donny’s one of those players where because he’s so flexible, he can play different positions,” said Carrick during a press conference. “He’s done the same for Ajax before he came here, so he’s used to that, and he’s done that for Holland as well. “Variety can be a real strength. We’ve got ideas where we think Donny is most suited but, as I said, actually he’s so flexible and so adaptable that the two or three positions in and around midfield. “He even played, you could argue, a false nine for Ajax at times in the Champions League where they ended up getting beat by Tottenham. “So, yeah, of course we’ve got ideas for it but being so flexible is a real strength and a credit to what he can be for the team.” Van de Beek did not get much of a sniff at having a go at that role within the first-team, but upon his return to Manchester in the summer, it could be the opportunity for a fresh start for the £35m midfielder.