With Queen Elizabeth II recently celebrating her Platinum Jubilee, Kate Middleton and Prince William are thanking communities across Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas for the support they showed HRH. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to body language expert Judi James about how the royal couple seem to be the perfect double act. Judi began: “Kate and William’s body language suggests they make an ideal team on this tour, each taking it in turns to step into the spotlight while the other looks on admiringly or encouragingly.” Whether the future King and Queen were dancing with people from the Garifuna community, visiting a chocolate factory or meeting children, the couple were in sync, with “tie-ins” such as “small touches or eye-connects” that signify togetherness in a wider social setting. Judi believes that these “constant” signals to each other despite the hectic schedule are a “testament to the length and strength of their relationship”. Indeed, after more than 20 years together, “they seem to ‘get’ each other in a way that looks almost like reading one another’s minds”. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stuns fans with return of classic hairstyle While the pair are largely in sync, the power dynamic suggests that Kate is “the natural leader” of the two. This is apparent when she stands in front of William for a group photo with Garifuna children, and when she bends downs to play with or speak to them with an “easy confidence”. Kate’s body language has an easy and natural quality. As for William, this tour has added significance for him; as he commemorates his 96-year-old grandmother’s Platinum Jubilee, he is confronted with his future as monarch and increased royal duty. This may explain a slight “wariness”, that was particularly exemplified in the Prince’s behaviour yesterday when the couple arrived, suggested Judi. However, the pair complement each other enormously, and “there seem to be no signs of jealousy or battling for attention here”. “If William seeks attention it is primarily from Kate, whose approval and flattering smiles he seems to actively seek out.” This suggests that Kate has undertaken a “very slightly maternal role” with her husband on tour. And it seems that Kate’s compassionate and encouraging gazes worked to build her husband’s confidence. During their second day on tour, William was photographed “standing with his arms akimbo, showboating a little as he shrugs and laughs for the cameras while his wife grins admiringly”. His body language was worlds apart from just the day before, when the Prince placed his hands in a “fig-leaf” pose indicative of “low-confidence”. Speaking about this shyness, Judi said: “William’s rituals suggest a very laudable, deep desire to get things right on this tour. He will be aware the eyes of the world are on him, including certain pairs of eyes in the US.” But the next day it seemed that the only eyes he cared about were his wife’s. Kate shone as ever as she spent time with the Garifuna children, with whom she “more than excels”. Judi noted that she reacted “naturally and fondly” with them. Not only this, a “subtle hand-to-belly gesture” implied that she “might be thinking of her own children back in the UK”.