Formula 1 has seen an overwhelming increase in popularity since Netflix released their docu-series Drive to Survive in 2019 - but the ratings for the fourth season have plummeted. Fans and critics of the show are particularly frustrated by the dramatised storylines and fabricated conflicts. The show became a global phenomenon when it first dropped on March 8 2019, and quickly grabbed the attention of unsuspecting fans as they were taken behind the curtain of F1. It has undoubtedly catapulted the sport’s popularity into the stratosphere, but it has been criticised for creating something of a soap opera. The series got off to an electric start with a 90% rating on Rotten Tomatoes for season one, and it maintained a healthy rating in 2019 with 84%. However, season three covered the 2020 season - which included the horrific Romain Grosjean crash at the Bahrain Grand Prix - and the show clearly began to drop as the rating went down to 60%. Season four was much-anticipated given the incredibly epic and dramatic title battle between seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen in 2021, but the series’ rating has plummeted. At time of writing, its score sits at a paltry 14%. READ MORE: Daniel Ricciardo planned to 'retire' before Las Vegas GP announcement There are several alarming reviews by fans on Rotten Tomatoes, with Chris H providing perhaps the most intense: “DTS's faked rivalries and concocted storylines, the pursuit of cheap entertainment above all else, has infected the sport itself - resulting in officiating in which fairness and consistency were subordinated to the need for drama, culminating in the disgraceful rigged ending to the final race, Hopefully this will be the last season.” Gustavo D agreed with the point on faking rivalries and emphasised the decline in quality of the show with each season, writing: “Worst season so far, is getting worst every year and is a shame because there's a lot of footage to make a Great Show but the choose drama over reality.” “This show has ruined the sport,” added Dan E. The drop in ratings should come as no surprise to some. Reigning world champion Verstappen has been particularly vocal in his criticism of the series, joining Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff in voicing his frustration at the fabricated storylines and rivalries between drivers. DON'T MISS F1 confirm new 200mph Las Vegas track for 2023 ‘Total nightmare!' Steve Jones brands F1 driver Kimi Räikkönen 'rude'Toto Wolff to grab Mercedes team 'by scruff of neck' after poor start Verstappen even compared the show to ‘Keeping Up with the Kardashians’. Many veteran fans of the sport have also criticised the show’s direction, with European fans being particularly irked as it caters to an American audience. It appears now that producers have failed to find a balance between real-time drama and scripted entertainment. The new season seems to have gone a step too far, with the rivalry between Lando Norris and Daniel Ricciardo receiving notable criticism as both drivers have pointed out the flaws in the way it was depicted. The sport traditionally catered to the European audience, but Las Vegas just got confirmed for the 2023 season to ensure there will be three Grands Prix in the United States next season. While production for season five is underway alongside the 2022 F1 season, it will be interesting to see whether Netflix decide to switch up their storytelling method amid the bad reviews.