Two crew members of the Helt ship were in a life raft at sea while four others were unaccounted for, Igor Ilves, managing director of Tallinn-based Vista Shipping Agency, confirmed. He added the vessel might have struck a mine near Odessa. The news follows reports the Black Sea port might be Vladimir Putin's next big target as his attacks continue on day eight after his invasion of Ukraine began. Mr Ilves said: "The vessel has finally sunk. "Two of the crew are in a raft on the water and four others are missing. I don't know where they are at the moment." NATO's Shipping Center issued a warning on Wednesday that there is "a high risk of collateral damage" on civilian ships in the northwestern part of the Black Sea. It said: "There are several open-source reports of civilian ships being hit directly or indirectly as a result of the acts of war in the northwestern Black Sea within Ukrainian territorial waters and adjacent international waters." "Civilian shipping is encouraged to exercise caution and be on high alert in the area." READ MORE: Ukrainian military using 'game-changing' stealth drones in battle for skies The news follows reports the Black Sea port might be Vladimir Putin's next big target as his attacks continue on day eight after his invasion of Ukraine began. Mr Ilves said: "The vessel has finally sunk. "Two of the crew are in a raft on the water and four others are missing. I don't know where they are at the moment." NATO's Shipping Center issued a warning on Wednesday that there is "a high risk of collateral damage" on civilian ships in the northwestern part of the Black Sea. It said: "There are several open source reports of civilian ships being hit directly or indirectly as a result of the acts of war in the northwestern Black Sea within Ukrainian territorial waters and adjacent international waters." "Civilian shipping is encouraged to exercise caution and be on high alert in the area."**  Odessa, Ukraine's biggest port city and the third-largest in total, is crucial for the country's economic survival. Because of that, an attack would be disastrous. And exactly for that reason, it is seen as highly likely. On Wednesday, City Mayor Gennady Trukhanov was inspecting a bomb shelter when he received a call that a Russian fighter jet had fired a rocket at a military installation just outside the town. According to the New York Times, Mr Trukhanov told the caller: "Don't be a hero. "There will be time for that later." When he hung up the phone, he said: "I think they're testing our antiaircraft systems. "He flies in, we open fire, he flies away and almost immediately they fire a rocket." Ukrainian officials confirmed overnight the country's southern port of Kherson — the first major city to be taken by Putin — had fallen to Russia, with its mayor, Igor Kolykhaev, saying troops had forced their way into the city council building and imposed a curfew on residents. Meanwhile, the port city of Mariupol, after enduring 15 hours of continuous bombardment on Wednesday, is "cut off from electricity, heating, mobile and internet communications", according to reports by Illia Ponomarenko, from The Kyiv Independent. Deputy mayor Serhiy Orlov said: "The Russian army is working through all their weapons here – artillery, multiple rocket launch systems, airplanes, tactical rockets. "They are trying to destroy the city … We cannot count the number of victims there, but we believe at least hundreds of people are dead." He added, speaking to the BBC: "We cannot go in to retrieve the bodies. My father lives there, I cannot reach him, I don't know if he is alive or dead." Shelling in this city of 430,000, located on the Azov Sea coast, continued as of Thursday afternoon. Mayor Vadym Boichenk claimed Russian troops are creating a "humanitarian catastrophe", saying in a video broadcast: "The invaders are systematically and methodically trying to blockade the city of Mariupol. "We are being destroyed as a nation. This is the genocide of the Ukrainian people. "These hypocrites came to 'save' Russian-speaking citizens of Mariupol and the region. But they arranged the extermination of Ukrainians – Mariupol residents of Russian, Ukrainian, Greek and other origins." Further, also on Thursday afternoon, a Russian airstrike has hit two schools and private houses in Chernihiv, killing at least nine people and wounding four, the region's governor, Viacheslav Chaus, said.