Kate Middleton's younger sister Pippa Middleton gave birth to her second child Grace on March 15, 2021. Pippa's family is now living in a beautiful £17million property in Chelsea. It is a five-storey property, which even reportedly has an underground cinema.  This would certainly be loved by the couple’s three-year-old son Arthur, who was born in 2018, as well as by the whole family. In addition, the vast six-bedroom house boasts a gym, a lift, and a room for staff. The couple moved into the Chelsea home in 2016 and by 2017 they began £1.2million worth of renovation works. The development included them adding a separate male and female dressing room linked to the main bedroom, as well as a nursery and air conditioning.  READ MORE: Pippa Middleton 'uninvited' Meghan to her wedding for one reason The couple had to move out for the major changes to take place, but they moved back there in 2018. Pippa and Matthew have not released much of their private family home on social media, but Pippa occasionally gives royal fans glimpses of rooms inside the house. For instance, on December 11, 2020 Pippa appeared on the Instagram feed for Mary Hare School. Pippa is an ambassador for the academy for deaf children and she appeared next to her Christmas tree to present them with awards.  The room had minimalist cream walls and two lamps on the wall with two cream cylindrical shades. One royal fan account @princess.leonor wrote: “How nice Pippa does work for Mary Hare. “Can’t wait to see her new baby.” Another, @bunnyktracha wrote: “Pippa’s Christmas tree looks wonderful!” Royal fan account @royalinstablog said: “Her house looks so amazing.” Pippa's husband James previously resided in a 9,000sqft townhouse with a rooftop terrace and hot tub overlooking the city skyline. It was located in Mayfair, and he sold it in 2006 for £1.275million, but by 2017 it was worth £40million. James' family also owns an incredible estate in the Scottish Highlands: The Glen Affric estate. Pippa's father-in-law David Matthews bought the grounds in 2018 along with the main house, Affric Lodge.  Inside, the main lodge has a total of eight bedrooms, as well as a whisky room, a sitting room, a dining room, and various reading rooms. James' brother, the ‘Made In Chelsea’ star Spencer Matthews, even married Vogue Williams at the estate in June 2018. Pippa's father-in-law David has held the title ‘Laird of Glen Affric’ since purchasing the property. It will be inherited by James upon his father's death, so Pippa will become known as Lady Glen Affric. Pippa and James celebrated their four-year wedding anniversary on May 20, after tying the knot at St Mark’s Church in Englefield back in 2017.