Spotify down reports are flooding in today, with users saying the leading music streaming app has logged them out and they're unable to reset their password. Independent outage monitor Down Detector has recorded a huge spike in Spotify down reports this evening. The reported issues with Spotify began around 6pm UK time today with Down Detector UK recording a peak so far of over 70,000 Spotify down reports. And the official Spotify Cares Twitter account has confirmed the hugely popular app is experiencing issues today. The account tweeted: "Something’s not quite right, and we’re looking into it. Thanks for your reports!" As the Spotify issues hit users took to Twitter to report the problems they were facing, and to double check if anyone else was experiencing technical difficulties. One tweeted: "I tried resetting my password 20 times just to find out Spotify is down".  While another posted: "Came straight away to twitter to see if spotify was down or mine was acting up". One added: "Spotify and Discord going down on WOMENS DAY?? Fix it." And another wrote: "Bruhhh why is Spotify down I literally thought I was hacked".  The issues with Spotify hit as another popular app, Discord, was also experiencing techical difficulties. Both Spotify and Discord began experiencing problems around the same time, which is when hosting service Amazon Web Services also reportedly began experiencing problems. According to Down Detector stats, some 69 percent of affected Spotify users are experiencing login problems while others are having trouble with the app itself.  While Down Detector UK has recorded a peak of more than 70,000 Spotify down reports downdetector.com has registered a peak of more than 170,000 Spotify down reports. Down Detector is an independent outage monitor that tracks social mentions to detect the moment popular services are taken offline. In a post online, the Spotify Support team went into more detail about today's outage. They said: "Users are currently being logged out of Spotify and unable to log back in. This seems to be affecting mostly the mobile app."  The Spotify Cares team went on to add: "Hey folks, thanks for reporting this issue to us. "We’ve passed your info on to the relevant team, who are currently looking into it. "In the mean time, some users have reported that changing their password has worked for them, so you can give it a try with the steps you'll find here. "We’ll keep you posted and let you know as soon as we have any updates on this." 