Generally, life expectancy is increasing, which means individuals will have to stretch their money over a longer period of time. But what can Britons do to ensure their money lasts? Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Amy Goodall-Smith director of Goodall-Smith Wealth Management, about the matter. She said: “Life expectancy has increased so much, that we now plan for 100 year lives for our clients. “The most common way to keep pace with rising inflation is to invest your money. “You are currently not able to achieve the return you need from the banks to keep with inflation.” READ MORE: Barclays issues warning as woman, 50, loses £40,000 in vicious scam Ms Goodall-Smith highlighted the poor interest rate environment available for Britons at the moment. Many savings accounts fail to offer anything above one percent, making it difficult to grow cash for retirement. This is coupled with the fact inflation is also currently soaring, meaning spending power is weakening. Inflation is currently at a staggering five percent, and is set to increase even further in the coming months. DON'T MISS‘Better returns!’ Britons told NOT to pay off mortgage [ANALYSIS]Five key ways to ‘kickstart’ your retirement saving [EXCLUSIVE]Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [INSIGHT] Consequently, Britons’ money will not grow as fast in a bank environment when compared to potential growth from investment. Ms Goodall-Smith continued: “By investing your money in a well-diversified portfolio within your risk profile, you could see growth rates that are able to keep pace with inflation. “If expenditure flows are managed well the ideal scenario is that you live purely off the growth in your pension, and leave the capital to create the growth.” If Britons decide to invest, however, they should always be careful.  This is because investment can come with a certain level of risk, which means returns are not always guaranteed. Individuals could get less back than they originally put in, and should be aware of the fact. For this reason, it may be appropriate to speak to a financial advisor before investing. Another important part of retirement income for Britons will be the state pension. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea As such, it is important to check if a person has the right amount of National Insurance to secure the full sum. Thankfully, this can be done in a fairly simple way. The Government website has a state pension forecast allowing Britons to see how much state pension they could get and when. This will allow individuals to take this into account when they are budgeting for their retirement. If falling short, the state pension forecast also shows people how they could potentially increase their sum.