Manchester United chief John Murtough may well have celebrated Karim Benzema’s third goal more than most fans in European football. The French striker’s hattrick dragged Real Madrid away from the depths of Champions League elimination and instead consigned Paris Saint-Germain to another season without the big eared trophy. This was supposedly the year for Mauricio Pochettino’s side to avenge the disappointment against Bayern Munich in 2020 and the humbling to Manchester City in last season’s semi-final. Not even Lionel Messi and Kylian Mbappe could prevent their fate, while the latter almost single handedly dragged the French giants past Carlo Ancelotti’s side single handily. PSG may well be cruising to eighth Ligue 1 title in ten seasons, but that is almost a given considering the resources at the former Tottenham Hotspur manager’s disposal. But while Pochettino’s fate at the end of the season may well have been sealed by Benzema’s heroics, it may have also carved out a blockade free route to Old Trafford. JUST IN: Arsenal can sign their new Welbeck as Arteta backed to raid Man Utd Manchester United are yet to appoint a permanent manager to succeed Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. Erik Ten Hag, Brendan Rodgers, and albeit surprisingly, Ralph Hasenhuttl have all been touted as potential candidates for the United job. However, Pochettino has been on United’s radar ever since storms began to gather during the final months of Jose Mourinho’s reign at the club. PSG sporting director Leonardo’s reaction to the French giant’s exit was one of calm and composure in the face of immense disappointment at the Bernabeau. DON'T MISS Rio Ferdinand's angry response to calls from Man Utd stars' agentsMauricio Pochettino hints how much he would change at Man UtdMan Utd and Liverpool's transfer plans take a hit from Ajax star "We shouldn't throw everything in the bin," Leonardo told RMC Sport. "We shouldn't start from scratch after every loss. “The objective is to win the Champions League, and until half-time we were fine. "We have to look to improve this team and maintain morale to play in Ligue 1 and to finish the season well. We should stay together. "Pochettino is still part of the project for this season. It's not the time to think about that." The emphasis in his concluding remarks connotes a finitude in Pochettino’s reign which will likely arrive at the end of the campaign. When United’s interest in the Argentine boss resurfaced amid Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s sacking, reports from the Times claimed the Red Devils would have to pay PSG £10million in compensation if they were to poach Pochettino from the Parc des Princes. PSG’s premature exit from Europe’s elite competition will likely be the beginning of the end for Pochettino’s reign, and perhaps with that, the buyout clause. However, Pochettino’s recent struggles - also including an early exit from the Coupe de France in the Round of 16 and a failure to win the Trophee des Champions at the start of the season – may have blemished his chance of the United job. But if United chose to see past their troubles this campaign, then the route to Pochettino may have less obstacles than initially feared.