 The 57-year-old actor turned television presenter was probed about whether he would return to EastEnders as Grant Mitchell during his appearance on Thursday's instalment of The One Show, which aired on BBC Two. Ross revealed he would "never say never" to making an EastEnders comeback, admitting he enjoyed being a part of "meaty" storylines.    Ross rose to fame as Grant on the BBC One soap between 1990 and 1999 where he was involved in an array of hard-hitting storylines with his on-screen brother Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden). Phil has continued to dominate storylines since Grant's exit and the character was recently put behind bars after years of evading prison. Police have charged him with the murder of Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood) who was actually killed under the order of Aidan Maguire (Patrick Bergin) almost four years ago. With Phil locked up, could now be the perfect time for Grant to return to Albert Square? READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled?     Perhaps Grant could take control of his brother's business which he left Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) in charge of when he was sent to prison. Despite her best efforts with keeping it afloat in Phil's absence, Kat has been struggling and may welcome a helping hand from Grant. Speaking to The One Show hosts Alex Jones and Ronan Keating, Grant actor Ross opened up about the BBC soap. Alex began: "So it's a big week for EastEnders, first of all, it's got a new time slot of 7.30pm after us.  "Also there's this massive storyline which has gripped the nation and your know all about the power of these storylines. "Did you used to enjoy a meaty storyline when you were there?" Ross replied: "Yes, of course. The weird thing about it was that you have shot it a long time before so you were often wrapped up in what you were doing next because you were seven weeks ahead of transmission. "So you would be in a supermarket with people saying, 'I can't believe what you did last night.' But I couldn't remember." DON'T MISS...EastEnders exit: Why did Toby-Alexander Smith leave as Gray Atkins? [EXPLAINER]Zaraah Abrahams husband: Who is Chelsea Fox star married to? [INSIGHT]EastEnders heartache as Denise Fox adopts Jordan Atkins after Chelsea' [THEORY]  Ronan then interjected to ask whether Ross would consider going back on the long-running BBC soap as Grant. Ross revealed: "You never say never in this game, never say never. Rule off nothing at my age." Could this be a hint that the actor is returning to Albert Square in the near future? Many viewers took to social media hoping Grant would return to the soap.    Sharon Ambrose remarked: "Get back Grant and sort ya brother out!! Pub is going free once Mick goes!!!" [Sic] Sonya Franklin added: "Ross, what would Grant do with murderer Gray? #theoneshow" @See75 added: "Ooooooh Ross Kemp not ruling out going back to #EastEnders on #theoneshow!!!" The One Show continues on weekdays at 7pm.  