Manchester United hold three concerning reservations over Erik ten Hag that could boost other candidates in the club's high-profile managerial search. United met Ten Hag on Monday as part of their process to find a permanent manager for next season, and intriguing details have since emerged. The Red Devils will appoint their fifth permanent boss since Sir Alex Ferguson's 2013 exit this summer. But there is widespread desperation throughout the club that this decision is the right one after drastically slipping behind rivals in the nine years that have followed Ferguson's retirement. United's new CEO Richard Arnold has predominantly left the football side of operations at the club to the 'football people'. Football director John Murtough is leading the search, supported by technical director Darren Fletcher and current interim boss Ralf Rangnick. And in the aftermath of Ten Hag's interview earlier this week, several reports suggested he had come across brilliantly, impressing United with his vision for the future and ability to speak English. However, the club are said to hold doubts over certain aspects of the 52-year-old's suitability for one of the biggest jobs in the sport. JUST IN: Man Utd could abandon interviews to 'speed up' as Erik ten Hag plan... Jeremy Cross reports that whilst Ten Hag impressed during talks, United are still unsure of his credentials based on three things. There are concerns the Dutchman won't be a prominent enough character to handle such a pressured challenge at a club of this magnitude. Arnold wants to start his tenure as United's top dog by making the popular managerial appointment amongst fans. However, there are fears that supporters won't accept a manager who Daniel Levy didn't consider good enough for Tottenham Hotspur last summer. Ten Hag interviewed for the Tottenham job after Jose Mourinho's sacking, but Levy decided to snub him for Nuno Espirito Santo. And it remains to be seen if United share Spurs' view that he might not have the credentials to lift the club to the summit of English and European football. READ MORE: Gary Neville goes against Man Utd fans in Erik ten Hag calls Other candidates will be interviewed before the club make their decision, and a known shortlist includes Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. Thomas Tuchel is also under 'serious consideration' amid uncertainty over Chelsea's financial situation amid Roman Abramovich's departure. But Pochettino possesses something Ten Hag or any other names in the frame don't. He is a long-term ally of Sir Alex Ferguson, arguably the greatest manager in the game's history, and has the United legend's backing. Although it's unclear how much of a say the Scot currently has backstage at the club. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.