Roger Federer has effectively shut down any lingering hopes of him being able to at Wimbledon in the summer as he gave an honest interview on Saturday. The tennis legend was spotted watching the Super G Alpine Ski World Cup in his native Switzerland, where he happily posed for pictures with fans. He later spoke to SRF TV, and was asked the latest on his troublesome knee issues. And the 20-time Grand Slam winner replied: "It's fine. Much better, obviously I was on crutches for two months so you have to start from the bottom. "It was certainly the right thing to do, the knee wasn't right after Wimbledon (last year), so it couldn't go on. "Currently I'm in three parts. First the whole rehab, getting back on your feet at the beginning. Then afterwards learning to walk and building up the whole thing. "It's only now where I'm at the phase where I can start thinking about my comeback. I had a very good MRI a few weeks ago, which makes me feel very positive." But when he was pressed on a date where he could make a return, Federer admitted: "It will certainly be a while. The end of the summer, early autumn, where I'm aiming for a comeback." With Wimbledon starting on June 27, it means that it looks almost certain that Federer will miss out on the tournament he has won eight times. The news will come as a bitter disappointment to tennis fans, while it also sees Federer's hopes of surpassing Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal to become statistically the greatest men's player of all time growing slimmer. Nadal is out in front with 21 Grand Slams thanks to his Australian Open win, while Djokovic is level with Federer on 20. Both those stars will likely get the chance to add to their hauls by participating in the French Open and Wimbledon in the coming months, while Federer may have to wait until the US Open at the earliest to get back in action. Federer's words come after his coach Severin Luthi had already cast doubt on the 40-year-old's recovery earlier this week. "I'm not someone who is saying it's impossible. But I can't imagine it right now. "This week, to warm up, he will first hit some balls with Mirka. He's still in the rehabilitation phase. “Not only do the knee and leg muscles have to be built up, the whole body has to be strengthened. It's a full conditioning program."