Images of Ukrainian drone strikes from TB2 Bayraktar aircraft have circulated around social media as Russia's invasion of the ex-Soviet state enters its 20th day. A particular strike came on March 10 when footage appeared to show a Russian Buk missile system being blown to smithereens by a Turkish-made Bayraktar TB2 drone. However, the Telegraph has claimed there is barely any footage of Russian drones completing their attacks with similar devastation. Vladimir Putin's troops utilised drones during their invasion of Crimea in 2014 and when fighting in the separatist areas of the Donbas. CNA, a Washington-based non-profit research and analysis organisation, said: "Given the deniability sought by the Russian leadership and subsequent lack of Russian aerospace forces in that conflict, UAVs played a particularly important role in reconnaissance and targeting of Ukrainian forces." They added: "One of the most significant weaknesses of Russia’s military during the Cold War was its ability to gain and maintain battlefield awareness." JUST IN: UK claims Putin could 'possibly' use chemical weapons as UN issues 'bone-chilling' warning Russian forces also used drones during their Zapad 2021 military exercises with Belarusian forces. It is thought that if Putin's men had used drones in the numbers expected then there would be much more evidence on social media. However, there are signs that Russia’s armed forces are returning to tried and tested methods where drones are used to scout the area, report Ukrainian troop movements and positions, and provide coordinates for artillery and airborne assets to launch attacks. But drones are said to no longer be an exotic or experimental feature of warfare. In a further blow to the Kremlin, one of the CNA report's co-authors Samuel Bendett said Russian drone capabilities did not appear well coordinated at the start of the war. In fact, Russian forces were said to have “walked into Ukrainian ambushes” when they should have had overhead drone cover warning of movement ahead. Reports over the weekend revealed Russia requested China for military help. CNN even suggested drones were a key piece of Moscow's request to Beijing. DON'T MISSIndia forced to apologise after 'accidentally' firing missile [NEWS]Disgust after India refuses to vote against Russia [REVEAL]India orders immediate evacuation of citizens from Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] Responding to the reports Liu Pengya, a spokesperson from the Chinese embassy in Washington, said: "China is deeply concerned and grieved on the Ukraine situation. "We sincerely hope that the situation will ease and peace will return at an early date."