On the final episode of The Martin Lewis Money Show last week, he shared with viewers a way they can save some money. He urged people to stock up on “class” stamps. These are 1st class, and 2nd class stamps. The money saving expert explained that from April 4, both class stamps are increasing so people should buy in bulk now to save by Christmas. First class stamps are going up by 10p to 95p, and 2nd class stamps will now cost 68p, up by 2p. He said: “The key rule here is to stock up now on these class stamps i.e those that say first or second. “In the past when prices went up I'd always say you could use them indefinitely but you can only use these until January 31, 2023. READ MORE: Payment warning: Shoppers may have their credit and debit cards declined from Monday  He added: “But if you are going to use stamps in the future, you may as well buy them in now whilst they are cheap.” The advice comes as every family in the UK is set to face increased household bills of around £693 a year, as Ofgem's price cap rises. The money saving expert also shared three things every bill paying Briton should do before April 1. He suggested that households max out their top-up allowance before April 1 regardless of how much energy they use 2. Meter readingsMr Lewis highlighted that customers paying by direct debit can also not use the earlier trick, saying: “If you artificially inflate your direct debit in March, that’s fraud. You can’t do it.” However, he did share: “I would suggest you do a meter reading today and diarise to do a meter reading on the 31st of March so you draw a line and tell the energy company: ‘All this energy I’ve used should be at the cheap rate.” 3. Council tax rebateIn April, all homes in band A to D will receive a £150 council tax rebate to help with energy costs. He concluded: "Keep an eye out for a letter from the council because each council will tell you its claim system and you need to watch for that. "If you're not eligible for the £150, say, because you're in a higher band, then there is a discretionary £140 million fund being set-up to help those who are struggling. “It will be up to each council to decide how it distributes it, but be ready to claim that." The Martin Lewis Money Show is available on ITV Player.