With Russia showing no sign of ceasefire in Ukraine regardless of the severe sanctions imposed on the country by the West, more companies across the globe are stepping in to penalise Russia. A number of companies are suspending product sales completely, restricting access to a range of the most popular branded goods in the world. So far, more of the focus has been on cutting off Russian energy exports, the “lifeblood” of the country’s economy. This comes as UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson announced last week that Britain will be “weaning itself” off Russian oil and gas to tackle the large amounts of Russian money in the City of London. He said: “The tragedy is that too many countries in Europe remain absolutely mainlining Russian oil and gas. We need to wean ourselves off that. “We have an issue with Russian money in the City and we’ve got to deal with that but the much, much bigger issue is Russian hydrocarbons."  Although this would mean the UK will endure higher energy prices, Mr Johnson said any suffering would be “minimal” compared to what the citizens of Ukraine are currently going through. READ MORE: Ramp up support for Ukraine's epic feat of resistance  This, along with the rest of the barrage of sanctions targeting a number of Russia’s sectors, including finance and travel - as well as a halt of certain imports to the country - has sent the Russian currency, the ruble, plummeting to an all-time low. This sharp value depreciation means importation of consumer goods are due to become “unaffordable to many Russians, if available at all.” The UN’s Comtrade database recorded Russian imports amounted to $247 billion in 2019, the last year being free of COVID-19 disruption.  Motor vehicles and parts were the biggest item on Russia’s imports list, trading a total value of $23.4 billion worth, while industrial machines ranked just below at $17.6 billion. Electrical machinery and appliances came next, totalling a vast $16 billion worth of goods, closely followed by pharmaceutical and medicinal products at $14.7 billion. Telecommunications and consumer electronics ranked next at $13.4 billion worth of imports, followed by specialised industry machinery at $10.6 billion. Manufacturers of metal and fruit and vegetables were ranked lowest, with a reported total of $8.5 billion and $8.2 billion respectively.  DON'T MISS: Lord Frost demands Boris Johnson rethink plans as he leads Tory revolt [EXPLAINED] China joins the world in turning its back on Russia [ANALYSIS] Nicola Sturgeon sparks fury for 'recipe for disaster' energy plan [INSIGHT]    These figures are now expected to drop drastically as more and more countries and companies suspend business with the country. Earlier this week, the UK Government was urged by Labour MPs to “widen export control measures to cover a wide range of goods and technology in sectors of strategic importance to the Russian economy. “We should also close down the export of luxury goods from the UK to Russia, replicating measures already taken in the Syria sanctions regime.” In response, the International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said the Government will be working with allies to "tighten the screws" so "Putin and his regime will find it more and more difficult both to sustain their military campaigns."   Amongst this, there are a number of companies suspending direct business with Russia, crippling the country even further. Apple has paused product sales in Russia and disabled the Apple Maps traffic feature in Ukraine “as a safety and precautionary measure for Ukrainian citizens.” H&M has temporarily halted product sales as well as Honda, who has suspended exports of its cars and motorcycles to the country due to ‘shipping and payment difficulties’. Nike disabled online product purchases in Russia delivery cannot be guaranteed, and Ford, along with BMW, announced the suspension of production and exportation of certain products until further notice, in condemnation of the “aggression against Ukraine”. List of additional companies limiting and/or suspending trade include: 