Brian is the driving force behind the 11 episodes docu-series The Center Seat: 55 Years of Star Trek, which showcases never before seen footage. The director makes up for the gaps in Trekkie coverage when it comes to Lucille Ball, highlighting her contribution to the show. As a self-proclaimed "nine out of ten" on the Trekkie scale, Brian knows almost everything to do with Star Trek, well, at least he thought he did until he started this project. The Center Seat: 55 Years of Star Trek covers decades of Star Trek information and footage, taking fans behind the scenes and showing rare interviews with the likes of producer Rick Berman and actress Kirstie Alley. On the documentary and the origins of its creation, he said: "It's been a lifelong pet peeve of mine that Lucille Ball never got the credit. "I always say, 'If Gene Roddenberry was the father of Star Trek, there has got to be a mum, and in this case, it is was Lucille Ball.'" Read More: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby? Lucille is the comedic star of I Love Lucy, the cult show she produced and starred in alongside her husband, Desi Arnaz. Running for six years, the success of I Love Lucy allowed the pair to purchase their own studio, Desilu Productions. Despite divorcing in 1960, Lucille took over the studio, and it's lucky for sci-fi fans around the world, she did. It was this production company that screenwriter, producer, and creator of Star Trek: The Original Series Gene Roddenberry approached to bring life to his idea. Talking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Brain added: "Any book you read about the origins of Star Trek always talks about Lucille Ball, but for some reason, in the documentaries, they never really cover it. We do! "One of the things I am very proud of with the show is that we got interviews from people like Rick Berman [Executive producer of several of the Star Trek television series] and Kirstie Alley. "Rick hadn't done an interview in like 20 years, and for Kirstie, it's her first on-camera interview about Star Trek ever!" Brian passionately wants this show to be for everyone, not just the diehard fans. DON’T MISS… The Chase viewers blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer ‘Unnecessarily harsh!’ [LATEST]The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star opens up on working with 'moody' co-star [LATEST]Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance 'Didn't want you!' [LATEST] He described: "We worked very hard to find new information that fans don't already know. "I would rate myself as an eight out of ten when it comes to being a Trekkie. My wife would probably say, 'what the hell is a ten if you are only an eight; I wasn't wearing a Starfleet uniform when we got married, so that's a start," he laughed. "We got a lot of stuff no one has ever heard before. We hit the parts of the story that have never been hit before. We achieved some first with this series." To help hit home his point about it being for everyone, he recalled a humorous mishap with his wife. He continued: "I was watching the episode with the Cardassians, and my wife asked, 'Did they just say, Kardashian?' "I always think of my wife when I am in the editing bay; I use her as my role model for what a non-trekkie or non-geek would want to see. "Centre Seat on a scale of one to ten, it's not for ones [who know very little to nothing] or tens [who know everything] it's for two through nine." The Center Seat: 55 Years of Star Trek, available to stream from Friday 18th March exclusively on IMDb TV in the UK, Amazon's premium free streaming service.