Villanelle (played by Jodie Comer) and Eve Polastri’s (Sandra Oh) tale of love, obsession and assassination continues for Killing Eve’s fourth and final outing. BBC viewers see Konstantin Vasiliev (Kim Bodnia) as a Russian mayor while the fierce Caroline Martens (Fiona Shaw) goes to extraordinary lengths to chase down The Twelve and the person who ordered the hit on her son. The spy thriller, which is one of BBC iPlayer’s most-streamed shows, hadn’t always intended to keep certain characters for as long as they have, according to actor Kim.  Speaking about his character, the Killing Eve star explained how he had championed the longevity of Konstantin, who was only meant to feature up until the fourth episode of the first season. He began: “I had long talks about him with Phoebe (Waller-Bridge) back at the start, and Konstantin was meant to be a baddie who had to be killed off. “He was to die in episode four.” After successfully convincing the former showrunner, Kim has continued to be a fan favourite amongst viewers, having the influence of his co-stars to thank. READ MORE:Coronation Street double exit as beloved couple bids farewell? He explained: “He is surrounded by women as the main actors. "So he could have the opportunity to be a more flexible character, show a greater range of emotions,” Kim told Radio Times. When discussing the other protagonists, Kim likened his castmates as “strong” yet “crazy” and hard to read, referring to the unpredictability of Villanelle. Konstantin, who has worked closely with the cut-throat assassin, has never been seen as a dangerous character, according to the TV actor. Kim confessed: “I never saw him as just a tough guy. Detailing his relationship with the brutal Villanelle, he said: “There is a strong sense of paternalism that he shows towards (her).” “I was more interested in putting that before the camera. “I wanted chemistry between us all,” he concluded. Tension built up between Villanelle and the MI5 agent-focused around their combined obsession with tracking each other down and possibly killing each other, but being too curious to actually lose each other from their lives. Speaking ahead of the fourth season debut, Sandra spoke about how her characters have changed over the years and what to expect from its seasonal finale. Sandra Oh claimed: “You see her visually how she’s changed, you see how she’s taken on different personas, (and) you see how she integrated elements of Villanelle. “It serves as her own revenge mission.” She told The Wrap. Opening up about behind-the-scenes pressures, Sandra explained how the job can create a lot of tension, particularly after the show’s release. She said: “Doing our job is hard and fast so there’s time pressure and creative pressure. “There are times when something might be going on with us that’s sparking and magic but we don’t know if that will translate in the editing room, we don’t really know and hopefully it does. “Hopefully people will experience what we experience.”