Paul Pogba's move away from Manchester United has taken a twist after it was reported that Juventus were set to offer star Paulo Dybala a new contract - meaning they would be unlikely to afford the wage demands Pogba's agent has requested in order to secure his services.  Pogba, who signed for United in 2016 from the Bianconeri for a fee of £89million, has split opinion in his second stint at Old Trafford. The Frenchman is rarely the match winner for the Red Devils, with levels of inconsistently plaguing his time in the north west since his return. Despite this, his performances for Juventus prior to his mega-money move and his excellent displays for France on the international stage have shown interested parties that there is still a world-class player in there somewhere. As a result, interest from Paris Saint-Germain, Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus remains rife. But a deal to move to Turin for the second time could reportedly be scuppered by current player Dybala, with a potential new contract for the Argentine effectively ruling out a move for Pogba.  A report by Tuttosport claims that Juventus will meet Dybala's agent on Thursday in the hope of signing a new deal. Both Dybala and Pogba are out of contract at the end of June, although their situations are different with Dybala willing to renew - unlike the Frenchman, who reportedly has no intention of staying at Old Trafford. Juventus are supposedly willing to offer Dybala £8.5m per year, although it remains to be seen whether the offer will be accepted. If the offer is declined, Dybala is free to leave the 36-time Italian champions upon the expiration of his contract and pave the way for Pogba to embark on his second stint in Piedmont. MUST READRonaldo returns to Man Utd training as Rangnick gets double boostMan Utd 'should axe 10 stars' including Ronaldo claims SuttonGary Neville told he has wrong view over next Man Utd manager  But even then, Juventus will have to afford Pogba's £11m-per-year contract - which again could be a stumbling block when dealing with super agent Mino Raiola. Ralf Rangnick said that he would still play Pogba despite his future being up in the air. "My contract as a manager is also expiring in the summer. For us we have the same goal. We have the same ambition to be as successful as we can possibly be in the next three or four months," Rangnick said back in January. “It’s not a question if a player has an expiring contract, the question is how much does he still want to be a part of this group, how much does he still feel emotionally and physically on board. “As long as this is the case, why shouldn’t Paul Pogba now, after two and a half months of injury, fully fit again, and he wants to show the fans of Manchester United, the board, the whole world what kind of player he can be?  "Even if it’s only to show enough for a new contract elsewhere, he will be highly motivated to do that and why should I then not play him? “But there is a difference in how players deal with their current situation. If they handle that in a professional way, an ambitious way, I will play players although they have a contract expiring in the summer.” United currently sit fifth in the Premier League, one point behind Arsenal having played three more games than the Gunners. And they will look to avenge that on Saturday with a home fixture against fellow top-four hopefuls Tottenham. 