Rebel Wilson, 41, makes headlines every time she steps out because of her slimmer physique. The Australian actress has spoken out about her "Year of Health", which saw her lose five and a half stone. In terms of how she did it, Rebel avoided intense workouts and stuck to a simple form of exercise which is available to everyone. She also discussed the types of foods she ate to lose the weight safely. In the season three premiere of Apple Fitness+, Rebel guide listeners on a 32-minute hike through Griffth Park in Los Angeles. In the episode, she talks about her weight loss journey. “My goal was just to get healthier and was to lose the body fat that my body didn't actually need and want ... I knew deep down I wasn't the healthiest version of myself,” she said. In 2020, Rebel attended an Austrian wellness retreat. READ MORE: Meghan Markle weight loss: The one exercise Duchess avoids She explained: “An Austrian doctor said 'Rebel, the best way for you to lose unwanted body fat is just simply walking. “‘Doesn't have to be high-intensity, doesn't have to be uphill, just moderate walking an hour a day. “‘And if you can do that, for you, for your body type, it's, like, the best way to lose unwanted body fat.'" Rebel took the doctor’s advice and revealed: “I would train at the gym, you know even when I was at my heaviest, like hardcore and do weights and do things where you just feel absolutely exhausted afterwards, and I didn't actually need to be doing that. DON'T MISS...Rare penny valued at £200k sold to the public [NEWS]Kate Middleton’s ‘loyalty’ and ‘integrity’ shown with signature jewel [BODY LANGUAGE]Horoscope & love: Virgo’s set for ‘dreams to come true’ this week [INSIGHT] “It just made me think: 'OK I should take it a bit easier on myself, and just do it gently and do it lightly.' “So in 2020 I lost weight but very, very gradually. “Sometimes I kicked up things a notch with some workouts and went hard. “But, the majority of the work for the year was just doing things like walking for an hour,” the actress commented. In terms of how many calories you could burn by walking an hour, between 200 and 350, depending on the pace and intensity. Of course, the more you walk and the quicker your pace, or higher the incline, the more calories you’ll burn. Rebel added: “Sometimes the simplest thing like getting out and walking for an hour a day is the kindest thing to your body, and your body will respond to that.” As for the diet Rebel followed, she explained the foods she ate to help her weight loss journey. Rebel told fans during an Instagram Live in 2020 that she follows a high protein diet. She also makes sure she drinks lots of water and tries to stay under 1,500 calories a day. High amounts of protein helps you feel full, can improve metabolism, and because protein has a lower energy density than fat at four calories per gram of food, it means fewer calories are consumed.