The former Health Secretary, who said he will "be signing up and opening my home to support our Ukrainian friends" after the Government launched the sponsorship scheme - Homes for Ukraine - to allow people and organisations to give Ukrainians fleeing the war a place to stay on Monday afternoon. But Matt Hancock slammed ITV Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid for criticising the scheme. She said: "Our EU neighbours have just said you can come in." But Mr Hancock pointed out: "They're in a different situation because they've always had recently in the last few years, visa-free access." He added: "In the UK, we have decided and I think it's the right decision that you do need to have those security checks." Ms Reid interjected: "The security checks can still be done. "The visa is an extra obstacle." READ MORE: Ukraine war LIVE: Putin's troops 'walk into ambush' The former minister continued: "The proposal with the new visa coming in on Friday is that essentially it is the security checks and somebody is on the other side. "It's essentially a sponsored visa scheme where you take the fact that someone is willing to vouch for you here." It comes as Communities Secretary Michael Gove told MPs Ukrainians will be able to live and work in the UK for up to three years under the scheme, with "full and unrestricted access to benefits, healthcare, employment and other support". Those offering a place to stay will receive a tax-free monthly payment of £350 which will not affect benefit entitlements or council tax status. The Government wants to "minimise bureaucracy and make the process as straightforward as possible, while also doing everything we can to ensure the safety of all involved", he added as he set out how sponsors will need to submit to "vetting" while Ukrainians will also be subject to security checks. Initially the scheme will "facilitate sponsorship between people with known connections" so it can be "up and running as soon as possible", Mr Gove said, but added that it will "rapidly" expand by working with charities, faith and community groups. Mr Gove said the UK has a "long and proud history" of supporting the most vulnerable "in their darkest hours", adding: "The British people have already opened their hearts in so many ways, I'm hopeful that many will also be ready to open their homes and to help those fleeing persecution find peace, healing and the prospect of a brighter future." Shadow communities secretary Lisa Nandy said Labour was relieved to hear Mr Gove would announce the sponsorship scheme after weeks of delay, adding: "A press release is not a plan and we are really deeply concerned about the lack of urgency." DON'T MISS Germany to buy nuclear fighter jets in response to Putin aggression [INSIGHT]Russian TV protestor hailed as ‘unflinchingly brave’ [VIDEO]Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals [ANALYSIS] Ms Nandy insisted the visa application process could be simplified, telling Mr Gove: "We could keep essential checks but drop the excessive bureaucracy." Although Mr Gove told the Commons the scheme would be open to "all Ukrainian nationals and residents", the website does not mention residents who are not Ukrainian nationals. It says someone is eligible if they are a "Ukrainian national or the immediate family member of a Ukrainian national, and were resident in Ukraine prior to 1 January 2022." The web page appeared to be experiencing difficulties minutes after launching, with people trying to register their interest as individuals and organisations being timed out. In less than an hour, 1,500 people had already registered for the scheme, Mr Gove told MPs, adding that he hopes the first Ukrainians to receive support under the project will arrive within a week.