Antiques Roadshow is a staple BBC show helping auctioneers, historians, and family members discover the story behind their items and how much they are worth. In a recent episode, a grandson of a famous Newcastle football player wanted to know how much his family heirlooms were worth.  Having only travelled a short distance for the episode, the show's guest was the grandson of prized Newcastle United player Bobby Cowell. Bobby was an English football defender who joined the team in 1943 when the club was only playing friendly matches due to the league being suspended because of World War II. He continued to play for the team until 1955, winning three FA Cup medals in his career. Raj was delighted with the artefacts he saw on his table, smiling as he said: "What a fabulous collection of football memorabilia." Read More: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plan to destroy the Dingles exposed?   The owner explained the backstory behind how it came to have the lucrative items, with Raj adding: "We've got lots of things here, we've got his shirt from 1955, but the pièce de résistance are these three FA Cup medals. Unbelievable. "I mean, there's the 51, 52 and the 55 [pointing to the medals]. "He was one of their greats [referencing Bobby], in a decade Newcastle were up there." His grandson added: "[They were] more successful than they are nowadays; obviously, my grandad was one of only three players to achieve all three medals as well, so you don't get much better than that."  On closer examination of the items, the football within the collection of items appeared to have a sentimental value as well as financial. The "testimonial ball" was signed by the club's players when Bobby retired, with many of the players going on to be well-known football players. Raj got more and more excited as he learnt about the sporting goods and proclaimed: "I think it should be in the Newcastle ground, I think it should be in their museum. It's a fantastic collection. "Obviously, the medals are the most valuable, of course, it's because they are FA cup winner's medals, it makes them more special." DON’T MISS…Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty? [SPOILERS]'Get out!' Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy walk off Sunday Brunch as guest scolds hosts [LATEST]'I love you son' EastEnders' Lorraine Stanley pays tribute to co-star ahead of exit [LATEST]  "I would estimate the whole lot at somewhere between £20,000 and £25,000." Stunned by the eye-watering amount, the holder of the items paused for a moment to collect himself before simply replying: "Very nice." Despite never playing for England, Bobby played an impressive 330 games for Newcastle. The high price point made for a difficult decision, with the owner deciding whether to keep the heirlooms in the family or to sell and make a profit.   