Escape to the Chateau star Dick Strawbridge recently penned a sweet message to his daughter Charlotte Strawbridge. The star reached out to let her know that he “loves” her after she set off on her travels across the world. Charlotte announced earlier this month that she was taking a break from work to travel to Buenos Aires. She’s an artist and regularly shares updates on her pieces on social media. On February 16, Charlotte posted some pictures from her travels, showing the colours of the city. She penned: “Some of the colours in my world from the past few days in Buenos Aires.  Dick was quick to reply as he shared a sweet message back to her. The Escape to the Chateau star wrote: “Been thinking about you!! “If we’re name dropping … we’ve just finished in our performance in Worthing never mind Buenos Aires !! “Your daddy loves you x.”  Charlotte is Dick’s eldest daughter from his first marriage to Brigit A Weiner. He is also the parent of chef James Strawbridge with his ex-wife. Dick’s message follows on from the week before when he urged his followers to get their orders in for her work. He shared a link to her profile as he penned: “It may be too late but …..” DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSIGHT]Gethin Jones posts update from hospital after ankle surgery [VIDEO]   Dick is currently on tour with his second wife Angel Strawbridge and their young children, Arthur, nine, and Dorothy, eight. The family is touring around the UK with their Dare To Do It tour. This sees them telling the story of renovating their French chateau, which forms the basis of the hit Channel 4 series Escape to the Chateau. Speaking ahead of it, Dick and Angel candidly opened up about their age gap. They told the Belfast Telegraph on February 19 how Dick actually tried to end things with Angel over this.  He said: “I was introduced to Angela at a party. “She’s gorgeous, and her smile is phenomenal so as you can imagine, I was completely bowled over. “We fell in love very quickly and had a wonderful time. “But then I told Angela it was time for her to find a young man [and] have children because I felt I shouldn’t keep her from that.” 