The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the second largest barrier reef in the world while on their royal tour of Belize. In stunning footage shared by the royals, Kate and William swam 300 metres down to the coral reef on the weekend. In the video, William said: "It's really fantastic to see the underwater environment here in Belize and the wonderful work they've been doing to protect the coral and the fish life. "Belize's work on marine protection is world-leading which is crucial when you're protecting the world's second-largest barrier reef. "In fact, it's a UNESCO world heritage site. "It's clear to see that Belizeans value their environment whether it's the marine environment or the land environment. "It's great to see that their commitments are going further and further and we should support them and value their efforts to protect both the marine and the land environments." READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' In a tweet accompanying the post, it was noted that the effects of climate change "are evident", but also that the government of Belize and communities there "deserve huge recognition" for committing to protect 30 percent of its marine environment by 2030. Kate and William have since said goodbye to Belize after experiencing the nation's heritage, Maya culture and dance with the locals. They were waved off by a group of dignitaries after being given a red-carpet farewell with a guard of honour present. The next stop of their Caribbean tour will take them to Jamaica where later they will visit Trench Town, the Kingston neighbourhood where reggae great Bob Marley grew up. On Monday, the Duke declared "Ray Mears eat your heart out" as he brushed up on his jungle survival skills in Belize and drank rainwater from a vine. William was just 18 when he was taught the essential techniques by the British Army Training Support Unit (BATSUB) in Belize at the start of his gap year in 2000. He was reunited with his former Sandhurst sergeant major who now runs the jungle unit, and the officer described the future king - who turns 40 this year - as having "aged gracefully". The duke and duchess spent more than 90 minutes on a crash-course version of the survival techniques taught to British soldiers who spend six to eight weeks in that Belize jungle. DON'T MISS Philip would expect 'favourite son' Andrew to 'turn up' to memorial [VIDEO]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [INSIGHT]Prince Harry suffers another PR disaster as Duke snub royal event [ANALYSIS] Arriving at the BATSUB HQ, dubbed "The Schoolhouse", the couple were briefed on the five main pillars of survival in the environment - cooking, animal traps, shelters, water capture and fire. William and Kate were shown how to boil water using a plastic bottle dangling over a fire, fashion bamboo to use as a pressure cooker and make a bamboo spear to trap and kill monkeys and birds to eat. Looking at a guillotine styled trap, suspended five metres in the air from a tree, William turned to the press gathered to the side of the contraption and joked: "Ah, it could trap the media," as Kate burst into laughter. At the shelter section in another small part of the jungle, William demonstrated his former army training by expertly splitting a giant palm leaf down middle to be used for shelter.