Erik ten Hag has already planned a change at Manchester United, according to reports. The Ajax boss is eyeing a move to Old Trafford at the end of the campaign, despite the club also having interest in Mauricio Pochettino and Carlo Ancelotti. Ralf Rangnick, who was put in charge in December on an interim basis, isn’t in the running for the role full-time. Manchester United are currently weighing up who to name as their permanent replacement for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who lost his job earlier in the season. Pochettino is one option, with the Argentine on the club’s radar ever since his days at Southampton. Ancelotti is another to have emerged as a possible candidate over the past 24 hours, with the board open to making a short-term appointment. And Ten Hag has been strongly linked with the post, too, having done well at Ajax over the past five years - helping them re-establish themselves among Europe’s elite in the process. Now, the Daily Mail say the 52-year-old is keen on the job. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And it’s claimed that he’s already planning a change because he’d bring coach Mitchel van der Gaag with him to England should he end up securing the position he craves. At the moment, Chris Armas operates as Rangnick’s No 2 at Old Trafford. The American joined the club at the same time as his German superior following the departure of Michael Carrick. Carrick was placed in charge of United on an interim basis after Solskjaer’s sacking and did well, winning matches against Villarreal and Arsenal while drawing with Chelsea. After it was made clear to him he wouldn’t be trusted to lead the team permanently, however, he then decided to leave. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United also saw Kieran McKenna quit the club earlier in the campaign as well, with Rangnick previously hoping the coach would stay. McKenna has taken charge of Ipswich Town and helped them bounce back after a stuttering start to the campaign. United have had many assistants in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson walked away in 2013. David Moyes brought Chris Wood with him to Old Trafford upon leaving Everton yet the duo would find themselves unemployed just 10 months later. Albert Stuivenberg was Louis van Gaal’s No 2 along with Ryan Giggs, with the Dutchman currently working at Arsenal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Jose Mourinho had Rui Faria as his trusted confidant prior to the coach leaving in the summer of 2018. Whether United appoint Ten Hag ultimately remains to be seen. Speaking earlier in the season, after United sacked Solskjaer and hired Rangnick, Chris Sutton urged them to turn to the Ajax boss. “The fact that United have appointed an interim while they search for an interim is just odd. It’s amateurish. It screams of a half-hearted action,” he told Daily Mail. “Where’s the ambition? Where’s the permanent manager? Why procrastinate? “They’ve bowed to fan pressure without a plan. They like Mauricio Pochettino, apparently, and Pochettino likes them. If that’s the case, go and get him now. “If I was in the United boardroom, I’d be voting for Erik ten Hag. Who hasn’t been impressed by Ajax under his guidance? “His contract lasts until 2023, so compensation wouldn’t be crazy and United would be negotiating with a familiar face – Ajax CEO Edwin van der Sar. I bet Donny van de Beek would be pleased with that appointment! “United’s dithering meant they missed out on Antonio Conte. His impact at Tottenham is being felt now. “United need a top-level coach, someone with clout who can sort them out – not only from next season onward.”