Newcastle have reportedly ‘made contact’ with Argentine goal machine Giovanni Simeone as Chris Wood faces being replaced less than six months after arriving at St James’ Park. Wood only joined the Magpies in January from relegation rivals Burnley. But the New Zealander has failed to find the back of the net in any of the six games he has played for Newcastle. Luckily for Eddie Howe’s men, his drought has not proved damaging to their survival hopes, with Wood yet to experience a defeat in black and white. That turnaround in form has seen them rise out of the drop zone, with Howe’s men now four points clear of Burnley in the final relegation place. Howe is still aware though that his squad requires a major overhaul in the summer transfer window if they are to begin fulfilling the expectations that come with being the world’s richest team. The Newcastle boss will look to use the money of Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to drive that recruitment. JUST IN: Newcastle want to sign Chelsea star loved by Marina Granovskaia And it appears that attack remains one of his priority positions, despite bringing in Wood in the winter window. According to Calciomercato, Howe and his recruitment team are already beginning to scout potential targets. High up their list is said to be Argentine starlet Simeone, who has impressed for Serie A side Hellas Verona. Simeone has scored 15 goals in the Italian top-flight this season, to fire Verona to an impressive top-half place. DON'T MISS: Newcastle step up summer transfer plans as 'spy' watches Porto (TRANSFERS)Newcastle told their chances of signing Man Utd star Paul Pogba (INSIGHT)Newcastle chief Staveley 'ready for battle' with Spurs and Milan (NEWS) He is making good on the £10million fee it cost Verona to sign him from Cagliari in the summer, earning a call up to the Argentine national team. Despite his impressive form, Simeone has recently hinted that he is ready to move on, despite playing at Verona for less than a year. Those wishes have drawn the eye of Newcastle ‘in particular’, with the Magpies understood to have made contact to better understand his situation. The Premier League side do face competition from Atletico Madrid for Simeone’s signature, with Marseille also interested. A move for Simeone will leave Wood in an unwelcome position, especially if he is not able to find form before the end of the season. Howe will see star striker Callum Wilson return by the campaign’s end, with the Englishman already proven to be a consistent goalscorer in the top-flight. Though Wood does bring an added aerial threat to Newcastle, his lack of goals will leave him looking over his shoulder. That will especially be the case if the Magpies firm up their interest in Simeone, given his high potential.