Queen Rania of Jordan, 51, has four children and is admired by many royal fans for her chic style and impressive figure. What diet does the royal follow? Queen Rania of Jordan reportedly follows the GI diet, that is, the Glycemic Index Diet.  The GI diet is a popular weight loss tool that classifies food depending on how high blood sugar levels rise after eating carbohydrates. The system assigns a number from one to 100 for foods that contain carbohydrates. The number represents how much each food is increasing the person’s blood sugar. With number 100 representing pure glucose, foods are rated high if they are greater than 70, moderate between 56 and 69, and low if less than 55. READ MORE: Queen Rania wows in white with her husband - 'Stunning' The plan considers the foods people eat but also the way they prepare them. Low GI diets promote fat loss and have been associated with a reduction in weight and cholesterol, hence why Queen Rania looks so fantastic at 51. Queen Rania's secret for looking beautiful, fit and healthy as well as maintaining her spectacular figure is eating a balanced diet and following the Glycemic Index Diet. Dietitian Juliette Kellow said of the GI diet: "The diet plan is really simple and is sure to get results. “You'll love the GI plan if you want to lose weight by following a balanced, healthy diet without cutting out major groups of food or severely restricting what you eat." Although according to the low GI diet, nothing is strictly banned. Some foods are not recommended though, including bread, pasta, breakfast cereals or noodles. Queen Rania reportedly eliminated flour dishes from her diet, so she does not eat bread or pasta.  However, the monarch allows herself a treat every now and then and loves burgers, which her husband King Abdullah, 60, reportedly prepares at home on the weekends. The royal also loves dark chocolate, as she herself has confessed. Rania's meal plan reportedly combines this system with the Mediterranean diet. Therefore, the royal's diet includes foods such as rice, steamed vegetables, lamb and grilled fish.  Also, Queen Rania does not drink or smoke. She reportedly loves couscous and nuts, especially almonds and walnuts. What about Queen Rania’s exercise regime? The Jordanian Queen also combines her healthy diet with exercise. She reportedly starts her day with a short yoga class. Rania enjoys Pilates, aerobic exercises and running. She is also a fan of kickboxing. 