In the most recent instalment of Peaky Blinders, BBC viewers watched as Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) attended to unfinished business across the UK. As he met with different family members and business associates, it became clear the gang leader was getting his affairs in order after being told he has a terminal illness. However, could there be a chance Tommy will survive his tuberculoma diagnosis or has his death already been sealed? Tommy met with Liverpool docks and union convenor Hayden Stagg (Stephen Graham). He paid Hayden for his motivational and comradely conversation with Arthur Shelby (Paul Anderson) before reminding him he was still due a beating for stealing from the Shelbys’ opium haul. Hayden began the meeting: “Apologies for the initial misunderstanding.” “My brother dealt with it,” Tommy replied as he handed over a stash of notes for the “care he took” of Arthur. Read more: Emmett J Scanlan age: How old is Peaky Blinders’ Billy Grade star? “Mr Stagg I could use a man like you I have friends that are in need of guns.” Tommy explained he needed Hayden to take care of a shipment of submachine guns arriving for the IRA. Hayden was to unload and store the weapons from Boston. “There will also be ammunition like this,” Tommy added as he handed over a bullet with Stagg’s name on it. “I need you to take better care of the guns and ammunition than you did of the powder.” Tommy explained he was considering rerouting his supply line through Liverpool which would make Hayden a very rich man. The Liverpool docks and union convenor was fearlessly calm before revealing he had noticed something about Tommy’s character. He commented: “Is that why you do it, Mr Shelby? Keep all this going to hear people say thank you. You could close all this down, you could leave this sport behind, you could live like an ordinary mortal man. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders boss talks leaving out Mosley details from series [INTERVIEW]Peaky Blinders theory: Michael Gray's death sealed after Polly clue? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders star details alternative script featuring Polly Gray [INSIGHT] “On your gravestone, ‘An ordinary mortal man’ but instead you still go around and collect please and thank you and sorry and forgive me, Mr Shelby. Is that what it’s all for?” Tommy pointed a gun at Hayden’s head before putting it away and explaining the rush of excitement he gets from that act is why he is still in the business. “Soon Mr Stagg when my last bit of business is done I will indeed be an ordinary mortal man,” he concluded. Hayden’s words echoed that of Tommy’s last week when he received the news his tuberculoma diagnosis was fatal. The Liverpudlian has shown on two occasions that he has the ability to read the Shelby brothers’ minds. Could Hayden’s choice of words that mirror Tommy’s turn-of-phrase foreshadow the gang leader’s death? Many fans were hoping the diagnosis would prove to be wrong but it seems Tommy may not be able to escape death this time. Peaky Blinders concludes on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.