On social media, customers are alerting the postal service and the general public about a text which is being sent around to various people. The text in question reminds customers that they have missed a delivery from Royal Mail and includes a link to a convincing website, which is posing as the service’s help site. One customer shared a message she had received on Twitter, tagging Royal Mail to inquire whether they were aware of this latest method of fraud. According to the concerned Twitter user, the attached website is a very “convincing clone” of Royal Mail’s actual website to assist customers with queries. This example of fraud is used to take advantage of peoples’ trust in known institutions to trick them into parting with their private information. The Twitter user named danlesac said: “The website on this scam text is an incredibly convincing clone of the @RoyalMailHelp website. Could easily catch you out if you were expecting a parcel. “Just a little too pushy with the social engineering pop ups. Careful out there.” READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim These messages are being sent to Royal Mail customers, new and old, regardless whether they are waiting for a delivery to come in. The text read: “Your driver Jamie tried to give you your parcel today at 11:32am. To reschedule and track your parcels, visit …” Attached to the message was a link to a website. It encouraged victims to click on to supposedly pick up their order. In response, Royal Mail said: “This isn’t one of our messages. We launched a Stamp Out Scams campaign to help customers determine genuine calls, texts and emails from ones that aren't. “Please see (our website) for more information on typical scams and details of how to report them.” On its website, Royal Mail explains how scam delivery texts operate and what people should look our The postal service explained: “Fraudsters and criminals want to lure you into giving them something which they can use to their advantage. “In a scam email or text message, their goal is often to convince you to click a link (this is known as ‘phishing’). “Once clicked, you may be sent to a dodgy website which could download viruses onto your computer, or steal your passwords and personal information.” Furthermore, Royal Mail warned of the dangers posed by scams which target people through phone calls. The organisation added: “Over the phone, the approach may be more direct, asking you for sensitive information, such as banking details. “Don’t fall for them. If you’re ever in doubt, you can report them to our dedicated team and delete them from your inbox or message / call history.” Anyone who has been targeted by a similar text message, email or phone call which is claiming to be Royal Mail, is encouraged to reach out to the postal service as soon as possible. Queries to Royal Mail about scams can be directed to reportascam@royalmail.com.