Manchester United skipper Harry Maguire has apparently upset his team-mates by openly criticising their mistakes on the pitch despite struggling with his own form this season. Maguire joined the Red Devils from Leicester City in August 2019 and was appointed captain by former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. United shelled out £80million to prise the England international away from the Foxes as they set a new world record transfer fee for a defender. And he has been a key part of the United backline ever since. But the star has been slammed for his displays at times and his performances have been inconsistent this season. Maguire came under the spotlight last month as the 13-times Premier League champions surrendered leads against Burnley and Southampton. And, according to the Daily Mail, some United players are not happy about how the 28-year-old has reacted to their blunders and have also taken exception to what he has told the media. Maguire could only muster a place on the bench for United’s Premier League stalemate against Watford last weekend. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell  Interim manager Ralf Rangnick suggested the player had only been rested for that encounter after the team had returned in “the middle of the night” following their Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid. But it remains to be seen whether Maguire will return for the Manchester derby on Sunday as United travel to the Etihad Stadium. The Red Devils are reportedly on the hunt for a world-class centre-back in the summer, with Chelsea’s Antonio Rudiger and Barcelona’s Ronald Araujo being touted as possible options. So Maguire could soon find himself battling to save his United career if club chiefs decide he is no longer part of their long-term plans. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration     Last month, reports suggested that Maguire could be replaced as United skipper. But Rangnick was quick to back the former Hull City ace on that occasion. “I think when he came back after his injury he did extremely well,” Rangnick said. “He had a very good performance, a very good game against West Ham. “In the past two games, yeah he had some weaker moments, against Southampton and when we conceded the goal at Burnley - but he's our captain and I don't see any reason to change that.   “He's a player who has to develop, get better, like all the other players.” United will be under pressure to pick-up a positive result on Sunday as Rangnick is desperate to finish in the top four this season. The north west side currently occupy the final Champions League qualifying spot, but West Ham and Arsenal trail them by just two points, with the Gunners also having three games in hand on them.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here