The Queen's Platinum Jubilee is the first celebration of its kind in the UK, as no other British monarch has ever reached the impressive milestone. So the nation will be pulling out all the stops with a four-day bank holiday this June, and the Royal Family will undoubtedly be out in full force for the celebrations. Here's how Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will play a major role in the Platinum Jubilee.  Kate's upcoming royal tour will be one of the most high-profile aspects of the Duchess' Platinum Jubilee role this year. Kate and Prince William will visit Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas for a week in March, and the visit will be the Cambridges' first to the Caribbean. In a personal tweet signed off with the couple's trademark 'W & C' initials, Kate and William said they "can't wait" for their visit. The couple wrote: "We are so excited to visit Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas next month as we mark The Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice and Eugenie forced to flee Balmoral with Fergie "We can't wait to meet people in all three countries, celebrate local cultures and understand more about innovative work being done across communities." The tour will be a source of great interest to the world's press, and it will mark the Cambridges' first joint overseas tour since the Covid pandemic began. A Kensington Palace spokeswoman said: "Throughout their visit, the Duke and Duchess will take the opportunity to commemorate Her Majesty's Platinum Jubilee. "Their programme will also touch on a number of themes that are close to Their Royal Highnesses' hearts and a key focus of their work with The Royal Foundation, including The Earthshot Prize, mental health and the importance of early childhood to lifelong outcomes."   The Duchess of Cambridge dazzled the nation with her impressive piano-playing skills last Christmas at her Together at Christmas concert at Westminster Abbey. The future Queen performed with singing sensation Tom Walker, tickling the ivories while Tom sang his hit 'For Those Who Can't Be Here'. With the world now aware of Kate's musical talents, many are hopeful she will perform again for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.  DON'T MISS:Queen to mark key celebration next week after Covid recovery [INSIGHT]The eye-watering cost of Prince George's rumoured new school revealed [ANALYSIS]Princess Diana's unseen portrait has striking similarities to Kate [PICTURES] The Royal Family are expected to attend an array of Platinum Jubilee events in June, so we are likely to see Kate and William at several of these. On Thursday, June 2, the Royal Family is expected to appear at Buckingham Palace for the first London-based Trooping the Colour since Covid struck in 2020. The Cambridges could also appear on the palace balcony with their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, for the traditional royal wave to the crowds. Kate may also appear at The Cazoo Derby at Epsom Downs with other royals on Saturday, June 4, followed by the Platinum Party at the Palace later that day. 