The royal celebrates her 32nd birthday today, and will likely be readying for a weekend packed with celebrations. She and her sister, Princess Beatrice, were recently pictured at the Bahrain Grand Prix, alongside their respective husbands Jack Brooksbank and Edo Mapelli Mozzi. The pair appeared without their children but enjoyed the sunshine in Formula One's inaugural race of the 2022 season. It comes after Eugenie paid tribute to the "courageous and resilient" women of the world, to mark International Women's Day earlier this week. In an Instagram post, the mother of one wrote: “Happy International Women’s Day. “Here’s to strong, courageous, resilient women all across the world." She added: “May we celebrate them today and everyday.” Eugenie is among a raft of ever-popular women at the centre of the Royal Family, seeing her popularity soar particularly during the coronavirus pandemic. But despite that popularity, the two York sisters have experienced their share of negativity, including while youngsters alongside their parents Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson, revealing all in a joint Vogue interview ahead of Eugenie and Jack’s wedding. Beatrice said: “It’s hard to navigate situations like these because there is no precedent, there is no protocol. “We are the first: we are young women trying to build careers and have personal lives, and we’re also princesses and doing all of this in the public eye.” JUST IN: Princess Eugenie's close bond with Princess Beatrice in six photos Eugenie also said that the sisters found coping with the intense media spotlight challenging. They cited their own parents' difficulties with the press, which in recent months has seen Prince Andrew's association with paedophile Jeffrey Epstein dominate the headlines. Eugenie added: "We’ve had some serious grounding from our parents. "They’ve had their fair share of terrible media interest and it makes us stronger. DON'T MISS:Eugenie's 'steady weight' is due to 'diverse cuisines' - here's why [INSIGHT]Inside Eugenie's home after Meghan and Harry's £2.4million renovations [ANALYSIS]Princess Beatrice and Eugenie stun in floral dresses 'Lovely!' [LATEST] “We believe very strongly in who we are, and the support system of our friends and our family is pretty incredible. “There's no point being angry with anyone for beating us up – we just need to shine light and love in the world.” Yet throughout their struggles, both Eugenie and Beatrice have remained rocks for one another, perhaps most strikingly shown by their decision to choose one another as their Maid of Honour. Eugenie added: “There was a horrible article that had been written about Beatrice and she got really upset. "We were just about to step out and she had a bit of a wobble and cried. I was looking after her. "And then about an hour later, I had a wobble and started crying and Bea was there for me.” Three years ago Beatrice and Eugenie issued a joint speech on stage at WE Day festival to highlight bullying. Beatrice said: “There will be too many moments on this stage today where you will hear stories of bullying. “I don’t believe that there are many things in life that can make you feel more vulnerable, more helpless, more alone, than being bullied. “It comes in many many forms. “We’ve all suffered our fair share along the way. “Growing up in the public eye means every embarrassing, slightly awkward growth spurt, or hilarious fashion moment, is published around the world. “Together we have laughed, together we have cried. “Ultimately though, together we fuelled each other’s sense of humour. “When stones are being thrown, we reassure each other that people don’t often understand how hurtful they can be. “This especially in the world we live in today.”