Based on the real-life memoirs of veterinary surgeon James Alfred Wight, All Creatures Great and Small created a sense of wholesome escapism for fans as they tuned in to watch the residents of Darrowby. Head writer and executive producer, Ben Vanstone has now revealed what might be ahead for the programme’s third instalment, teasing a very "moving" storyline. At the heart of the series are the animals of the farmers and residents of Darrowby. It should come as no surprise one of these will feature as part of a very "moving" storyline when the Channel 5 series returns. Showrunner Ben teased to PBS: "There’s a great horse story in episode three, which is really moving, and I think it’s going to be fantastic. “We don’t have any lambs in spring this year, come to think of it, but someone in Skeldale House might get a new pet.” READ MORE: Loose Women's Linda Robson sparks uproar over Ukraine admission  Season three is expected to arrive "on our screens this year," and viewers might also finally get to see James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) and Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton) tie the knot. Ben teased: "In season three, Helen and James have become engaged, so I think it’s fair to say there may be a marriage on the horizon, perhaps. “It’s 1939, so it will come as no surprise that war is looming and that will increasingly cast a shadow over our characters’ lives." World War II will be looming, viewers will see the conflict from the perspective of those on the home front.  Despite this, Ben insisted it wouldn't be at the forefront of the show. He explained: “Ultimately, our show is about Darrowby and the world of the Yorkshire Dales and the farmers within it." The producer went on to reiterate the programme wouldn't turn into a "war drama," hoping to keep its light-hearted nature.   The cast and crew are already back at work on the new series with Siegfried Farnon star Samuel West sharing teasers on his social media. Sharing a snap of himself holding a white bunny, he wrote on Twitter: "Dydd Gŵyl Dewi Hapus bawb ["Happy St. David's Day everyone" in Welsh]. “And happy first day of meteorological Spring, all. "And WHITE RABBITS, from #AllCreaturesGreatAndSmall (mostly small). We start filming Series 3 tomorrow." DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small's Nicholas Ralph on landing role  [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small's Rachel Shenton on disruptive co-star  [LATEST]All Creatures Great and Small star on Siegfried role  [WATCH] The following day, he went on to share snaps of clapperboards as filming is underway. He tweeted: “Mist and rain from dawn till tea. And off we go on Series Three. “The British name it that with reason. Some people call a series, ‘season’ #AllCreaturesGreatAndSmall.” Samuel also posted a snap of himself with Callum Woodhouse who plays on-screen brother Tristan. All Creatures Great and Small Series 1 and 2 are available to stream on My5. 