Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse has taken to Twitter to address her fears that the conflict in Ukraine is escalating. The dance star, 40, has been consistently sharing her thoughts about the Russian invasion of Ukraine with her social media fans, but today admitted that it "doesn't feel good" given the most recent update in the country. In view of her 72,000 followers, the professional dancer relayed her thoughts on the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, comparing it to the coronavirus lockdowns. Motsi wrote: "Remember after the first lockdown how we all thought we will never see a lockdown again and then boom a second lockdown longer than the first one. "This is what the situation feels like! "It seems like the situation is escalating... READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award "Just doesn’t feel good!!!!" she ended her post. Mosti's tweet comes a day after a cryptic post revealing the war between Ukraine and Russia has made her realise she could "never" be friends with some people due to their views on the conflict. Motsi is married to Ukrainian dancer Evgenij Voznyuk and has previously told how his parents remain in their native country, hiding out in bunkers amid Russia’s invasion and unable to escape via the Polish border. Writing on her Instagram story, the star spoke about the differences of opinion on the conflict. "This situation also makes me how I could never, ever be friends with some people, friendly, politeness yes but never friends because we care about different things which is fine but also a reminder for me”, (sic) wrote Motsi, who shares a three-year-old daughter with Evgenij. Despite having limited contact with her in-laws, Motsi explained she had been able to speak with them recently and they are still trying to leave Ukraine through its other neighbouring countries. Posting a picture of a woman, appearing to be her mother-in-law, Motsi wrote: "My mother last few days, they have spent most of their time in the basement! (sic) "It is winter cold, no heating. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Shirley Ballas slams dancers for 'promoting business' amid Ukraine war [UPDATE] "They tried to buy food but we're not capable to get anything. (sic) Motsi told how she and Evgenij talk to them regularly, writing: "We are in contact every few hours. "They will sleep there tonight. "People are suffering and we cannot do anything except show what is going on," she ended the caption. Motsi's post came as former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff sparked outrage over an "insensitive" tweet about Russia's ongoing attack on Ukraine. The professional dancer told her 148,000 followers in a now-deleted tweet she did not “give a s**t about the war", before apologising for her remarks in a later message. According to the MailOnline, Kristina wrote: “I do want to focus on what sort of punishment Boris Johnson will have for destroying my family run business and 1000 of others. “Many of my friends LOST businesses because of government lockdowns. Don't give a s**t about the war but I do about the debt because of NO TRADING for 2yrs.” (sic)