The Duchess of Cambridge chose a beautiful royal blue dress for the occasion. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge disembarked the Royal Air Force aircraft at Philip S W Goldson International Airport in Belize on March 19. Kate opted for a royal blue lace midi dress by designer Jenny Packham which she combined with a pair of blue stilettos and a matching clutch. The blue outfit is in honour of the country and the all-blue flag of Belize. READ MORE: Rather un-royal': Princess Eugenie's body language is 'carefree' The Duchess of Cambridge styled her hair in a chic half updo and opted for a natural make-up look. For jewellery, the royal donned her sapphire engagement ring, a pair of sapphire earrings and a matching necklace. Fans took to social media to comment on Kate's stylish outfit. Royal watcher @dagmar_Marie77 commented: "Looking gorgeous as always!"   Twitter user @DancingInfinit1 said: "Looks so stylish!!! Love it!!!!" Royal fan @KateMiddstyle agreed: "Kate's blue lace skirt suit (or dress?) is so pretty!"  Royal account @loveforcambridgd said: "Love the colour in honour of the host country." Another fan, Isabel Martin, commented: "Lovely and elegant couple!"  @CiciTee agreed: "The Duchess of Cambridge is gorgeous. "Looks like she is wearing the blue dress she wore to Canada a few years ago."  User @rbaker8600 added: "They both look fabulous." Royal fan @melissakenneylimhp said: "Oh my goodness... that dress. She's stunning in that colour" while @heidimariescott added: "Oh please! Give me a break Kate! How can you look this good after such a long flight? We mortal human beings want to know." @dayannemorato added: "The lace is absolutely beautiful! WOW" For the first day of their Caribbean royal tour, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had planned to visit a cacao farm in Indian Creek village which has now been cancelled.  This is because residents have opposed the royal trip and carried out protests in the area. After their arrival, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met the Prime Minister of Belize Johnny Briceno and his wife.