Angel Adoree has revealed the waring Dick Strawbridge gave to her after their first encounter as she opened up on her married life on the podcast ID10T with Chris Hardwick. The Escape to the Chateau stars discussed the early stages of their relationship with the podcast host as they highlighted their 19 year age gap. Speaking on the podcast, Angel and Dick opened up on their first encounter. Angel began: “One of the reasons I fell madly in love with Dick is he has this passion. “Dick sucks the marrow out of the bones of life. Every bit of life he wants to experience, to try to do. “When I met him I fell in love with that because you don’t really say no.” Read more: Dick and Angel Strawbridge reflect on leaving chateau to come 'home' “You say no to something if I ask for it,” Angel joked. “But just in terms of experiencing life and trying new foods and flavours and experiences. “I was just mesmerised talking to Dick the first time, the first time we met we were just together after that. “It was lovely his passion for life is extraordinary.” Discussing their first meeting, she continued: “Dick was 50 and I was in my early 30s and it’s quite easy to say, ‘Find yourself someone younger’ which you did do. “But then you thought, ‘No I’m just going to go for it, give it a go.’” In a previous interview, Dick opened up on his first encounter with Angel in 2010. He had no plans to remarry after separating from his first wife Bridget Strawbridge Howard. DON'T MISSEscape to the Chateau’s Angel opens up about being away from family [INTERVIEW]Dick Strawbridge's last-minute plea amid family member's farewell [INSIGHT]Escape to the Chateau's Angel on time away from husband Dick  [INTERVIEW] Speaking to the Belfast Telegraph, Dick recalled: "I was introduced to Angela at a party. "She’s gorgeous, and her smile is phenomenal, so as you can imagine, I was completely bowled over. “We didn’t get much of a chance to talk that evening, but we both knew there was something special between us.” The Channel 4 star admitted he thought their 19 year age gap may have been a huddle too great to overcome. “We fell in love very quickly and had a wonderful time,” he said. “But then I told Angela it was time for her to find a young man [and] have children because I felt I shouldn’t keep her from that.” Dick and Angel got married in 2015 and share two children Arthur, born in 2013 and Dorothy, born in 2014. Escape to the Chateau is available to watch on All4.