Tottenham Hotspur head coach Antonio Conte called on his players to give him 'answers' in Saturday's six-pointer at Manchester United. Conte's side mauled Everton 5-0 in the Premier League on Monday night, but his full focus is already on the trip to Old Trafford as the battle for fourth rages on. The start of Tottenham's joy in front of goal was provided by Everton defender Michael Keane, who diverted a whipped Ryan Sessegnon cross past Jordan Pickford after 14 minutes. Just moments later, Heung-min Son slipped a finish below Pickford to double the hosts lead before Harry Kane added a third with a confident one-on-one finish before half-time. Sergio Reguilon replaced Sessegnon at the break and just 40 seconds into the second half profited on more calamitous defending to prod Tottenham's fourth of the evening home. And Kane notched a second before the hour mark, producing the pick of the bunch by letting a lofted through ball travel over him and firing a left-footed volley across goal and off the post. JUST IN: 5 things we learned as Kane inspires five-star Spurs to thrash Everton  After full-time, Conte was happy with a 'really good' performance and emphatic result in north London. He told Sky Sports: "[It was] a good game, also a good answer after the last defeat. It wasn't an easy game because Everton are fighting. "They have a really good squad with good players. Tonight we played a really good game. We moved the ball very well. We attacked the space at the right time. "I'm pleased for my players. The hard work we are doing is starting to pay. This team is improving a lot. We have a lot of space to continue to improve." READ MORE: Jamie Carragher sticks the boot in as he savages Everton's defence  Conte also lauded Kane's recent displays but swiftly turned his focus towards the mammoth clash at Old Trafford this weekend. The Italian coach has demanded 'answers' from his players in a game with significant implications in the fight for a top-four spot. He continued: "Harry Kane is in a good moment of form. He's an important player for us. Today it's good to celebrate because we won 5-0, but I want an answer from my players in the game against United on Saturday. "I want to see if we're getting better and better in a tough game against an important team fighting with us for the top four. "It was a good night for everyone. On Saturday it will be a really tough game and we have to show we're becoming stronger." Tottenham, in seventh, are now just two points behind United with two games in hand, so there will be more pressure on the hosts to deliver a result on Saturday. The manner of Spurs' triumph over Everton has edged them above the Red Devils' goal difference, too, giving them all the momentum heading into the meeting in M16. Recording a third straight Premier League win against United this weekend would all but end Ralf Rangnick's side's top-four hopes but potentially act as a platform for Conte to guide Spurs back amongst Europe's elite. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.