Season nine of The Blacklist is still going full steam ahead on NBC, with a new episode arriving this Friday. Meanwhile, CBS’s equally popular drama FBI will continue its fourth season next week and is set to feature a familiar face in a key guest role. Brett Cullen will guest star as a Congressman in the upcoming episode of FBI, titled Protective Details. TV mainstay Brett portrayed a key figure in eight episodes over the course of seasons six through nine of The Blacklist. Initially introduced as simply ‘The Stranger’, he was eventually revealed as Ilya Koslov, an old friend of Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader). He shared the role with actor Gabriel Mann, who portrayed a younger version of the character. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role After some sporadic appearances in visions and flashbacks, it appears Brett’s stint as Ilya officially came to an end in 2019. However, Blacklist fans will get a chance to see him on screens again in next week’s episode of FBI. The official synopsis reads: “After an ICE agent is fatally shot at an ICE vs DEA hockey game, the team attempts to find the shooter who they believe may also be targeting Congressman Curtis Grange (Brett Cullen), who was at the same game.” Brett’s Congressman Curtis could become a major political player in future episodes of the series. Alternatively, his life could be in grave danger during the episode, so it’s likely Brett’s guest spot will be a one-off appearance. Outside his role on The Blacklist, Brett most recently appeared in a main role in Amazon Prime Video’s crime drama series, Big Dogs. He starred alongside Manny Perez and Lance Henriksen as Captain McKeutchen in the series created by Adam Dunn, based on his More series of novels. Brett is also well-known for his roles as Governor Ray Sullivan in The West Wing, Goodwin Stanhope in Lost and Cole Van Awken in Queen of the South. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone UK release: Drama finally gets streaming release [LATEST]Gordon Ramsay addresses Marco Pierre White feud [INSIGHT]New Amsterdam hiatus: Fans furious as season 4 off-air [UPDATE] He has also played Thomas Wayne in the recent Batman spin-off, Joker, and appeared in other popular films such as The Dark Knight Rises, The Shallows and Reminiscence. While other popular dramas like New Amsterdam have had their runs interrupted by a lengthy hiatus on NBC, The Blacklist is thankfully still going strong. A 10th season was also confirmed by James Spader himself back in February this year. Meanwhile, FBI is in the midst of a three-week streak on CBS, though is scheduled to take a break in early April. In the latest episode, Scar Tissue, the team tracked down a cross-country serial killer when a body is uncovered bound with the same knot as another local victim. Plus, fans finally met the father of Isobel Castille (Alana de la Garza), who has a surprising connection to the latest case. The fourth season will be taking a short break after next week’s episode but will be back on Tuesday, April 12 for episode 17, One Night Stand. The Blacklist is also continuing despite the death of series lead Liz Keen (Megan Boone) and will air new episodes every Friday over the next three weeks. The Blacklist season 9 continues Fridays on NBC in the USA. FBI season 4 continues Tuesdays on CBS. UK release dates have yet to be announced.