The London mayor joined thousands of Brits at a "London stand with Ukraine" rally on Saturday where he said he was "full of admiration" for those opening their homes. But Sadiq Khan revealed he will not be taking in a Ukrainian refugee due to a "variety of reasons" including for protection and security. The mayor of London, who earns £152,734, praised Londoners for going "above and beyond". Mr Khan told Sky News: "I'm full of admiration for everyone who is opening their homes to Ukrainian refugees. "We personally won't be for a variety of reasons, those being protection, security and a lack of space. "But in London we've seen over the last few weeks, Londoners going above and beyond. "Not just donating money to brilliant charities but also by opening their homes to those arriving." READ MORE: Joe Biden: Refugee lashes out at POTUS - 'Why speak to me?'  He continued: "It is important throughout the next few days, weeks to make it far, far easier, and much more easier for those who are fleeing Ukraine to come here. "You compare our Government's actions versus the actions of Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Poland, it's embarrassing. "We've got be doing much more." Crowds held banners reading "stop (Vladimir) Putin's war", "no fly zone" and "solidarity with Ukraine" and sang as police officers followed. The London leader also urged those in the capital to continue their "generosity" towards refugees. He added: "I'm full of admiration for anybody who has the space to provide a room for those who have fled Ukraine. "It's really important families are not left to their own devices, the Government has to step up and support them." DON'T MISS Katya Adler outlines why France may not be keen on US gas deal [INSIGHT]'We fight for your freedom' Lammy joins thousands to support Ukraine [VIDEO]‘Nazis have returned’ Russians destroy holocaust memorial in Ukraine [ANALYSIS] It comes as Mr Khan announced more than £1.1 million in funding to support migrants, refugees and people seeking asylum in London. Labour's shadow foreign secretary David Lammy, who was also in attendance, led a chant of "stand with Ukraine". He said: "We come here to send a message to the beautiful people of Ukraine that we are with you in this fight." Mr Lammy also called for "dirty Russian money" that has "polluted" the UK economy to "end".