It will be dry across most of the UK over the weekend. This condition is also expected to remain over much of the rest of the month. There is “lots of spring sunshine to look forward to”, according to the latest BBC Weather for the Week Ahead report. The worst of the coming week is likely to occur this evening, on Friday, and into Saturday morning. Though even this will be confined to some patches of mist and fog. After this, on Saturday, temperatures will be firmly in the mid-teens in the Midlands and will rise higher in other parts of the UK. The BBC reported the highest will be experienced in the northwest of Scotland, with temperatures reaching up to 18 degrees. It could, the broadcaster added, be “the warmest day of the year so far”. Reports from the Met Office were even more hopeful. Meteorologist Alex Deakin said there will be “sunny skies from top to bottom in the UK”. READ MORE: BBC Laura Kuenssberg replacement: Beeb’s all-female shortlist exposed He added the top temperatures across the highlands could possibly reach 19 degrees, “or possibly squeak up too 20C for the first time this year”. Mr Deakin said: "Sunny skies from top to bottom in the UK. Lots of blue sky around. "There will be more of a breeze compared to Friday across England and Wales. "That will perhaps make it feel a little cooler than Friday but temperatures will still be well above average in land in the sunshine - 14C or 15C, maybe 16C or 17C in Cardiff and Glasgow. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] "The top temperature will likely be across the highlands of Scotland, where we could possibly see 19C or possibly squeak up to 20C for the first time this year." It may be a little cooler on Sunday, according to reports. There could also be some showers in the southeast of England, though these will only be light. Temperatures on Sunday will largely remain in the low teens, though may dip to the high single digits in some areas. Reports suggest next week will also be mainly dry and settled. Even the week after is currently looking stable, though this could be subject to change. Meanwhile, major weather systems which threaten rain will, according to the BBC, be “hundreds, if not thousands of miles away from the UK”. There are currently no weather warnings from the Met Office for the weekend ahead, or the week thereafter. It looks as though this is unlikely to change.