The Ukrainian President released a video statement to social media in the early hours on Friday condemning the Russian military’s actions after the power plant came under fire. The 44-year-old leader compared the Russian artillery fire at the Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant to the devastating Chernobyl disaster after the nuclear accident in Soviet occupied Ukraine took the lives of thousands.    Mr Zelensky accused the Kremlin of resorting to “nuclear terror” and wanting to “repeat” the devastating Chernobyl disaster which took place 35 years ago. He said in a video message: “No country other than Russia has ever fired on nuclear power units. “This is the first time in our history. In the history of mankind. READ MORE: Newsnight: ‘Frailties in Russian army’ EXPOSED by former US adviser  “The terrorist state now resorted to nuclear terror.” According to reports, invading Russian armed forces shot at Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, which is the largest in Europe. Flames from the station were seen shortly after the attack, causing many officials to condemn the move. Head Zaporizhzhia Plant Igor Murashov said: “Nuclear safety at the Zaporizhzhya NPP has been broken. DON'T MISSUS truckers claim there is no war happening in Ukraine [REVEAL]BBC QT: 'Shame on you!' Penny Mordaunt trades blows with Peter Kyle MP [UPDATE]Russia: Countries that could be Putin's next target - 'Why not?' [INSIGHT]  “We are doing everything possible, but the fire is going on, firefighters are not allowed. “There are great risks. Fighting is going on at the plant. The reactors are in danger.” Meanwhile, Ukraine’s Foreign Minister said an explosion at the site would be “10 times larger than Chernobyl”. Minister of Foreign Affairs Dmytro Kuleba wrote on Twitter: “Russian army is firing from all sides upon Zaporizhzhia NPP, the largest nuclear power plant in Europe. “Fire has already broke out. If it blows up, it will be 10 times larger than Chernobyl! “Russians must IMMEDIATELY cease the fire, allow firefighters, establish a security zone!”      In Mr Zelensky’s emotional speech he said he feared an explosion that would be “the end for everyone, the end for Europe, the evacuation of Europe”. He added: “Only urgent action by Europe can stop the Russian troops. “Do not allow the death of Europe from a catastrophe at a nuclear power station.” The International Atomic Energy Agency has, however, assured that essential equipment had not been affected by the fire caused by Russian invaders and that Ukraine’s nuclear regulator reported no change in radiation levels. In a statement the group announced: “The real threat to Ukrainian lives continues to be the violent invasion and bombing of their country.” The power plant reactor is different to the one used at Chernobyl, which means there should be little risk posed as long as the containment vessel is not damaged and outside power can be restored, Jon B. Wolfsthal, a former senior director for arms control and nonproliferation at the National Security Council and former special adviser to then-Vice President Joe Biden stated. He added: “Everyone needs to take a step back and not jump to conclusions.” 