 In the matter of days, rebated diesel, which is often referred to as red diesel, and rebated biofuels will no longer be allowed to be used as they currently are. With the law change, only a small number of industries will be able to use red diesel, although this will be done in a tightly controlled manner.  The move has sparked concern, with reports suggesting that around half of affected firms could be put out of business due to staggering fuel cost rises of around 55 percent from red to white diesel. SulNOx Group have warned that the move to end the rebate on red diesel would hit consumers in the pocket while having a minimal impact on improving the environment. Nawaz Haq, Executive Director of SulNOx Group Plc, said the timing of the rule change, particularly in the current climate with record fuel prices, was worrying. He added: “A radical rethinking of the Government’s fuel policies is needed. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’  “At the moment, fuel policies are not aligned to the economic needs of consumers or businesses and do little to combat emissions and improve air quality. “The red diesel taxation is nothing more than a deadly tax without purpose that will not only threaten the survival of half of affected businesses at a cost of £500million, but also threaten the Government’s own waste strategy. “It is clear to see that we are not at a stage where construction plant vehicles for example can be electrified - the technology either just isn’t there or is nowhere near being viable if it is. “What also doesn’t make sense is the fact that cleaner fuels such as HVO are also being penalised by this taxation. DON'T MISSWhat to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [INSIGHT]Petrol and diesel prices could spike at Morrisons fuel stations [WARNING]Calls to end ‘significant' car tax which is forcing drivers off roads [SHOCKING]  “Crippling taxes and no viable greener vehicle and machinery options mean businesses must focus and prioritise improving efficiencies and reducing fuel consumption.” Many businesses in the agriculture, farming and construction sectors rely heavily on red diesel, with many saying it could seriously harm their livelihoods. The Government says the new rules will help to ensure fairness between the different users of diesel fuels, as well as encouraging the development and adoption of greener alternative technologies. It is also hoped that it will encourage fuel users to improve the energy efficiency of their vehicles and machines, or to use less fuel.  Mr Haq continued, saying: “This is essential, especially in our time of fuel and climate crisis. “That is exactly where SulNOx can make a big difference, by optimising combustion and increasing fuel efficiencies of diesel, biofuels, HVO and other fuels. “Our simple to use, biodegradable products, enable significant financial savings through reduced fuel consumption with fleets currently saving around 10 percent in fuel and maintenance costs. “The environmental benefits are reflected in a huge percentage of net carbon and emissions reductions.  “Tests have also shown over 50 percent reductions in particulate matter with significant potential to dramatically improve air quality. “With such benefits on offer and with fuel compliance certifications in place, there are no barriers to simultaneously fight back against high fuel costs and help to meet environmental responsibilities.” A number of constriction industries industry bodies recently wrote to Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng asking them to delay the move. This includes the Federation of Master Builders, the National Federation of Builders, Build UK and the Home Builders Federation. They warned that the end to the red diesel rebate could threaten construction projects, force house prices up and “risk the viability of local builders”.