  Former Love Island star Amy Hart has discussed the shocking Instagram comments that left her “wanting to cry” in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The star also opened up about freezing her eggs after appearing on the latest episode of the Boots Taboo Talk podcast to discuss her fertility journey.     Amy, 29, told Express.co.uk how horrified she had been to discover 400 vile comments from trolls on a single Instagram post last month. The star appeared in the House of Commons last year to discuss the subjects of influencer culture and trolling, but it seems online trolls continue to harass her. Speaking about her worst experiences of trolling, she explained: “So my most recent one was on Valentine's Day. “I did an 11-second transition video on Instagram, which was me in my dressing gown, my hair scraped back, and then looking all glammed up.      “So I posted it and went back to check on it half an hour later, thinking maybe I'll reply to some comments,” she continued. “And my boyfriend went: ‘Oh my god - it's got half a million views and 400 comments!’ “I thought, ‘Wow, that’s amazing!’ and he went off to have a shower. “I clicked on the comments to start reading it, and it was just 400 of them saying, ‘She's so ugly’, ‘She's disgusting’, ‘Ugliest Islander ever’.     “I can deal with one or two, but 400 is a lot,” the former Love Islander admitted. Amy is currently loved-up with boyfriend Sam Rason, whom she has described as being “very supportive” during her difficult egg freezing journey. He was also a source of support for Amy this Valentine’s Day, as the star remembered: “We had to go out that night and I sort of went, ‘Well I don’t want to be there, I want to be at home crying.’ “And my boyfriend was like, ‘Ok, I’ve looked at these people’s profiles'.      “‘They’re all either about 14 years old or they’re disgusting.’ “Then he asked me, ‘How do you want me to be when something like this happens?’ And I told him: ‘I don’t know!’ “But yeah, he’s very supportive and stuff like that is hard.” Amy has previously revealed that some of her trolls are schoolboys in their teens, while one was an NHS nurse she found on Facebook.      During the interview, Amy also spoke about her strong desire to become a mum, whilst also grappling with the reality that both her mother and grandmother had experienced early menopause. Self-described as “very independent”, Amy could never be certain that she would find the right person to settle down with before her body clock counted down to zero. With that in mind, the former Islander has since spent over £10,000 to have her eggs frozen so that, if needs be, she has the option to go it alone as a single parent. Amy admitted that, while it was a tough process with lots of ups and downs, she has no regrets and can now feel secure in her future as a parent. Amy discusses her fertility journey and experiences with egg freezing on the brand-new episode of the Boots Taboo Talk podcast.  