A combination of videos and reports on social media suggest that Russia has failed to achieve its initial war aims. Its forces are attempting to capture major Ukrainian cities like Kyiv and Kharkiv and have had some success securing smaller settlements including Berdyansk in the Zaporizhzhya region, according to Interfax. Videos released by the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence (MoD) and other private accounts indicate that some Russian formations had advanced and outpaced their logistics lines. The lack of fuel and possibly ammunition, as well as poor coordination with supporting arms, left some formations open to ambush by Ukrainian forces. Two possible reasons for the lack of Russian progress emerge from this evidence: The first is what is known as a bypass policy: any advancing military will have a bypass policy designed to avoid fighting that might slow an advance whilst focusing on a bigger objective – taking Kyiv for example. The second is that the Russians did not plan for the combined arms operations – the coordination of armour, artillery, air power and electronic warfare in space and time – that are necessary to succeed against a well-prepared opponent. The appearance of logistics convoys and tanks alone indicates that this has happened, but the reasons for it are unclear. The resistance is undoubtedly fierce, and it seems that the Russian intelligence agencies did not properly appreciate the likely response of the Ukrainian populace and armed forces to its advance. The intelligence picture may have informed the rapid advances without coordinated combined arms operations, as well as the logistics needs. Once this meets unexpected fierce resistance, the advance will begin to slow, undoubtedly causing frustration in Kremlin. Ukraine is far from being out of the woods. Ukrainian losses do not seem to have been fully represented in social media reports; It is likely that a pro-Ukrainian attitude has led to the selective posting of Russian, as opposed to Ukrainian losses. The likelihood is that Ukrainian forces have suffered very heavy losses in five days of combat. The question now turns to what Russia will do next to gain operational momentum. A tentative assessment based on the weapons used against Kharkiv suggests that we are about to see a much less careful use of ground and air-based firepower against population centres. The very worst in this conflict is about to come.