After a two-year wait, season six of Outlander has landed on Starz. As well as welcoming back old cast members, several new actors will be gracing this season, one of them being Mark Lewis Jones. Mark belongs to the new Christie family and plays Ardsmuir prisoner and devout Protestant Tom Christie.  Mark is known for his appearances on TV shows such as Gangs of London, Keeping Faith and The Pact. He has more than 40 years of acting experience under his belt. Mark trained at two acting institutions - the Clwyd Youth Theatre as a teenager and then at the Royal Welsh College of Music & Drama. He has worked with the prestigious and globally known Royal Shakespeare Company and performed at Shakespeare's Globe Theatre. Read More: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin's role in Abi's baby plot unveiled?   His first TV series appearance was in The Bill in 1991, where he played a doctor in the episode We Could Be Heroes. Mark is 57 years old and celebrates his birthday on August 31. He was born in 1964 in Rhosllannerchrugog, Wales. Rhosllannerchrugog is a large village and community in Wrexham County Borough and lies within the historic county of Denbighshire.   The actor is married to Welsh fashion entrepreneur Gwenno Penrhyn with the couple reportedly meeting after Gwenno's 40th birthday. They have no children together but Mark has kids from a previous marriage. Initially, he auditioned for a role in Star Wars: The Force Awakens (2015) but was unsuccessful. He was however offered the part of Captain Canady for the sequel, Star Wars: The Last Jedi where he says he played the part with "a posh Welsh accent". Mark appears in episode one of season six, which is titled Echoes. DON’T MISS… Coronation Street horror as Kevin Webster flees with Abi's son in sick revenge twist? [SPOILERS] Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' as she joins with Donnie Wahlberg for new project [LATEST]Law and Order revival dealt huge blow just weeks after season 21 premiere [LATEST]   He tweeted an image from his debut on the show sharing it with his followers. The caption read: "Massive thanks to the wonderful #Outlanderfans for your incredible support and kind comments. "In particular, the way you have welcomed us #Christies. I'm new to this, and it's totally blown me away! ⁦@Outlander_STARZ." Within hours his fan base grew with Carolin76312242, replying to "Welcome! You are doing a good job, as after only the first episode, I already dislike all of the Christies !![Laughing emojis]". @ZinInGroen added: "Tom Christie is such a complex, disturbed, rigid, unlovable & ultimately tragic character. Can't wait to see you bring his arc to life in the course of this season!" Pamela Drysdale chimed in with: "Excellent first episode! Loved seeing you go head to head with #JamieFraser. "I've read the books, so, looking forward to seeing it all play out! #Outlander #OutlanderSeason6 Outlander season 6 premieres on Starz in the USA on March 6 and StarzPlay in the UK.