Noel Gallagher, 54, is currently preparing to return to Glastonbury in June on the Pyramid stage. The former Oasis star has spoken in a new interview about the possibility of World War III and how he would react to war with guns and camouflage equipment. Noel's comments come after Russia's recent invasion of Ukraine, beginning on February 24. The Oasis star spoke on the Matt Morgan podcast, where he shared his thoughts on the recent invasion. He said: "If there was an invasion here you'd have to get involved. "I haven't got any long-range weapons at my disposal but I could probably get a gun. READ MORE: Sheila Ferguson plans to confront Prince Charles over romance issue "I'd get out to Hampshire and I know a few people out there with shotguns and sub-machine guns." He continued: "I would get out to Hampshire, I would access to the roof and before that I would order a load of telescopic stuff from Amazon, camouflage gear, a flask, some warm weather long johns and sit on the roof and listen to the radio and shoot anything that f*****g moved. "My roof is a bit higgledy-piggledy. It's not like a helipad and my house is on a hill so I can see for f*****g miles." He then discussed a police officer he knew who worked in the armed unit and could supply him with guns. Noel, however, said he is "hopeful" that things will not escalate further because an outbreak of World War III would mean destruction on both sides. He also hoped that war would happen after Glastonbury so there could be a bit of normality. He continued: "We've just had COVID restrictions thrown out of the door and now, 'Oh, there's going to be a war is there? Nice one. F*****g hell'. "Can we not have six months? Can we not have the summer off … Can we not have Glastonbury first and then go to war? DON'T MISS... Jamie Redknapp shares son's first meeting with football legend [INSTAGRAM] Keith Richards still 'recovering' after Charlie Watts death [COMMENT] James Martin hits back at claims of ‘backstabbers’ amid celeb chefs [INSIGHT] "The fact that both sides have access to all the nuclear weapons then there isn't going to be war because nobody is that f*****g stupid because everybody will get annihilated. "People have been saying for years that Putin is dangerous." Noel served as the songwriter, lead guitarist, and co-lead vocalist of the rock band Oasis. Oasis had various line-up changes, though Noel and his brother Liam Gallagher were staple members. Noel is widely considered one of the most influential songwriters in the history of British rock music. In August 2009, following an altercation with his brother, Noel announced his departure from the band. Speaking at the time, Noel said: "It's with some sadness and great relief to tell you that I quit Oasis tonight. "People will write and say what they like, but I simply could not go on working with Liam a day longer." Shortly after, Noel went on to form Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds, with whom he has released three studio albums.