The leading British oncologist, who treated patients of cancer caused by the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, not only warned the GB News presenter of the suffering which could occur again, but also stressed his concern for current cancer patients.  Footage has been released of child cancer patients being treated in basements in Kyiv after being too unwell to flee the besieged city. The Professor took to Twitter to express his concern: “Treating cancer in children is difficult, even in the best of times. Oncologists and their support staff don’t stand a chance in Ukraine right now. “Pictures of children attempting treatment in Kyiv basements – I doubt the Russian media publishes that.” Alongside the questionable treatment in basements, child cancer treatment centres are at severe risk of running out of medicine.   On BBC Breakfast Professor Sikora said: “If this goes on for two or three weeks, children will die that could have been saved.” The shelling of Europe’s largest nuclear site by the Russian military sparked global concern and reminders of the devastation of disasters such as Chernobyl and Fukushima. Russia shelled the powerplant in the early hours of Friday morning which damaged a walkway between two of the six reactors and caused a fire at a building used for training. The reactors are protected by a thick concrete shell, but concerns arose surrounding the vulnerable spent fuel rods that could be hit or the power and cooling systems which could trigger a meltdown. READ MORE:30 Putin helicopters blown to smithereens  Professor Sikora stated on GB News that “the children that we treated in 1991 that was five years after the Chernobyl disaster in 1986, that was an accident that wasn’t deliberate.” He added: “This is deliberate and that’s the crime here. We’ve got to stop this.” On Twitter the Professor stated: “Russian shelling of a nuclear power plant proves just how insane this is. “I treated the ‘Chernobyl’ children at Hammersmith when that disaster had caused horrific types of cancer to develop in children. Very, very difficult time. “No other words for all of this – pure insanity.” Reports have emerged about the staff at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in Ukraine being given orders by Russian commanders and unable to leave their post since the takeover on Friday morning. DON'T MISS:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update (REACTION)EU pulls plug on Putin and vows to cut ALL 'Russian gas and oil' (INSIGHT)When to cut grass after winter: Exact date you should start mowing (REVEAL)  Concerns have been raised by many experts, including the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), that with the staff under considerable stress and fatigue, mistakes could be made. Director of the international atomic agency Raphael Grossi stressed the urgency of holding talks: “I said it today we should not be losing time. “Almost every day there is a new episode. The episode last Friday on the power plant was extreme, perhaps, but there are also other episodes which indicate that we need to have an agreed clear framework of what is supposed to be done.” Nuclear non-proliferation expert Gaukhar Mukhatzhanova discussed the motives of Russia’s advances on Ukraine’s four nuclear plants. She stated: “Another aspect, however, is that nuclear power plants are critical infrastructure objects. “They have implications for electricity supply for the country - 50 percent of electricity in Ukraine is generated by nuclear power, so of course it becomes strategically important to occupy these objects.” UN nuclear overseers plan to set up a three-way meeting with Ukraine aimed at ensuring the safety of its power plants. Russia has agreed to the talks in principle, but not to the suggested location at Chernobyl. 