Dr Michael Mosley is the creator of The Fast 800, a diet plan that helps individuals rapidly lose weight through a combination of a healthy diet, intermittent fasting, and time-restricted eating. He often shares his wisdom with others, including how to reduce – or get rid of – “stubborn” belly fat. Belly fat affects everyone, even the slimmest of people, according to Dr Mosley. To lose it, “you need to eat smart, fast smart, and train smart”, the nutrition expert stressed. He continued: “To lose belly fat, you have to understand belly fat. And to understand belly fat, you need to understand the basics of how insulin works. “Your body makes insulin after a meal in order to keep blood sugar stable. On your cell walls, insulin opens up glucose ports to allow sugar through – for burning in muscle, and for storage in fat. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps “In your fat, insulin also curbs the release of fatty acids – a source of energy – into your system. “All well and good – as long as your insulin is working. However, as we age, cell-wall insulin receptors become less sensitive. “As a result, even after a meal, our blood is replete with glucose and fatty acids. This is a toxic brew, driving an array of bad outcomes, including rapidly-expanding belly fat.” Dr Mosley recommended “a three-pronged attack on belly fat” to “lose it fast”. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] He explained: “To make a serious impact on your belly fat, cutting out sugar-spikes is key. “A surprising number of ‘diet’ snacks and drinks are high in sugar, and are marketed as diet foods because they happen to be low in fat. “This is supported by numerous studies. When people cut carbs, their appetite goes down and they lose weight. “So, limit your intake of any food or drink containing more than five percent sugar to no more than twice a week. This includes sweet fruits like mango and pineapple, and sugary smoothies and juices. “Likewise, replace processed carbs like white bread, chips and pasta with slow-release energy sources, such as brown rice or quinoa. “Two things will surprise you: the amount of sugar you were consuming unawares, and the speed at which your belly fat will begin to tame itself.” Another tip Dr Mosley offered was to try out intermittent fasting. He said: “The idea that fasting ‘slows your metabolism’ is a myth. Under conditions of marked energy deficit – 800 calories per day or less – not only do you simply lose weight by eating fewer calories, but your body responds to the stress of fasting by enhancing hormone function to facilitate weight loss and burn fat for energy. “Short-term fasting can lead to several changes in the body that make fat burning easier. “This includes reduced insulin, increased growth hormone, enhanced epinephrine signalling and a small boost in metabolism." Lastly, Dr Mosley advised doing exercise, saying: “Exercise is key for various reasons. It is amongst the best things you can do for a long and healthy life. “While exercise alone will not help you lose the stubborn fat from round your middle, it can be crucial for helping reduce the risk of re-gaining fats, as well as lowering blood sugar levels and improving insulin sensitivity. “How best to achieve this though? Research has shown the extraordinary impact that ultra-short bursts of HIIT (High Intensity Interval Training) can have. All in just a few minutes.” Dr Mosley concluded: “So, conventional diet and training regimes don’t help you to lose belly fat. “And let’s face it: surrounded by junk food, dosed with snacks and working in sedentary jobs, we live in an environment that piles it on. “And yet more and more people are discovering that with the right lifestyle changes, they can burn it off. And most amazing? It’s not as hard as you think.”