Ally McCoist has hailed the impact non-league football can have on local communities after spending Friday at Altrincham Football Club playing walking football, attending a fitness event, and packing donations for Ukrainian refugees. The former Rangers striker is the ambassador for the National Lottery Football Weekends, which saw £12.5million granted to non-league clubs during the COVID-19 pandemic.   Clubs have spent some of that fund on remaining financially viable but have also put a portion into their local communities. Ahead of the first National Lottery-funded football weekend, in which 100,000 tickets are up for grabs, McCoist says the fund has kept clubs alive and now their communities are thriving. “It’s been magic. It’s been brilliant, I was at AFC Fylde a couple of weeks ago. It’s been remarkable to see – the national lottery funding was £12.5m during the Covid period. I’m just seeing how these clubs are using it and the benefit these clubs have had with it,” McCoist told Express Sport. “Without that funding – of course, we lost a lot of clubs – but without the funding, we would have lost a lot more. I was at AFC Fylde two weeks ago, now I’ve been to Altrincham. “In the space of about two hours I was playing walking football, I was at a fitness class for senior citizens, I was in the park playing football with a class of disabled kids from one of the local primary schools. There was one of the goalkeepers, AJ, taking a course on diversity. “The importance of the clubs to their communities… the football, I wouldn’t say it’s secondary, but it’s almost not as important as the value the football club has to the people within the community. It means so much to them.   JUST IN: Kalvin Phillips urged to snub Man Utd with Villa ‘readying £60m offer' “I was talking to a guy playing the walking football, he’s a volunteer here, he’ll be here at quarter to one on Saturday to work the turnstile. He’s on the turnstile until 20 minutes after kick-off and he does it for his love of the football club and the community. It’s brilliant, an absolute breath of fresh air. “Saturday is a big day, it’s the first national lottery funded football weekend. There are over 100,000 free tickets and it’s on a buy one get one free basis. It’s an opportunity for mums and dads to bring their kids. It’s a great opportunity.” Some non-league clubs have seen record crowds since fans returned to stadiums following restrictions imposed due to the virus. McCoist points out the resurgence in lower league football, adding: “I think there’s been a resurgence in it, which is a great thing. I don’t know if it was a level of complacency or whether we took it for granted… it might be one of those things where we don’t fully appreciate it until it’s too late or not there. “Nobody loves a Liverpool v Man City or a Chelsea v Real Madrid more than me, I love it as much as the next guy or girl, but there is something fresh and there is something real about community football and lower league football that I think we all secretly love. I’m certainly part of that gang.” McCoist spent part of his morning packing donations made to Ukrainian refugees. The items were being shipped to Poland, where Ukrainian citizens have fled from Vladimir Putin’s aggression.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool's Salah fears grow, Barca make plans after star 'sent signs'West Ham boss Moyes opens up on Sir Alex pressure at Man UtdMan Utd managerial hunt could take new twist as Mancini option arises McCoist feels the Russian invasion of Ukraine has put football into perspective: “Well I think we’re all aware of what’s going on in the world and the world of football is a very, very small part of it. For a Saturday at 3:00, it becomes themost important things in peoples’ lives – myself included. “But we can take a step back and take a look at the realisation of it, it’s a very, very small thing. I was working with two ex-servicemen who were packing donations into a van which was making its way to Poland. “That’s just the community of Altrincham getting together, providing sleeping bags, food, nappies, you name it. It’s on its way to the port and going to Poland. It will make its way very, very soon to the people who are in real need of it.”   Scotland will face Ukraine in a World Cup play-off semi-final when it is deemed appropriate for the Eastern European nation to do so, with a clash against Wales waiting for the winner. The victor of that two-legged tie will go to Qatar in November.   But even if Scotland do not qualify for a first World Cup since 1998, McCoist has revealed he will be providing his much-loved co-commentary. He describes himself as the ‘luckiest man alive’. McCoist added: “I sure am [commentating at the World Cup]. I’m looking forward to it already. I just hope I get the opportunity to co-commentate on Scotland! I'm off to Qatar. I can’t wait. “A major tournament, it’s brilliant, I’m the luckiest man alive. I’m sitting there watching the best footballers and the best football, so I’m really looking forward to it and I’ve got everything crossed that Scotland are there too.” The National Lottery Football Weekends campaign will make over 100,000 tickets available on a ‘Buy One Get One Free’ basis for National Lottery players for selected matches as a ‘thank you’ for over £12.5million of funding they helped provide to community football clubs during the Covid pandemic. To find out more visit www.thenationallotteryfootballweekends.co.uk   