Ex-Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has issued an apology to Arsenal fans after accusing the club of over-the-top celebrations at Villa Park on Saturday. Arsenal players and fans were jubilant at full-time after beating Villa 1-0 to move closer to a top-four Premier League finish. Bukayo Saka's first-half strike was enough to secure a sixth win in seven games and a huge three points in the Gunners' bid to return to Champions League football next season. But on Sunday, Agbonlahor accused them of 'overdoing' their celebrations at full-time because his former side is one they 'should be beating'. He told talkSPORT: "The way they celebrated at the end of the game was like they'd won the Champions League, not qualified for it. I know it was a great result, but the scenes, the players, and we were right behind the fans, it was like they'd won the league, not beaten Aston Villa, a team they should be beating. I think they did overdo the celebrations." JUST IN: Man Utd red-faced at L'Equipe's list of Premier League mega earners However, on Monday, Woods hit back on talkSPORT Breakfast, playing footage of Agbonlahor praising Villa manager Steven Gerrard for celebrating his first win at the club 'like a cup final'. She added: "Don't listen to me, listen to your own argument. Well done, Gabby for undoing your own argument before you'd even made it!" A day later, Agbonlahor conceded defeat by heaping praise on Woods' presenting ability and admitted he was 'bitter' after Villa's defeat. The 35-year-old also apologised to the Arsenal fans that he aggravated with his comments and tipped Mikel Arteta's men to win the top-four race. READ MORE: Barcelona boss Xavi 'green lights' move for Leeds star Raphinha "Yes, I've seen Laura's comments – and she's spot on," Agbonlahor said on Tuesday. "Laura puts me in my place a lot, and this is why she's getting awards – because she's a top presenter. I was very bitter after the game. Where I was watching the game from the BT Sport studio, I could see the Arsenal fans all game. "And seeing them celebrating after the game, I think it was a bit of jealousy. So I take that comment back and I apologise to Arsenal fans. Their celebrations were fine and I'm sure they will get that top-four position. But Jamie O'Hara, pipe down!" Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.