Charities have issued a ‘red alert’ warning as more people are turning to them for help than ever before. The number of people coming to them because they are struggling to make ends meet amid the cost of living crisis has more than doubled in recent months. As the cost of living crisis continues to bite, the impending energy price cap rise in April is worrying charity workers who speak to people struggling every day. In a few weeks time, Ofgem will increase the energy price cap by 54 percent from £1,277 to £1,971. However, in reality, many Britons will be paying much more than this. Millions of people on fixed-rate tariffs will end up paying more than £4,000 a year just on their energy bill. READ MORE: TV licence discounts explained: Four ways you could save money Citizens Advice has issued a 'red alert' after finding that more people have been coming to them for one-to-one support than at any other point during the pandemic. In January, more than 270,000 people came to them for help, many citing soaring energy bills as the main reason they were worried. Age UK has also said it is deeply concerned about how the crisis is impacting pensioners. Its data shows that three-quarters of people who have reached state pension age are worried about the rising cost of living and soaring energy bills. DON'T MISS:Motorists hit as new cars cost £5,000 more and petrol prices riseMartin Lewis shares the ‘top’ easy access savings accountCouple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt   Millions of Britons have been receiving letters from their energy suppliers with details of the new gas and electricity prices coming into effect at the beginning of April. Although it’s not possible to negotiate the price charged by someone’s energy provider, there are some other things people can do to ensure they are paying as little as possible. Financial journalist Martin Lewis recently informed his Twitter followers that Eon & Eon Next Direct Debit customers might be able to pay less. Mr Lewis said: “Log in today and see if you're offered Next online V11 one year fix.” He added: “It should be same rate as the April price cap (ie 54 percent ish more than now - check). “If so, as cap likely to rise another 24 plus percent in Oct it's a corker.” Around 3.8 million people in the UK are with Eon and should be able to save with this deal. For people who aren’t with Eon there are some other ways everyone can save money on their energy bills. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 10 ways to save money on your energy bill: 