Key medicines, wound packs, and intensive care equipment, have been donated by NHS England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland as part of the humanitarian response. The latest shipment left in flight on Friday morning with thousands of doses of medicines, including pain relief. Health Secretary Sajid Javid: “We’re leading the humanitarian effort to support Ukraine by providing targeted medical support to those in need. In less than three weeks the UK has donated more than two million medical items. “Tens of thousands of sick or injured Ukrainians have now received treatment thanks to the donations made by NHS England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. “The UK will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of Ukraine in the face of Russia’s appalling invasion.” Items have been flown to the region on 10 flights over the past three weeks, leaving from Stanstead and Heathrow Airports and RAF Brize Norton. The latest flight left from London Heathrow yesterday morning carrying thousands of doses of medicine, including painkillers, with another flight – the 11th so far – expected next week. It comes in the wake of an urgent request from Ukraine. A refrigerated truck left for the region last night carrying insulin injections and drugs critical for surgery which will save tens of thousands of Ukrainian lives. There have been a variety of items sent to Ukraine, including 3,000 adult resuscitators, around 160,000 wound care packs, along with more than 300,000 sterile needles and more than 32,000 packs of bandages. A total of 1,600 pieces of equipment for ventilators, more than 54,000 cannulas, 100,000 packs of medicines - around 800,000 doses - including antibiotics and painkillers, 72,000 packs of gloves and 28,000 FFP3 masks. Foreign Secretary, Liz Truss, said: “The UK is providing £220 million in life-saving humanitarian aid to Ukraine. In addition to medical supplies we are providing shelter and hygiene kits. The UK is also donating over 500 mobile generators to provide vital energy to Ukrainian hospitals and shelters. “Our humanitarian advisors have been deployed to neighbouring countries to assess needs on the ground and we are supporting those affected by the deteriorating situation in Ukraine.” The government announced that Ukrainians fleeing their home country will be guaranteed free access to NHS healthcare, including hospital services, GP and nurse consultations, urgent care centres and injury units. Since Monday, people in Britain have been able to register their interest to sponsor a named Ukrainian under the Homes for Ukraine scheme, with more than 150,000 people registering.