The Chancellor conceded this afternoon that energy prices were likely to go up significantly in the coming months, with the price cap expected to rise in the autumn. Energy bills are already set to surge later this week then the price cap rises by 54 percent from April 1. It means average bills will increase from £1,277 per year to £1,971 per year. But costs are set to skyrocket again in October, with warnings annual energy costs could peak at as much as £3,000. Conservative and opposition MPs had been pushing for the Chancellor to announce extra measures to help families cover the costs when he delivered his Spring Statement last week. He angered colleagues after failing to intervene, saying he "can't solve every problem". READ MORE: Rishi Sunak in shock poll plunge as backlash dashes leadership hopes  After suffering severe backlash for his mini-budget, he today hinted he would take action to provide additional help. "We will continue to monitor the situation, and as we know, more, are prepared to act if necessary," Mr Sunak told the Treasury select committee. The Richmond MP said exactly how he would help those struggling with higher costs would depend on how much bills rose. The end of the Covid pandemic and the outbreak of war in Ukraine has led to an increase in the cost of wholesale energy, pushing up household bills. At the same time, inflation has hit a 40 year high, and economists are warning living standards are at their lowest since the 1950s. Mr Sunak took action last month to try and ease the burden of energy bills. DON'T MISS:Boris plan for cheaper energy bills blocked by Sunak, allies say [INSIGHT]Pension savers at risk of 55% tax charge [WARNING]Pensioners ‘in limbo’ after Sunak stays ‘quiet’ on state pension [UPDATE]  In April the vast majority of households will be given a £150 council tax rebate. From October households will also be able to apply for a further £200 discount on bills which will then be paid back in £40 instalments over the next five years. "What I've chosen to do is eliminate on average a third of the impact on living standards from forces that are clearly outside of my control, global in nature," Mr Sunak said today. "We've come up with a package that is progressive in the way it has been designed."  Urging patience he promised to reassess the situation later in the year and consider what extra help was necessary. He said: "Clearly it is very difficult to sit here today and speculate what happens to energy prices and therefore the biggest impact on living standards in the autumn. "Let's wait until we get there and then can decide on the most appropriate course of action. "But I don't think anyone knows what that appropriate course of action ought to be." 