Alan Carr appeared as a guest on Monday’s episode of The One Show. He unexpectedly revealed details of his split from Paul Drayton. The comedian appeared on the BBC show to promote his new tour, but shocked co-hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas with comments about his marital status. When asked about his role as judge on RuPauls’ Drag Race UK, Alan spoke about how production on the hit show had paused in early 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic. The former Chatty Man host also shared: “What’s happened is… My marriage has broken down.” He added: ”I’m going through a divorce at the minute.” READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update Alex offered her sympathy and Alan said: “No, it’s alright.” He made light of an emotional situation by quipping: “Thanks for the flowers,” before looking directly into the camera and exclaiming: “Nothing! Nothing!” The crew could be heard laughing too. Alex looked sheepish as it was clear she hadn’t sent any flowers, however they all laughed about it. The 45-year-old had said earlier in the show: “I just say it like it is,” when speaking about his role on the Interior Design Masters show. He also said his comedy show, which he wrote before lockdown, is more “raw” and “personal” as a result of the split. Alan Carr and Paul Drayton had been together for 13 years, including three years of marriage. Their wedding took place in LA in 2018, with Adele officiating the ceremony. DON'T MISS: Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen [OPINION]Kirstie Allsopp told to 'shut the f*** up' by critic [LATEST]BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [UPDATE] At the time, a spokesperson for Alan said: “Alan Carr married his long-term partner Paul Drayton at a small private ceremony in LA last week. “The couple are currently on honeymoon in Mexico and are planning a big celebration with all their family and friends back in the UK later this summer. “They are both extremely happy.” The decision to separate was reportedly made “jointly and amicably”. In January, a spokesperson for Alan Carr told PA: “After 13 years as a couple and three years of marriage, Alan Carr and Paul Drayton would like to announce they are separating. “They have jointly and amicably made the difficult decision to divorce and go their separate ways. “We request that their privacy is respected at this sensitive time.”