Lewis Hamilton has posted an emotional message to his fans on Instagram in which he has lifted the lid on his recent mental state. The Mercedes star has got off to a difficult start to the F1 season, and finished in a disappointing 10th position in the Saudi Arabian GP on Sunday. Hamilton has never been afraid to discuss mental health issues, and has spoken in the past about battling with his demons. Taking to social media on Thursday morning, the Brit addressed it again in a heartfelt message. "It's been such a tough year already with everything that is happening around us," Hamilton wrote. "Hard some days to stay positive. I have struggled mentally and emotionally for a long time, to keep going is a constant effort but we have to keep fighting, we have so much to do and to achieve. "I'm writing to let you know it's ok to feel the way you do, just know that you are not alone and we are going to get through this! A friend reminded me today, you are so powerful and you can do anything you put your mind to. We can do anything we put our mind to. Let's remember to live in gratitude for another day to rise. Sending you love and light.  Hamilton sent a similar message in the summer last year, posting: “If there’s anybody out there struggling right now, I just want you to know you are not alone. I am too having a hard time but I know we are going to get through this. “You have so much potential in you that you may not even be aware of. You have so much to give to the world. You are special and unique, there is nobody like you, no matter what anybody says.” “Be bold, be strong, be you, you are beautiful in every way, let’s be great together. Hope our paths cross someday, in this life or the next. I’m sending you love and light and positivity for your weekend.” Hamilton will next be back out on the track at the Australian GP, which takes place in Melbourne on the weekend of April 8. Mercedes have plenty of work to do, with both Hamilton and his new teammate George Russell struggling to deal with the changes made to their car. Ferrari and Red Bull have set the pace early on, and Hamilton and co will be desperately hoping to change that in the near future.