Eugenie joined her cousin Harry at the Super Bowl in Los Angeles last month — the first time any member of the Royal Family has visited the Duke of Sussex in his new home country. After the sporting event, the pair were spotted with their spouses, Meghan Markle and Jack Brooksbank, enjoying an evening out. As the youngest children in their respective families, Eugenie and Harry have always had a close bond. Now, a royal expert has claimed that Eugenie may have been seeking “comfort” from her cousin. Speaking during Channel 5’s recent documentary, 'Harry & Meghan Vs The Monarchy’, Ingrid Seward, a veteran royal expert, claimed that Eugenie took “comfort” from Harry in light of the recent events that have surrounded her father, Prince Andrew. He has recently settled a case brought against him by Virginia Roberts Giuffre, in which she accused the royal of sexually assaulting her on three separate occasions when she was 17 — allegations which he vehemently denies. Ms Seward said: “Eugenie, I think, was getting a little comfort from Harry because it was right at the height of the problems that her father was having against Virginia Giuffre.” JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: 'Disturbing' Meghan Markle fumes at 'absurd' lawsuit from half-sister She went on to suggest that Eugenie visited Harry in need of support. She said: “ I think Eugenie was very upset and Harry was a good friend.” Ms Seward continued: “I think the feeling was that it was causing a lot of damage to the rather bruised image of the monarchy. “And in the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year, this could not be allowed to carry on because every day there was a drip, drip, drip of gossip and information, and it was really occupying much more attention than it should have done.” Russel Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, has since claimed that Eugenie could offer Andrew a route back into public life. Speaking last month on an episode of Pod Save The Queen, he claimed Andrew’s “only way back” may be through Eugenie's charity, the Anti-Slavery Collective. Despite this, Andrew has remained out of the limelight since the settlement and his future as a working royal remains unclear. Eugenie is also believed to be Harry and Meghan’s way back into the royal fold. She visited the pair despite reports of an ongoing rift between them and the monarchy. They are thought to have a tense relationship with some senior members of the Firm since stepping back from royal duties and moving to Los Angeles in 2020. DON’T MISS'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan reiterates Meghan Markle rant a year to the day [LATEST]Prince Harry warned over Platinum Jubilee celebration decision with Queen: ‘May regret it’ [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] Eugenie is seen as one of Harry’s closest allies in the Royal Family. Eugenie and Jack now reside at the Sussexes' former Windsor home, Frogmore Cottage, with their son August. Harry is understood to have stayed with them during his two UK visits since he and Meghan left the Firm. Royal author Phil Dampier told the Daily Telegraph: "They’ve [Harry and Eugenie] always got on very well and been very close. “If there is going to be an emissary, or an intermediary, between Harry and the Royal Family back home, she could well fit the bill. “I’m sure when they met in LA, they would have talked about the situation – and I’m sure she’ll be trying to smooth things over. "She could be one of the ways whereby tentative steps could be taken to try and heal the rift." The Queen's upcoming Platinum Jubilee celebrations have placed royal tensions back into focus, with uncertainty over whether Harry and Meghan will return to commemorate Her Majesty’s milestone. Earlier this year, it emerged that Harry had filed a claim for a judicial review over a Home Office decision that has prevented him from personally paying for Metropolitan Police protection. The Duke is said to want to return to the UK with his wife and children, but does not “feel safe” to do so without police protection.