Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta must give William Saliba a guarantee of game time next season or risk the defender asking for an exit, according to Emmanuel Petit. Saliba is set to return to Arsenal this summer following a third loan spell away from the club. The defender is yet to make a single appearance for the Gunners since his £27million arrival in 2019. Saliba's contract at the Emirates expires in the summer of 2024 and his future is not certain. He has confirmed talks will be held with Arsenal at the end of the season. Arteta has found a successful centre-back partnership in Ben White and Gabriel. But Petit believes Saliba will be asking for assurances over playing time after earning his first call-up to the senior France squad this week. Petit told The Arsenal Way: "Does he have the guarantee that if he comes back to Arsenal he will play every single game? READ MORE: Chelsea receive huge boost as ticket sales for Real Madrid and Crystal Palace approved  "I'm not sure about that. He's in the first XI at Marseille, he's playing every single game. "If you ask him to come back to Arsenal then he'll need guarantees: 'After what I did for Marseille, now I'm in the national team because of my displays with Marseille every single weekend so when you ask me to come back, okay, I need guarantees, I must play, I need to keep on improving myself, I need to go step by step'." Petit says it will not be enough for Arteta to just say to Saliba he wants him back as part of his squad. He added: "If you tell him I want you to come back because of what you've done for Marseille, this is not enough for me. DON'T MISSNeville goes against Man Utd fans as he urges Glazers not to appoint Ten Hag [SOCIAL]Cristiano Ronaldo’s strong message as Man Utd lean towards Erik ten Hag appointment [GOSSIP]Chelsea fans tear into Harry Maguire as England training pictures emerge [SOCIAL]  "If I am Saliba, this is not enough for me because this is my career as well. 'I'm very happy to be an Arsenal player but I want you to show me confidence, and on top of it more importantly I want you to play me, I don't want to be on the bench'. "White and Gabriel are very good together. If I am Saliba I am asking so many questions." Speaking to French media this week, Saliba did not rule out staying at Marseille beyond this season. He told RMC Sport: “I’ve never hidden the fact that I feel good here.  "I don’t know what my future holds, there’s still two months to go. The most important thing is to qualify for the Champions League and go as far as possible in the Conference League. “I think discussions will take place afterwards, at the end of May to early June, between Arsenal and Marseille – we’ll decide at that point. But staying on here would definitely not be a bad idea, on the contrary, I know the city, my teammates, my manager. But it doesn’t depend on me.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here