Linda (played by Kellie Bright) will return to the Square to pay her respects to her former sister-in-law, Tina (Luisa Bradshaw-White), official EastEnders spoilers confirm. Although Linda and Mick (Danny Dyer) are no longer together, she will receive some news she isn't prepared for - he and Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) are an item. However, Linda recognises Janine as the stranger who convinced her to break up with Mick and urged her to have a drink while she was trying to stay sober. Will anybody believe Linda if she tries to convince them of Janine's manipulation? In upcoming episodes on the BBC soap, the Walford residents prepare to bid farewell to Tina. A solemn atmosphere hangs over Albert Square while the Carters make preparations for the funeral. At The Vic, Mick is stunned when his estranged ex-wife Linda turns up. The pair quickly begin to bicker about everything and things get worse for Linda when Nancy Carter (Maddy Hill) gives her the cold shoulder. At the crematorium, a tearful Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) shares a touching eulogy, but Linda is distracted by Janine’s presence. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith She recognises her as the person who told her to divorce Mick and becomes immediately suspicious. Alone and feeling emotional and angry Linda begins to drink, and she drunkenly causes a scene at the crematorium, raging at the Carters about Janine. A furious Shirley tells Linda she isn't welcome at the wake. At the pub, Shirley gives Janine her respect for supporting Mick but warns her not to cross a line. Meanwhile, Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean) spots a very drunk Linda storming over to The Vic but manages to stop her. She invites her friend back to her house for a chat, where she explains Linda needs a game plan to fight Janine. However, before she has a chance to finish what she's saying, Linda rushes to The Vic and confronts Janine for telling her to divorce Mick. Later, Mick thanks Janine for all her support and the pair kiss, but Mick stops and decides they need to do things properly. DON'T MISS... The Chase fans criticise 'disappointed' player's 'difficult' questions [REACTION]EastEnders theory: Double exit as Kat and Tommy Moon leave Walford? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders boss talks leaving out Mosley details from series [LATEST] He explains his plans to finalise the divorce with Linda so they can officially be a couple. Outside, Mick informs Janine it’s definitely over with him and Linda and he kisses her in public for all to see, including Sharon. Shirley later becomes scared when she believes there are intruders in The Vic, but discovers it’s just Mick and Janine who have been up talking all night long. Nancy and Shirley share their disapproval over the relationship, but Mick makes it clear he doesn’t care what they think of Janine. Mick later suggests to Janine they go away for a few days together and Janine convinces him to break the news to Linda that they’re an item. Mick plucks up the courage to tell Linda but how will she react? After these events, will Linda team up with Sharon to try to get revenge on Janine? If nobody believes Linda's claims that Janine meddled in the relationship to end the marriage, she will probably want to get back at the scheming Janine. Long-term residents know Janine can't be trusted, but Mick doesn't know her very well, unlike Sharon. Knowing Janine probably has a plan in mind, Sharon might convince Linda to sit back and wait for the right time to interfere. Perhaps the two will give Janine a taste of her own medicine by manipulating Janine's vulnerable side like she did with Linda. Knowing Janine is fighting for custody of her daughter, Scarlett Butcher (Tabitha Byron), Sharon and Linda might to paint her in a bad light the next time a social worker visits. Perhaps they will ensure she is somehow drunk or slips up in some way so she is denied custody of her daughter. EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One.