They warn animals can “spring out of nowhere” which could be a “road safety concern”. Wildlife such as badgers could see drivers make “sudden evasive manoeuvres” which could lead to crashes. Jack Cousens, AA spokesperson said: “We support the need for more road signs to warn drivers that wildlife might be on the roads in certain areas. “Other than the distress that comes with hitting and usually killing such a beautiful and iconic symbol of British wildlife, there are road safety concerns with drivers making sudden evasive manoeuvres and the collision damage to vehicles. “Wildlife road signs are placed where there is clear evidence of a road danger. “They should trigger driver awareness where there is a particular risk of collision. READ MORE: Drivers baffled as road signs show two different speed limits “Animals have a habit of springing out of nowhere, and drivers need to give themselves plenty of time to react safely. “Warning signs will definitely help.” Badger Trust, with support from the AA, has written to the Department for Transport on the issue. DON'T MISSTourist gets £60 fine for using bus lane despite lack of signs [PICS]New electronic road signs costing £55,000 have been installed in Derby [INSIGHT]Up to 5,000 new road signs to be installed within weeks [ANALYSIS] Their note will also urge the DfT to allow more signs in places that have high wildlife casualties. The Badger Trust warns badgers are one of the most killed creatures on Britain's roads. Peter Hambly, Executive Director of Badger Trust said this was down to their instinctive nature to follow the same travel path, even after a road has been built. He said: “Badgers are following paths they have followed for hundreds of years. “Roads built across these ancient paths lead to so many tragic accidents. “Having more warning signs to alert drivers to slow down for Great British wildlife would help reduce accidents and the especially high death toll of badgers on the roads. “Up to 50,000 badgers are killed each year and many more cubs are affected when they are orphaned as a result. “We need to make the roads safer for everyone.”