Carlos Santana was taken to hospital by his wife after he noticed an issue in his chest. After the trip, it was announced by Santana’s agent at Universal Tone Management that he had “an unscheduled heart procedure.” The agent didn’t specify anything else about the procedure. After the ordeal, two shows scheduled for December at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas were cancelled. “I’m going to be taking time off for a little bit to make sure that I replenish and rest,” Santana announced. “There’s been rumours flying around here and there about this and that. So, I’m here to just crystallise and make it clear.  “I had an incident where I asked my wife Cindy to take me to the hospital ’cause I had this thing happening in my chest.” There are several different surgeries that Santana may have had in response to the pain he was having–but he didn’t specify which one. In some cases, doctors might recommend surgery to lower the risk of sudden, severe heart problems in the future. Heart surgery often involves restoring blood supply by opening up blocked arteries, repairing damaged heart valves and sorting out an irregular heartbeat by inserting a pacemaker device.  These surgeries might also be done as an emergency in response to a heart attack. If you have issues with your chest, such as pain that feels like it’s moving from your chest to your arms, back, jaw, neck, or stomach, this can be a symptom that you’re having a heart attack. The other symptoms of a heart attack include: An official statement by the president of Universal Tone Management Michael Vironis about Santana’s condition stated: “Carlos is doing fantastic and is anxious to be back on stage soon.  “He profoundly regrets that this ‘speed bump’ necessitated the cancellation of his upcoming performances.” Luckily, everything went to plan and Santana got back up on his feet and performed at the House of Blues in Las Vegas last month. Santana first got into music aged five when he started playing the violin in Mexico where he was born. By eight years old, he switched to the guitar–the instrument he would learn to master over the years.  Santana became famous in 1969 after a groundbreaking performance at the American Woodstock festival by his band Santana Blues Band. His style is inspired by a mix of Jazz, rock, blues, and other genres. The star has sold more than 100 million records all over the world and reached a similar number of his fans during his live concerts around the world. In 2013, he was made an honoree of the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts whose other honours include Ray Charles and Frank Sinatra. 