Celebrated royal chef Richard Corrigan has cooked for the Queen as well as other members of the Royal Family, many of which have enjoyed his food free of charge. However, the owner of Mayfair Restaurants Bentley’s and Corrigan’s doesn't appear keen on the idea of slaving away over a hot stove for Meghan. He told Richard Eden, Daily Mail's Diary Editor, that while some royals have enjoyed his food for free, some will have to pay. In an article, Mr Eden said: “Celebrated chef Richard Corrigan has prepared food for the Royal Family, but does not appear keen to toil over a hot stove for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. “Asked if he’d cook for Meghan, the owner of Mayfair restaurants Bentley’s and Corrigan’s tells me: ‘I cooked for the Queen free of charge, of course. And I’ll cook for anyone, but let me just say, some people will have to pay. “I’d let her in the restaurant, for sure, but the Queen had the red carpet rolled out. Would Meghan? I don’t think so.” Now it is being reported that the acclaimed chef, who also previously acted as a guest cook on the South West round of the Great British Menu, has come under fire for his remarks from Meghan and Harry fans. Mr Eden tweeted that the celebrated restaurateur had dealt with “a weekend of online abuse and accusations of racism”. He added this was “for daring to say he wouldn't want to cook for the Duchess of Sussex free of charge”. He added: “What is wrong with #PrinceHarry and #Meghan's fans? #royal” READ MORE: Royals among retro baby names making a comeback In response, users rushed to Mr Corrigan’s defence, and showed their support for the chef’s comments. One called Les wrote: “Well said Richard Corrigan! I’m sure that, if any real members of the Royal Family booked into your restaurant for a meal, they would expect to pay their bill at the end.” Another added: “He was asked a question, and he answered honestly. What’s the big deal?” A third said: “Leave Richard Corrigan alone. He’s worked hard to get where he is”, before adding “My support goes to Richard”. A fourth chimed in to say: “Why wouldn’t he expect payment. Cooking is his living”. While one more wrote: “Perfectly reasonable comment from the very talented Mr Corrigan.” DON'T MISS Princess Alexandra of Kent stuns in blue for Commonwealth Day [PICTURES] Prince Charles gets taste of being King on Commonwealth Day [REPORT] Queen issues touching Commonwealth statement [INSIGHT] Others pointed out that it may not be an issue as Prince Harry and Meghan are reportedly unlikely to return to the UK anytime soon. A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirmed last week that Harry will not return home to attend a service dedicated to his late grandfather this month. Omid Scobie, royal editor of Harper Bazaar US, tweeted the news. He wrote: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29. "He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible." It comes amid Harry’s ongoing row with the Home Office over security provisions while he and his family are on British soil. The Sussexes received taxpayer-funded police protection when they were working royals but lost this when they stepped back in March 2020. Within a statement released in January, Harry’s lawyer claimed he “inherited a security risk at birth, for life” which necessitated the need for security measures. The statement also claims that while the Sussexes pay for private security in the US, the security “cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK”.