Monty Don regularly shares gardening advice on the television as well as on his blog. Sharing advice on a recent blog, the gardening expert offered gardeners pruning advice when it came to roses. He explained that a number of pruning jobs can start to be done in February but “keep perfectly well into March” for those living in the north or for those who simply don’t have the time. He added: “Always use really sharp tools for pruning. Not only does it make life much easier but it also makes for much cleaner cuts and therefore causes less damage to the plant, sharp tools are also much safer. “Always use a tool that is operating within its capacity, so never strain. “Use loppers for stems too thick for easy cutting with secateurs and a sharp saw for anything that strains loppers. “Never paint over pruning wounds as this seals in potential disease, leave them to scar over natural. READ MORE: Home interior trends that ‘make it harder to achieve a sale’ “Always cut back to something, do not snip at random but make your cut just above a bud or a leaf or the joint of another stem.” When it comes to rose pruning, Monty explained that they are “tough shrubs” which can take a “mauling”. He added that although there is no set rule when it comes to pruning roses, there are some considerations for gardeners to bear in mind. For hybrid teas, floribunda and hybrid perpetuals, Monty explained these flower on the current season’s wood and so gardeners should “prune hard each spring”. DON'T MISS:Best way to remove garden weeds - ‘tease them out’ [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fan shares 88p method to clean dusty skirting boards [COMMENT]‘Ideal’ method for keeping slugs and snails at bay this spring [EXPLAINER] He added: “Remove all weak, damaged or crossing stems first and then pruning the remaining stems to form an open bowl of stubby branches. “Don’t worry too much about outward sloping cuts but do always cut just above a bud, remember to cut the weakest growth hardest.” Shrub roses have an open and spreading shape, often with prickly branches along their stems. According to the gardening expert, these need “very little pruning” and a “once over with a hedge trimmer” is “very effective”. Monty added: “I prune mine in winter and early spring by removing exceptionally long growth, damaged or crossing branches and the leave along. “There is a strong case for doing this in late summer or early autumn.” When it comes to climbing roses, they can be divided into two categories including true climbers and ramblers. For those with true climbers, they should have been pruned in autumn or winter, trying to maintain a framework of long stems trained with side branches breaking from them. It is the side branches which will carry the flowers on new growth produced in spring. Monty added: “Ideally a third of the plant is removed each year, the oldest, woodiest stems, so that it is constantly renewing itself. “Ramblers have clusters of smaller flowers just once in mid summer. “These include ‘Bobbie James’, ‘Rambling Rector’, ‘Paul’s Himalayan Musk’ and ‘Wickwar’. “These need little pruning but should be trained and trimmed immediately after flowering as the flowers are carried mostly on stems grown in late summer.”