Today marks the 20th anniversary of the Queen Mother’s death; the matriarch died aged 101 at her home, The Royal Lodge in Windsor. Born Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes-Lyon, she was the widow of King George VI and mother of the current reigning monarch, Queen Elizabeth II. Having suffered from a bad cough and a chest infection, her condition deteriorated and she passed away in her sleep. In a speech shared on the eve of the Queen Mother’s funeral, Her Majesty described herself as “deeply moved” by the “outpouring of affection” for her. She said: “My family and I always knew what she meant for the people of this country and the special place she occupied in the hearts of so many. “But the extent of the tribute that huge numbers of you have paid my mother in the last few days has been overwhelming.” The Queen was understood to have been very close with her mother, particularly after the death of King George. They bonded over their shared love of horses, and the Queen Mother was known to be a confidante of her daughter. However, that’s not to say that the Queen Mother always approved of her choices. In 1947, then-Princess Elizabeth married Philip Mountbatten, a former Greek prince with strong Danish-German ties. According to royal commentator Kinsey Schofield, the Queen’s parents were “devastated” by the union. Ms Schofield told Nicki Swift in 2021 that the Queen Mother and King George were “devastated when Princess Elizabeth married Philip, not because they didn't like him, but because they loved the chemistry of their tight knit family and didn't want anything to change." She explained that “the King called their family 'us four'” and “when it comes to Prince Philip, their relationship drastically changed when King George VI suddenly died.” Upon the death of King George, Elizabeth became Queen and Philip her consort. Ms Schofield, the founder of Los Angeles-based royals site ToDiForDaily.com, believes that the Queen Mother had a hard time accepting her new position within the Royal Family. DON'T MISS:Queen's heartbreak: Monarch upset as she listens to God Save The Queen [NEW]'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury [REPORT]Prince Philip broke royal protocol with unprecedented political stance [INSIGHT] She said: "But in general it was hard for the Queen Mother to come to terms with her new reality. Ranking-wise, Queen Elizabeth and her consort [Philip] took precedence over her now. “This was simply a hard pill for her to swallow." The Queen Mother was not quiet about her feelings towards Philip, and had an “arsenal” of nicknames for her son-in-law. Ms Schofield said: “Truth be told, the Queen Mother had an arsenal of cringe-worthy nicknames behind closed doors." Author Sarah Gristwood told the 2021 Channel 4 documentary, 'Queen Elizabeth: Love, Honour and Crown': "It's said that the Queen Mother used to refer to Prince Philip as 'the Hun'. "Not altogether jokingly either." The nickname stemmed from the Duke of Edinburgh’s membership of the German house of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg. The Queen Mother was strongly anti-German, and 'the Hun' was how the Allies derogatorily referred to the forces of Germany and Austro-Hungary in World War One. The two royals also clashed over their different visions for the Royal Family’s future.  Historian Professor Kate Williams told the documentary: "The Queen Mother wants Elizabeth's monarchy to be exactly the same as George VI. "Philip wants things to change. "So this battle between the Queen Mother and Philip, between the past and the future, begins. "And Elizabeth is torn in between them."