The number of Britons who are eligible for a Universal Credit top up has soared, yet many are still missing out. More than 1.3 million workers could be losing out on Universal Credit payments of up to £596 a month. Rishi Sunak cut the Universal Credit taper rate in his Autumn budget resulting in more families becoming eligible for the top up. The rule change saw the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) reduce the taper rate from 63p to 55p meaning people could earn hundreds more and still be eligible for extra financial assistance. Despite the change to the rules, many are still missing out according to data from the New Economics Foundation. While £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year, campaigners are urging people to check their benefit entitlement every six months. READ MORE: DWP update: All the changes coming in April for Universal Credit What is the Universal Credit taper rate? For every £1 a person earns over their work allowance (if they have one), Universal Credit payments will reduce by 55 pence, rather than 63 pence. However, not everyone is entitled to a work allowance, but those who are include people with responsibility for a child or a limited capability for work. Individual circumstances will affect how much of an allowance someone is allocated before reductions kick in but a rough guide is £335 per month if they receive help with housing costs and £557 if they don’t. DON'T MISSThe ‘biggest ever’ Dragons’ Den deal - Business sold for £12.5m [UPDATE]State pension payment dates to change for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [ALERT]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [INSIGHT] Work and Pensions Secretary Thérèse Coffey said the changes, which were brought in during November, should make two million more British people better off. Dr Coffey said: “From today, two million people will see their income boosted by £1,000 per year, on average, as we bring in an effective tax cut worth £2.2billion for the lowest paid.” Despite the changes it’s believed many people are still losing out. People who have stopped receiving Universal Credit because their earnings have increased or they have gone back to work should reapply. Britons can check whether they now fall into the bracket for help by inputting their earnings details into an online benefits calculator. Meanwhile, , the DWP has confirmed exactly when they can expect to receive Universal Credit, PIP and Pension Credit in April. People who usually get paid their Universal Credit on Friday, April 15 will receive their money a day early on Thursday April 14. Anyone who would usually receive Universal Credit (or any state benefits) on Monday April 18 will receive their payment three days early on Thursday April 14. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People who qualify for Universal Credit might also be eligible for: