Cesc Fabregas hailed two Arsenal players as the future of the club - before quickly adding a third. Fabregas was clearly enjoying watching his former side's performance against Watford on Sunday. There were some fine goals on show at Vicarage Road, with the Gunners scoring three of their own in a 3-2 win. Arsenal took the lead inside five minutes through Martin Odegaard. The Norwegian linked up well with Bukayo Saka, with the Englishman finding his team-mate with a low cross into the box. Odegaard slotted past Watford keeper Ben Foster to round off a great move. Cucho Hernandez scored a stunning overhead kick to equalise for Watford just minutes later. JUST IN: Man Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash  But Arsenal were back in front before half-time, with Saka getting onto the scoresheet after a smart one-two with captain Alexandre Lacazette. During the interval, Fabregas tweeted his appreciation of both goalscorers. The former Gunners skipper wrote: "Saka and Odegaard are the present and future of Arsenal. Two big, big talents." However, Fabregas quickly added a third player. The Gunners started the second half on fire and Gabriel Martinelli scored a fine goal from outside the 18-yard box. DON'T MISSBarcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Roy Keane bites back at Gary Neville over Cristiano Ronaldo before Man City vs Man Utd [QUOTES]Man Utd 'add boss mentioned by Paul Scholes to shortlist' despite Erik ten Hag 'agreement' [REPORT]  Soon after Martinelli's goal, Fabregas tweeted: "How could I forget him…" Martinelli is enjoying his best goalscoring season for Arsenal in the Premier League. His goal on Sunday was his fifth of the campaign in the top flight. It was Saka who was the standout player for Arteta's side though as Arsenal held on for the win despite some late pressure from the hosts. Arteta's side move up to fourth in the table for a few hours at least ahead of the Manchester derby.  Saka received big praise in the Sky Sports studio at half-time. Former Liverpool midfielder Jamie Redknapp said: "Saka has been unplayable in the first half, I love the backheel from Odegaard in the build-up for the first goal. "He’s an incredible young player, the confidence he shows, the quick play, he’s been brilliant in the first half." Manchester United legend Roy Keane also wanted to point out his opinion of Saka. Keane said: "This kid, he’s a special talent. "He’s played really well, nice and aggressive, I don’t think it was a foul in the build-up (for the second goal) no, given the ‘keeper the eyes and a great finish." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 