Speaking at a United Nations conference on Sunday, the Foreign Minister of Argentina, Santiago Cafiero, said that the United Kingdom owes Argentina and the world information over the weapons. He also raised the sovereignty dispute over the Falkland Islands. The Minister brought up documents that were recently made declassified by the National Archives in London, which confirm the transport. He said: “During the South Atlantic conflict of 1982, the UK sent ships equipped with 31 nuclear weapons to the region, which at the time represented 65 percent of its stock of deep nuclear bombs.” Speaking at the Conference on Disarmament that took place in Geneva, in parallel to the annual meetings of the UN Human Rights Council, Mr Cafiero denounced UK for withholding information about the weapons. He claimed: “The United Kingdom still owes Argentina and the world information on exactly how many kilotons it transported to the South Atlantic in 1982 and what the fate of that nuclear material was." READ MORE: Falklands row explodes as UK accused of 'warmongering' like PutinFalklands hit back at Argentina in furious new rebukeBitter row erupts: Argentina chief launches attack on UK over Falkland And added: "In addition to being a significant quantity, the mere presence of these weapons implied, not only for Argentina but for the whole region, a serious nuclear risk both in terms of radioactive contamination in the South Atlantic, as well as the catastrophic humanitarian consequences associated with nuclear weapons". According to the Argentine national news agency, Télam, the Minister blamed the UK for lying when officials “categorically denied possessing nuclear weapons in the South Atlantic conflict zone". Mr Cafiero continued by saying that his country repudiates the false information provided at the time. He added that such acts violate the nations’ obligation to act in good faith and demonstrate a lack of transparency. DON'T MISS: Ben Wallace praises Prince Andrew's 'strong record' in FalklandsChina told to stop ‘meddling’ after provocative Falklands remarksFalklands minister reasserts Argentina sovereignty claim Subsequently, Mr Cafiero referred to the Falkland Islands dispute, saying that it “must be resolved in a peaceful and negotiated manner.” He concluded by attacking the UK by saying that instead of that, the year-long dispute "is aggravated by the British military presence.” As he said, this “contravenes Resolution 41/11 of the United Nations General Assembly, which recognises the South Atlantic region as a zone of peace and cooperation". Additional reporting by Maria Ortega