The FIA has scheduled a crunch meeting with the World Motor Sport Council for Tuesday, on matters relating to the ongoing situation between Russia and Ukraine. The future of Haas' Russian driver, Nikita Mazepin, could be affected, and he is likely to discover his F1 fate once the outcome is made public. Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a widely-condemned invasion of Ukraine last week, which has seen hundreds of thousands attempt to flee the country. Negotiators for both sides have held talks in Belarus as they attempt to find a resolution. But in the meantime, dozens more civilians reportedly died on Monday as Russia's military assault continues. Football governing bodies FIFA and UEFA have both taken drastic action, banning Russian football clubs and the national team from all competitions. READ MORE: McLaren chief hits out at Mercedes and Red Bull over stance on new team joining F1  Many have urged F1 to adopt a similarly tough stance, which leaves Mazepin's fledgling F1 career in serious jeopardy. An FIA statement read: "An extraordinary meeting of the World Motor Sport Council will be convened tomorrow to discuss matters relating to the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. "Further updates will be given following the meeting." BBC Sport's Andrew Benson points out that the talks could have ramifications for Mazepin's F1 future.  The Automobile Federation of Ukraine [FAU] have already requested the FIA to suspend all Russian license holders, plunging the 22-year-old's future into uncertainty. In the midst of Barcelona testing last week, Mazepin and Haas' team boss, Guenther Steiner, were both pulled from press conference duties. The lucrative sponsorship deal between Haas and Uralkali, a company which Mazepin's father heads up, is under threat as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Mick Schumacher, son of legendary seven-time world champion Michael, is team-mates with Mazepin for the Russian-backed team, who have already pledged to remove the colours of the flag from their livery.  "Financially we are okay," insisted Steiner to RaceFans. "[The prospective loss of Uralkali sponsorship] has no [implication] on the team, how we are running it or how we’re doing, how we planned this season. "There is more ways to get the funding so that there’s no issue with that one." Antonio Giovanazzi, who impressed for Alfa Romeo last season before losing his seat, is one driver in the mix to step up should Haas make the call to drop Mazepin ahead of lights out in Bahrain on March 20. 