Princess Margaret married Antony Armstrong-Jones on May 6, 1960. Unlike other royal brides, the Queen’s younger sister broke royal tradition by buying her own wedding tiara. Traditionally, royal brides would wear a family heirloom passed down through generations.  But Margaret bought her own Poltimore Tiara in 1959, one year before her wedding, rather than borrowing from the royal vaults. Because Princess Margaret was known for doing things her own way, this often meant she broke with royal tradition. This was certainly the case when she married society photographer Anthony Armstrong-Jones. This was not only because she was one of the first Royal Family members to marry a non-royal, but also breaking protocol in the choice of her wedding tiara.  READ MORE: Princess Margaret: The senior royal's relentless health struggle While the royals have been known to buy jewellery, for instance Queen Mary famously bought the emerald tiara once belonging to Grand Duchess Vladimir of Russia, it was very unusual to not wear a family heirloom for a wedding day. Despite having access to the crown jewels, the then 29-year-old Margaret wanted something she could call her own. “It’s such a modern thing,” Sara Prentice, creative director at the House of Garrard, told Vogue. “We’re finding more and more now that women are purchasing for themselves, but way back in 1959, she chose it for herself.  “She must have loved it to do that.” The Poltimore Tiara, Margaret’s headpiece of choice, was purchased by the Princess from the grandson of the original owner, the 4th Baron Poltimore, who sold it to her at auction in 1959 for £5,500. Lady Poltimore bought the tiara from Garrard, the royal jewellers, in 1870, and wore it for the coronation of King George V in 1911. Not just a tiara, it was designed to be broken down into a necklace as well as 11 brooches.  It is a completely closed circuit, which is quite rare. While this was unusual enough, there was another way Margaret broke with tradition. While most royal Princesses only wear a tiara for the first time on their wedding day, Margaret wore her Poltimore Tiara on multiple occasions as an unmarried woman. She even wore it before she was engaged for the state visit of the Shah of Iran in May 1959.  She also wore it to the Royal Opera House later that year as a necklace. It later become synonymous with the famous image of Margaret in the bathtub, wearing nothing but the Poltimore, which was taken by her husband. This cemented the Princess’s status as the Royal Family’s ‘wild child’. After her death, the tiara was part of an auction of her estate by her children, Earl Snowdon and Lady Sarah Chatto, and raised an incredible £926,400. 