Shane Warne trod a unique line as a cricketer who catered for the purist and the pub fan in equal measure. For the former he was a technical marvel, performing the game’s hardest skill - leg spin - with extraordinary guile and accuracy. For the latter he was a Hollywood showman with the surfer’s looks and the rebel outlook who made a dry game sexy. The ball he will always be remembered for, the one which announced his talent to the world, was a piece of performance art, arcing innocently beyond Mike Gatting’s pads then exploding away on impact with the venom of a spitting cobra. That was showbiz Warney. But then there was also the chess-master Warney, plotting away delivery after delivery, carefully building his strategy, ensnaring the batsman in his web before his checkmate move. He was mesmeric to watch. Like observing a spider constructing a web for a fly to meet its end. The accuracy it took to create this world of pain for a batsman was, for a leg spinner, almost unprecedented but then Warne was one of a kind. There will always be a place for awe-inspiring speed but there has never been a finer or more hypnotic bowler to enjoy. The fact that he was Australian meant the pleasure of doing so was often accompanied by the pain of England defeat but even through the all-time record 195 Ashes wickets it was impossible not to admire the mastery. The master of the mind game, he would invent non-existent new deliveries to place in the heads of opponents. He only really needed two, a leg-spinner that rotated like a mini-tornado and a top-spinner that shot on like a scuttling rat. Warne’s larrikin nature often landed him in hot water and his love life was busy but he was approachable and fun with none of the self-importance his sporting feats merited. In his post-playing career as a commentator, he had time for everyone. At Lord’s three years ago on day one of the Ashes Test as the rain fell, he took a break from the filling operation to head off to a quiet spot for a cigarette. He was spotted by an Australian vicar. With the reverence he normally saved for his Employer up above, the clergyman nervously approached Warne with a humble request for a photo with him. “Sure, mate,” said Warne, trampling on his cigarette to hide the evidence and embracing the awed vicar. “One with you might help get me in when the time comes.” Sadly, that day has come far too soon. The debate at the pearly gates will involve some to and fro - Warne lived a full life. But the Almighty has a lot of time on his hands and if Heaven has a space for Da Vinci painting endless masterpieces, it surely also has a corner reserved for Warne, the greatest, bowling for eternity.