Palki Sharma, who fronts the lead Indian broadcaster WION, ripped into Prince William and Kate for carrying out a "royal disaster tour" in the Caribbean this week. During the couple's visit to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, the royal couple faced protests and calls for reparations payments by Britain and an apology for slavery. Ms Sharma told viewers that the reception that greeted the couple proves that the royals are no longer Britain's soft power. She said remarked that Britain was "still stuck in the Victorian era with the same delusion of empire and arrogance". William, second in line to the British throne, had travelled to the Caribbean with Kate to mark Queen Elizabeth's 70 years as monarch. Ms Sharma continued: "The Royal Family wants to reinvent itself. "So the Queen dispatched her grandson to her so-called realms, countries that recognise the Queen as their head of state, but the realms are revolting. "This trip has intended to solidify Britain's place in the Caribbean but things did not go to plan. This tour has been a royal disaster." JUST IN: Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial  The tour came as some countries consider cutting ties with the British monarchy and after Barbados dropped the Queen as head of state and became a republic. Some British and international media have criticised images from the tour, such as the royals shaking hands with Jamaican children through wire fences and standing on an open-top vehicle to observe a military parade that recreated an image of Queen Elizabeth doing the same thing in the 1950s. Ms Sharma also attacked Prince William for failing to apologise for slavery, despite demands from protesters. She added: "Things were no better in the Bahamas. The couple were welcomed with more protests. "Frankly, this should be a message to Britain, the monarchy is not your soft power anymore." Ms Sharma said "It's the opposite. They do not represent the glory days of Britain, they represent the worst of Britain. DON'T MISS: You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] "In the Caribbean, people are realising that. No amount of royal charm will fix that." Daily Mirror royal editors Russell Myers reiterated the criticism during an interview on Nine News Australia on Saturday. He said: "How William and Kate didn't see those pitfalls and their team didn't see those pitfalls is simply extraordinary. "I think they're going to have to face up to some really harsh criticism because, in reality, it was a disaster."