Some 51 oligarchs and their family members were hit with the latest wave of measures, along with the Russian president’s allies and propagandists. The Government also tightened the economic squeeze by banning exports of luxury goods to Russia and raising tariffs on £900million of imports by 35 per cent. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the latest round of sanctions, which came into force yesterday and are also targeted at Belarus, take the number of restrictions to more than 1,000. They include measures on 775 individuals. Ms Truss said: “We are going further and faster in hitting those closest to Putin – from major oligarchs to his prime minister and the propagandists who peddle his lies and disinformation. “We are holding them to account for their complicity in Russia’s crimes in Ukraine. “Working closely with our allies, we will keep increasing the pressure on Putin and cut off funding for the Russian war machine.” Government insiders said the latest measures show the UK leads the way in sanctioning Russia. A Foreign Office source said: “We’re not ­finished. Liz wants to keep pressure on via sanctions and will be hitting more oligarchs, banks and businesses to help make sure Russia loses in Ukraine.” The new Economic Crime Act gave the Government powers to act more swiftly. Oligarchs affected include Mikhail Fridman, Pyotr Aven and German Khan, with a combined worth of more than £100billion. All have links to Alfa Bank, the largest private bank in Russia. Sanctions were also imposed on Russian prime minister Mikhail Mishustin, defence minister Sergei Shoigu and former president Dmitry Medvedev. Among the propagandists are Putin’s press secretary Dmitry Peskov and Russian foreign affairs spokeswoman Maria Zakharova. They will have UK assets frozen, which means no British citizen or firm can do business with them, and they are banned from travelling to or from the country. The Foreign Office said the Internet Research Agency, a ­“notorious” internet “troll farm”, has also been sanctioned. Luxury goods which cannot be exported include British vehicles, high-end fashion and works of art as part of co-ordinated action by the UK and allies in the G7 group of countries. Russian vodka is among imports hit with an extra 35 per cent tariff and Government-backed export finance for Russia and Belarus, such as loans, guarantees and insurance, will be cut off.