Trepidation because we all know that the cost of living crisis is worsening by the day as fuel bills rise and inflation soars - with the full economic impact of the war in Ukraine still to be realised. Hope because Rishi Sunak has indicated that on Wednesday he may come to the rescue of already cash-strapped households and cut both fuel duty and taxes. And the Prime Minister has pledged to do "everything we can to help people". No one is pretending that balancing the books in the current climate is easy but every possible avenue must be explored to lessen our reliance on gas from overseas - something the Government is expected to expand upon in the coming weeks in its so-called "energy supply strategy". Britain is ready to bounce back as the threat from Covid recedes. Red tape must be cut to encourage businesses to flourish; public sector waste must not be tolerated. Be fair, Chancellor - but be radical, too. NOT so long ago, our awareness of dementia was limited. Thank goodness, that has changed in recent years - but not changed enough, according to the Alzheimer's Society. Sufferers of this cruel disease - which affects 900,000 people in Britain - are still reluctant to talk about their symptoms and often put off seeing a GP. "It's no surprise dementia is the most worrying condition for millions," says World Cup hero Sir Geoff Hurst, writing exclusively in the Express, stressing how talking about it "could make a real difference to someone's life". What will also make a massive difference to people's lives is properly funded research into this modern killer. We remember clearly how the former Health Secretary Matt Hancock told this newspaper that an extra £83million a year over 10 years would be set aside for dementia research - but it hasn't happened. People are living longer and so the chances of developing dementia are increasing. Indeed, it is now more feared amongst adults than heart disease and strokes.The Government must honour its pledge without any further delay. THE Queen is struggling with her mobility.There are even fears that she might not be able to attend the memorial service in honour of her beloved husband at the end of the month. But how proud she must be of William and Kate as they carry out their royal duties in the Caribbean. Cynics have described their tour as a "charm offensive".We prefer to see it as royalty at its best on the world stage.