A Russian court ruled that the trademarks of the iconic cartoon character can be flouted without punishment in Russia. It comes after Entertainment One - the company behind Peppa Pig - had taken legal action against a Russian entrepreneur who had drawn his own version of the beloved character. The company had claimed it was owed approximately 40,000 Russian rubles (around £319) for breach of copyright, but Russian lawmakers dismissed the case. It sparks fears that Russia could now abuse other Western trademarks and copyrights without any legal backlash. The Russian government had issued a decree that allows patented inventions and industrial designs from "unfriendly countries" to be used without permission or compensation.  According to the Russian government, the list of "unfriendly countries" includes the UK, the US, the EU, Australia, Japan, Ukraine and another 16 nations. Sanctions against Russia allow the court not to protect the UK company's trademark rights and allowed the court to refuse infringement claims. It has stirred suspicions the case was seized on by the authorities in Moscow as a weapon against Western sanctions. The bizarre case was brought to the Kirov court, almost 600 miles from northeast of Moscow, against Ivan Kozhevnikov, an entrepreneur in Russia. READ MORE: David Davis warns Israel and Turkey over helping oligarchs The British company could appeal the ruling for around £400 in compensation for the unlawful copying of its trademark images. However, by the time the case was heard, the possible claim amount had sunk to around £230 due to the stark drop in the value of Russia's ruble currency. The obscure case has gained much social media attention with many people making references to Boris Johnson's speech about his admiration for Peppa Pig in November. DON'T MISS: Top Kremlin propagandist exposes Putin's terrifying plans post-Ukraine [INSIGHT]Putin's 'crazy' and 'stupid' ploy to destroy Russian's food [COMMENT]Roman Abramovich 'disqualified' from running Chelsea as crisis worsens [VIDEO] In response to the court hearing outcome, one user wrote on Twitter: "It's getting personal now @BorisJohnson #PeppaPigWorldUK." Another wrote: "Don't tell the PM". The humorous comments refer to Boris Johnson's offbeat speech about Peppa Pig World late last year. When speaking about the theme park in Hampshire, he told business executives of Confederation of British Industry: "Yesterday I went, as we all must, to Peppa Pig World… "I loved it. Peppa Pig World is very much my kind of place: it has very safe streets, discipline in schools." 