With the public having (more than) done their bit, it now falls to the Government to step up and match that - and that is where the plan could hit its biggest and potentially immovable hurdle. In truth, they've already been bailed out by the nation's generosity  When it was set up, the "Homes for Ukrainians" scheme resembled a bizarre version of Tinder, for Britons eager to link up with refugees in Ukraine who were looking for friendship, support... and a roof over their head. You could only proceed if you could name a specific Ukrainian or family and in return you will be paid £350 a month. But you have to agree to a minimum period of six months of providing accommodation. Not only is that quite a commitment, but just what you're meant to do when the six months are up and you want to get the room back is unclear. However, a series of problems prior to that needs to be addressed urgently by the Government. Firstly, these poor individuals deserve nothing but sympathy and support, but so much of what they are sure to need will fall on the already over-burdened shoulders of the NHS. They will have fled for their lives, said goodbye to their husbands or fathers and will wait with dread for the call to tell them they could have perished while fighting for their homeland. The children will have been uprooted overnight and been unable to say farewell to family and friends. They will experience trauma and possibly flashbacks to the bombing and fear. Now factor in that mental health services in England alone received a record 4.3 million referrals last year as the pandemic drew to a close, and it's fair to ask how on earth the Government thinks everything these new arrivals should expect can be provided.  Then there's schools. Too many children are already packed into classes with too many pupils in buildings in need of urgent attention. This is another area where the ghastly spectre of the coronavirus pandemic looms large. Millions of children have missed out on terms of education and a large percentage of them are struggling to catch up. Now add in the challenge of providing education for thousands of children for whom English isn't their first language, and the picture becomes even bleaker. Lastly, there's the perennial problem of housing. For many years the number of homes built has fallen woefully below government projections. If you factor in this shortfall over a number of years, the pressure of lengthening queues for housing association accommodation can be quickly understood. Again, the arrival of thousands of homeless people from Ukraine will not ease this situation. That's just three key areas, and while noting there are more, the response from the Government is at best blasé and at worst verging on uncaring. The Government must realise this isn't like wishing for Tinkerbell to get better in Peter Pan.These are real people caught in the worst crisis this continent has witnessed in many lifetimes. Words will neither provide doctors nor homes. The Great British people have rightly and magnificently stepped up and risen to the challenge. It remains to be seen how close the Government can get to matching them. WARS have a well documented history of providing graphic and disturbing images. In one frame they can underscore the old adage that "a picture is worth a thousand words". Let's hope there can be nothing more upsetting emanating from the war in Ukraine than this shot above of a heavily pregnant woman bleeding profusely as she is carried from the smouldering ruins of the maternity hospital in Mariupol after it had been targeted by Vladimir Putin's missiles. Those with long memories will have recalled the picture of the so-called "Napalm Girl". Dating back to 1972 it shows a nine-year-old girl caught up in a napalm bombing raid in Vietnam with her burning clothes falling from her body. Mercifully, that girl lived and Phan Thi Kim Phuc is now a 58-year-old woman with two children living in Canada. Tragically, the same cannot be said of the woman in Ukraine. Last week it was revealed the baby she was carrying died, as did the mother. Let us all fervently hope no other image comes close to capturing the unfolding horror of the Ukrainian war than the one above.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea THE desperate need for someone to get a grip of the biggest police force in the country was brought into sharp focus last week for what seems like the umpteenth time. Hot on the heels of scandals involving serving officers taking pictures of dead corpses and swapping them with other cops, and police at one London station exchanging a series of racist and homophobic messages, we learn of two female officers subjecting a 15-yearold girl to a humiliating strip search at a school in Hackney, East London. Teachers said there was a strong smell of cannabis around the girl, but despite searching her bag and clothing they found nothing.Two female officers who attended then took the unaccompanied girl into a medical room, without informing her parents, and made her strip naked, despite her being on her period at the time. No drugs were found.The girl was black and a review has found racism "was likely to have been an influencing factor". As the Met lurches from crisis to crisis, what is undeniable is the good people of London deserve better. THAT posing popinjay the President of France has opted to wear army gear similar to that sported by Ukrainian president Volodymr Zelensky. Trouble is, when Zelensky wears it he looks like a war hero, but Macron resembles an Action Man doll... only less threatening.  THE BBC will slash original programming on its children's channel and show more cartoons. This, it says, will attract a more working class audience. It's difficult to recall a decision as offensive as this. The father of Meghan Markle is ready to give evidence against her in court. At least he'd finally get to meet his grandson. IF YOU'RE looking for proof that patience is a virtue, this cracking red will suffice. The Beronia Reserva 2017 spends up to 36 months in barrels - or "resting" - and the taste is testament to that. Worth every penny of £14.99 at Sainsbury's.