O Beach Ibiza will be hosting a once-in-a-lifetime experience to celebrate 10 years since the iconic club opened. The multi-day music event will welcome just 800 people to three beautiful islands in November for four days in paradise in all-inclusive five-star accommodation with beach parties and so much more. Attendees will spend their morning snorkelling with tropical fish, afternoons in a multi-sensory music-themed spa and evenings enjoying dishes in a world-class restaurant. Beach parties hosted by O Beach favourites will complete the experience. Taking place from Friday, 25th November to Tuesday, November 29th 2022 this event is the first of its kind. The four day and four night event welcomes guests to three stunning islands, The Hardrock Maldives, SAii Lagoon and The Marina. Read more: Apple Music is DOWN: Spotify streaming rival is not working in the UK KISSTORY, Boat Club, Pool Party, Aces, Ibiza Spray, SIN Sundays and Hot Bed will be hosting beach parties. Director of Brands and Events, Gemma Charters said: “We are so excited to be offering this trip of a lifetime to the Maldives so people can come and celebrate our 10th year with us in true style! “It will be four days and four nights of pure celebration with one of the most beautiful backdrops in the world, the Indian Ocean. “It is unlike anything anyone has seen before upon those archipelago of islands and it will be a very special trip not to be missed.” Prices start from £1750 for four nights in all-inclusive accommodation with access to all events. Transfers from Male airport are also included in the price. O Beach’s anniversary event will take place on the Crossroads Maldives which includes the three interconnected islands. Situated in the Kaafu Atoll and Emboodhoo lagoon, the islands will be exclusively taken over for the celebrations. DON'T MISSMichael Jackson apologised for 'stealing' his biggest hit single [INTERVIEW]Billy Idol guitarist Steve Stevens true feelings on Rebel Yell ray gun [INSIGHT]ABBA London shows tickets: Best seats STILL available for opening week [INSIGHT] The three islands will come alive with daily events including beach parties, brunches and after-parties. Throughout the stay, visitors will be able to island-hop and experience the variety of bars, restaurants and beach clubs the islands have to offer. Party-goers will get the choice of two hotels when they book O Beach Maldives. The five-star Hard Rock Hotel has a music-inspired rock spa and pools with underwater speakers. Guests have the option of staying in large suites, beach villas or overwater villas. Meanwhile, SAii Lagoon is the second five-star resort that offers high-end luxury with bohemian style. The resort offers world-class facilities, expansive balconies with open sea views and a range of exceptional restaurants. O Beach Maldives takes place from Friday, November 25th to Tuesday, November 29th 2022. For more information and to book visit here.