Lionel Barber noted the Prime Minister "has form" when it comes to unfortunate comparisons as he slammed Boris Johnson's "obscene" attempt to draw a comparison between Ukraine and Brexit. Addressing the Conservatives' Spring Conference on Saturday, Mr Johnson said Britons "choose freedom" in Brexit like Ukrainians have been doing in their fight against Russia. The comments sparked a significant backlash against the Prime Minister, who has been urged to apologise to Ukrainians. Speaking to BBC's Broadcasting House, the former FT editor said: "The comparison between Brexit and the Ukrainian people's plight is absurd. "The British had a right to vote, they had a right to choose and there was a result. And I'm happy with that result in Brexit. "But the Ukrainians are now being bombed to smithereens. "They are victims and the British people, the British economy, that's not a victim." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S BREXIT LIVE BLOG Mr Barber added: "Boris Johnson has form on this – he likened the British position in the EU to being in a prisoners of war camp. "Lastly, the Ukrainian want to join the EU, they don't want to leave it." He doubled down on his criticism on Twitter, writing: "Boris Johnson comparing Brexit - where the people had a choice to vote - to Ukraine fighting against an armed Russian invader is not only lazy, ignorant but also obscene. "Yet again he panders to a minority domestic audience." READ MORE: EU at war over Russia: Germany and Italy try to block bid to crush Putin to save OWN skin In his speech, the Prime Minister said: "I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. "I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. "When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself." Mr Johnson also cited the British people's willingness to voluntarily get vaccinated against COVID-19 because they "wanted to get on with their lives" and "were fed up with being told what to do by people like me". DON'T MISS:Russia sets to militarise space to battle 'hostility' [RUSSIA NEWS]Brits brace for 10cm of snow with spring snowfall [WEATHER]BBC Question Time audience member blasts Tory MP over refugee policy [REVEAL] European figures erupted with fury at the comments, with former European Council President Donald Tusk saying Boris Johnson "offended" Ukrainians with his undue comparison. Mr Tusk said: "Boris Johnson likens Ukrainians' fight to British people voting for Brexit. "I can still remember the enthusiasm of Putin and Trump after the referendum. Boris, your words offend Ukrainians, the British, and common sense." And former Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt dismissed the comments as "insane." SNP Westminster leader, Ian Blackford, said: "Boris Johnson's comments comparing Ukraine's life-threatening situation with Brexit was crass and distasteful, and shows just how dangerously obsessed the Tories are with Brexit."