The report by the Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) into the Carmont, Aberdeenshire crash of August that year, published today (Thursday), also found that Network Rail did not have adequate systems in place to spot when designs had been changed without its knowledge. Network Rail said that it “it should not have taken this tragic accident to highlight those lessons”. At around 9.30am on August 12, 2020, a passenger train from Aberdeen to Glasgow collided with debris that had been washed onto the track from a drain that sat alongside it. The train derailed, and the incident saw the deaths of three people, one of whom being a passenger. The remaining six people on the train were left with injuries. Now, a litany of organisational issues has been laid bare which the report attributed as the causes of the fatal accident. However, the RAIB report made clear that it was “inappropriate” to use it “to establish blame or liability”, but rather “to explain what happened, and why, in a fair and unbiased manner”. READ MORE: Tragic driver’s sister tells rail bosses: We hold you responsible The report stated that the drain had been constructed by contractor Carillion sometime in 2011-2012, which “did not undertake construction in accordance with the designer’s requirements”. As a result, “the drainage system was unable to perform as the designer had intended when it was exposed to particularly heavy rainfall”, as it was the day of the incident. The drain that was constructed had an element which “had the effect of diverting a large amount of water” to the drain at the same spot, increasing the chance of washout. RAIB found a further five, non-causal changes to the design, none of which had been referred to the designer. Investigators said that they found “no evidence” that such changes “were dealt with as part of a formal process”, and that Network Rail “relied on a contractual assurance process” to notify the designer of changes. At the time, Network Rail’s auditing regime “did not include audits likely to detect design modifications implemented on site without proper change control”. As such, Network Rail’s project team “were probably unaware” that the drain was “significantly different” from the one that had been designed. RAIB found no evidence that inspections of the drain had taken place between March 2013, when the completed works were inspected, and the accident in 2020. DON'T MISSBritish drivers hit by BIGGEST ever daily diesel price rise [ANALYSIS]Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [INSIGHT]'Putin has lost touch!' 1.2m Russians sign anti-war petition [REPORT] This was despite a local landowner photographing the drain after a period of heavy rain in December 2012 showing erosion of the gravel, which he said he sent to Carillion or Network Rail but RAIB could find no evidence of them having. However, the reported added: “It is likely that this erosion was visible when Network Rail and Carillion staff inspected the site in March 2013.” The night before the accident, harsh weather had caused multiple issues on the rail lines, and that morning the rail control team had been “under severe workload pressure” because of “the volume of concurrent weather-related events”. Yet, the report found that “no additional resources” had been obtained to relieve the pressure on controllers. It added that had the accident, which happened during the coronavirus pandemic when there was reduced travel, happened with normal passenger volumes, “the casualty toll would almost certainly have been significantly higher”. Responding to the report, Andrew Haines, Network Rail chief executive, said: “This report makes clear that there are fundamental lessons to be learnt by Network Rail and the wider industry. “As well as expressing our deep sorrow and regret at the loss of the lives of Christopher Stuchbury, Donald Dinnie and Brett McCullough, it’s important that we acknowledge it should not have taken this tragic accident to highlight those lessons. We must do better and we are utterly committed to that.” Mr Haines said that Network Rail has inspected similar locations and drains since the accident and had commissioned two “independent taskforces led by world-class experts” to better understand extreme rainfall. He added: “We have invested tens of millions [of pounds] towards improving the general resilience of our railway and how we predict and respond to such events. But this remains a multi-generational challenge and there is still much to do.” Carillion went into liquidation in 2018 after collapsing due to the amount of debt the company had taken on.