Queen Letizia is not only known for her impeccable wardrobe, but also for her flawless skin, hair, and figure. Her lifestyle, including her diet, helps her to take care of herself and keep in shape. What is it? Queen Letizia has been criticised in the past about her weight, with some claiming she was “too skinny”. However, the former journalist, who joined the Spanish Royal Family in 2004 when she married Prince Felipe, said she has a healthy relationship with food and dieting. She said at the time: “I don't have any problem. I eat a lot. “This is how I am, it's my body type.” READ MORE: The royal whose favourite perfume costs £245 - & not Kate or Meghan But, to maintain her body shape, Letizia follows a healthy diet and exercise regime. Her former personal trainer, José Ignacio Hernández-Coronado, said: “The Queen practices weight exercises every other day. “She always recommends them when someone asks her. If the King is free, he would join her gym routine, too.” Letizia spends a chunk of her annual salary, which is €139,610, on her fitness, investing in a personal trainer, yoga classes, Zumba lessons, and gym equipment.  José went on to unveil that Letizia does “bicep and shoulder curls combo, as well as pulley triceps extension” to tone her arms. He added that the Royal’s “favourite exercise” is “wall triceps dips”. “And then she is addicted to the exercise bike, with which she does a class with music to burn a lot of calories,” José said. But what about Letizia’s diet? The Spanish queen reportedly follows the Perricone diet, which she combines with a healthy Mediterranean meal plan. The Perricone diet is named after Dr Perricone, a famous nutritionist, whose meal plans many celebrities, from Gwyneth Paltrow to Kate Moss, have followed. Letizia explained during an official visit to Torrejoncillos school in Cáceres, Spain, that her favourite foods are vegetables, fruit, salads, and purées, making up 80 percent of her daily meals. Other foods she enjoys eating include fish, eggs, kale, and spinach. These foods are high in fibre and protein, which are two of the major food types in the Mediterranean diet. Described by Dr Mosley as “one of the healthiest diets on the planet”, the Mediterranean diet is an effective plan to follow for weight loss. Furthermore, Letizia tries to avoid sugar as much as possible to stay slim, as well as ready meals, frozen food, and pizzas. She does not either consume alcohol, fizzy drinks, or coffee. “She doesn’t really drink alcohol to be honest which is sometimes a problem for the toasts,” an insider revealed. “King Felipe VI, however, is a wine connoisseur and has a private wine cellar in the palace.”