The war waged in Ukraine is also causing turmoil on Russian soil, as major sanctions begin to take effect and major international companies pull out of the country. Swathes of international companies have suspended sales, halted transactions and shuttered doors in an attempt to sway the Kremlin and cripple Russia’s economy. A slew of major retailers have abandoned operations in Russia. Among them are IKEA, Nike, H&M, Sports Direct, Zara, Mango, Adidas, ASOS, Canada Goose, Burberry, Lego, Prada, and Estee Lauder. H&M said it "is deeply concerned about the tragic developments in Ukraine" and that the situation is being "continuously monitored and evaluated".  READ MORE: Three KEY errors Putin has made - former Russian minister hits out McDonald's announced on Monday it would be closing its branches while the war continues - but said it would continue to pay Russian staff. Coffee chain Starbucks has also closed its 100 cafes in Russia - but has also said it will support its employees during the suspension. Coca-Cola followed suit announcing it was "suspending its business in Russia". A company statement added: "Our hearts are with the people who are enduring unconscionable effects from these tragic events in Ukraine. "We will continue to monitor and assess the situation as circumstances evolve." PepsiCo will also pause all advertising in Russia and stop the sale of its drinks brands. MasterCard, Visa and American Express have all suspended operations in Russia and Belarus. Globally issued American Express cards will no longer work at shops or cash machines in Russia, the company said in a statement. Mastercard and Vias have announced similar action, with Russian bank-issued cards no longer working inside Russia. PayPal has also completely shut down its services in Russia.  DON'T MISS'Pumps won't cool!' Urgent nuclear warning [INSIGHT]Ukrainian Ambassador shames UK 'bureaucratic hassle' for visas [REPORT]Ben Wallace announcement TODAY as MoD panics over British soldier [INSIGHT] Meta, the company formerly known as Facebook, has blocked access to Russian state-controlled outlets across the EU after it "received requests from a number of Governments and the EU," the company's policy head Nick Clegg confirmed on Monday. Video giant TikTok has also blocked state media channels from the platform, including RT and Sputnik, and said it would be suspending new posts from Russia. Streaming giant Netflix has confirmed it will end its service in Russia while the war continues. Apple has also suspended the sale of its products in Russia, and has limited Apple Pay - Microsoft has made similar moves. Google has blocked Russian state media channels from its platforms, including the Google Play store. Walt Disney on Monday said it would pause the release of its films in Russian theatres, including the upcoming "Turning Red" from Pixar.