Louisa Jacobson has shot to fame as Marian Brook in HBO's The Gilded Age and as she chatted about the role on Jimmy Kimmel Live, she discussed how she got her foot into the industry. The 30-year-old also opened up on having acclaimed actress Meryl Streep as a mother and detailed her annoying habit.   When Jimmy asked if Meryl annoys her in the way other mothers do, Louisa exclaimed: “Of course. “Even today she was like ‘Alright pickle, is the car coming?' ‘Do you have everything you need?' ‘Is someone coming to pick you up from the theatre?'" The audience let out an "aww" as Jimmy chuckled at Louisa being called "pickle". "Yeah she’s really sweet," Louisa agreed before going on to share another embarrassing habit Meryl does. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell  She continued: “When she starts to speak to someone who has an accent, she’ll just start doing the accent.” Jimmy laughed: “And she’ll get an Oscar for it," with both the host and guest laughing. Moving on to discuss her role in The Gilded Age, Louisa explained her costumes are "very uncomfortable". Jimmy asked: “You would think maybe they would’ve used modern technology to come up with something that’s a comfortable version of that.”     “I thought so too but no," Louisa sighed. "It looked great but after three months and not being able to sleep on my side because my ribs were so sore, I was like 'I think it's time to take these dresses out and redo the measurements.'" The two also discussed Louisa’s career, including her history before she began acting in her adult years. The 30-year-old shared: “I acted when I was a kid, all throughout high school, middle school, did something different in college. DON'T MISS...Meryl Streep’s daughter details pain from The Gilded Age role [INSIGHT]Louisa Jacobson mum: Who is The Gilded Age star's famous mum? [INSIGHT]Meryl Streep 'very proud' as lookalike daughter makes TV debut [INSIGHT]   “When I graduated I worked a retail job for a little bit and then I worked at an ad agency.” After Jimmy asked about the campaigns she had worked on, Louisa revealed: “The agency is well known for having done a lot of work in the Obama campaign.” Louisa and Meryl aren’t the only members of their family to take on Hollywood and star on the big screen. Her sister Grace Gummer had a major role on American Horror Story as Millie during season three of the anthology series and she also starred as Dominique ‘Dom’ DiPierro Mr Robot.    Louisa’s other older sister Mamie Gummer is also a successful actress and has starred in a number of hit TV shows including The Good Wife, Manhattan and True Detective. The Gilded Age is created by the same creators as Downtown Abbey and is set in New York in 1882. Thankfully for fans, HBO confirmed a second instalment of The Gilded Age, however a release date is yet to be announced. Jimmy Kimmel Live airs weeknights.   