WTA rankings are the official world rankings for female tennis players, and are used to determine qualification for the sport's most prestigious tournaments. Ashleigh Barty is still the world No 1, and is closing in on Serena Williams' record for time spent at the top, while Emma Raducanu moved down to 13th. The WTA rankings are based on a 52-week, cumulative system, where rankings are based on points from tournaments. For example, winning a Grand Slam competition is worth 2,000 points, while simply qualifying is worth 70 points. Players with the most points are seeded higher for competitions - while also claiming the all-important bragging rights. Naturally, the biggest moves tend to happen after a Grand Slam finishes - as they're worth the most points - but there's still plenty of chances to move up the leaderboards after ATP 250 or ATP 500 tournaments. READ MORE: Djokovic suffers major blow as sponsor breaks promise amid vaccine row Britain's Raducanu dropped down to 13th in the latest WTA rankings, after retiring from the WTA 250 Abierto Akron Zapopan tournament in Mexico. She was the top seed for the competition, but had to withdraw during her Round of 32 tie against Australian Daria Saville. Raducanu picked up a hip injury in the third and final set of her match, and has now also withdrawn from Monterrey. After the match, Raducanu said: "I just wanted to say that I’m very sorry that I won’t be able to play for you in Monterrey. "I was having an amazing time, but I got hurt in my last match and that means I can’t play." DON'T MISSAndy Murray coaching admission made as Brit struggles without mentor [QUOTES]Medvedev's reply to Djokovic after Serb congratulates new No 1 [NEWS]Raducanu faces race against time to prove fitness before Indian Wells [ANALYSIS] Raducanu lost her place in the rankings to Latvian Jelena Ostapenko. Ostapenko reached the semi-finals of the Qatar Open last week. She eventually lost to Anett Kontaveit, who moved up two places to fifth in the WTA world rankings. The winner of the Qatar Open, Iga Swiatek, was one of the biggest movers this week. Swiatek jumped up four places to fourth, after beating Kontaveit in straight sets. Meanwhile, Barty is still way ahead of the chasing pack in the WTA rankings. The Australian hasn't competed since her Australian Open victory in January, and has played fewer tournaments than anyone else in the world top 20. However, she's almost 3,000 points ahead of second-placed Barbora Krejcikova.