When Meghan agreed to marry Harry, she was also agreeing to become the Duchess of Sussex, and had a lot to learn about her newfound life. In the lead up to their wedding and early on in their marriage, Harry helped guide Meghan through official engagements and meetings with the Queen and the rest of the family. But according to Judi James, a body language expert, a subtle hand gesture from the duchess proved Harry's role as guide and protector is now over and the "tide has changed" in their relationship. Judi told the Mirror that Meghan's hand gestures during the famous interview showed she was confident while Harry was not. She said the prince was in need of support from his wife. The body language expert said: "I think when Meghan came to the UK, Harry very much saw himself in the role of overly protective husband that knew that all hell was going to break loose in terms of press and public interest, and was desperate to protect her - albeit that she presented herself as a very confident woman. "But I think the tide has completely changed looking at the Oprah Winfrey clip". Ms James claimed that Harry is now more "vulnerable" and Meghan is his "rescuer". She said: "Now she seems to have taken a much more vulnerable Harry back to the US with her and she seems to be more in the role of rescuer and protector with him". READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Harry 'tensions' revealed as Duke 'uncomfortable' In the famous interview, the couple sat side by side in a private garden as they detailed their experience of life within the royal family. Meghan made accusations of racism and said the Duchess of Cambridge made her cry, while Harry said his brother Prince William is "trapped" and claimed his dad Charles cut him off financially. Speaking about the Oprah Winfrey interview, she said: "This hand gesture that you can see, he's got his hand on the chair and she's placed her hand on top. "That's almost a maternal looking gesture, it's though it's being used for reassurance and to let him feed off her confidence. "Clearly she's friends with Oprah, she's used to being in front of the cameras she's an actress, but to Harry this is a whole new world that he's being judged by and being asked to perform". DON'T MISS: Four ways the Royal Family have shown their support for Ukraine [INSIGHT]Eugenie delayed sex trafficking podcast amid Prince Andrew allegations [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton wows in floral dress for cacao farm visit in Belize [COMMENT] According to the expert, Meghan's body language was "very demure", "very regal" and "elegant". She added: "When we feel like we're being bombarded with difficult questions or we're not comfortable women, in particular, tend to self-diminish, we bring our arms in. "But with Meghan she's got that super self-controlled, confident image going on here." However, Harry, she said, looks "much less self-assured" and looks "more awkward". She said: "He is doing a male pose, he's got his hand between his legs. It's called the fig leave pose, it is a very self-protective gesture."