Professional dancers Graziano di Prima, 27, and Giada Lini, 30, are set to wed this year in a lavish Italian ceremony. The couple have been dating since 2015 and were supposed to marry in 2020, but their wedding was postponed due to the Covid pandemic. An added boundary to their relationship was that they were forced to spend most of last year apart. Graziano was working on Strictly in the UK at the time, while Giada was in Italy for Dancing With The Stars. In a new interview, Graziano admitted that he struggled with the separation because the couple usually “do so much together” and their priority is “to be together”. The Italian continued to OK!: “I realised how much I missed her. You realise just how in love you are and how important that person is to you. READ MORE:Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. “Now, we are stronger than before. “We both understand how important our jobs are to us. We support each other, because as dancers, your career isn’t really long, so we need to use the time we have.” Giada then added: “We always put each other first and our love first, despite work. “Our love was definitely stronger after. We tried to call each other every single day. "It was weird to be alone in Rome, but I felt connected to him through the phone.” Giada has now joined Graziano in London and the planning process for their upcoming nuptials is in full swing. The guest list is set to include fellow Strictly stars like Stacey Dooley, Kevin Clifton, Dianne Buswell and Nadiya Bychkova, as well as Graziano’s 2021 celebrity partner Judi Love. Graziano joined the Strictly team in 2018, and was first partnered with Radio DJ Vick Hope. DON'T MISSBritney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts[LATEST]Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married?[INSIGHT]'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show[NEWS] In the 2021 series, he competed with Loose Women panellist Judi and made it to Week Six. It comes after Graziano’s health sparked concern from fans. The dance star shared a snap on Instagram informing his 161,000 followers that he was feeling unwell. An Instagram story showed a flushed looking Graziano, as he penned: “Gym + sauna = Feeling worse than before.” alongside a crying emoji. The picture worried his followers, and some thought he may be suffering from Covid. In an update shared later in the day, the performer clarified whether he was suffering from the virus. He said: “Hey guys, I'm receiving so many messages like, 'Do you have Covid?' and stuff. “No I’m just tired! No Covid, no Covid, luckily," he laughed.