Not only do peace lilies produce beautiful white blooms, but they are also very easy to grow and have strong survival skills. Even if you accidentally neglect your peace lily for a little longer than intended, they are known to perk right back up with a thorough watering. Houseplant experts at Smart Garden Guide have shared the “essential” trick for keeping peace lilies “healthy”. They plant experts said: “Peace lilies should be watered once the top half of the potting soil is dry, but before the leaves begin to droop. “Water thoroughly until water runs out the drainage holes. “Use well-draining potting soil and avoid letting the plant sit in water, as this will lead to root rot. “Watering peace lilies is one of the most important aspects of care, but it’s also one of the most common causes of problems.” Here are three things that are really important to get right when watering peace lilies. READ MORE: Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it Peace lilies should be watered once the top half of the potting soil is dry. Watering thoroughly has a number of benefits that can make a real difference to the health of a peace lily. The experts said: “Firstly, it prevents the build-up of fertiliser salts in the potting mix by flushing them out of the soil. “Excess fertiliser salts in the soil will cause brown tips to develop and can cause other symptoms of nutrient toxicity that are really damaging to your plant over time. “Secondly, soaking your peace lily ensures that you don’t accidentally underwater your plant.” DON'T MISS: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how  [INSIGHT]How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps [TIPS]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT] This is because potting soil acts very much like a sponge. When adding a little water to dry potting soil it has a tendency to just run right through the pot and out the drainage holes, without being absorbed by the soil and it ensures that the potting soil. The experts continued: “A good watering technique is to add a small amount of water at first. “Wait a couple of seconds for the water to settle in the soil and then add more water. “This will help the houseplant absorb more of the water, instead of it running too quickly through the pot.” When watering peace lilies, owners should not use a watering schedule. Every plant and growing environment is different, and your peace lily will need watered more or less often depending on the growing conditions. The houseplant expert said: “The most important thing is to observe your plant and the potting soil it is in. “This will help you determine exactly when to water your peace lily. “Mastering this skill is essential to keeping your houseplants healthy.” Depending on where you live around the world, your water may contain significant quantities of chloride, fluoride, and other minerals, which can have a detrimental impact on your plant. When it comes to your precious peace lilies, they can start to turn brown at the tips because of these additives. The expert suggested: “Consider using rainwater, tap water or distilled water to water your peace lily if you are having problems with brown tips on your plant. “You could consider checking a water quality report from your local water authority, or using a tap water testing kit at home to find out even more about the water you are using.”