The Queen could soon be removed as the Head of State of Jamaica as local politicians plan to push ahead with turning the country into a republic by August. Jamaica will be marking 60 years of independence later in the summer, and criticism of the current relationship with the UK has been mounting as Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge visit. Good Morning Britain correspondent Noel Phillips stated: “Usually the process is a referendum.  “The vote is put to the people of the country to decide if they want to leave or not. “The Prime Minister, Andrew Holness, has a large majority so he doesn’t have to go to the people”. Discussing public opinion about the monarchy in Jamaica, Mr Phillips said: “If you walk on the streets here and talk to the people, they want to leave. “They want to cut ties with Britain”. READ MORE: Royal Family news: Prince George tracking his parents’ travels for Charlotte and Louis Although there is no confirmation, the removal could be a “swift process” and could happen as early as August, which happens to be Jamaica’s 60th independence anniversary month. Mr Holness spoke in December and said that there was “no question that Jamaica has to become a republic”. Speculation swept through the island nations, with many wanting to follow in Barbados’ footsteps and end their association with Britain as a colonial power. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are currently embarking on an 8-day Royal tour trip to the Caribbean. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and Wills face hostility as activists demand slavery apology It is the first major overseas trip since before the pandemic began. The trip, although largely an environmentally themed one for the couple, takes place at a crucial time for the monarchy as several nations within the Commonwealth have considered cutting ties with the British monarchy. In November, Her Majesty was formally removed as head of state in Barbados and Prince Charles was in attendance at the handover ceremony as guest of honour. The Queen is not only head of state in the UK and Jamaica but also in 15 other countries. These include Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. DON'T MISS: Queen fights ‘haunting image’ to attend Phillip’s memorial [REVEALED] Putin humiliated as hardman Chechen special forces go home [LATEST] Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' [REPORT] Speaking in Vox’s 2021 documentary ‘Royalty, Explained’, Carolyn Cooper, Jamaican author and media personality, said: “We must recognise that a grave injustice was done and the legacy of that injustice remains. “Britain’s wealth was fuelled by slavery.” She called on Jamaica to follow Barbados’ lead and remove the Queen as head of state. She added: “I think having the Queen of England as the head of state of Jamaica is really ridiculous in the 21st Century. “It’s time to get rid of the Queen as head of state”.