Doctor Michael Blaha, a cardiologist, did say that there's "no doubt that vaping exposes you to fewer toxic chemicals than smoking traditional cigarettes". Yet, the habit can – and does – kill. An outbreak of lung injuries and deaths have been associated with vaping, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) confirmed. Doctor Blaha added: "People need to understand that e-cigarettes are potentially dangerous to your health. "Emerging data suggests links to chronic lung disease and asthma, as well as associations between dual use of e-cigarettes and smoking with cardiovascular disease. "You’re exposing yourself to all kinds of chemicals that we don’t yet understand and that are probably not safe." John Hopkins Medicine noted that nicotine is the "primary agent in regular cigarettes and e-cigarettes". The highly addictive – and toxic – substance raises blood pressure, "spikes" adrenaline, and increases your heart rate. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms – 'Frequent' sensations warning of a growing tumour inside of the body All of these factors then increase the likelihood of having a potentially deadly heart attack. Heart attack symptoms The NHS listed possible signs of a heart attack, which include: Any indication of a heart attack should be taken seriously; immediately call 999, even if you are unsure. A heart attack can be a deadly event, depending on how much damage is done to the heart. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) said "harmful emissions", including possible carcinogens and irritants, were found in vapour. It is for this reason that non-smokers are not advised to start vaping. However, for current smokers, swapping cigarettes for e-cigarettes might be worthwhile. Research funded by the BHF foundation suggests that vaping "may be less harmful to your blood vessels than smoking cigarettes". Professor Jeremy Pearson, an associate medical director at the BHF, said: "Stopping smoking is the single best thing you can do for your heart health." The NHS offers free stop smoking services that are local – find your nearest service here. You can also speak to your doctor about tools to help you to stop smoking for good. Resources include nicotine replacement therapy, avoiding triggers, and using nicotine gum. Aside from hiking the risk of high blood pressure and a heart attack, smoking can seriously damage your health in other ways. The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) added that smoking causes: As well as badly damaging the inside of the body, smoking can also damage a person's outer appearance. For instance, smoking can lead to stained and yellow teeth, an unpleasant smell, and can contribute to wrinkled skin.