Chelsea are currently submerged in the club’s worst financial crisis in nearly two decades due to the sanctions imposed on owner Roman Abramovich. But the positive news that their head coach Thomas Tuchel has pledged his future to the club for rest of the season has been well-received. The German has been forced to address the club’s dire situation as a result of Abramovich’s sanctions, which is perhaps unfair as it has little to do with him directly. However, it does affect the day-to-day nature of his job and potentially, his future at Chelsea. The 48-year-old signed a new three-year contract after guiding the Blues to an unexpected Champions League success in May, just five months after replacing Frank Lampard. He also steered the club to a top-four finish, securing Champions League football before their European triumph. But everything has changed over the last two weeks, to the point that Chelsea is no longer the club that Tuchel joined 14 months ago. A special licence has been issued by the government that prevents Chelsea from making income of any kind — including selling tickets, merchandise and receive funds from sponsors. With no income and hefty monthly costs to meet, the west London outfit may run out of money before the end of the season unless the government approves a sale and change of ownership. It has prompted speculation that Manchester United could swoop for Tuchel if he is forced to leave Chelsea. READ MORE: Four managers Chelsea could turn to if Thomas Tuchel leaves But the head coach has reiterated his desire to stick with the club for the foreseeable future: “There’s no doubt I stay until the end of the season,” Tuchel said. “We just have to wait day by day because everything can change. “The club is for sale but hopefully it goes through. So day by day, which is a good way to live your life. There are circumstances we can’t influence but that gives us the freedom to focus on the things we can influence.” Such words of loyalty and commitment from the manager are so crucial in these desperate times for Chelsea. While there may be little the club can do to prevent out-of-contract players such as Antonio Rudiger from leaving for free, the prospect of losing Tuchel would be catastrophic. DON'T MISSChelsea have four exciting stars who could get Tuchel chanceChelsea to be denied Kovacic repeat, Palace and Southampton dealt blowChelsea fans called 'hypocritical' by Carragher in fiery rant Throughout this unprecedented situation, Tuchel has handled questions with class and dignity. There was some unrest caused by his “I’m not a politician” response to a question about the Russian invasion of Ukraine, but since then, he has continually stayed upbeat when it appeared impossible to do so. Not only is he incredibly popular with the Chelsea fanbase, who collectively serenade their manager with a personalised chant in most home matches, he remains one of the most adaptable and talented coaches in Europe at present. In the space of five months, he transformed the Blues’ leaky defence into one of the most impenetrable backlines in the top five leagues. He has found a way to get Kai Havertz firing too and his influence on homegrown players such as Reece James and Trevoh Chalobah cannot go unmentioned. Chelsea can afford to replace three defenders in the summer when a new billionaire takes over the club. But finding another Tuchel is near impossible — quite simply, they would be lost without their fearless, passionate leader.