Today members of the Royal Family gather at Westminster Abbey to celebrate the life and work of Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh passed away on April 9 last year, at Windsor Castle at the age of 99. He narrowly missed celebrating his 100th birthday in June. Prince Philip was Britain's longest-serving royal consort, supporting the Queen for 70 years after leaving active military service when Elizabeth ascended the throne in 1952. However, while his adult life was one of privilege and duty, the Prince’s childhood was marked by tragedy and loneliness. Born on the Greek Island of Corfu on June 10, 1921, to Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark and Princess Alice of Battenberg, Philip was sixth in line to the Greek throne. He was little more than a year old when his uncle, King Constantine I, was forced to abdicate following Greece's defeat in a war with Turkey. Philip’s father, who was working in the army, was accused of treason and exiled. The family fled aboard a British warship, with the infant Philip sleeping in a converted orange crate. Their flight was helped by King George V of the UK, Andrew's first cousin. They then settled in Paris where they would be based for the next decade, but it was an extremely difficult period for them. In the years immediately after their flight Alice’s behaviour had grown disturbingly strange. In 1930, she was confined to a sanatorium in Switzerland. She was later reportedly diagnosed with schizophrenia. Alice’s committal marked the end of family life for Philip and his sisters as they knew it. While she and Andrew never divorced, the couple’s marriage effectively broke up. Philip was sent to the United Kingdom to attend Cheam School, a mixed preparatory school located in Headley just southwest of London. Within 18 months, his four older sisters were married to German aristocrats and settled in Germany. From the summer of 1932 to the spring of 1937, Philip neither saw nor heard from his mother. The Prince later commented: “It’s simply what happened. “The family broke up. My mother was ill, my sisters were married, my father was in the south of France. I just had to get on with it. You do. One does.” DON'T MISS: 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches after awkward photo moment [LATEST]Kate Middleton and Prince William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy thunderstorms’ [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Are Commonwealth countries waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [ANALYSIS] Philip was sent to stay with his sister, Princess Theodora, and her family. His great nephew, Bernhard Prince of Baden told the 2021 BBC documentary, ‘Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers’, that Philip “was in exile”. He said: “He had no home and was, I believe, penniless.” Philip was sent to Schule Schloss Salem in Germany, a school that allowed him to “save school fees” because it was owned by the family of his brother-in-law, Berthold, Margrave of Baden. However, after Adolf Hitler came to power, the founder of the school, Kurt Hahn was arrested and later banished to Scotland. There, he founded Gordonstoun, a boarding school, which passed as Prince Philip’s home during his teenage years. While there, Philip experienced further loss and tragedy. When he was 16, his sister Cecile, her husband, and their two children were killed in a plane crash. Just a few months later, his uncle and guardian while he was at school, George Mountbatten, the second Marquess of Milford Haven, died suddenly of cancer at the age of 46. Two more generations of the Royal Family were later sent to Gordonstoun — Philip’s sons, Prince Charles, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward and Princess Anne’s children, Zara Tindall and Peter Philips. When Philip left school, Britain was on the verge of war with Germany. Vice Admiral Sir Timothy Laurence told the BBC documentary: “It was obvious war was coming, and he [Philip] was 17-18. What should he do? “There was a thought in his mind, perhaps he might join the Royal Air Force, but he had a guiding hand in the shape of his uncle Lord Mountbatten. “And that steered him towards the Navy. “So suddenly, at age 18, he goes to Dartmouth for his training with a war pending.” He joined the Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth, where he proved a brilliant cadet and graduated top of his class. It was around this time that Philip first met the future Queen. When King George VI paid an official visit in July 1939, Philip was charged with entertaining his young daughters, Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret. It’s been reported that he made quite an impression on King George’s oldest daughter. Philip served with distinction in World War Two, seeing military action for the first time in the Indian Ocean. In 1942, at the age of 21, he was one of the Royal Navy’s youngest first lieutenants. Philip and then-Princess Elizabeth had kept in touch by letter, and a wartime friendship became a peacetime romance. In 1947, the couple married and, the once Prince of Greece and Denmark, became the Duke of Edinburgh, a name he was widely known by for the rest of his life. He was 26, and his new wife 21. Philip’s Naval career came to an end in 1951 because of the deteriorating health of King George VI, and Princess Elizabeth was required to take on more royal responsibilities. Two years later, King George VI passed away and Elizabeth, who was just 25, was crowned Queen. The Duke of Edinburgh was named as the Queen's consort, and his primary function was to support his wife. He has been described as a moderniser of the Royal Family and is said to have been a driving force behind some of the changes made within the monarchy. He particularly encouraged the televisation of the parts of the Coronation Service at Westminster Abbey on 2 June 1953. As the longest serving consort in British history, the prince took on some 22,191 solo engagements. When he retired from royal duties in 2017, he was said to be patron, president or a member of more than 780 organisations. Accompanying his wife on tours and state visits, he visited 143 countries in an official capacity, making use of his fluent French and German. But one of his most enduring legacies is the Duke of Edinburgh's Award, founded in 1956 at the urging of his former headmaster, Kurt Hahn. Participants aged 14-25 earn awards by carrying out voluntary work, practising sports, learning skills and undertaking an expedition like a mountain hike or a sailing trip. His legacy is upheld by his youngest son, Prince Edward, who worked closely with the Duke on the award scheme. During his retirement, the Duke divided his time between Windsor Castle and Wood Farm on the Norfolk estate. He is said to have enjoyed quiet pursuits at the farm such as reading, painting watercolours and inviting friends to stay before the coronavirus pandemic began. Windsor was the primary backdrop of the Queen and Philip’s life during the coronavirus pandemic. There, the Duke and the Queen were thought to have lived a simpler life, without the constrictions of royal protocol in other royal residences. In November 2020, the royal couple celebrated their 73rd wedding anniversary at Windsor, where they also spent their last Christmas Day alone together. In February, just a month after receiving his first coronavirus vaccine, the duke was admitted to King Edward VII’s Hospital and underwent a heart procedure. On 16 March, he was reunited with the Queen at Windsor Castle, where he spent his final weeks. Prince Philip passed away on April 9 2021. The Queen has since made Windsor Castle her permanent residence, and continues to carry out virtual engagements from home. The Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service will be Her Majesty’s first public engagement in months. She joined other senior members of the Royal Family, including her and Philip’s children — Charles, Anne, Andrew and Edward. The ceremony to mark the Duke of Edinburgh's life broadcasted live on BBC One.