Cancer becomes increasingly difficult to deal with the longer it is left untreated. That's because cancerous cells spread to other areas of the body. Stymieing early detection is the vague nature of symptoms, many of which are brushed off as non-serious. That's the conclusion of a study published in the BMJ, which looked at how people with pancreatic cancer interpreted pre-diagnostic signs and symptoms. A qualitative interview was performed on 40 people affected by pancreatic cancer (32 patients and eight relatives of people who had died). Respondents interviewed at home were recruited from different parts of the UK during 2009/2010. An analysis of the interviews suggested that intermittent symptoms were not "uncommon in the months, or even years, before diagnosis", the researchers wrote. READ MORE: Cancer symptoms: The 'persistent' warning sign when waking up in the morning - pharmacist But that the fact that the symptom did not persist was often taken by the patient as a "reassuring indicator" that it could not be "very important", they observed. One patient reportedly said: “It can't be very important because it comes and goes.” "Such symptoms were rarely acted upon until a pattern became apparent, the frequency of symptom episodes increased, there was a change in the nature of the intermittent symptoms or additional symptom(s) appeared," the researchers wrote. According to the researchers, these findings build on social science theories of consultation behaviour. DON'T MISSPfizer vaccine: New report uncovers thousands of adverse events [INSIGHT]Live longer: Best sleeping position to reduce risk of chronic disease [ADVICE]Deltacron variant warning: Professor issues warning over strain [TIPS] They concluded: "Our study - the largest reported collection of qualitative interviews with people with pancreatic cancer —reports for the first time that symptoms of an intermittent nature may precede a pancreatic cancer diagnosis." The researchers warned that patients (and potentially their doctors as well) may be falsely reassured by symptoms that come and go. "Pancreatic cancer might be identified at a stage where curative treatment is more likely if there were greater awareness that intermittent gastrointestinal symptoms can have a serious cause, and if patients with intermittent pancreatitis-like symptoms were investigated more readily." Pancreatic cancer may not have any symptoms, or they might be hard to spot. Symptoms of pancreatic cancer can include: Other symptoms can affect your digestion, such as: According to the NHS, if you have another condition such as irritable bowel syndrome you may get symptoms like these regularly. The health body says: "You might find you get used to them. But it's important to be checked by a GP if your symptoms change, get worse, or do not feel normal for you." See a GP if you have: Anyone can get pancreatic cancer. It's not always clear what causes it. Your risk of developing cancer depends on many things including age, genetics, lifestyle and environmental factors. Anything that can increase your risk of cancer is called a risk factor. According to Cancer Research UK, pancreatic cancer is more common in older people. "Almost half of all new cases are diagnosed in people aged 75 and over. Pancreatic cancer is uncommon in people under 40 years old." Other risk factors include: