Kim Lockwood was rushed to hospital in Rotherham in March 2021 complaining of an intense headache. The symptoms were consistent with a rare side effect of certain vaccines in which bleeding on the brain and blood clots can occur in rare cases.  Coroner for South Yorkshire Nicola Mundy said Ms Lockwood had been “extremely unlucky”, such is the rarity of such cases. According to Ms Lockwood’s husband Damian, the headaches were so bad they “felt like her head was going to explode”. With her father at her side, Ms Lockwood’s final words to him stated the headache was “actually killing me.” South Yorkshire coroner noted the cause of death as Vaccine-Induced Thrombotic Thrombocytopenia, also known as VITT, at Doncaster court and returned a verdict of misadventure.  At the time of the incident, little was known about the links between Covid vaccines and VITT. Multiple cases have been reported around the world linked to the AstraZeneca vaccine, resulting in under 40-year-olds being offered alternative jabs. In Ms Lockwood’s case, the condition triggered bleeding in the brain which proved fatal. Estimates indicate very small numbers of patients displaying VITT symptoms following the vaccine. After 25 million doses were administered, only 78 deaths and 437 cases of VITT had been linked to the vaccine. According to the figures, the side-effect is more common in women than in men.  READ MORE:Covid symptoms: The three most common signs of Deltacron A Government statement surrounding the notion of getting a vaccine compared to the risk of developing VITT at a later stage still favours the vaccines. A statement read: “The advice remains that the benefits of the vaccine outweigh the risks in the majority of people.” Anyone experiencing indicators of VITT four to 42 days after the jab was urged to get an “urgent medical evaluation”. In Ms Lockwood’s case, she also experienced blurred vision and vomiting, as well as a loss of ability to formulate full sentences.  DON'T MISS:Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelensky [REPORT]Teacher suspended after refusing to use student pronouns [REVEAL]Macron humiliated as France could run out of ammo within DAYS [INSIGHT] The latter of these symptoms, which appeared the next day, prompted her to return to the hospital, after leaving the A&E the day before because of a long wait. The coroner said an MRI scan should have been arranged sooner for Ms Lockwood but said this still wouldn’t have saved the patient’s life, due to the nature of the "sudden and catastrophic" bleeding.  Rotherham Hospital NHS Foundation Trust said more was now known about the link between the vaccine and VITT and lessons have been learned following Ms Lockwood's death. So far in the UK, there have been 20 million cases of COVID-19. A total of 163,000 deaths have been reported. Some 140 million doses of vaccines have been given to Brits so far, with 49.2 million people fully vaccinated, equating to 73.2 percent of the population. 