Stefanos Tsitsipas has revealed he is ‘not focusing on older guys’ after recently being compared to Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic. Known as tennis’ big three, the legendary trio have no doubt dominated the sport over the last two decades. However with arguably tennis’ greatest ever players much closer to the end of their careers rather than the start, a number of the sport’s newer stars have been tipped to take over. One being of course Tsitsipas, who has announced himself as one of the world’s best players since bursting on the scene. Despite a fast start to his career though, the Greek has revealed he isn’t thinking about matching the achievements of the big three, but instead competing against ‘his generation’. He said: “I am not thinking about this right now, to be honest with you. I’m trying to compete against my generation more than against them. “Also simply because Rafa was one of the few of them that participated in the last tournaments. That you don’t know, it won’t last that long. I’m trying to be the best of my generation as much as I can, not concentrate too much on what’s happening with the older guys.” JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios fights off injury worry to blow Andrey Rublev away in superb Miami Open win Tsitsipas is back in action on Saturday, as he kicks off his Miami Open campaign with a clash against American Jeffrey John Wolff. The Greek star finds himself back out on the court ‘pain free’ after recently struggling with a tricky elbow injury. Now playing at full fitness, Tsitsipas admitted that he believes he is ‘starting to flourish again’. He told the ATP: “[I] realised how important it is to be healthy and to be competing pain free, and then I take things from there. I wasn’t at a very good state mentally for a very long time and I am glad I’m past that and starting to flourish again and begin from scratch.” DON'T MISS   The Greek star gave an insight into what his rehabilitation back to full fitness was like, and described his return to the Miami Open as a ‘special event’. He added: “I was able to get my elbow back to 90%. Participating in this special event meant so much to me because I went through so many difficult moments and so much rehab in order to make it there. “Going into every tournament things are different, and I need to probably be in the same set of mind. Be happy, be grateful, be appreciative and enjoy the time on court with the people around me. The people that I travel with, the people I work with, and then make this a pleasant environment.” 