The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are currently in the Bahamas for their Caribbean tour, which began in Belize and then followed by Jamaica. On Wednesday, March 23, for the couple’s second day in Jamaica, they attended a dinner hosted by the Governor-General of Jamaica, Patrick Allen, at King’s House in Kingston. For jewellery, Kate wore pieces lent by the Queen last night, that contained lots of hidden meanings.  Kate’s earrings were long and dangling, set in gold and covered by diamonds and emeralds. These, as well as a matching bracelet, came from the Queen’s Emerald Parure. Eddie LeVian, the CEO of jewellery house Le Vian, whose ancestors guarded the royal jewels of Persia, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to express the history of the jewels and what they represent. He said: “These dazzling emerald earrings and bracelets, loaned by the Queen and simple in design, with their understated pop of colour and knot detail, perfectly matched Kate Middleton's custom off-the-shoulder gown by British designer Jenny Packham. READ MORE: Kate becoming ‘more regal’ with increased duties in Firm  “Previously worn by the Queen with the gorgeous matching necklace, many believe these jewels were a gift from Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan of the United Arab Emirates. “Kate looked breath-taking as she honoured the colours of the Jamaican flag by choosing these striking emeralds along with her jewel-tone emerald dress,” Mr LeVian said. The expert added: “Leafy-coloured emeralds are among the most eye-catching of precious gems. “Very few stones match the deep and vibrant shade of green that emeralds flaunt.  “Emeralds form when colourless, naturally occurring beryls are infused in the Earth with the elements chromium or vanadium, lending to their famous green hue. “Emeralds are the May birthstone, appropriately representing spring, renewal, good fortune, and clarity, and they are traditionally imported from mines in countries including Colombia, Ethiopia, Pakistan, Madagascar, Canada and Zimbabwe. “Le Vian's own Costa Smeralda Emeralds, in particular, meticulously chosen for their quality and colour, are ethically sourced in Zambia and Brazil.” The Duchess matched her jewellery with an emerald-green floor-length gown, which had a tulle, ruffled neckline that showed off the Duchess’ bare shoulders and neck.  The bodice was tight and cinched in at the waist, while the skirt flowed in subtle pleats to her feet. Both the bodice and the top of the skirt were dotted with glitter. This gown was a bespoke Jenny Packham piece. She also wore two brooches, pinned to the bodice of her gown.  These were the Royal Family Order of Queen Elizabeth II badge and the GVCO Star. The Duchess did not wear a star and her hair was slicked back in a chic updo with a middle pattern. Kate’s make-up was natural-looking, but her eyebrows were prominent. She also wore lashings of black mascara and a slick of lip-gloss on her lips. 