Amazon has been offering plenty of incredible freebies and deals recently, with unmissable offers available on its Echo Dot smart speaker range as well as Kindle Unlimited and Audible. These deals have now unfortunately run out, but there is still one money saving deal that's lingering around. For a limited time only you can sign up to Amazon Music Unlimited for three months and not pay a single penny. The Spotify and Apple Music rival usually costs £9.99 a month (or £7.99 if you're with Prime) meaning the promotion offers you a saving of almost £30. To take advantage of this deal you need to be new to Amazon Music Unlimited - so if you've previously enjoyed a free trial for the service or you're already a paying customer you won't be eligible. But if you are able to get this deal, and are thinking of signing up to the Amazon Music Unlimited free trial then don't wait too much longer. The promotion first launched on February 15 and isn't available for much longer, with the deal running out on March 29. If you do sign up for the free trial you'll be able to enjoy a library of over 75million songs, which is all playable in what Amazon calls HD quality.  This is what the retail giant calls lossless audio, which is CD quality streaming. This is a great selling point of Music Unlimited as it's something that Spotify currently doesn't offer. Amazon's streaming service also has a library of over seven million songs in Ultra HD, which is better than CD quality audio. If you have a fourth-gen Echo Dot or Echo smart speaker then that's the perfect pairing as these Alexa powered devices support lossless audio playback, as does devices may be the likes of Sonos, Denon, Sennheiser, Bose, Pioneer and Onkyo. Besides all of these great features, Amazon Music Unlimited also allows you to listen offline with unlimited skips, has on demand music that is always ad free and has a library of millions of podcast episodes. If you don't want to be charged for Amazon Music Unlimited after your free trial is up then just make sure you cancel before then as auto-renew is applied automatically. 