Jamie Oliver, 46, has lost an impressive two stone in recent years and has managed to maintain his ideal weight. He has spoken openly about his weight in the past and credits two things for his transformation. Jamie Oliver cut down on one specific food and increased his intake of another. He also focused on his exercise regime to lose weight. In this way, the celebrity chef managed to lose a huge two stone. “I pushed meat down, pushed veggie up, got more sleep and more movement,” Jamie told Radio Times. READ MORE: Kate Middleton 'allows herself the odd sweet snack' - 'isn’t a crime' Sleeping enough every night can give you a boost of energy, meaning you are less likely to want a lot of food during the day. Studies have found that poor sleep is associated with weight gain and a higher likelihood of obesity in both adults and children, according to Healthline. New research suggests that an extra hour of sleep every night could help sleep-deprived people who are overweight eat 270 fewer calories per day without even trying. However, Jamie didn’t eat less when he kick started his weight loss journey – he ate more. DON'T MISS: Asda, Sainsbury’s and Aldi remove Russian products from shelves [NEWS]Rare penny valued at £200k sold to the public [UPDATE]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower ‘regularly’ [EXCLUSIVE] The chef continued: “I lost 12 kilos quite quickly and I didn't do it through not eating. “I ate a lot, more than I was used to.” Jamie swapped meat dishes for more vegetables and reduced his snacking throughout the day. If he did snack, he made sure all he ate was nuts. Speaking about nuts, he said: “They make you half as likely to have a heart attack. “Feed them to your kids as well.” As well as meat, Jamie also cut down on alcohol, drinking only on the weekends. He explained: “Your average Brit drinks booze. I’m not telling you what to do, but my rhythm now is only to drink at the weekend. “It’s about a consciousness and knowing you’re doing something and being more mindful.” Interestingly, a food Jamie added to his diet, contributing to his weight loss, was seaweed. “I thought seaweed was hippy, globetrotting stuff, but our ancestors ate seaweed,” he said. “It has got a load of iodine and is the most nutritious vegetable in the world.” Speaking about why he decided to lose weight in the first place, Jamie told the panel of hosts on Loose Women: “I realised I hadn’t spent much time looking after myself. “I went back to school and started studying nutrition, started travelling to parts of the world to where people live the longest lives and started looking at their lifestyles.” The chef added: “That was the journey and it’s been amazing.”