ITV will be premiering its slick new adaptation of The Ipcress File tonight (Sunday, March 6). A twisty 1960s Cold War espionage thriller, The Ipcress File was first adapted into a film back in 1965 with the iconic Sir Michael Caine in the main role as spy Harry Palmer. Express.co.uk takes a look at the cast of the new series and its cast, along with their previous work. The Ipcress File follows a spy enlisted on a dangerous mission as the Cold War between the East and the West heats up after a British nuclear scientist goes missing. Drafted to go undercover on a perilous case, The Ipcress File will take audiences across the world from London to a divided Berlin to Lebanon and a nuclear site in the middle of the Pacific. There will be a race against time to prevent nuclear war from breaking out with tensions spilling over from all sides. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: How did Michael Gray star react to John's death? Stepping into the role of spy Harry Palmer is Joe Cole, who has become a well-known face thanks to his role as John Shelby in Peaky Blinders as well as his turn as Sean Wallace in Sky’s Gangs of London. His other roles have included Black Mirror, Pure, and The Hour. Incidentally, Cole will be going up against his former co-stars with The Iprcress File airing in the same Sunday night time slot as Peaky Blinders on the BBC. Speaking about the role, Cole said: “He’s hyper intelligent, charming, almost a figure born in the wrong decade in some respects in terms of his forward-thinking with regard to feminism, social mobility and things like that. He’s got a certain swagger about him underneath a serious exterior. “Harry uses humour almost like a weapon. He’s quite facetious. His humour treads the line, but it’s facetious in the delivery. He’s not being sarcastic. He’s being playful. The undercurrent is, ‘I get you, you get me, we all understand the situation here. But we’re pawns in a bigger game.’ He reminds me a bit of my grandad. He’s very relatable.” Cole added how the thick-rimmed black glasses worn by Harry also helped him get into character as Palmer. He was originally going to wear the same pair Sir Michael had donned back in the day but admitted they didn’t work for the show. American-English actress Lucy Boynton portrays Jean Courtney, a super smart, Oxford-educated fellow intelligence officer who works closely with Harry. Actress Boynton is best known for her roles in Freddie Mercury biopic Bohemian Rhapsody, Murder on the Orient Express, Miss Potter and The Politician. Boynton said of the part: “Being the same age as Jean, it’s interesting to explore her experience of that world. We meet her at the point in her life where she’s trying to gauge how much the expectations set for her actually appeal to her. “To look at that especially male dominated era and industry through the lens of a young woman who is so ambitious and self-possessed and fiercely intelligent is fascinating, to see how she adapts or how she uses others’ underestimation of her to her advantage.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant? [THEORY]The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone [INTERIVEW]Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon's £30 earrings make huge profit [VIDEO] Hollywood actor Tom Hollander is Major William Dalby, Harry’s boss and the founder of a new intelligence agency handling the Ipcress File. Dalby is haunted by the past as a former prisoner of war in a Japanese camp as well as witnessing the Nagasaki bombing, he knows all-too-well the cost of nuclear war. Hollander is no stranger to screens from diverse roles from The Night Manager to The Pirates of the Caribbean to Pride and Prejudice as well as parts in Rev, Baptiste and Us. The star said of his co-stars: “Lucy Boynton gives a brilliant performance. As does the entire cast, including Joshua James as Chico and Anastasia Hille as Alice. They are all superb actors. Anastasia and I felt like we were the elder statesmen. It creeps up on you. When you look around and you’re playing the old bloke. “There are some great performances throughout the series. It’s a complete emotional journey. I would say that John Hodge writes for women very well. But probably best to ask a woman just to corroborate. I thought that was very strong writing.” British star Ashley Thomas portrays American CIA agent Paul Maddox, who works with Jean and Harry. Paul was involved in the CIA and JFK’s failed attempt to invade the Bay of Pigs in Cuba in a bid to overthrow leader Fidel Castro due to his relationship with the USSR. The slippery character has a mysterious agenda and his true motivations may soon become known. Actor Thomas has appeared in Top Boy, The Night Of, TV series Them, Black Mirror and Salvation. Joshua James takes on Chico, who is described as having a significant role to play in the series. James is starring in the Peter Dinklage film Cyrano and has previously appeared in Life and I Hate Suzie. Taking on Alice is Anastasia Hille, who is another covert intelligence agent hired by Major Dalby. Hille is likely to be familiar to audiences as the long-suffering wife Cecila of tortured French detective Julien Baptiste in the BBC series Baptiste. Her other roles include Silent Witness, Keeping Faith and The Pembrokeshire Murders, among many other credits. Swedish actor David Dencik who will also have an important part to play in The Iprcress File. He has previously featured in McMafia, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, No Time to Die, and Top of the Lake. Irish star Tom Vaughan-Lawlor is General Cathcart and some of his biggest credits include Dublin Murders, Avengers: Endgame, Avengers: Infinity War. Other cast members include Paul Bazely, Paul Higgins, Game of Thrones actor Will Tudor, Brian Ferguson, Nora-Jane Noone, Shireen Farkhoy and Irfan Shamji. The Ipcress File airs on ITV tonight at 9pm