Last week, Putin launched a full-scale invasion of the former Soviet nation despite weeks of threats of sanctions from the West. Now, Apple Inc has become the latest company to halt sales in Russia following the invasion. The company also said it was halting all exports into the country and is limiting use of Apple Pay and other services. In a statement, they said: "We are deeply concerned about the Russian invasion of Ukraine and stand with all of the people who are suffering as a result of the violence. "We are supporting humanitarian efforts, providing aid for the unfolding refugee crisis, and doing all we can to support our teams in the region." The company outlined a number of actions in response to the invasion, including stopping all exports into its sales channels in the country. Apple Pay and other services have been limited, the company said. The Russian state media, RT News and Sputnik News, are no longer available for download from the Apple Store outside Russia. On Tuesday, users in Russia were still able to access Apple's online store but attempts to buy an iPhone showed that they were not available for delivery. This comes after Alphabet Inc's Google confirmed it had removed Russian state-funded publishers such as RT from its news-related features, including the Google News search tool. READ MORE: Truss crushes Belarus as UK directly targets officials with sanctions Kent Walker, Google's president of global affairs, said in a blog post that "in this extraordinary crisis we are taking extraordinary measures to stop the spread of misinformation and disrupt disinformation campaigns online." Google already had restricted news companies funded by the Russian government from advertising tools and some features on YouTube. RT Deputy Editor-in-Chief Anna Belkina said in a statement on Tuesday that technology companies that have cut her outlet's distribution have not pointed to "a single grain of evidence that what RT has reported over these days, and continues to report, is not true." The statement said: "This collective `establishment' seems to be terrified of a mere presence of any outside voice for the fear of losing their historically captive audience, if that audience encounters a different perspective." DON'T MISS Putin is a second-rate dullard with self-esteem issues - PAUL BALDWIN [COMMENT] Iran supreme leader blames Western 'meddling' for Russia-Ukraine war [REVEAL] Putin CUT OFF as shipping giant joins boycott [INSIGHT] Several major Hollywood entertainment companies have also said they are pausing the upcoming release of films following the invasion. Warner Bros, Sony Pictures, The Walt Disney Company and Paramount Pictures announced the news as Russian military forces continued their attacks in the country. Paramount Pictures said: "As we witness the ongoing tragedy in Ukraine, we have decided to pause the theatrical release of our upcoming films in Russia, including The Lost City, and Sonic the Hedgehog 2. "We stand by all those impacted by the humanitarian crisis across Ukraine, Russia, and our international markets and will continue to monitor the situation as it unfolds." Warner Bros added: "In light of the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, WarnerMedia is pausing the release of its feature film The Batman in Russia. "We will continue to monitor the situation as it evolves. "We hope for a swift and peaceful resolution to this tragedy." While Sony Pictures wrote: "Given the ongoing military action in Ukraine and the resulting uncertainty and humanitarian crisis unfolding in that region, we will be pausing our planned theatrical releases in Russia, including the upcoming release of Morbius. "Our thoughts and prayers are with all those who have been impacted and hope this crisis will be resolved quickly." As well as pausing the release of its films, Disney said it would work with its NGO partners to provide "urgent aide and other humanitarian assistance" to refugees. In a statement, they said: "Given the unprovoked invasion of Ukraine and the tragic humanitarian crisis, we are pausing the theatrical release of films in Russia, including the upcoming Turning Red from Pixar. "We will make future business decisions based on the evolving situation. "In the meantime, given the scale of the emerging refugee crisis, we are working with our NGO partners to provide urgent aide and other humanitarian assistance to refugees."