Russia has held meetings with China this week ahead of an important EU summit on Friday, April 1. The meeting demonstrated a strong united front between the two superpowers, something that is sure to cause upset at the upcoming China - EU summit this week. Sergey Lavrov travelled to China this week to meet with his counterpart Wang Yi. The Russian Foreign Minister pledged to work toward a “multipolar, just and democratic world order" with China in the hope of securing its backing over the war in Ukraine. Moscow hoped to join efforts with Beijing at a time when the world faced "a very grave stage in the history of international relations", he claimed. His remarks appeared to be well received by Wang, who reportedly told him that China would be willing to work with Russia. READ MORE: Germany humiliated after Russia avoids sanctions and 'sticks it to EU'  Wang also reportedly praised Russia’s efforts in “preventing large-scale humanitarian crises”. He also openly committed to further co-operation with the Kremlin, saying: “Both sides are more determined to develop bilateral ties.” China abstained from last month’s vote at the United Nations urging Russia to abandon its invasion of Ukraine, but refused to openly support the Kremlin’s military actions either. The revelations will make for a frosty atmosphere at the China-EU summit this Friday. Preceding the summit, Western officials have warned of consequences China if it undermines the progress of sanctions on Russia. So far, China has refused to denounce Putin's invasion of the war, and has continued trading as normal with Russia. Last week, Joe Biden urged the EU and NATO to create safeguards so violations of their sanctions by other countries, such as China, can be properly scrutinised and dealt with. His national security adviser, Jake Sullivan, also warned that there would “absolutely” be “consequences” if China played a part in helping Russia evade punishments. DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Boris considering daring Mariupol rescue mission [INSIGHT]Truss to urge Modi to call out Russia in trip to India [REPORT]Putin ‘misjudged’ Russian troops capabilities, says top spy chief [INSIGHT] But despite the recognised need to bring down heavy sanctions on Russia, the way things are currently going, some European powers may make concessions. Diplomats from Germany and France have said they hoped to talk Beijing out of aiding Moscow, and don’t want to criticise China’s current stance on Russia, given that it isn’t selling arms or directly supporting the war at this stage. EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell told the European Council on Foreign Relations on Tuesday: “We are very, very far away from considering the China threat at the same level of Russia.” “Russia is certainly a big challenge for the countries nearby … [whereas] China as a military danger or threat for the European Union is not in our mindset. Certainly not. “It’s not in our interest to lean Russia toward China in order to create a great alliance of China plus other like-minded countries and to create a bloc of countries that don’t have our democratic system. I don’t think it is in our interest.” The USA has taken a considerably more hardline approach, given that it already sees China as a major geopolitical and ideological challenge. But smaller EU countries, such as Lithuania and Czech Republic, have warned that regardless of the war in Ukraine or what happens with Russia, China’s push forward still carries a risk for Europe. Czech Foreign Minister Jan Lipavský said last week: “If the war in Ukraine is a hurricane, then through that lens China is climate change.”