Mick Schumacher has given his verdict on his Haas teammate switch less than two weeks before the 2022 Formula 1 season gets underway, after Kevin Magnussen replaced Nikita Mazepin. Schumacher was set to be joined by Mazepin for a second-successive campaign, however the Russian was sacked last week. Mazepin’s future remained up in the air in the weeks following Russia’s invasion, with the 23-year-old given the all-clear to race by the FIA if he agreed to sign a code of conduct. Despite this, his fate was finally sealed last Saturday after his employers Haas terminated his contract and their agreement with main sponsor Uralkali - which is run by Mazepin’s father Dmitry. Days later the bottom side during the 2021 season chose Magnussen as the man to replace the Russian and line up alongside Schumacher for the upcoming campaign. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton makes alarming admission as Mercedes driver shuts down Horner and Sainz As the dust begins to settle on the saga, Schumacher has finally spoken out about the acquisition of his new teammate, and it was all positive. The German said: “We have a long session ahead of us. The signing of Kevin [Magnussen] is good for the whole team. “He's a good benchmark for me. I hope to confirm the positive feedback I got from him today." There is no doubt the Haas pair are at opposite ends of their racing careers, however team principal Guenther Steiner believes young Schumacher will benefit from working alongside an experienced man like Magnussen. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton exposes truth on bad blood with F1 rival Max VerstappenFerrari want Mercedes trick banned from Hamilton and Russell carsLewis Hamilton brought back down to reality by Mercedes chief  When asked if the Dane’s edition will help improve Schumacher, Steiner told Reuters: “Absolutely, Because if he beats Kevin, that means something. “Competition is good to get better. It’s like in a business, competition is good. “If you’re the only one it’s too easy almost and then you wake up one morning and you’re not around anymore,” explained the Haas team principal.” Magnussen is no stranger to the Haas setup, having raced for the American-based team between 2017 and 2020. And Steiner again believes the 29-year-old’s Haas experience will again only help Schumacher in his development. He commented: “I think Mick is happy to have somebody to learn from and to have a benchmark. “We can see where he is and also he can improve. “It’s a benefit for him as well because [he has] an experienced driver looking at data, [he will be] working with somebody who knows this car from driving very similar cars for six years. It’s very good.”