In April, car tax will increase in line with inflation, which could see petrol and diesel drivers paying more to use their car. The age of a car and its fuel efficiency are a good indicator for how much car tax a driver can expect to pay, with one expert urging drivers to make changes to save money. Vehicle Excise Duty is calculated according to the CO2 tailpipe emissions for all vehicles registered since March 2001. For cars registered before March 2001 the tax is calculated based on engine size. VED will remain the same for electric cars, with the zero emission vehicles being exempt. Plug-in hybrids are subject to modest VED and any plug-in hybrids that cost £40,000 or more are subject to pay an annual supplement for five years (starting from the second time the vehicle is taxed). READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered Ollie Green, a car maintenance and MOT expert at Collect Service Go, has told drivers they can reduce their emissions and ultimately lower the amount of tax they will need to pay next month. He advises drivers to make a few simple changes to their driving habits and they may be able to save money. Mr Green recommends that motorists use a cleaning agent to remove any harmful deposits which can build up in the vehicle’s engine. Adding a cleaning agent into the fuel system will help to lower the emissions of the vehicle. DON'T MISSDrivers warned when approaching junctions under new Highway Code rules [INSIGHT]Car headlights are a 'significant road safety risk' [WARNING]Drivers face £1,000 fine for parking the wrong way under Highway Code [SHOCKING] A bottle of liquid should be poured into the fuel tank at least a quarter full – before then driving the car for 10 to 15 minutes. The exhaust and fuel cleaner should also be used every three months to maintain maximum efficiency. He added: “If you have low tyre pressure, it can increase your fuel consumption and CO2 emissions due to your car needing more energy and fuel to move. “With this in mind, it is important to check the pressure of your tyres at least once a month to ensure the level matches the manufacturer’s recommended pressure level. “If you are using your air-con, make sure to turn it off a few miles before reaching your end destination. “This allows cool air to regulate the temperature in the car, circulate through the system via the fans, and decrease the emission levels. “Do the small things right. Changing gear earlier, reducing your speed, limiting your rev range and braking sooner will reduce emission levels while maintaining efficiency. “Alternatively, not driving at all will cut emission levels down drastically.” Changing the oil at regular intervals will keep the car running well and will prevent the moving pistons and cylinders from overheating, which can increase CO2 emissions. This should be done in line with the recommended service intervals as stated in the vehicle’s handbook. Premium fuels can also be used as they contain cleaning agents which help to remove dirt from the engine, which will improve fuel efficiency. These, however, can be more expensive at the pumps, with RAC Fuel Watch noting the average price of super unleaded to be 167.28p per litre. Prices are “likely to rise” with most forecourts ranging in price for premium fuels.