Karren Brady, 52, is currently offering mentoring sessions to help fellow entrepreneurs in business in aid of International Women's Day. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Karren spoke about the lack of female models in the workplace, leading many to idolise people they will never meet, like Oprah Winfrey. Karren has served as Lord Alan Sugar's assistant on The Apprentice since the show’s sixth series in 2009, having replaced Margaret Mountford. She is also known for her role as vice-chairman of West Ham United, alongside David Gold and David Sullivan, while she is also a regular newspaper columnist. Karren is working with Simply Business to help gender bias in the workplace, and offering mentoring sessions to women to help curb these issues. Express.co.uk asked Karren what she thinks needs to be done in the future to offer more female empowerment in the workplace. READ MORE: Demi Rose stuns fans as she risks wardrobe malfunction The businesswoman spoke about the lack of realistic female role models, leading many to look up to individuals like Oprah Winfrey and former First Lady of the United States, Michelle Obama. She said: "Everyone's so busy patting themselves on the back, they sort of fall off the edge of the cliff. "This means we need to create that diversity and have women on the board. "So, lots is said about having women role models and you could say Oprah Winfrey and Michelle Obama are role models, but they are women we never meet and never know. "So, having a woman on your board is a real role model, someone you can aspire to so you know can do it. "I think those are the things we can do to improve circumstances for women in the workplace." In the same interview, Karren also revealed why she believes that Meghan Markle receives such heavy criticism. The Duchess of Sussex is heavily involved in charity work focused primarily on women's issues and social justice. DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [ITV] Chris Packham horrifies fans with photo of 'firebomb attack' on home [TWITTER] 'Been an honour!' Escape to the Chateau stars inundated with support [COMMENT] She retired from acting when she married Prince Harry in 2018 and became known as the Duchess of Sussex. In 2020, the pair stepped back as senior members of the royal family and later settled in Meghan's native California. Since their departure from the Royal Family, the couple have received heavy criticism due to their "contradictory" claims against the firm. Express.co.uk asked Karren if she believed Meghan was criticised due to her challenging of gender roles. Karren said: "I think it’s probably because there’s a lot of contradictory things in what she says and what she does. "I think lots of people don’t like her to say one thing and do something else. "I think that’s probably the main issue." Baroness Karren Brady CBE is an ambassador for Simply Business' Empowering Women In Business initiative, offering one female entrepreneur an exclusive one-on-one mentoring session to improve their skills and confidence in business. Click here for more information.