When Mikel Arteta laid out his vision for what Arsenal would look like under his management after replacing Unai Emery, the Spaniard promised a series of changes to the culture that had been embedded into the club. More than two years on from his first press conference and it seems his philosophy is taking shape. The Spaniard has overseen a major overhaul in terms of culture and playing staff since being handed his first managerial position at the Emirates 27 months ago. Not only has Arteta brought in a core of exciting, young players with passion such as Aaron Ramsdale and developed academy graduates like Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe, he has eradicated the toxic cloud of negativity that lingered over the club after Arsene Wenger’s departure. It points to the promises he made in his opening press conference at the club over two years ago, where he outlined a managerial manifesto — promising to make changes to the way the club operates. "I have my ideas that I would like to keep to myself because I have to corroborate them when I see them act, when I see them behave, when I see them live together,” Arteta said when he was unveiled in December 2019. “I want to do things my way but by convincing them that it’s the right way for everyone to live better. JUST IN: Arteta details Lacazette talks ahead of Arsenal summer "Everybody has to respect each other first of all, and I want people who are accountable for what I ask them to do. “I don’t want them hiding, I want people to take responsibility for their jobs and I want people who deliver passion and energy in the football club.” Arteta has had several run-ins with players in his squad and the Spaniard has won every mini-battle, with Mesut Ozil, Matteo Guendouzi and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang all being shown the door. The trio fell foul of Arteta’s methods for different reasons. Ozil’s attitude in matches was not up to the standard he expected, while Guendouzi was involved in a heated argument against Brighton’s players and dropped afterwards. MUST READArsenal's stance on Saliba future as Marseille eye permanent signingArsenal's Saka urged to snub Liverpool and take Gunners to next levelArsenal stat will offer Arteta hope even if Gunners miss out on top 4 But it was the exile of Aubameyang in December after his latest disciplinary discrepancy that saw the 39-year-old banish the Gabonese from his squad. He never played again for Arsenal again, and left on a free transfer to join Barcelona in January. In rooting out the players who he perhaps deemed as bad influences within the squad such as Ozil, Guendouzi and Aubameyang, there is a belief that Arteta has stayed true to his principles. “Anyone who doesn’t buy into this, or has a negative effect or whatever, is not good enough for this environment or this culture,” he said. “There are things to change absolutely, because they’re not performing at the level we expect them to. “I will have to help them and to help them, I need to know what’s happening. "I need to understand what they’re feeling, what they’re lacking. “If I get to reach that point, I can help them. Then they will trust me and follow me.” Arsenal are currently on a four-game winning run and are a point clear of Manchester United in the battle for a top-four finish, with the Gunners having played three fewer games. With Arteta’s men on course to secure Champions League qualification for the first time since 2016-17, few would disagree that his methods have had a significant impact.