Married at First Sight Australia is filled to the brim with drama, whether it be explosive rows between couples, gossip among the singletons or those off-the-cuff raunchy scenes. The reality show first started airing in Australia earlier this year before making its debut in the UK on E4. One couple that fans quickly fell in love with was Olivia Frazer and Jackson Lonie. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS Australia.Olivia Frazer, 27, came onto Married at First Sight Australia feeling hopeful that she would find the love of her life on the show. Despite her self-esteem issues and previous bad relationships, she was open to the experiment and thankfully, so was her husband-to-be 30-year-old Jackson Lonie. Straight away, there appeared to be a connection between them, with him lovingly say he would get his "toolkit" out when Olivia talked of feeling "broken". With their relationship looking promising during the early stages, viewers are eager to know if they are still a couple. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell Of course, as the show is still airing in Australia and in the UK, it hasn't been officially announced if Olivia and Jackson, or any of the other couples, are still together. This is to keep fans guessing on what is going to happen in the series with unexpected twists around every corner. However, there are a couple of indications that point to Olivia and Jackson remaining loved-up. The first being that they have been following each other on social media even before season nine start airing. Not all of the couples were following one another, including Selin Mengu and Anthony Cincotta. It wasn't until this was pointed out online that all of the contestants started to so it's a good sign Olivia and Jackson weren't pushed to do so. Furthermore, Australian bookmakers SportsBet's betting odds are favouring them reaching the final vows and exiting the show together. While this isn't always foolproof, odds often come from leaked information from insiders or friends of the contestants. Odds can change but there are plenty of good signs surrounding this couple's future. DON'T MISS...Camilla Cabello suffers wardrobe malfunction on The One Show [VIDEO]What time is Married at First Sight Australia on? Schedule shake-up [EXPLAINER]MAFSA: What happened to Jessica Seracino's first husband?  [CAST] MAFS Australia expert Alessandra Rampolla has also confirmed there will be more than one happy couple walking away from the show this year. When asked if there would be any success stories by Who, Rampolla said: "Yes, absolutely! "This year’s season has been very intense, but I’m thrilled to be able to tell you that there are couples who find lasting love this year. It’s exciting!" In this evening's episode on E4, it will be expert Rampolla who will once again be taking the lead in the next challenge. MAFS Australia continues with episode 10 on Tuesday, March 8, on E4. The synopsis reads: "Intimacy Week is back with sexologist Alessandra Rampolla. "Can the couples talk openly about romance, intimacy and sexual compatibility?" Married at First Sight Australia season 9 continues on Channel Nine in Australia and on E4 in the UK.