Netflix’s hugely successful period drama Bridgerton will finally premiere its highly anticipated second season this week, after ending on a shocking cliffhanger. Penelope Featherington star Nicola Coughlan revealed the huge ending almost never happened as the showrunners were unsure about the Whistledown revelation.  Fans have waited since December 2020 to find out the fate of their favourite characters and thankfully the Bridgerton crew and cast have shared details about the upcoming season. Viewers worldwide were left with their jaws dropped after the identity of Lady Whistledown (played by Nicola Coughlan) was revealed in the last scene of season one. Throughout the series, the anonymous gossip writer who was voiced by Julia Andrews was taunting the locals by unveiling secrets in her scandalous articles. With the people of the Regency era enthralled by the gossip while hoping their lives remained secret, Lady Whistledown was no other than Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan). READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret? Audiences were completely taken aback as Penelope was completely unassuming as she was a divisive figure. As a longtime family friend and best friend of Eloise Bridgerton (Claudia Jessie), she was far from a suspect when the gossip about Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) was published. Now fans wait to see how Penelope will continue to operate and if her secret will eventually be revealed. However, star Nicola Coughlan recently admitted the whole Whistledown twist and revelation in the finale was almost ditched. On Monday, the actress sat down with Drew Barrymore and Ross Matthews to discuss the upcoming instalment. There Coughlan disclosed the showrunners had hesitations about her character’s revelation. She shared: “It’s crazy because they were not sure whether they were going to reveal it or not, it was sort of a debate. “But then what you see in season two, you can see why they revealed it at the end of season one,” she hinted. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? [THEORY]Death in Paradise’s Don Warrington speaks out on future of series [INSIGHT]Bridgerton star hints she will unveil Lady Whistledown's identity [INSIGHT] The actress also opened up about the challenge of keeping Lady Whistledown’s true identity a secret. Coughlan admitted: “I did not keep it well on set in any way, shape or form. “I would go up to people during lunch break like ‘Do you know who Lady Whistledown is?’ they were like ‘no’ and I was like ‘It’s me, it’s me.’” She added: “That’s how I tempered it without telling the rest of the world … It was crazy because it was such a huge secret to keep, even during press for season one.” As well as the huge Whistledown twist expected to be explored in season two, the upcoming instalment will also have a new focus. While season one followed Daphne and her relationship with Simon Basset (Rege-Jean Page), the new series will explore her brother Anthony Bridgerton’s (Jonathan Bailey) love life. This will bring on the addition of two characters, sisters Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) and Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) who will find themselves in a complicated love triangle with Anthony. Fans will have to tune in to see if the residents will also discover the true identity of Lady Whistledown. Bridgerton season 2 will be released on Netflix on Friday, March 25. 