On Friday, the mayor of the occupied Ukrainian town of Melitopol was kidnapped in broad daylight by Russian forces. CCTV footage from a public square showed ten Russian soldiers abduct Ivan Fedorov in the middle of the day. In the video, armed men can be seen leading Mr Fedorov out of a government building, his head apparently covered with a black bag. The astonishing footage sparked an immediate backlash from Ukrainian officials and was shared by Ukraine's presidential office. Melitopol was one of the first towns to fall to Russian forces after they seized it on February 26th. An hour before the kidnapping, the mayor had posted to Facebook thanking local businesses who had supported struggling residents amid low supplies in the town. Ukrainian President Zelensky later confirmed the brazen abduction of "a mayor who bravely defends Ukraine and the members of his community". JUST IN: Russia 'doesn't understand trouble it's in' as Ukraine secures weapons In a video message, Mr Zelensky compared the act to ISIS, saying: "This is obviously a sign of weakness of the invaders. "They have moved to a new stage of terror in which they are trying to physically eliminate representatives of legitimate local Ukrainian authorities. "The capture of the mayor of Melitopol is, therefore, a crime, not only against a particular person, against a particular community, and not only against Ukraine. "It is a crime against democracy itself. The acts of the Russian invaders will be regarded like those of Islamic State terrorists." Ukraine's parliament tweeted: "A group of 10 occupiers kidnapped the mayor of Melitopol Ivan Fedorov. He refused to cooperate with the enemy." Ukraine's Ministry of Foreign Affairs has claimed that the abduction amounts to a war crime, and vowed that the perpetrators will be brought to justice. Protests were swiftly organised outside local government offices demanding the release of Mr Fedorov. In a sign of growing civilian backlash in the Russian-occupied town, more than 2,000 people come out to demonstrate. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: 'Catastrophic for Putin' Huge blow for Russia [LIVE BLOG]BBC's Robinson and Derbyshire slammed over giving Russians air time [REACTION]Brits are stepping up to help Ukrainians, so why not the government? [COMMENT] Nexta TV tweeted: "Several thousand residents of #Melitopol marched to the administration building to demand the release of Mayor Ivan Fedorov, who was kidnapped by the occupiers. "We are told that there are problems with the internet. The occupiers are trying to prevent residents from coordinating." Russia has not commented on the fate of Mr Fedorov. However, the prosecutor's office of the Luhansk People's Republic - a breakaway region of eastern Ukraine that is backed by Moscow - has accused Mr Fedorov of "terrorist activities".