The young royal is currently third-in-line to the throne behind his grandfather Prince Charles, 73, and dad Prince William, 39. The eight-year-old’s official title is HRH Prince George of Cambridge. However, the prince's title could change in the future when his dad ascends the throne. When his father becomes king, George would be the male heir to the throne. Royal tradition notes that a male in this position is awarded the title of Prince of Wales, which is currently held by Prince Charles. It is not a given that young George will receive the title though, as it has to be bestowed upon the heir by the ruling monarch. However, it is more than likely that William will pass this title on to his eldest son. Often members of the Royal Family receive a new royal title from the reigning sovereign when they tie the knot. This means George is also likely to be the recipient of a dukedom on his wedding day if he chooses to marry, meaning he could have two different titles by the time William is king. His father Prince William was given the royal dukedom of Cambridge by the Queen when he married Kate in 2011. READ MORE: Harry warned memoir bombshell could backfire if Duke attacks Camilla The Queen gave George’s uncle Prince Harry the title of the Duke of Sussex upon his wedding to Meghan Markle in 2018. He was also given the Scottish title – the Earl of Dumbarton – so it is likely that George could also receive a Scottish title on his wedding day. George isn’t the only one tipped for a new title when William is sovereign though. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, is likely to take on the title of Queen Consort when her husband becomes king. DON'T MISS Prince Harry faces 'ultimate test' over UK return with Meghan [INSIGHT] Prince Charles opens up about ‘isolation and sacrifice’ [REPORT] Prince George sides with Prince William in major family rivalry [REVEAL] On Saturday, George made a public appearance with his parents, as the young prince was taken to Twickenham to watch England and Wales’ Six Nations rugby match. Prior to kick-off, the Cambridges met representatives from the two rugby football unions that the Duke and Duchess are patrons of, before taking their place in the stands for the big game. Prince William has been the patron of the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) since 2016. Last month, Kate was appointed patron of England’s Rugby Football League (RFL) and Rugby Football Union (RFU) – a position previously held by Prince Harry. Royal fans were delighted to see George singing the national anthem God Save The Queen - alongside both William and Kate. In pictures from the game, George is seen with his mum and dad in a navy and red coat and didn’t show an affinity for either of the teams on the pitch. In other snaps, the youngster was spotted poking his tongue out cheekily.