Netflix’s historical drama Vikings Valhalla is the most recent spin-off of the original series Vikings which premiered on History before coming to an end in 2021. As the sequel aired its finale last week the showrunner has already announced good news about the show’s future.  Vikings Valhalla followed the lives of the descendants of those who appeared in Vikings, taking place 100 years after the events of Vikings. In this series, despite the two religions living harmoniously, things took a left turn after the St Brice's Day Massacre. As a result, both the Christians and Pagan Vikings wanted to rid Kattegat of the other religion and come out on top. Thankfully for fans, before the show had even premiered Netflix had ordered three seasons with at least 24 episodes and now the first has come to an end, bosses shared exciting news. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump In a conversation with Digital Spy, the series creator and writer Jeb Stuart opened up about the future of Vikings Valhalla. He revealed: “I am just finishing the editing of the last episode of season two this week and I am dying to get it out there. “Season three [which will shoot this summer in Ireland] is very exciting and my Vikings get out of Scandinavia, so we have lots of great surprises and stories for season three.” Stuart explained: “My story carries on past [a third season] and I would love more time to tell the full story. “I would love more time to get to the fact that William the Conqueror puts an end to the Viking Age. “That story involves Harald Sigurdsson and that story involves a lot of our characters like Emma and Godwin, so I am hoping that audiences love Valhalla and this cast, who are a brilliant cast, and we get the chance to tell the whole story.” With the legacy continuing 100 years after Ragnar Lothbrok (Travis Fimmel) the spin-off introduced a number of characters including Leif Erikson and his warrior sister Freydis. As well as Prince Harald of Norway, King Canute, Emma of Normandy and the cunning Earl of Godwin. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [REACTION]Vikings Valhalla accuracy: What happened to the real Jarl Haakon? [INSIGHT]Vikings Valhalla boss issued warning before signing on [INSIGHT] With a focus on the new age characters, Vikings Valhalla didn’t stray too far from the original themes of action, betrayal and bloody battles. The series followed Leif Erikson (Sam Corlett), Freydís Eiríksdóttir (Frida Gustavsson), and Harald Sigurdsson (Leo Suter), on their strenuous journey, while conflict between the Viking Pagans and Christians took place. As a result, King Canute of Denmark (Bradley Freegard), Harald, and Olaf Haraldsson (Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson) planned to invade England but their differences caused complications. Although the invasion was successful thanks to Leif’s plan, the young explorer went through a major transformation towards the end of season one. The finale saw Harald change his allegiance to join Jarl Kåre (Asbjørn Krogh), who later died after a brutal battle with Freydis who had become a qualified shieldmaiden. Although she remained heartbroken about Jarl Haakon's death she found comfort in being able to get justice for the queen. Elsewhere, Olaf and his men flooded into Kattegat killed Leif's girlfriend, Liv (Lujza Richter) as well as a number of others. Harald and Freydis fled together, however, fans will have to stay tuned to see if Freydis and Leif will be reunited as siblings. Vikings Valhalla is available to stream on Netflix. 