Manchester United are prepared to spend big in their efforts to land Roma striker Tammy Abraham, according to reports. The 24-year-old has excelled in Serie A since leaving Chelsea at the end of last season and has recently been linked with a return to England as a result of his impressive form in the Italian capital. The Red Devils are prepared to shell out a transfer fee of £76million to bring Abraham to Old Trafford this summer, according to Corriere della Sera. United are said to be on the lookout for a new striker to replace the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani in the near future, with the former only tied down until the end of next season and the latter expected to leave the club when his deal expires in a few months' time. Manchester City are also believed to be keen on landing Abraham and would reportedly be willing to match United's offer if such a bid is made in advance of next season. However, it remains to be seen whether the defending Premier League champions will decide to pursue a move for Borussia Dortmund marksman Erling Haaland as a matter of priority before switching their focus to alternative targets.Meanwhile, a return to Chelsea for Abraham should not be ruled out, with the Blues having retained the ability to bring him back to Stamford Bridge for a reduced fee. A buy-back clause worth around £67m was reportedly inserted into the deal that saw the England ace join Roma last year, but the financial restrictions currently in place at Chelsea suggest that a move would be difficult to engineer under their present circumstances. JUST IN: Mikel Arteta may have Leeds hope as he continues with Arsenal rebuild It remains to be seen whether Abraham will return to the Premier League this summer or decide to stay at Roma, where he remains contracted until the summer of 2026. He recently underlined his admiration for his current employers after revitalising his career at the Stadio Olimpico and touched on his connection with the club's supporters, who have welcomed him with open arms."There was a low time in my career, Roma lifted me up and gave me that confidence," Abraham told reporters earlier this month. "I enjoy it every time I step on this pitch, you can hear the fans from minute one and I’d do anything for this club. The fans love me and I love them." Abraham has chipped in with 23 goals in all competitions for Roma since the beginning of the campaign to firmly establish himself as the club's first-choice striker over the last few months. He found the net on two occasions in his last outing against bitter rivals Lazio to help Roma secure a welcome victory to maintain their hopes of achieving Europa League qualification between now and the end of the season. The former Chelsea man's stunning form at Roma is said to have piqued the interest of a number of Premier League clubs ahead of the upcoming summer transfer window. The likes of Arsenal and Tottenham have also been credited with a desire to land Abraham in recent weeks, but it seems as though United could be set to beat their divisional rivals to his signature when the bidding opens at the end of the season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here