In a recent survey conducted by Freetrade of 1,000 ISA account holders, 14 percent of those aged 18 to 24 expect to have £1million in their savings before retirement. Furthemore, around 46 percent of people in this age demographic admitted investing in their ISA was a priority, instead of investing in cryptocurrency. Currently, there are only around 2,000 ISA millionaires in the UK with many people hoping to add to that number in the coming years. One investor has a master plan which he plans to implement to become one of the savers who reach this goal. Matt Reeves, 28, believes achieving this milestone is possible and the pandemic is partially responsible for getting young people into saving. Mr Reeves explained: “Like a lot of young people, I started taking a bigger interest in my finances during lockdown. “I wasn't happy about the returns on offer from my cash savings so I decided to invest in a stocks and shares ISA with Freetrade instead. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim “Right now I've got just over £20,000 in my pot and I want to grow that into £1million. I'm targeting a return of nine percent per annum, which might seem ambitious right now with all the volatility there is.” With this goal in sight, the scientific researcher is confident his fiscal prowess will get him across the finish line. However it may take awhile. He explained: “Based on current calculations, it should take around 28 years, at which point, I will be 56 with the target return compounding with regular deposits of £550 per month. “However, this may be sped up with dividends being reinvested, and some months me being able to deposit more than £550. “Consistency is key, and depositing each month and watching the dividends per month growing is the motivating factor. “Prior to the pandemic, I had limited financial knowledge and was saving my finances in a current account and a fixed rate cash ISA account (one percent) with my bank.” On how he got into saving, Mr Reeves explained: “My interest in boosting my finances was predominantly fixed on wage increases rather than making my savings work for me. “This changed after speaking to a flatmate, who is also a Freetrade user, during the pandemic and I realised that there were much better options out there for boosting my finances. “I was not happy with the returns I was receiving from the bank. After my savings were no longer tied up in my cash ISA, I started slowly depositing consistent sums (small to start with) in a Freetrade general investment account. “Then, after becoming more comfortable with investing, I switched to a stocks and shares ISA account as the long-term tax savings on dividends and capital gains will be worth it in the future.” Through Freetrade, the 28 year old has been able to use the investing platform to his own advantage to boost his finances. Mr Reeves said: “Freetrade really helped me as a completely new investor. Their commission-free platform allowed me the room to make mistakes without being charged high fees. “This gave me a window of around six months to learn the ropes of investing, and then I began to set clear goals around consistent trading." Freetrade also offers summary statistics on each stock in their app with costs and charges displayed. “Furthermore, Freetrade provides summary statistics on each stock in their app, and clearly displays the costs and charges of ETFs which I find really useful,” he added. There are numerous apps and platforms available, and Britons should undertake research to work out which one suits them and their goals best.