Manchester City reportedly fear Real Madrid’s next tactic in their summer transfer pursuit of Erling Haaland. Both clubs are among a strongly contested race to sign the prolific Borussia Dortmund starlet when the transfer window reopens.   Haaland is wanted by all the top clubs in Europe due to his incredible form in Germany. The 21-year-old has scored a staggering 80 goals in 82 appearances since his January 2020 arrival, with a record of 23 strikes in as many games this term. Dortmund face a fight to keep their prized asset, especially with a reported £63million release clause becoming active in the next few months. Madrid and City have been keeping tabs on the striker ahead of potentially activating that clause. It has been widely reported that City lead the race to sign Haaland this summer. However, other sources have claimed a deal is not as close. JUST IN: Paulo Dybala admission made by Juventus coach amid Liverpool interest Information in Spain has tended to suggest that Madrid are Haaland’s preferred destination. City reportedly fear Los Blancos have the upper hand in negotiations. According to Mundo Deportivo, the Premier League club are worried that Madrid will ask Haaland to stay at Dortmund for another year before signing him in 2023. That could be because they want to pursue an expensive deal for Kylian Mbappe, whose Paris Saint-Germain contract ends in June but would demand a sizeable contract. Although it could potentially mean that Madrid want to sign Haaland and loan him back to Dortmund for another year, with current striker Karim Benzema performing exceptionally well. That would entirely rule City out of a transfer.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd face Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern 'bid' jeopardises plansMorgan lets loose at Arsenal boss Arteta after Barca thrash MadridChelsea's forgotten man being eyed up by Jose Mourinho City boss Pep Guardiola refused to comment on a possible deal for Haaland. "Since I am here, every month or two months people say we are going to sign 50 players,” the Spaniard told journalists last week. “Right now, listen, It’s impossible that I am going to talk about some guy who is not here. He’s a Dortmund player and we’ve an incredible run ahead of us. "At the end of the season it is the transfer window and many things are going to happen. Maybe I speak about this club needing a striker for next five, six, seven years maybe once in last 12 months. I’m not going to be the guy saying we are a success or not a success because we didn’t have a striker.    "We have to play good and arrive with seven or eight players in the box. This is the best way to score goals. We are right now, heading into a game to try to get to Wembley in the semi finals of the FA Cup, we are in the last eight teams of the Champions League. "We'd love to be 20 points ahead of Liverpool but this is impossible but we are there. What we have done so far is great. then we come back and play the games, pray the players come back from international teams with no injuries and we fight to try to do it."   