Gray Atkins’ (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) reign of terror is finally over and the residents of Walford can rest easy in EastEnders. Actor Toby-Alexander has left the BBC soap with the hard-hitting domestic abuse storyline coming to a dramatic conclusion during Thursday’s episode which culminated in Gray being arrested for his crimes. EastEnders viewers were first introduced to Gray in 2019. The lawyer, his wife Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plumber) and their two children arrived in Walford to be close to Chantelle’s family. However, the seemingly picture-perfect family were hiding a horrific secret. Behind closed doors, Gray was physically and emotionally abusing his wife. Read more: Zaraah Abrahams husband: Who is Chelsea Fox star married to?  After years of abuse, Chantelle bravely decided to leave her husband but was killed by him before she had the chance. The lawyer went on to kill Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White) when she realised what he had done and later Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami). Gray had developed an obsession with Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) and lashed out when the couple tried to go on the run. Over the past few months, viewers have watched Gray’s cycle of abuse continue with his second wife Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams). Luckily, the lawyer’s attempts to go on the run were thwarted at every turn during Thursday’s episode. Gray was last seen being taken away by police officers and EastEnders has confirmed to Express.co.uk Toby-Alexander has left the soap. After three years of terror, the serial killer’s storyline has come to a conclusion meaning the actor’s time in Walford has come to an end. Speaking on The One Show ahead of his departure, Toby-Alexander discussed his exit from the soap. DON'T MISSEastEnders heartache as Denise Fox adopts Jordan Atkins [INSIGHT]EastEnders twist as Jean Salter outcast from family? [THEORY]EastEnders tragedy as beloved resident's death sealed after diagnosis? [SPOILER] He said: “Gray has been on the square for three years now and in that time he’s done quite a few terrible things. “This week we see the walls really close in on him. He’s affected a lot of people on the square, he’s done a lot of awful things and he’s about to get his comeuppance in true fashion.” Reflecting on signing up for the role, he continued: “It has been quite organic. “When I signed up to the job we knew we would be doing this big domestic storyline. “But, we didn’t know how long it was going to go on for and where that arc was going to take us after it and how he’s gone on to kill several other people I think they’ve done that as they’ve gone along.” When asked what it's like to play someone like Gray, he added: “In any other job you might do a film or a TV series for six months but to be doing it for three years is quite a long time for that sort of character. “But at the same time, I love the challenge of it every day I go into work and I’ve really got to put the work into the scenes I can’t just show up.” EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.