Baking soda has many uses around the home and is one of the best natural alternatives to chemical cleaning products. This powerful white powder can banish dirt, unclog drains and even brighten dull whites, but in some cases, it could do more harm than good. These are the five things you should never clean with baking soda. While baking soda is an excellent cleaning agent for many household surfaces, this pantry staple still has some limitations. Whether you’re looking to banish unpleasant odours or fade stubborn stains, baking soda is the go-to product for everyday cleaning, but there are a few common surfaces that you should always avoid. The grainy consistency of this alkaline powder makes it mildly abrasive and should always be avoided around delicate materials, but which surfaces are most at risk? READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how Fingerprints and smudges can be frustrating to look at while using electronic devices, but baking soda is never the answer to wiping your screen clean. While a simple baking soda and water paste will scrub away stubborn marks on other reflective surfaces like your steel sink, it could quickly ruin your glass screens. Always avoid this powerful white ingredient while cleaning windows, mirrors, oven doors and other glass surfaces. If you’re fed up with looking at a grubby screen, you can use: No matter how dirty your gold or silver items are, they will look even worse once cleaned with baking soda. Gold is a particularly soft metal which will be easily scratched by even the mildest abrasive ingredients, so stay clear from baking soda scrubs or soaks to sharpen your precious metals. Antique silver is particularly susceptible to damage by abrasives too and can become tarnished when cleaned incorrectly. If you’re looking to clean up your gold or silver belongings, use liquid cleansers to remove stubborn dirt instead of harsh baking soda. DON'T MISS:How to stop mould building up in your washing machine drawer [HOW TO]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share baking soda tip for getting odour out of carpets [REVEAL] Sleek marble countertops can bring an air of sophistication to any room in the house, but they will quickly look worn out when scrubbed down with grainy substances. Over time, baking soda will cause damage to the upper protective layer of both marble and quartz surfaces. The damage to the outer layer could compromise the longevity and appearance of your countertops, causing even more problems in the future. Instead, use a simple lemon juice and water spray to spritz your countertops and kill off any lingering germs. Less is more when it comes to cleaning marble so stick to plain, gentle products for the best results. Whether you’re cleaning your solid oak sideboard or mahogany flooring, baking soda should never be used to wipe down wood-finished surfaces. The sealant layer, which is used to protect the exterior of wooden items, can be eroded by abrasive products, leaving your wood looking worn in just a short amount of time. To clean your flooring and furnishings, use specified products to preserve the top layer. For furniture, in particular, try buffing in some essential oils using a clean cloth to restore the waxy shine after cleaning. Many metal surfaces take well to a sprinkling of baking soda, but you should be cautious while cleaning your aluminium cookware. If you use this product quickly and rinse it off all in a matter of minutes, it is unlikely that there will be any visible damage. However, leaving baking soda to sit on the surface for too long can cause it to oxidise. Once this happens, your aluminium surface will change colour, leaving an odd green or orange hue in its place.