Now, his war in Ukraine isn’t going exactly as planned as Ukrainians fiercely defend their land and sanctions begin to cripple life for everyday Russians. On Sunday, President Putin ordered his nuclear deterrent forces to be placed on a “special regime of combat duty”, showing the lengths he is prepared to go to win the war in Ukraine. But his plans in Ukraine are proving much more deadly to the Russian side than originally thought - it is estimated some 4,000 Russian soldiers have been sent to their deaths in Ukraine so far. What’s more, a plan to assassinate Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was foiled over the weekend, according to Ukrainian security forces. The few remaining independent press outlets in Russia have demanded President Putin “stop this war.” Even Russian oligarchs, many of whom have close ties with the dictator, are beginning to speak out about the war - albeit cautiously.  READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel speaks out on Roman Abramovich selling club However, for all his gesturing about Russia’s might and power, there is one feasible way President Putin could be ousted from power. As his plans continue to come to little fruition, the possibility of a regime change coming from within grows more likely. President Putin’s inner circle are undoubtedly loyal to him, but faced with a growing number of casualties and crippling Western sanctions, it’s possible they may come to realise that their war in Ukraine cannot be won with reasonable costs. A palace coup wouldn’t be unprecedented if Russian history is anything to go by. In October 1964 Soviet General Secretary Nikita Khrushchev was ousted. His defeat followed poor political judgment in the Cuban Missile Crisis that took place two years prior. His successor, Leonid Brezhnev, ruled for 18 years until his death. In 1991, an attempted coup on Mikhail Gorbachev by top military officials actually led to the independence of Ukraine and the end of the Soviet Union.  DON'T MISSRussian soldiers 'crying in combat' show trust in Putin has collapse [INSIGHT]Huge explosion rocks Kyiv train station where thousands evacuate [REPORT]UN backs Boris over Putin atrocities - Russia actions ARE war crimes [INSIGHT] Now, President Putin has eliminated all serious competitors. Any change of leadership would have to come from his inner circle - Minister of Defense Sergey Shoigu and the Secretary of the Security Council, Nikolay Patrushev are the most likely options for a replacement. However, while they share his worldview and desire for Russia’s international legacy to be restored, they lack the unpredictability of their President. What is clear about President Putin’s state of mind is that he is feeling severely existentially threatened - and it is difficult to predict how he could act if this feeling is exacerbated even further.