Facebook and Twitter were blocked from Russia last week, as tensions ran high over Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine. Russian President Vladimir Putin has passed a new law in his country which threatens anyone who spreads “fake news” with imprisonment. The legislation has led to a number of firms suspending their operations in the country. As of last Friday, anyone who is deemed to be spreading “false information” about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine can be punished with up to 15 years in prison. Media outlets are banned from using the words “assault, invasion, or declaration of war” within their reporting. Instead, they have been told to use the official state line which has labelled the war as a “special military operation”. Putin has regularly claimed that Russia has entered Ukraine to demilitarise and “de-nazify” its ex-Soviet neighbour.  READ MORE: Russia soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies Meta Platform’s Facebook was censored by the Kremlin last week after Russian communications regulator, Roskomnadzor, claimed 26 cases of discrimination against Russian media. Several hours later, it was confirmed that Twitter had also been blocked in the country. Then, over the weekend, TikTok said it had suspended all live streaming and content sharing on its platform in Russia. Social media networks are extremely popular throughout Russia, with millions of residents accessing them everyday.  So, what are the most used social networking sites in the country? According to a survey conducted by Statista last year, Moy Mir was the eighth most popular social media site in Russia. Moy Mir is an extension of the internet provider mail.ru, which is used by 5.4 million Russians each month to share images, music, and videos, as well as to play games. DON'T MISS: Liz Truss announcement: Britain to unveil new plans to cripple Putin [NEWS]Awkward moment maskless Boris glares at Trudeau [WATCH]Russian troops make 'no progress' in invasion as Putin humiliated  [INSIGHT]  Twitter was used by 14 percent of the 2,049 respondents who took part in the survey. Around 13 million Russian residents are thought to use Twitter which boasts the most engagement per author out of all Russian social networks. At sixth place was Tik Tok, which was used by 35 percent of the participants. The company said it had been left with “no choice” but to suspend its services after Russia’s “fake news” law had been passed last week.  Just doing enough to edge a place in the top five of this list, 37 percent of those who took part in the survey said they used Facebook in 2021. Odnoklassniki, also known as OK, has more than 71 million users in Russia and is generally the preferred social media for older generations. The site placed at fourth place in this survey with 42 percent of respondents. Kicking off the top three most popular social media platforms is Instagram, which 59 percent of the participants said they used in 2021. Finishing nine percentage points higher in second place was YouTube, with 68 percent. In first place by a considerable margin was VKontakte, more commonly referred to as VK. Best described as a combination of Facebook and a file-sharing platform, VK has more than 97 million monthly active users. 