Manchester United and Newcastle United are among clubs Victor Osimhen is set to snub this summer, despite reports of the Magpies tabling a £100million offer in January. The talk coming out of Italy suggests Osimhen is expected to remain at Napoli next season. United and Newcastle are just two of a host of clubs linked with the 23-year-old striker amid an impressive second season in Italy. Napoli signed Osimhen from Lille in a £74million deal in 2020, making him the most expensive African footballer in history. After a debut season settling in at the club, scoring 10 goals in 30 appearances in all competitions, the Nigeria international has caught the eye even more. Osimhen has contributed to 17 goals in 24 games this term, registering 13 goals and four assists, and is well-loved in Naples. JUST IN: Man Utd receive huge boost as Ajax believe Erik ten Hag 'will leave' On Monday, Sky Italy journalist Mario Giunta revealed that Napoli owner Aurelio De Laurentiis and manager Luciano Spalletti are 'crazy' about Osimhen, who is also happy to stay at the club this summer. He said: "There are many clubs on the Nigerian, but I feel like giving some news: Osimhen will stay in Naples again next season. "Aurelio De Laurentiis and Luciano Spalletti are crazy about him and have no intention of getting rid of him. "In addition, the former Lille man earns important figures in Campania. He is fine and doesn't press to go away." READ MORE: Man Utd owners could demolish Old Trafford as Glazers consider rebuild The report will come as a blow for suitors, especially for Newcastle, who Corriere dello Sport reported bid almost £100m to sign in the winter transfer window. United have also been touted as an interested party after Ralf Rangnick admitted they needed to sign a new striker this summer due to Edinson Cavani's impending exit. Earlier this month, Italian journalist Alfredo Pedulla claimed the Red Devils were eyeing a pursuit of Osimhen and that Napoli had enquired about potential replacements. But Rangnick and Co. will have to divert their search elsewhere, with Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane most recently linked. United's primary striker targets will unlikely come to light until their next permanent manager is appointed. But if Mauricio Pochettino is the successful candidate, it would instantly boost the club's chances of luring Kane to Old Trafford due to their strong relationship at Tottenham. It looks like no clubs, United and Newcastle included, will be signing Osimhen in the upcoming transfer window, though. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.