A solar storm has been brewing and is set for contact with the Earth's magnetic sphere on March 31. The space weather phenomenon is a disturbance in particles thrown out by the electromagnetic eruptions of the sun. It will comes as sunspot AR2975 erupted on March 28, triggering what is known as a solar flare. Sunspots form in areas where magnetic fields are particularly strong and appear as a dark patch on the Sun's surface. A solar flare is a sudden explosion of energy caused by tangling or crossing of magnetic field lines near sunspots. According to SpaceWeather.com, the blast triggered a "solar tsunami" that came charging through the Sun's atmosphere. The M-4 class flare sparked radio blackouts, according to space weather physicist Tamitha Skov. This comes ahead of the solar storm, which has been building before impact. Ms Skov tweeted: "Today's M4-flare caused a R1 radio blackout and now a S1 radiation storm grows!" The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) explains that "solar radiation storms occur when a large-scale magnetic eruption, often causing a coronal mass ejection and associated solar flare, accelerates charged particles in the solar atmosphere to very high velocities." The NOAA's Space Weather Scale ranks these from, S1 - S5, lowest intensity to highest. READ MORE: Solar storm warning: NASA predicts direct Earth hit from 'fast' impact Ms Skov continued: "This storm will continue until the solar storm hits March 31. "Expect high-frequency radio communications and GPS reception issues at high latitudes." And alarmingly, Ms Skov warned that high-risk airline passengers should be aware of elevated radiation doses". As SpaceWeather.com notes, the "solar tsunami" has meant "a lot of things just happened all at once". This tsunami was "radio-active", shooting radio waves toward Earth which wiped out some radio transmissions on the blue planet. A pulse of X-rays from the solar flare reportedly "ionized the top of the atmosphere over Africa", sparking a shortwave radio blackout, according to SpaceWeather.com. DON'T MISS NASA mystery over ‘super-secret’ first photos from new telescope [REVEAL] Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears [INSIGHT] Katya Adler outlines why VDL's energy plan will be CRUSHED [REPORT] With solar storms and solar flares both being in the mix, it is important to note that a solar storm is a term that describes atmospheric effects experienced on Earth as a result of events, like solar flares, that occur on the Sun. The event has also reportedly catapulted a coronal mass ejection towards Earth, a large expulsion of plasma and a kind of solar storm. US Space Weather Center (SWPC) ranks solar storms on a scale of "G1 Minor", the least intense, all the way up to "G5 Extreme". But even the weakest of storms can threaten "power-grid fluctuations" and have a "minor impact on satellite operations". The weaker solar storms are even able to interrupt radio communications with the high-energy radiation that they can bring, and this radiation is said to cover the entire electromagnetic spectrum. Elements like the ultra-violet and X-rays will cause changes in the Earth’s ionosphere (the upper part of the Earth’s atmosphere), resulting in these radio communication issues. This is a breaking story. More to follow.