Lord Sugar summons Harpreet Kaur and Kathryn Burn to the British Museum in the final of ‘The Apprentice’ tonight. The two frontrunners of the hit BBC programme will both launch new businesses as they battle it out for his £250,000 investment. Some of this season’s fired candidates will also return to the fray to help out the budding entrepreneurs. The pair have just three days to set up a new brand for their company, produce a digital billboard and create a TV advert. Each will pitch their business idea to Lord Sugar and a room full of industry experts at London’s Pennington Street Warehouse. Regular advisors Karren Brady and Tim Campbell will oversee the drama before the candidates are scrutinised in the boardroom one last time. Lord Sugar is known for his ruthless putdowns and intense interrogations on ‘The Apprentice’. However, away from the cameras, the businessman is just as fiery and has often landed himself in hot water with his outspoken comments. The boardroom boss once hit out at the “sickening” world of political correctness as he discussed his history of rogue remarks. JUST IN: Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby's diagnosis incorrect in 'grey man' identity twist? The British business magnate opened up about his life at the Pendulum Summit in Dublin in February 2020. Asked about political correctness, he said: “If you are too aggressive you might find yourself at a tribunal somewhere. “It’s quite sickening really. I keep myself away from it because I’ll get in even more trouble if I get involved.” The multimillionaire made his fortune in the Eighties, flogging TVs and other items with his electronics company Amstrad. However, since he first cut his teeth in the business arena, Lord Sugar now inhabits a very different world to the one he grew up in. The TV personality has become embroiled in social media storms on a string of occasions for the unfiltered remarks he fires out from his Twitter account. Examples include controversial jokes about the Senegalese national football team and East Asian workers, as well as his comparison of ex-Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn to Nazi leader Adolf Hitler. Lord Sugar suggested at the Pendulum that – good or bad – he simply speaks his mind. He told the audience: “What’s on my lung is on my tongue.” He added: “People appreciate it. They like to know where they stand. DON'T MISS: 'I wouldn't have done it' Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role [LATEST]Joe Wicks’ honest advice to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on their family [INSIGHT]Brenda Blethyn’s honest take on acting role that ‘scares her to death’ [ANALYSIS] “Most people who deal with me say they get a straight answer when they talk to me. I don’t flower my words. I say it how it is.” In the wide-ranging discussion, the businessman also hit out at modern politicians and the UK’s departure from the EU. He called then-US President Donald Trump “a tosser” and Prime Minister Boris Johnson “a liar”. Mr Corbyn was also in the firing line as Lord Sugar branded him “a complete and utter nasty piece of work”. Meanwhile, he described Brexit as a “big mistake” and hit out at Government ministers, including Mr Johnson. He said: “If I lied to my shareholders, it would be a criminal offence. The obligation of a public company chairman should be compared with obligations of politicians to the electorate – they should be held to similar standards.” ‘The Apprentice’ airs on BBC One tonight from 9pm.