Some parents complained after Steve Bone, headteacher at Woodlands Park Primary School in Ivybridge, Devon, taught the children about the conflict. He said he was following guidance from Nadhim Zahawi, Secretary of State for Education of the United Kingdom, issued to all UK schools in an email this week following the death of thouands in the conflict. Mr Bone said he felt it was his "responsibility" to speak to the children about Ukraine, and all of the school's 307 pupils reportedly heard about the conflict at an assembly on Tuesday. But, since the talk, "quite angry" parents have contacted the school to voice their concerns. One mum said: "Don't see how [telling] 4, 5 and 6-year-olds will calm fears - should [have] only been kept to the older year groups. Year 5 and year 6 can understand." Another added: "Anyone else really quite angry that they didn't even bother to ask or at the very least inform us that the conflict in Ukraine would be discussed with the whole school in their assembly today?" A third wrote online: "Just leave it to parents." However, as Devon Live reports, other parents supported Mr Bone's decision and felt those who complained are "wrapping their kids in bubble wrap". One woman wrote: "It might help with the anxiety that some children maybe feeling." Another shared: "What is wrong with these parents?? Stop wrapping your kids in bubble wrap." A dad posted: "Why shouldn't they know?! The children in Ukraine certainly know, and Russia arrested a load of primary school children for laying flowers for those suffering in Ukraine." In the email sent to all schools, Mr Zahawi said it was "essential" children are taught about political issues. Mr Bone tried to explain to the children why Russia is trying to take over Ukraine. In a statement, he said: "I read that email whilst all the news was going on and I decided I needed to start writing an assembly for after half-term., which I delivered yesterday (March 1). "I tried to do it in the most age appropriate way and the way that I did that was by telling them about when I was at primary school Ukraine and Russia were part of a larger country known as the USSR. "Then I explained how the USSR split into lots of different countries about 30 years ago, including Russia and Ukraine, and then I spoke about the complicated reasons, that even I don't completely understand, why Russia is trying to take over Ukraine. "I said in the UK we are safe for two main reasons, firstly we are a long, long way away from Ukraine and we looked at a map together as part of that. I spoke to them about a drive I did to the south of France and how it took me two days. "They could see on the map that it appeared to be a relatively short distance from Plymouth to France and then the massive distance from us to Ukraine. "Then the final, and most important message, was that if they hear or see anything in the news they should speak to an adult, whether that's an adult at school or at home." The teacher of the school, rated as Outstanding by Ofsted, said lots of children had their hands up in assembly but he didn't ask for their feedback in case they had some "inappropriate responses". Instead, he welcomed any students with questions to stay behind and speak to him privately. "One girl came up to me and said 'my mum says that when the Russians nuke us we're going to go and hide in Wales because it will be safe there' and that just underlined to me just how the vocabulary the kids might be hearing at home just doesn't connect with them", said Mr Bone, who is a dad himself. "Does that child even know what a nuke is - what messages are they hearing and how confusing is that for them? "So my rationale yesterday was to follow the guidance from the government to talk about it in an age-appropriate way and then communicate that with our community and state this is what I've done in the assembly and to speak to your children, support them and answer their questions even if you don't fully understand it. "Of course, as a parent myself there are some times when I want to shield my children from the atrocities of the world around them and the difficulties of society but equally I know I want to need to talk to my children about difficult situations. "It would have been an the easy thing for me just to do an assembly on Shrove Tuesday but as headteacher of this school I felt it was my responsibility to talk to our children about the ongoing conflict. "I didn't say anything yesterday that would scare the children, if they went home scared it's because what I said would have resonated with things they've heard. "That means it was justified because they have been exposed to stuff and hopefully they will have spoken to someone about what it means for us and those kinds of questions that children should be asking."  