The Saudi Arabian Grand Prix is set to be protected by ‘anti-aircraft guns’ after Lewis Hamilton led a drivers meeting to cancel the race. Each of the 20 Formula 1 drivers - with Nico Hulkenberg standing in for Sebastian Vettel as he recovers from Covid - met overnight on Friday to deliberate whether or not to go ahead with the race. Eyebrows have been raised since F1 took the decision to hand Saudi Arabia a race last year due to the country's horrific Human Rights record. Further questions were asked on Friday after a missile struck a nearby Aramco oil facility during the second practice session, just 12 miles away from the track. Yemen’s Houthi rebel group took responsibility for the attack, which was the most recent in a spate of explosions across the city. F1 drivers held a four-hour emergency meeting with motorsport bosses late into Friday night and came to the unanimous decision to continue racing after being given certain assurances about their safety. Dutch newspaper Telegraaf claims the promise of anti-aircraft guns being present helped to reassure worried drivers. The Saudi authorities also vowed to ramp up securing at the circuit, while explaining that their intelligence shows that the Yemeni rebels are not planning an attack on the circuit. READ MORE: Saudi Arabian GP qualifying results as Sergio Perez grabs pole On Saturday, qualifying went ahead as planned and the race is set to be staged as expected on Sunday at 6pm (BST). The Grand Prix Drivers' Association released a statement explaining their decision to continue racing. “Yesterday (Friday) was a difficult day for Formula One and a stressful day for us Formula One drivers,” a statement from the GPDA said. "Perhaps it is hard to comprehend if you have never driven an F1 car on this fast and challenging Jeddah track, but on seeing the smoke from the incident it was difficult to remain a fully focused race driver and erase natural human concerns. "Consequently, we went into long discussions between ourselves, with our team principals, and with the most senior people who run our sport. "A large variety of opinions were shared and debated and, having listened not only to the Formula 1 powers but also to the Saudi government ministers who explained how security measures were being elevated to the maximum, the outcome was a resolution that we would practise and qualify today and race tomorrow. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton, Max Verstappen and Co sent warning as FIA gets toughCharles Leclerc makes Ferrari vow ahead of Saudi Arabian GPF1 marshal quits Saudi Arabian Grand Prix over vile Hamilton tweet "We therefore hope that the 2022 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix will be remembered as a good race rather than for the incident that took place yesterday." The 22-race 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues this weekend with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on March 27.