A lot of people want to lose weight quickly, but with some crash diets, more weight is gained when normal life resumes. In recent months, one treadmill workout has gone viral, with thousands of people trying it out for themselves and witnessing great weight loss results. The 12-3-30 workout is done on a treadmill and can be traced by to influencer Lauren Giraldo, who shared the workout on TikTok back in November 2020. So what does it entail and how can someone lose 1lb to 1.5lbs of fat a week as a result? Lauren posted a video on the social media site and explained: “I used to weigh about 30 more pounds than I do now, I’ve been able to keep the weight off for two years and I’m going to teach you how I did it.” Before her weight loss, she said she didn’t “diet” or “calorie count”. “All you need is a treadmill,” she revealed. “You put it on an incline of 12, for a speed of three for 30 minutes, as many times a week as you can, I do it about five.” Having lost so much weight, Lauren said she “feels good about herself” and now looks “snatched”. READ MORE: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st - here’s how 1571397 With the video having gone viral, and the hashtag #12330 racking up more than 123 million views alone, many others have shared their weight loss results. YouTuber Keegan Acton who has 445k subscribers tried the 12330 routine out for a week. She told her followers how the workout was “more than walking, less than running”. “I’ve always wanted something more intense than walking, but I absolutely hate running, and I think this is the perfect in-between, burning more calories than walking, sweating more but you’re not exhausted like you would be from running,” she said. DON'T MISS...Diana wears earrings from Charles ‘but she didn’t like emeralds’ [PICTURES]Orchid care: Secret to a flowering orchid - use old fish tank water [EXPERT]Aldi announces Specialbuys landing in stores this week after delays [NEWS] “I did not change anything in my routine, other than how much I walked on a treadmill. “I ate the same as I normally would, I drank amount of water, I just added this routine on top of my life. “So in about nine days I lost 2lbs,” Keegan revealed. Another YouTuber called Mr Samuel has gathered nearly 15,000 views on his video where he reveals his 12330 weight loss results. He called it a “slow and steady approach to cardio” and at the beginning of the challenge, he weighed 11.4 stone (160lbs) and after eight weeks, he weighed 10.5 stone (147lbs). “That’s 12lbs in the last eight weeks,” Mr Samuel said which is 0.8 stone. So what’s so great about the 12330 treadmill workout? If you’re someone who normally avoids the gym, or feels uncomfortable when in a gym setting, it’s a great place to start your fitness journey. One positive about the trend is the steady low impact training which will burn fat without stressing your joints. But, for best results, it needs to be combined with a reduced calorie diet, or calorie deficit, to help shift the pounds. And the workout needs to be done three to four times a week.