Mould in wardrobes can permanently damage items of clothing, shoes and even bags. Not only can mould leave an unpleasant, powdery substance but it can also leave behind a musty smell. Experts at bedroom furniture company Instrument Furniture have shared how to remove and prevent mould in wardrobes. The furniture and cleaning pros have also shared how to prevent a build up of the unpleasant fungi in the first place using white vinegar. Mould is a type of fungi that thrives in damp and poorly ventilated spaces. It can often vary in colour but is most commonly black, grey or green. If left untreated, mould can reproduce and grow quickly. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  Mould should be removed quickly as it can cause headaches, asthma and other illnesses. Mould in wardrobes might sound unusual but high humidity and the presence of water can create the perfect environment for it to thrive. Wardrobes placed against walls are particularly at risk as they can be affected by leaking pipes or even leaks in roofs and lofts. Homes with high humidity are at a higher risk of having mould, especially if the wardrobe has poor ventilation. Homeowners should first try and find the cause of the mould so they can stop the moisture causing further mould growth. Once the source has been rectified, the mould can then be cleaned. DON'T MISSLaundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [INSIGHT]Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [UPDATE]Garden weeds: Use Epsom salt to ‘effectively’ kill weeds - ‘amazing!’ [ANALYSIS] Ready-made products are available to remove mould, however, these could have an impact on certain materials. Instead, a solution of equal parts warm water and white vinegar can be used. The experts advised: “Be sure to wring out the cloth so that is damp to the touch and not dripping with excess. “This will remove the top layer of mould, so the next step is to kill any spores which may have penetrated the wood. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Do this by wiping pure white vinegar over the surface and leaving it to dry. “Once the vinegar has dried, wipe over it with cold water and dry with a towel.” The experts at Instrument Furniture said it’s important for wardrobes and the room to be well-ventilated. In the warmer, more humid months homeowners may need to invest in a dehumidifier. To add ventilation to the wardrobe, vent can be added.  The experts explained: “It is also useful to store your clothes in a way which allows airflow between them. “If they’re packed tightly, mould may grow because of the low air circulation. “Wardrobes with separate compartments for storage may be worth looking into. “After washing your clothes, don’t put them away until they have completely dried. “Damp clothes can attract mould which can then spread through your wardrobe.”