Thursday’s This Morning had been going without a hitch as Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby delivered the ITV show’s usual blend of topical conversations, competitions and star-studded interviews. However, when the show returned from an advert break as it approached the midday mark, Holly and Phillip’s live broadcast was replaced by a pre-recorded compilation of best bits. Regarding the off-air switch, This Morning said on Twitter: "We apologise for the break in live programming today. "We are currently running pre-recorded content and hope to be back with you soon." It was reported to be a result of Television Centre being evacuated. A spokesperson for ITV said: "Due to a suspected security alert, the building which ITV daytime broadcast from was safely evacuated. The issue has been resolved and staff have returned to the building following the all clear from the police. We apologise for the interruption to the schedule and we have now returned to normal programming." Nearby stations Wood Lane and White City have also been shut, with TfL confirming all services have been stopped. READ MORE: Richard Madeley sparks uproar again with Ukraine joke It tweeted: "White City and Wood Lane stations closed: While the police respond to a security alert outside the station." Following This Morning's announcement on Twitter, dozens of viewers sent their messages of support. Social media user @Charlie__Tweets replied: “Hope everything is okay!" While @leedsgal1 pointed out: “Well it's not just this morning, loose women aswell hope everything is ok."  “Hope everyone is safe and well!!" @LP817060406 echoed while Lisa Leviton commented: “Hope everyone is safe xxx." And @Ben4Eva added: “Hope everyone is ok and safe,” followed by a love heart emoji. (sic) This Morning wasn't the only show affected by the last-minute shake-up as Loose Women which followed at 12:30pm was also a look back at some of the host's earlier years rather than a live broadcast. The Loose Women Twitter account also penned a statement on social media to address its live show being pulled. DON'T MISS:Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? [SPOILER]Emmerdale star Alexander Lincoln talks soap's 'intense' 11-hour days [QUOTES]Cancel Dad's Army? You're having a laugh - VIRGINIA BLACKBURN [OPINION] It read: "We apologise for the break in live programming today. We are currently running pre-recorded content and hope to be back with you soon." Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Discussing the situation near Television Centre, a Met Police spokesperson said in a statement: "At 11:14hrs on Thursday, March 10, police were called to reports of a security alert at Wood Lane, White City. "It was reported a suspicious item had been discovered.  "The area was evacuated as a precaution and White City and Wood Lane tube stations were temporarily closed. "The incident was stood down shortly before 12:49hrs. "An investigation is ongoing," it concluded. This Morning continues weekdays at 10am on ITV.