Manchester United want their next manager to ‘imbue the club with a strong playing identity’, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is now their No 1 target to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick this summer, despite Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique all being linked. And any move for the Dutchman could come before the end of the campaign after he recently held talks with the Red Devils hierarchy. Manchester United didn’t expect to be looking for another manager so soon after giving Ole Gunnar Solskjaer a three-year extension back in the summer. However, the Red Devils are now back to square one after experiencing a nightmare campaign so far - with their hopes of winning the Premier League, Champions League, Carabao Cup and FA Cup already over. When United axed Solskjaer in November, less than a full 24 hours after a torrid 4-1 defeat to Watford, Rangnick was hired as the Norwegian’s interim replacement. The 63-year-old has been unable to prevent their season from going bad to worse, however, and he’s not in the frame to secure the post permanently this summer. Instead, it’s Ten Hag who is now leading the charge to become the next manager of United having impressed throughout his five years at Ajax. According to The Times, the Red Devils want their next manager to have a clear playing style - something they’ve lacked in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson walked away in 2013. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Louis van Gaal was perhaps the only exception though the Dutchman’s possession-based game didn’t meet expectations, with goals hard to come by. The publication says that Ten Hag, during his job interview, explained the style that he’d hope to implement over at Old Trafford. And that’s now given him the edge. United feel other candidates would rather throw plenty of money at the squad in order to improve it, rather than use a style or regime to turn their fortunes around. Thomas Tuchel is said to tick every box United need but they believe it’s impossible to lure the Chelsea boss away from Stamford Bridge, despite the chaos currently engulfing the club. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United are adamant it’s too early to talk about favourites for the job at this stage. However, it’s noted they may have to act quickly to bring in Ten Hag with the 52-year-old also attracting interest from the Bundesliga. Pochettino is one alternative United have in mind and they’re keen to talk to the Argentine, who they’ve admired ever since his time at Southampton. Enrique won the treble at Barcelona back in 2015 and has done well as Spain boss but, with the World Cup creeping closer, it’s hard to see him leaving his current post. And while Lopetegui has rebuilt his career at Sevilla, his dire time at Real Madrid is likely to count against him. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Should Ten Hag take over United, he’ll become their fifth permanent manager in the time since Ferguson stepped down in 2013. David Moyes was the first, with the Scot lasting just 10 months despite being given a six-year contract by the Glazer family. Van Gaal then came in yet, though he won the FA Cup, he was relieved of his duties in 2016 having failed to clinch Champions League qualification. Jose Mourinho won two trophies right away at United but, in December 2018, was dismissed after losing the support of key figures both in and out of the dressing room. And though Solskjaer looked on course to bring the glory days back for a brief time, the Norwegian arguably never had the credentials for the role in the first place. United chief John Murtough, meanwhile, opened up on their pursuit of a new boss earlier this month. And he made it clear the Red Devils were examining all their options as they look to emerge as a domestic and European force again. “We know that consistency is key as we strive for a top-four finish this season,” he said. “I want to reiterate however that this is not the ultimate objective for Manchester United, and everyone at the club is focused on challenging for the top trophies. “We are now conducting a thorough process for the appointment of a new permanent manager who will take charge this summer, with the objective to get us back to challenging for those domestic and European titles.”