Budding entrepreneur Matt and his business partner Melody decided to showcase their business, Toucan, to the panel in the latest series of Dragons’ Den. Matt, the CEO and Melody, head of product, set up Toucan to make it easier for people to donate to different charities. While in the Den, the duo asked the Dragons for £85,000 in return for a three percent stake in their business.  At the time, all five Dragons seemed to show interest in the business, however, they weren't keen on Matt's offer of a three percent stake. So, in an unexpected turn of events, Peter Jones gave Matt and Melody a rather rare offer.   The businessman proposed a five-way deal between himself and his fellow Dragons.   However, with his eye on newcomer Steve Bartlett, Matt decided to turn down Peter’s offer and turned to Steven to see if he would offer a counteroffer.   READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set?    The budding entrepreneur was successful in his pitch and Steven agreed to a seven percent stake in the business. Viewers only saw a snippet of what went on in the Den, although, in an exclusive with Express.co.uk, Matt admitted they were there for a lot longer.   He went on to explain what scenes didn’t quite make the final edit of the episode.   “We were in there for a long time,” Matt began as he detailed what else happened during the pitch.     The businessman continued: “We talked about what we're doing and about our vision in trying to create this world where giving is second nature. “Ultimately, you're asked lots of questions by the Dragons. "There are lots and lots of questions because they're there to make an investment decision, and obviously, it was my job to get an offer.” Speaking about why he rejected Peter’s initial offer, Matt said he’d had a plan to get Steven on board before even stepping foot inside the Den. DON'T MISS...Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [INSIGHT]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [NEWS]Death in Paradise’s Neville Parker sparks unlikely romance? [SPOILERS] He explained: “The question everyone is asking me, is ‘why did you turn down four Dragons and why were you so intent on getting Steven?’ “There are three really simple reasons for that. Number one, from a personal point of principle, I wanted to have conviction in my decision for entering the Den. “Number two, I had a belief that the strong focus of one Dragon is better than coordinating, or trying to coordinate five perhaps with all different visions of the product as well. “And thirdly, Toucan is about acquiring donors, and who else is better in the country at acquiring users through digital means than Steven Bartlett.”    “So, in my mind, it was always all about Steven and I don't regret the decision for a second,” the Toucan owner admitted. Following his appearance on the show, Matt recalled Steven giving him some advice about his business. "One of the best bits of advice is Steven is a specialist and building communities," Matt added. "And what we're doing here, is we're building a community of givers to amplify the good work by charities, and he's talked us through how to do that.” Dragons Den airs on Thursday at 8pm on BBC One. 