Prue Leith, 82, has spoken up about why she wasn’t given her damehood from a member of the Royal Family. She added that the Royals are “really good at politeness". Prue recently announced that she will be appointed her damehood near her Oxfordshire home. The TV chef explained that she was presented with three options when told about the honour. She said  they told her she could either be awarded with a damehood via a Royal at the palace which could take years, or from her local “Lord Lieutenant of Oxfordshire". She then said  they also told her she could have it by post. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty addresses BBC Breakfast absence as she slams backlash Prue explained to The Mirror earlier today: “They're really good at politeness. It amounted to this, if you put it in bold language: “We have so many Knights and Dames and CBES and OBEs to get through that if you want to be done by a Royal at one of the palaces, it's going to take years. “But you could be Damed by your local Lord ­Lieutenant of Oxfordshire or something. Or you can have it by post'." She added that she decided on the first option. The star said: “I decided on the Oxfordshire route because I thought it’s a good excuse for a party." She added that her ­Lieutenant of Oxfordshire seemed like a nice woman". The Great British Bake Off judge said that she wanted to get her own coat of arms when she is made a dame this summer. She teased during the interview that she would have a spoon and spectacles on the crest. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [INSIGHT]Ricky Gervais battles woke cancel culture with controversial new show [ANALYSIS]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss [UPDATE] The writer was given the honour of a damehood last June during the Queen’s birthday honours. She will be made a dame for services to food, broadcasting and charity. Prue said she was given a very “polite letter” telling her she had been given a date in May. Explaining her feelings about the coat of arms, she said that she was “tempted” but is scared that she’ll think it to be a “ridiculous waste of money". Prue is currently on-screen alongside Paul Hollywood for a celebrity version of GBBO for Stand Up To Cancer. She said the celebrity version was a bit more relaxed as she could go and help the stars when they were doing something “which is just so wrong". Prue added that in the normal Bake Off you “couldn’t help them” but in Celebrity “you could go and help them a bit". The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer airs Tuesdays at 8pm on Channel 4.