Piers Morgan, 56, has weighed in on the Duchess of Sussex’s new Spotify series, Archetypes. The podcast, hosted by Meghan Markle, will see her speak to experts, historians and women who have suffered being branded with "labels that hold women back” in order to explore the issue. Meghan unveiled the podcast on Thursday, and it didn’t take long before Piers shared his thoughts. Tweeting in view of his 7.9m followers, Piers reposted an article from ITV Royal Editor, Chris Ship, who said: “Meghan Markle’s first Spotify podcast to 'explore labels that hold women back'.” Piers responded with a series of laughing emojis and scoffed: “Is ‘Princess Pinocchio’ one of them?” As is often the case, Piers’ tweet divided users, with some agreeing, while others jumped to Meghan’s defence. READ MORE:Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' User @Canuckabroad quipped: “Comedy gold!” And Peter concurred: “I can’t imagine how terrible that podcast will be.” While RUA said: “Will she talk about how complaining is toxic to you and everyone around you? And how the public airing of family dirty laundry doesn’t help anyone get ahead?” On the other side of the argument, Mickey fumed that Piers was “obsessed”, saying: “I thought we agreed that constantly going after a female of colour really isn’t a good look for you Piers? I get that obsessions can be hard to kick, but it really is time.” Pierre urged: “Ah Morgan, get over her. She got over you. Put it behind you, move on, and be happy.” And LMaree remarked: “Why was it never ‘Prince Pinocchio’ when Andrew told all those ridiculous lies about sweating etc?” In a trailer released by Archewell Audio, Meghan said: “This is how we talk about women. “The words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us… but where do these stereotypes come from? And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives? DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton pole dances in Spain after breakup[NEWS]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal[LATEST]Piers Morgan 'more likely to host Meghan's birthday party' says son[INSIGHT] “I am Meghan, and this is Archetypes- the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. “I’ll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives. “And I’ll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place.” Archetypes will launch this summer and will only be available on Spotify. Meghan and Prince Harry signed a deal with the streaming platform in late 2020, which is estimated to be worth around £18m. Since then, the couple had only released one episode, a holiday special in December that year, which featured their son Archie and celebrity guests including Elton John, James Corden and Tyler Perry. The delay in new content coincided with the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s concerns about the spread of misinformation on the platform amid the Joe Rogan controversy. As a result, Spotify placed content warnings on podcasts that feature discussion about Covid. Announcing Archetypes, Spotify and Archewell Audio said in a statement: "Spotify and Archewell Audio both value responsible stewardship of the audio landscape, and as explained recently, are committed to working closely to support transparency and strong principles of trust and safety."