Unforgotten returned for a fourth outing in February 2021 with DCI Cassie Stewart (played by Nicola Walker) and DI Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) returning to crack another cold case. The ITV crime drama saw them delve into a murder case from the 1990s which left everyone scratching their heads. But it wasn't the investigation itself which had viewers stunned. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Unforgotten.Cassie was taken into hospital after she was involved in a car crash but the doctors said she was going to make a recovery. However, later on it was discovered that she had a serious brain injury which meant she was never going to wake up and so her life support was turned off. Sunny and her family were devastated and fans found out it was purely an accident since she wasn't concentrating on the road, continuously checking her phone to see if her dad got back to her. Viewers were gutted by this unexpected finale but now there are talks of who will replace her in the next season. READ MORE: Unforgotten star Peter Egan 'heartbroken' as wife Myra dies of cancer ITV has confirmed that Unforgotten will not end just because actress Walker is not in the show. There will be a series five on the way and a spokesperson also confirmed there will be a new star in the new series. An ITV spokesperson said: "ITV would like to thank Nicola Walker for playing the brilliant role of Cassie Stuart in four series of Unforgotten which has become one of the best-loved and most critically acclaimed police dramas on TV. "Nicola and writer Chris Lang decided that Cassie's story would come to an end last night, but that Unforgotten would continue, in series 5, with a new case, and a new 'Partner in Crime' for DI Sunny Khan." On Tuesday, March 15, ITV announced that Little Boy Blue actress Sinéad Keenan will be taking over Walker's role as the lead in Unforgotten. She is going to play DCI Jessica James and begins filming the new series later this month. Keenan has previously starred ini Doctor Who, BBC Three's Three Families, Deep Water, Lip Service and Being Human. Most recently, she was in BBC drama Showtrial as DI Paula Cassidy last year.  DON'T MISS...Unforgotten season 4 ending explained [EXPLAINER]Why did Nicola Walker leave Unforgotten? [CAST]Unforgotten season 5 release date: Will there be another series?  [RELEASE DATE] In a statement, Keenan said: "I have long been an admirer of Chris Lang's work so I am absolutely delighted to be joining the Unforgotten team. "I'm very much looking forward to working with the extraordinary cast led by the brilliant and incredibly lovely, Sanjeev Bhaskar. "And I’m hoping that if I play my cards right I might even get to take a peek in Sunny's backpack!" As of yet, a start date for season five hasn't been announced but it is expected to premiere later this year.  The synopsis for the upcoming series reads: "How will the ghost of much-loved former colleague Cassie Stuart haunt her? "After all, Cassie will be big shoes for her to fill. "Does she have the resolve, professionalism and spirit to live up to her much-admired and respected predecessor? "Jess's first case is the discovery of human remains in a newly renovated period property in Hammersmith, London. "But how long have they been there and is this a murder dating back to the 1930s or has the body been disposed of in more recent times?" Unforgotten is available to watch on ITV Hub.