Volodymyr Zelensky's predecessor said "zero" Britons had died because of the Brexit vote while thousands of Ukrainians have lost their lives since Russia launched its invasion. Petro Poroshenko called on Boris Johnson to "please" avoid making comparisons between his country's struggle for freedom and the UK voting to leave the European Union. Asked about Boris Johnson recently drawing a parallel between the two, Mr Poroshenko told ITV News: "Only today we have 150 Ukrainian children who were killed by Russian soldiers and Russian artillery. "Can I ask you how many houses were destroyed because of Brexit? We have whole cities that have been completely destroyed. "With this situation, please, no comparison." The stern appeal comes after the Prime Minister faced backlash for comparing Britons' desire to break out from the European Union with Ukraine's fight for freedom. Addressing the Conservatives' Spring Conference, Mr Johnson said: "I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom every time. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. "When the British people voted for Brexit in such large numbers I don't believe it was remotely because they were remotely hostile to foreigners - it was because they wanted to be free." Despite the criticism, Mr Johnson has repeatedly denied attempting to draw a parallel between the two events. A spokesman for the Prime Minister said on Monday: "As the prime minister's speech made clear, there was not a direct comparison made between fighting in Ukraine. READ MORE: Khan 'blindsided' by Putin: Pakistan left in cold after botched bid to 'outflank' India "As the chancellor (Rishi Sunak) said, they are not directly analogous. He was making observations about people's desire for freedom. "It is worth noting that the Ukrainian ambassador was in the audience at the time and gave a standing ovation at the end of the speech, and he tweeted his thanks to the prime minister." Former European Council president Donald Tusk said Mr Johnson's words "offend Ukrainians, the British and common sense". Mr Tusk, a former Polish prime minister who was leader of the European Council during the majority of Brexit negotiations, said: "Boris Johnson likens Ukrainians' fight to British people voting for Brexit. DON'T MISS UK to launch first power station in SPACE [REVEAL] Germany blocks West from scuppering Putin's energy ties [INSIGHT] Putin blinks first: Bumper gas supplies sent to EU [REPORT] "I can still remember the enthusiasm of Putin and Trump after the referendum. Boris, your words offend Ukrainians, the British and common sense." And Lord Barwell, Theresa May's former chief of staff, said voting in the 2016 referendum "isn't in any way comparable with risking your life" in a war with Vladimir Putin's forces. Writing on Twitter, the Conservative peer said: "Apart from the bit where voting in a free and fair referendum isn't in any way comparable with risking your life to defend your country against invasion + the awkward fact the Ukrainians are fighting for the freedom to join the EU, this comparison is bang on."