Mr Fox sat down to speak about the possible weapons Russian President Vladimir Putin could deploy. Putin has threatened to use nuclear warfare against any opposition if he deems it necessary. The Russian president has also been reported to be using thermobaric weapons in certain areas of Ukraine, sparking widespread denunciation due to the suffering they inflict on civilians.  The Defence Editor at the Evening Standard told GB News: "If it's intercontinental if it's strategic I think we more or less know and would know... "Why have we been spending all this money on nuclear deterrents, so-called, we would know about that. "The worry... we have all discussed before, the battlefield, if it goes rogue. "But again I'm much more worried about battlefield gas and chemical, than nuclear. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  Mr Fox added: "And I think that's what the rogue element... But you hope that a professional soldier would say, what the hell are we up to. "I wonder how many are actually saying that. "Because a lot of the SFB traffic picked up by Bellingcat said, no we weren't told it was like this at all. "We weren't told we were invading, we weren't told it was a war, we were told it was a peacekeeping operation or whatever. READ MORE: BBC analysis reveals the REAL reason Putin invaded Ukraine    Mr Fox added: "And it's taking a long time to erode that trust, but it is beginning to happen. "And it isn't mobile phones, it's going to be things like the BBC Overseas Service, short wave." Mr Holmes said: "And they're broadcasting into Russia?" Mr Fox said: "Into Russia, they've gone back to the old figures when I was in the field. "We had little Sony listening to the short wave which they'd more or less stopped, now they've jacked that up again, its a very important part of the information war." DON’T MISS: Cornered Putin planning to 'break Ukrainian spirit' with vicious weapons, ex-defence bossPutin 'preparing nuclear facilities' for some areas to survive amid fears of WW3Putin warning: Russia to 'turn the lights out' for Ukraine after taking power plant    According to The Telegraph, Western Government officials have previously warned that the use of TOS-1 "Buratino" and TOS-1A "Solntsepek" weapons will lead to “indiscriminate violence." Putin has used thermobaric weapons and cluster bombs so far, but the thought of nuclear warfare is still worrying for many. British Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: "This is predominantly about Putin putting it on the table just to remind people, remind the world, that he has a deterrent. "We will not do anything to escalate in that area, we will not do anything to feed any miscalculation, we take it very, very seriously. "But at the moment this is a battle of rhetoric that President Putin is deploying, and we just have to make sure we manage it properly."   