Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has warned their rivals the Silver Arrows will “not rest” until they are “back in the mix”. Wolff has admitted it is “extremely painful” to not be battling at the sharp end of the field. The German manufacturer has struggled for pace in 2022 with neither Lewis Hamilton or George Russell able to challenge for pole positions and wins. Hamilton lucked into a podium in Bahrain after a double Red Bull retirement but could only manage one point in Saudi Arabia. Russell backed up his fourth in Sakhir with a fifth in Jeddah, keeping Mercedes second in the Constructor's Championship after two rounds. Wolff said: “We have the luxury of being right in those fun games for the last eight years." He added: “But on the other side it is extremely painful to not be part of those fun games and [missing] quite a chunk lap time deficit. “We’re not going to rest until we’re back in the mix. But you’re absolutely right, it’s no fun at all. READ MORE: FIA blamed for costing Lewis Hamilton points in Saudi Arabian GP “[It’s] an exercise in humility and it’s going to make us stronger at the end, even though it’s not fun right now.” Mercedes have dominated F1’s turbo-hybrid era since 2014, winning eight Constructors' Championships in a row. The team have won seven driver's titles in this period, only missing out on one to Max Verstappen last year. Despite Mercedes' struggles, Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has refused to talk down their chances for 2022. DON'T MISSMercedes could bring upgrade to Australian Grand Prix [INSIGHT]Mercedes make a massive prediction about Lewis Hamilton's 2022 car [ANALYSIS]Mercedes boss Toto Wolff reveals Lewis Hamilton regret after Saudi GP [COMMENT] mercedes He warned the development race “is going to be fast” and predicted the Silver Arrows would “bounce back very quickly”. He said: “I think when you watch their car on circuit it obviously doesn’t look easy for their drivers at the moment, but what we do know is their ability to bounce back. I mean, they’ve had difficult pre-seasons before and then gone and won the first race. “So I think until we’ve seen… a sample of three or four races, you’re not going to get a true picture of form and, of course, with the regulations being so immature, the development rate is going to be fast, it’s going to be steep, and of course a team like Mercedes – with the strength and depth that they have – will bounce back very, very quickly if they are on the back foot.”