Labour MP Grahame Morris challenged Boris Johnson to explain the cap difference as Britons report struggling with the increasing burden of energy bills. The country has been experiencing a challenging cost of living crisis, compounded by the incoming Nationa Insurance contribution rise and the ongoing war in Ukraine. Speaking at Prime Minister's Questions, Mr Morris said: "In addition to the increase in fuel prices, our constituents are reporting to us that the energy companies are doubling standing changers.  "In France, energy supply company EDF has had energy price rises to domestic costumers capped at 4 percent. "But this Government's price cap allows EDF to increase prices to UK costumers by 54 percent. My question is why?" The Prime Minister said: "We have an overall cap and, obviously, EDF is incorporated differently in the UK from its incorporation in France. "But we will do everything in our power to abate the costs of energy across the country as we already are. LIVE BLOG -'This is the damage YOU did!' Boris skewers Keir after attack on energy bills "But what it needs is a short term, medium-term, and long term energy strategy so that we have sustainable supplies." Mr Johnson refused to back down on tax increases set to be implemented next month despite the worsening cost of living crisis. The Prime Minister said a "U-turn is the last thing we want" when pressed over prospective £700 increase to typical energy bills. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer called for a "windfall tax" on the profits of gas and oil firms to generate further funds to help working families. READ MORE: 'Pumps won't cool!' Urgent nuclear warning after Russia sparks total blackout at Chernobyl The Labour leader said: "The big gamble behind that policy was that energy costs would drop quickly after a short spike. "That bet now looks certain to fail. When will the Prime Minister force the Chancellor into a U-turn?" The Government will give all 28 million households in Britain a £200 up-front rebate on their energy bills from October. This will be recouped by hiking bills by £40 per year over five years from 2023. DON'T MISS: Indian doctor refuses to leave panther and jaguar behind in Ukraine [VIDEO]Priti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' over Calais chaos [INSIGHT]Michael Portillo savages EU 'Made themselves dependent on Russia' [COMMENT] Chancellor Rishi Sunak has also promised a £150 council tax rebate for homes in bands A to D. The Prime Minister hit back: "The Chancellor has set out plans to help families with energy costs with unprecedented measures to abate council tax by £150 in addition to all the other schemes that we are putting forward. "Yes, he's absolutely right that we need to meet the long-term impacts of the spike in energy prices. "And that's why I will be setting out an energy independence plan for this country in the course of the next few days to ensure that we undo some of the damage of previous decisions taken, not least by the Labour government not to invest in nuclear, and so that we prepare our people for the long term and its sustainable, cost-efficient energy supply."