Tess Robison, 41, from South Shields in Tyne and Wear said her chihuahua Lola was behaving strangely for days. Her pet stared at her, kept smelling her breath, then jumped on her stomach. Soon after, a lump appeared which prompted her to see a doctor and she was diagnosed with stage 3 low-grade serous carcinoma (LGSC) in January 2021. Ms Robison said if Lola had not jumped on her stomach her ovarian cancer may have gone undetected for longer. She told Chronicle Live: "For about ten days in the run-up to Christmas in 2020, Lola just wouldn’t leave me alone and kept smelling my breath at every opportunity. "She was just staring at me which was not normal. "Someone even asked: 'What's wrong with your dog, why is she just staring at you?' "I’m convinced she was trying to tell me something, but it was only when she jumped on my tummy that I realised something was wrong. "Literally two days after she jumped on my stomach, a lump appeared. "I thought that's not good, that shouldn't be there so I made an appointment with my doctor. READ MORE: Heartbreak as 'smashing' dog still not adopted after 500 days "I didn't feel unwell I was just bloated and had a bad back. I looked four months pregnant!" Last March, Ms Robison underwent a 12-hour operation to have a full hysterectomy. During the surgery, it was found the cancer had spread to her bowel and she subsequently had chemotherapy which was successful. Ms Robison said she now feels "reborn", adding: "I never used to go out but now I'm doing everything I ever wanted to do. Life is for living and that's what I'm going to do." DON'T MISSCancer breakthrough: The common drug ‘shown to inhibit cancer growth' [INSIGHT]Cancer: Two habits that could increase your risk by ’30 times’ [ANALYSIS]Linda Nolan inundated with support amid cancer battle ‘An inspiration' [VIDEO] Ms Robison praised her pet for saving her life. She said: "I owe my life to Lola because she clearly knew something was wrong, and because of her I was able to seek medical help sooner. "Lola literally saved my life, I'm so grateful for her. If I had left it any longer I may not be here today." Additional reporting by Sophie Finnegan.