A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman, 46, has arrived in Spain for a photoshoot and met her co-star Laura Hamilton, 39, at the airport. Jasmine took to her Instagram story to inform her followers that the pair were "going [their] separate ways" for the rest of their holiday. Jasmine posted the update to Instagram in view of her 102,000 followers. In the video, Jasmine can be seen smiling at the camera, while Laura is sitting with her car door open. Jasmine told viewers: "So, Laura and I have arrived in Alicante. We're going our separate ways to our separate shoots. "Where are you off to?" READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma Laura replied: "I am heading up towards Javea and Denia but I'm not actually filming as far as there. "So I'm about half an hour away from Alicante." Jasmine continued: "And I'm going to San Pedro del Pinatar. So good luck!" Laura then spoke about the "cute little cars" they were using for the trip. Jasmine remarked: "Yep, tiny. Can hardly fit my suitcase in the boot. But have a great shoot. Keep me posted!" Laura joined A Place in the Sun in 2012, while Jasmine has been on the show since it first aired in 2004. Jasmine took to Instagram yesterday to share some filming issues after suffering problems with her dress. She shared a series of snaps to her social media account where she could be seen being blown by the wind by the seaside. DON'T MISS... Christopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair' [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan slams 'little twerp' Prince Harry for 'bleating' amid war [OPINION] Maggie Fox dead: Coronation Street actress dies in 'sudden accident' [DEATH] Appearing in two snaps, the broadcaster pulled a grimace and she appeared to be battered by the elements. She looked amazing in a red coat and blue and white patterned dress that featured a rather high leg slit. Jasmine penned: "Embracing the weather, even when it causes a slight wardrobe malfunction!" She added a few tags: "#atleastitsnotraining #aplaceinthewind #gonewiththewind." She was inundated with responses from her followers after sharing the update. Stevewelhamclarke penned: "Love La Zenia Beach, maybe not when it’s that windy however!!" Jenny_anne_scott commented: "I live here. Yes the weather is cold wet and windy today." While Kieron.doherty penned: "Looks absolutely freezing."