With less than two months of the season left, the race for fourth is heating up between three Premier League heavyweights. Arsenal, Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur are battling for Champions League qualification heading into the highly anticipated run-in. After the international break, United and Tottenham have nine games, Arsenal 10, to show they're worthy of standing amongst Europe's elite. Express Sport analyses all three club's remaining fixtures, giving each run-in a grade of A, B or C based on difficulty. Arsenal are comfortably the best-placed team to finish fourth in the Premier League this season. Mikel Arteta's side lead Tottenham by three points and United by four, still holding a game in hand over both. However, the Gunners' run-in is the toughest on paper. They still have to travel to third-place Chelsea, seventh-place West Ham United and top-four rivals Tottenham. Add those away tests to hosting United at the Emirates Stadium, and that's almost half of their run-in against fellow top-seven outfits. Arsenal also face potential banana skins to navigate past at Crystal Palace, Southampton and Newcastle United, whose current resurgence makes them more of a threat than their 14th-place position suggests. Home games against Brighton & Hove Albion, Leeds United and Everton will be considered must-win. Arsenal's final 10... A - Crystal Palace (12th) H - Brighton & Hove Albion (13th) A - Southampton (11th) A - Chelsea (3rd) H - Manchester United (6th) A - West Ham United (7th) H - Leeds United (16th) A - Newcastle United (14th) H - Everton (17th) A - Tottenham Hotspur (5th) JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte given cause for concern by Argentina's Romero call Tottenham, on paper, have the most straightforward run-in and are currently Arsenal's closest challengers. Antonio Conte's men face a daunting trip to Liverpool and host Arsenal in a true six-pointer, but apart from that, they clash with no other teams currently in the top eight. Other than the Gunners, Newcastle, Brighton, Leicester and Burnley also visit the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Away games at relegation-threatened Brentford and Norwich City are must-win affairs, but their fixture on the road at Aston Villa will be more tricky. Tottenham Hotspur's final 9... H - Newcastle United (14th) A - Aston Villa (9th) H - Brighton & Hove Albion (13th) A - Brentford (15th) H - Leicester City (10th) A - Liverpool (2nd) H - Burnley (19th) A - Norwich City (20th) H - Arsenal (4th) READ MORE: Paulo Dybala admission made by Juventus coach amid Liverpool interest Manchester United were almost certainties to maintain their Champions League status at the start of the season, but a disastrous campaign has plunged them into a real fight. And league positions suggest the Red Devils' fixtures are between Arsenal and Spurs' based on difficulty. United still have to go to Anfield in a rescheduled grudge match just days before travelling to Arsenal in a game with significant stakes. Just four of their remaining nine are at Old Trafford, hosting Leicester, Norwich, Brentford and Chelsea on the penultimate weekend. But Ralf Rangnick's side's top-four challenge will come down to their performances away from home. As well as Liverpool and Arsenal, United land at an always-hostile Goodison Park to face Everton, play Brighton at the Amex Stadium and square off against Patrick Viera's dangerous Crystal Palace on the final day. Manchester United's final 9... H - Leicester City (10th) A - Everton (17th) H - Norwich City (20th) A - Liverpool (2nd) A - Arsenal (4th) H - Brentford (15th) A - Brighton & Hove Albion (13th) H - Chelsea (3rd) A - Crystal Palace (12th) Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.