Rosie Marcel, who has played Jac Naylor on Holby CIty since 2005, has shared her love for the show and her colleagues ahead of the final episode airing on BBC One. Marking the occasion with some sweet snaps, the actor gushed over co-stars Bob Barrett, who plays Sacha Levy, and Paul Bradley, who starred as Elliot Hope on her social media page. Reaching out to her 83.8k followers on Instagram, the TV actor wrote: “These are a few of my favourite things." Posting a series of photos with her cast mates, she penned: “Well peeps. Does that work?? The gorgeous Bob who will always be my dearest friend. “The incredible @ptjb for just being him and that means being incredibly supportive and loving. And Alex Walkinshaw. Couldn’t have done it without him.” "Last video was to @msjomartin I was detailing a recipe created by @valetta86 my cousin for her Christmas dinner and getting it wrong. READ MORE:'Not graphic biology' Bridgerton star hits back at sex scene criticis “You can tell by Alex’s face that I’d been going on for some time!! “I’ll be dumping a lot of holby pictures for the next few days/weeks on here. “I’ll also be sharing details of our big holby raffle with @thepackprojectuk soon! “Hope you all enjoy tonight. @bbcholbycity #finalepisode #goodbye #holbycity,” Rosie told her followers. Soon after, the post was flooded with comments from Holby City fans who shared their disappointment over the series ending. One fan, ellehcim6691 wrote: “Can’t believe it’s the last ever episode, they should of cancelled Casualty instead, it’s so boring nowadays, Holby was brilliant every week, maybe they should of asked the viewers.” karenregester echoed: “I’m still not ready for the end. Hoping it's some kind of April fools.joke.” sue.casey weighed in: “Dreading the final credit role tonight. How can the BBC make such a BIG mistake? Thank you for keeping us entertained over the years." They added: “We are sure gonna miss you. Good luck to you all for whatever the future holds. Last year, the BBC announced Holby City would be coming to an end after 23 years in a statement shared online. They explained: “We are incredibly proud of Holby City but it’s with great sadness that we are announcing that after 23 years, the show will end on screen in March of next year. “We sometimes have to make difficult decisions to make room for new opportunities and as part of the BBC’s commitment to making more programmes across the UK. DON'T MISS...  “We have taken the difficult decision to bring the show to a close in order to reshape the BBC’s drama slate to better reflect, represent and serve all parts of the country. How the soap will end remains to be seen, but it's fair to say it will be an emotional farewell and viewers will be left with a Holby City shaped hole in their hearts. Holby City concludes on BBC One tonight at 7.50pm 