German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has signed a long term energy deal with Qatar, as the country looks to reduce its reliance on Russian gas. This move is a major blow to Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, as oil and gas make the largest share of Moscow’s exports to the rest of the world. Germany is the EU’s largest economy and is particularly vulnerable as it relies on Russia for around 40 percent of its gas imports. Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine, German Economy Minister Robert Habeck launched several initiatives to reduce Berlin’s energy dependence on Russia. Accompanied by German business leaders, Mr Habeck announced the deal after signing the deal in Doha. He said: “It is great that I can say it was firmly agreed to enter into a long-term energy partnership – a cooperation.  “The companies that are now involved in this journey will enter into contract negotiations with the Qatari side.” A spokesperson from the German economy ministry also confirmed the deal, saying: “The companies that have come to Qatar with (Mr Habeck) will now enter into contract negotiations with the Qatari side.” In a statement, Qatar said that it agreed with Germany that “their respective commercial entities would re-engage and progress discussions on long term LNG supplies”. Qatar is the world’s third-largest natural gas exporter, after Russia and the US, supplying 143700 million cubic metres of gas. READ MORE: Germany pays Ukraine-invading Russia £3.7 million per hour Together, the three countries make up 40 percent of the global exports of natural gas, according to the organisation of petroleum exporting countries. Germany is desperately trying to free itself from Russian reliance on energy, as fears grow that Putin will unleash his fury on Germany by suspending westbound gas flowing through a key pipeline. Worrying data from last week showed that the Poland-Germany border appears to show that Moscow is suspending gas flowing through the Yamal-Europe pipeline. The 2.500-mile-long pipe connects Russia with Poland and Germany, through Belarus. According to the data, gas supplies fell to just 939,809 kilowatt-hours per hour (kWh/h) from around 11.5 million kWh/h. DON'T MISS: Putin sent horror warning over next Ukraine move: 'WW3!'  [REVEAL] Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears  [INSIGHT] UK to become 'major exporter' as FIVE sites set for 'world-first' tech  [MAPPED]   Gas pipelines flowing from Russia