Following the Spring Statement, Britons may be able to get a better idea for their financial situation and just how much trouble they may be in by the end of the year. With less than a week until the tax year end, Jason Hollands, managing director at investing platform Bestinvest, shared his top five tactics for tackling taxes as the year end nears five tips Britons could put to work. There are a range of allowances provided for inheritance tax, namely gifting allowance which change depending on the relationship to the one receiving the gift and the reason for it. Gifts to a civil partner or spouse whose permanent home is in the UK can be gifted up to £3,000 each tax year or carried over for a total of £6,000. There is an unlimited number of gifts that can be given to any number of people worth up to £250 per person. READ MORE: Martin Lewis: Do you pay for dentistry and opticians? A little-known way to cover the cost If one’s child is getting married they can gift up to £5,000 while a grandchild or great-grandchild can receive up to £2,500 and anyone else can receive a maximum of £1,000 to remain free of inheritance tax liability. Mr Hollands stressed that Britons should take full advantage of their annual pension allowance. He commented: “Nothing beats pensions when it comes to tax perks, with contributions attracting tax relief at your marginal income tax rate. This means a 40 percent income taxpayer can get £10,000 of pension at a net cost of just £6,000, once the tax reliefs are factored in.” He encouraged Britons to use the tax reliefs on offer even if they have not yet hit their annual allowance contribution limit, but noted they should keep a keen eye on their lifetime allowance. Britons can also carry forward any unused allowance from the last three tax years, although the total contributions is still limited in that it must not exceed one's annual gross earnings. Mr Hollands noted this is a “use or lose” allowance of £20,000 per adult for ISAs. All returns generated on the amount under this allowance is entirely tax-free. Mr Hollands shared: “If you are unsure of where to invest, you can fund your ISA initially with cash between now and then to use up any of the allowance that remains. Investments do not have to be purchased before then.’” Additionally Lifetime ISAs form part of the £20,000 allowance but also provides a generous Government-backed top-up for certain savers.  Mr Hollands explained: “Early saving at or soon after the birth of a child is a powerful tool that can generate big pots by the time they reach adulthood.” Parents could do this by using a JISA which has a yearly allowance of £9,000 and is entirely tax-free. Capital Gains Tax exemptions are often highly recommended to cut down the usually large bill for gains over the annual allowance of £12,300. Britons can do this by transferring outside investments into an ISA through a process called Bed and ISA. However, a warning was tied to this tip as funds will need to be sold into cash and moved into the ISA all before April 5.  Additionally, transferring shares between spouses don’t trigger tax liabilities as they are assumed to be given at cost value. The tax year ends on April 5, with the 2022/2023 year beginning on April 6. This advancing deadline has many people scrambling to tie up loose ends, but doing only what is required could leave Britons with an unnecessarily large tax bill. Many taxes have healthy allowances to try help Britons, but the catch is taxpayers have to actively pursue these in order to truly benefit from them. Additionally, the tax changes announced in the Spring Statement, such as the National Insurance threshold rise and income tax reduction due in April 2024, could help Britons in the future.