The party's Westminster leader Ian Blackford yesterday suggested the SNP would delay a vote on the country's future in the UK due to the Ukraine crisis. He said the Scottish government had to be "respectful of the situation that we are in". First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has previously said she wanted to hold a ballot before the end of 2023. But the apparent shift in position has split independence supporters, with some left outraged at a delay on a new referendum. Former SNP cabinet secretary Kenny MacAskill, who is now the deputy leader of Alex Salmond’s pro-independence Alba party that was set up last year, accused the Scottish Government of making up excuses. He said: "This is just the latest of many excuses from Mr Blackford. READ MORE: Sturgeon slammed for blocking UK energy lifeline during Russia crisis "He’s promised a referendum the following year on an annual basis for quite some time now. "This is just the latest attempt to justify the total inactivity of the SNP in pushing for independence." Alba and the SNP have clashed repeatedly since Ms Salmond's new party was set up last year. It has led to divisions in the movement to break away from the UK. Mr MacAskill claimed that the war should make independence a bigger priority. "Just as the powers of an independent nation are required to address the consequences of Covid, they’re also vital for Scotland in the world created by the invasion of Ukraine," he said. DON'T MISS:SNP's Ian Blackford demands Britain's nuclear deterrent is AXED [UPDATE]‘Absolutely absurd’ Tory MSP ridicules Blackford over pension comments [REACTION]SNP savaged over bid to abandon nuclear weapons - 'It's absurd!' [WATCH] "The risk of an escalation sees Scotland unable to remove weapons of mass destruction from its shores. "The humanitarian crisis that’s unfolding sees Scotland impotent to play its part in addressing the escalating refugee crisis. "And finally the economic fallout from the conflict will see the cost of living crisis morph and increase the poverty many Scots are facing." Mr Blackford had said that "the only thing I am focusing on today is Ukraine". He said that while he was still eager to carry out a referendum in "a timely manner", in the short-term it was important the UK and the devolved administrations were "showing a united front to Putin". "To those that are expressing a desire for us to get on with our job, of course, we will do so, but we have to be mindful of where we are," he said. "We're talking about life and death. "And we're talking about the potential for war for all of us in the end. "And I think there is that responsibility that at times like this, where we can, we have got to stand together."