Mia Tindall, eight, is following in her father's footsteps as she has joined a rugby team. However, Mike conceded it is "hard to get" her daughter to go to practice as every time she claims she doesn't like it. However, the doting father added, Mia "is off" playing the sport as soon as she joins her teammates. During an episode of the podcast he co-hosts The Good, The Bad & The Rugby, Mike said: "It's always hard to get Mia to go, she's like 'I don't like it' and then you get there, and she's off." Speaking about his daughter's prowess, the proud dad-of-three added: "Mia scored a couple... "It was an eight-all thriller in the first game and then a nine-all thriller in the second." Mike, who married Princess Anne's daughter Zara in 2011, also described how Mia has changed on the pitch in recent months. Speaking about her involvement in tag rugby, a non-contact version of rugby, Mike said: "It's funny how much she's changed over the last, sort of, this year, since they've been back, figuring out how to avoid people because before they'd just all be really bunched in. "Now they're getting more, where they run across but then they're all stepping back, and people are just falling around." Mike, 43, played outside centre for Bath between 1997 and 2005, before moving to Gloucester Rugby, for which he played until 2014. READ MORE: Kate urged to stop 'trying to be someone else' As a member of the England squad between 2000 and 2011, he won 75 caps in addition to a World Cup and Six Nations tournament in 2003. Mike first mentioned Mia playing rugby in September 2020. Speaking to his co-hosts Alex Payne and James Haskell, Zara's husband said: "She enjoyed it actually and she's going to do football for the first time this weekend as well. "She's a chip off the old block. She just likes to truck it up, but we'll work on that."  The eight-year-old was spotted playing football in January, when her father led the Rugby For Heroes team in the Battle of the Balls Legends Charity football match. Mia was spotted watching the match from the bench before kicking the ball herself as Mike looked on. Mike and Mia aren't the only fans of rugby in the Royal Family. Princess Anne has been the proud patron of Scottish Rugby Union for well over three decades and is often spotted on the stands watching matches. Prince Harry took over the patronage of the Rugby Football Union in 2016 from the Queen after having served as vice patron since 2010. He relinquished this role in February 2021, as a consequence of his decision to step down as senior royal. One year later, it was announced Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, had taken over this patronage as well as the one of the Royal Football League. To celebrate the new appointments, Kate headed to Twickenham Stadium and joined a special training session with the male and female England squads. As patron of England Rugby, Kate is now clashing with her husband Prince William, who has been the patron of the Wales Rugby Union since 2016. The Cambridge couple went head to head for the first time on Saturday, when England and Wales clashed during a Six Nations match. The Duke and Duchess had been accompanied to the stadium by eight-year-old Prince George who, during a meeting with RFU and WRU representatives, said he is playing rugby at school and currently learning how to tackle.