Saturday marked the final day of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s Caribbean royal tour. Over an eight-day period, William, 39, and Kate, 40, visited three Commonwealth nations for their tour, which formed part of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. As the pair departed from the Bahamas, Prince William released an unprecedented statement about the future governance of Commonwealth nations. The statement starts with “Foreign tours are an opportunity to reflect. You learn so much” before going on to reflect on “questions about the past and the future”. He wrote: “I know this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. “In Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. Catherine and I are committed to service. “It's not about telling people what to do. Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind.” It adds: “What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can.” The move to open up on what could be perceived as a contentious issue shows that “Prince William wants to modernise the monarchy by ending its long-standing 'never complain, never explain' policy”. The saying is said to have first been adopted by the Queen Mother when she became Queen Consort in 1936, before being passed on to her own daughter — the current Queen Elizabeth II. READ MORE: 'It's a major moment' Queen forced to give up traditional past-time The term essentially explains the Royal Family’s stoic approach to public relations, as the Firm traditionally does not wade in on the press frenzy around certain royal scandals. Instead, the monarchy traditionally stands back and lets the drama run its course. Ms English goes on to say that while William “respects” this approach used by both Prince Charles and the Queen, he believes a shift is needed. She claims that the Duke and Duchess had been monitoring the reaction to the week-long trip and had planned to release a statement, even before accusations were made that aspects of the tour were “tone deaf”. One source said: “The prince believes that for him, the days of 'never complain' are over. “He definitely won't be speaking out regularly but believes if the monarchy has something to say, then it should say it. DON'T MISS Prince Harry branded ‘childish’ and ‘petty’ over Philip memorial [INSIGHT] Princess Eugenie delights fans with sweet snap of son [PICTURES] Prince William 'may have sent veiled Megxit warning' to Harry [REVEAL] “He's not being critical of the Queen, far from it. He admires her absolutely and has learnt so much from her. “But he is looking ahead to how things will be in 40 years' time. He wants the monarchy to continue to be a unifying force, to bridge the gap. “He listens to people, he really does, and has got a very clear vision for the future. “He's very alive to what is modern and relevant and is very thoughtful. He wants to take his grandmother's success and build on it, his way.” The statement came following calls to become a republic from regions the royal couple visited during their royal tour. During their visit to Kingston, Jamaica’s prime minister Andrew Holness hinted at his intentions for the country to become a republic. Mr Holness informed the Duke and Duchess Jamaica was "moving on" in what has been interpreted as a notice the realm will soon sever its ties with the monarchy. Belize was also said to be eyeing plans to remove the Queen as head of state, just two days after Kate and William visited the country. Speaking in the Belizean parliament on Thursday, the Minister for Constitutional and Political Reform, Henry Charles Usher said "perhaps it is time for Belize to take the next step" towards independence. He added: "But, it is a matter that the people of Belize must decide on." This comes less than six months after Barbados removed the Queen as head of state and became a republic. While on their royal tour, the couple were met by controversy over a series of images of them greeting fans through a fence by a football ground. They were also met with a series of protests calling for reparations over the monarchy's link to the slave trade.