Jack Draper has won his first-ever Masters 1000 match 7-5 6-1 against Gilles Simon at the Miami Open. It means he books a spot in an all-British second-round clash with the country's top-ranked male player Cameron Norrie. Draper made his ATP Tour main-draw debut in Miami last year as a wildcard but his time on court was cut short when he collapsed in the heat and was forced to retire while a set down to Mikhail Kukushkin. The 20-year-old Brit received another main-draw wildcard this year after a successful start to the season which saw him win three successive Challenger titles. His fellow Brits were out in full force with Emma Raducanu watching on from the stands with her physio, while LTA chief Scott Lloyd and Andy Murray's former coach Jamie Delgado also watched on. Draped faced a tough test in former world No 6 Gilles Simon but got off to a strong start, quickly leading 4-2. The 37-year-old came firing back and won the next three games to get himself back on serve at 5-4 before it was the world No 146's turn to go on a run and won three successive games himself, taking the opening set 7-5. It was Simon who looked to be struggling in the heat this time as he called the physio to court before changing his mind. JUST IN: Nadal's doctor explains injury plan with key aim to speed up return  Draper continued his momentum into the second set, going 4-0 up after breaking twice and saving five break points across his own service games. Simon finally managed to get himself on the board in the second set but the British No 5 broke once more to secure his maiden Masters win 7-5 6-1 in an hour and 47 minutes. The London local faces British No 1 Cameron Norrie in the second round, having played each other once before at pro level in last year's Queens quarter-final, won by the elder Brit 6-3 6-3. It was part of an impressive grass-court swing for Draper, who beat Jannik Sinner and Alexander Bublik to make the last-eight at Queens before taking a set off of eventual-champion and world No 1 Novak Djokovic in the Wimbledon first-round weeks later. DON'T MISSAsh Barty's shock retirement leaves big hole in women's tennisDjokovic retirement prediction made amid battle with Federer and NadalMurray 'incredible' for achievements in Djokovic, Nadal, Federer era  Draper is set to rise inside the world's top 130 as a result of the win, and speaking after the match admitted last year's dramatic early finish had been playing on his mind. "Yeah it was in the back of my head about last year," he told Amazon Prime Video. "I trusted all the work that I’d done in especially the last six months and yeah, came through today. I still need plenty of time to get used to this over the course of my career but it’s a good start today." Previewing his upcoming clash with Norrie he said: "Cam is a great guy. I play with him a lot when we’re back in the UK and I’m really looking forward to that match. It’s going to be a tough one because I think he might be top ten this week, I’m not too sure but he’s doing incredibly well at the moment so it’s a good challenge for me to see when I’m at." And he reflected on the changes since their last match in Queens, adding: "I think I’m just a better player eight months, nine months on and I think he is as well but it will be good for both of us to get on court and battle, and let’s see what happens."