A huge season lies ahead for George Russell as the British driver bids to make his mark at Mercedes. Russell, 24, spent three seasons at Williams but last September, Toto Wolff ended months of speculation by confirming the youngster would be replacing Valtteri Bottas as partner to seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton.  The pressure will be on Russell to not only challenge Hamilton, but help deliver a ninth consecutive Constructors' crown to the Silver Arrows with the team having dominated much of the last decade in F1. Russell himself regularly impressed in qualifying last year in what was deemed an uncompetitive Williams car, and at the Belgium Grand Prix was seconds away from a maiden pole position before Max Verstappen scuppered his chances at the death. However, with only two safety-car led laps possible the following day, his second-place grid position became his final one, representing a first career podium. Russell only received nine points due to the race being downgraded to half-points only, and could only muster seven more outside of that race as he finished 15th in the standings. JUST IN: Red Bull make Max Verstappen demand despite 'aggressive' Lewis Hamilton admission But whilst his driving performance came under more scrutiny in 2021, Russell continued to keep a major aspect of his private life out of the limelight. Since 2020, he has been spotted at races with Carmen Mundt, but despite being active on social media, the Norfolk-born star has rarely posted any kind of insight on the pair's relationship. The couple made their relationship public at the September 2020 Tuscan Grand Prix having reportedly started dating that summer. Mundt, a former student at the University of Westminster with a bachelor’s degree in Business Management and Finance, now works at an investment firm based in the UK. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton's boss Toto Wolff explains what he 'hates' about Netflix's Drive to SurviveChristian Horner reignites fiery Toto Wolff feud with 'bullies' comment before new seasonRed Bull make Max Verstappen demand despite 'aggressive' Lewis Hamilton admission As rumours of her and Russell's relationship gathered pace, the Londoner duly made all of her own social media accounts private. However, after arguably the driver's second best day in the 2021 F1 season, an eighth placed finished in Hungary, Williams actually posted footage of an embrace between the two in their post-race video. Last August, a Twitter post from Russell's then Williams teammate Nicholas Latifi revealed the pair were holidaying in Greece with their respective partners, with the Canadian dating Sandra Dziwiszek. So as Russell prepares for the pressure cooker of being a Mercedes driver in this campaign, it is perhaps small wonder he's keen to avoid further headlines while keeping much of his long-term relationship private.  He and Hamilton have already undergone three days of pre-season testing in Barcelona, with all teams now heading to Bahrain. There, three further days of practice will take place, with all drivers battling to get to grips with cars that have been newly adapted to adhere to new F1 technical regulations. Bahrain will then host the opening race of the campaign on Sunday, March 20.