The BBC comedy, which was written by the late Rik Mayal, Ben Elton and Lise Mayer, has reportedly been slapped with a trigger warning ahead of its release on the online streaming platform, BritBox. Rik not only co-wrote The Young Ones, but he also starred in it alongside his Bottom co-star Adrian Edmondson. The sitcom was broadcast in 1982 and then again in 1984, and also starred Nigel Planer, Christopher Ryan, and Alexei Sayle. The plot focussed on the lives of four students and their landlord's family, and it often included slapstick gags and surreal humour which was sometimes acted out by puppets. However, since its release on BritBox, the streaming service was forced to add a warning for its "offensive racial and homophobic language that may offend". An example of the language used in the comedy was originally broadcast in episode three of season one. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role The episode titled Boring saw Rik's character, Rick, being approached by a policeman who thought he was a black man. The policeman believed Rick was black because he was wearing sunglasses. He referred to the comedian's character as "Mr Sambo Darkie C**n", and "Mr Rastas Chocolate Drop". He went on to refer to Rick using the N-Word. However, it has since been reported that BBC chose to cut that particular scene out when it has aired re-runs in the past. A Britbox spokesperson had previously released a statement regarding its trigger warnings. They said it "reviews and refreshes" content on the streaming service regularly to "ensure that the right guidance is in place". "Programming on the service that contains potentially sensitive language or attitudes of their era have carried appropriate warnings since our launch in November 2019 to ensure the right guidance is in place for viewers who are choosing to watch on-demand," a spokesperson told MailOnline. DON'T MISS...Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT]Emmerdale family torn apart after Amelia discovers she's pregnant? [SPOILERS] The streaming service, which costs £5.99 a month, has also issued trigger warnings on several of their older comedies and sitcoms. 'Allo 'Allo! is another fan-favourite that has been hit with warnings due to its sexual jokes and stereotyping of French and German characters. BritBox warned viewers that the 80s classic “contains language and attitudes of the time that may offend some viewers”. The BBC comedy, which was set during World War Two, included catchphrases including “I was p***ing by the door” and “Shut up, you silly old bat”. Another comedy the streaming service put an offensive language warning on was Keeping Up Appearances. The British sitcom aired on BBC One from 1990 to 1995. One Foot in The Grave is another 1990s sitcom that fell victim to the viewer warning. And it isn't just Britbox as the BBC also slapped a warning on the 1970s film, Dad’s Army. Express.co.uk has reached out to BritBox for comment. The Young Ones is available to watch on BritBox.