Susanna Reid pointed out it was "extraordinary" it has been two years since the UK was put into its first lockdown. The Good Morning Britain host went on to quiz Dr Hilary on whether things will get worse with the COVID-19 cases increasing and asked whether another lockdown is possible. "Where have that two years gone?" the GP said to the host. "When we look back and we remember pictures of seafronts that were deserted, public places deserted, planes parked up in airports." "It gives me chills thinking about it," Susanna chipped in. "Do you think as cases are now on the rise again, we now know that more people have Covid now than any time during the pandemic. "Can you see a situation when we would ever do that again?" "No," Dr Hilary replied before he added: "Not unless there is a variant that is as a serious as the original variant was which put so many people in hospital." READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret?  He continued: "The ONS statistics show that 188,000 people have died of Covid since the pandemic began in this country alone, six million people worldwide. "This has been a dreadful global infection which is still continuing and cases are rising now but they're rising because of the BA2 Omnicron variant which is more transmissible but less severe." The GP went on to warn: "There may well be more variants coming our way, we can't be complacent but hospitalisations are increasing so death rates have gone up by 17 percent as well.   Dr Hilary's comments sparked outrage with viewers and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Robert Spalding fumed: "What an absolutely unjustified and misleading comment from Dr Hilary Jones about the amount of people who he said have died "OF" COVID. Utterly untrue, those people have all died "WITH" COVID. Stop getting it wrong. Disgusting considering this is a Dr who should know better!!!!!" (sic)  MJP penned: "Dr Doom still getting airtime?" "Still peddling misinformation 188,000 did not die because of COVID, they died with covid within 28 days of having it," Jez raged. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? [SPOILERS]Death in Paradise’s Don Warrington speaks out on future of series [INSIGHT]Brenda Blethyn details how she transforms into beloved DCI Vera [VIDEO] Frank added: "GMB you have to get rid of Dr Hilary, he is a total turn off, he changes his mind about Covid as it suits him to get a younger model in." (sic) User @RaggieRedgrave said: "188,000 never died of covid. Just stop lying. China sent us videos of people falling over dead in the street and Govt, Sage and media like GMB panicked and fell for it." (sic) Dr Hilary has been criticised by GMB viewers before about his views on the pandemic. He initially came under fire after he claimed masks weren't effective, before taking a U-turn and advised people should wear face masks.   More recently, the TV doctor received a backlash from viewers after he shared his thoughts on restrictions lifting. Dr Hilary's comments came after Boris Johnson confirmed plans to scrap the requirement to self-isolate following a positive Covid test. At the time, GMB viewers claimed Dr Hilary was more concerned about keeping his job on the ITV talk show than the spread of Covid. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 