Alan Shearer has hit out at Roman Abramovich for failing to condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine after the Chelsea owner confirmed he has put the club up for sale. The 55-year-old billionaire, who bought Chelsea 19 years ago from Ken Bates, has admitted he is now actively looking to sell up in a statement published before Chelsea's FA Cup clash at Luton.  When quizzed on the developments ahead of the fifth-round clash at Kenilworth Road, BBC pundit Alan Shearer could not help but feel critical of Abramovich's actions. "[It's a] Huge moment for Chelsea Football Club," he said to Gary Lineker, who asked him for his thoughts on the big development. "He's brought massive success over his 20 years but it's not as simple as selling a football club, as we know it. "It can take moments, even years to sell a football club. But more importantly, there is still, still, no condemnation from Roman or the club about what's happening in Ukraine." READ MORE: Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich issues emotional statement confirming club for sale Abramovich has made it clear he does not want Chelsea to repay any of their £1.5billion worth of debt and instead instructed his team to set up a charity which will see all net proceeds donated to victims of the war in Ukraine. Yet while that is a heartwarming gesture from the oligarch, the Chelsea owner was seemingly not willing to condemn the actions of confidant, Vladimir Putin. Part of the statement read: "The sale of the Club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. "This has never been about business nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and Club.  READ MOREChelsea owner Roman Abramovich issues emotional statement confirming club for saleOleksandr Usyk breaks silence on Anthony Joshua rematch after joining Ukraine's war effortConor McGregor declares interest in buying Chelsea from Russian owner Roman Abramovich "Moreover, I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated. The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine. "This includes providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery." Shearer's fellow pundit Micah Richards believes Abramovich has now made the right decision to sell the club in light of Saturday's surprise statement from Chelsea, in which the Russian declared he'd handed over the reins to the club's charitable Foundation. "It's a better statement than Saturday, I was scratching my head at the statement when it came out," Richards added. "Today there is a lot more clarity and I think he has done the right thing, but it's so sad that we are having to talk about this on a football night and all the scenes we have seen over the last couple of days are just heartbreaking." 