Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich looks set to end his 19-year tenure at Stamford Bridge after it was confirmed he had been sanctioned and ultimately disqualified from being a director in west London. With that news, it means that Chelsea can no longer buy, sell or offer contracts to their players - meaning younger players may become more prominent across next season's gruelling calendar in a bid to increase value. Express Sport takes a look at four stars currently out on loan who could feature more regularly next term.  Billy Gilmour Gilmour has cut a peripheral figure since his loan move to Norwich in the summer. The midfielder has been billed as one of the most talented youngsters to come from Scotland ever since his £500,000 move from Rangers in 2017. Having featured sporadically at Chelsea throughout the years, it will be a shame on Chelsea's part that his spell at Norwich has not been as successful as club chiefs will have wanted. But with Tuchel unable to sign or sell players, Gilmour could become a useful option in the middle for Tuchel.  Conor Gallagher Gilmour may find it hard, however, to get himself ahead of Gallagher. The Epsom-born star has been Crystal Palace's Player of the Season so far this season with eight goals in 24 appearances. With his energetic and intense style of play, he would be an ideal fit for Tuchel's footballing mantra. And with his eight strikes in the league - which puts him level with Chelsea's top scorer Mason Mount - Gallagher can provide goals from midfield, too.  Levi Colwill Colwill was relatively unheard of before this season's loan move to Huddersfield. The Southampton-born youngster, 19, joined the Blues as an eight-year-old but has yet to feature for the first team. He subsequently joined Huddersfield this season, where his performances have put the Terriers second in the Championship. And with Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta all out of contract in the summer, there will be a huge gap in the Blues' defence that needs filling - something Colwill could take advantage of.  DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  Armando Broja Chelsea's striking woes seem to continue year upon year. Last season, Timo Werner was lacking ruthlessness leading the line, whilst this year it is Romelu Lukaku's turn to be goal-shy. The decision to sell Tammy Abraham was seen by many as a perplexing deal with the lack of back-up No 9 at Chelsea. But Broja's return in the summer from his Southampton loan move could be pivotal to Chelsea if the Albanian can start firing in a blue shirt. 