Yellowstone ended on The Paramount Network with an explosive season four finale. The franchise took fans back to 1883 for the popular prequel TV series, but the original Western melodrama will be returning in the near future. Express.co.uk has the latest on when the fifth instalment of Yellowstone could arrive. Following a huge delay for the release of season four, Yellowstone fans were hoping the same would not happen again. They had expected new episodes to air in June 2021, but the comeback was delayed until November. Whilst no official release date has been announced, it is believed the wait will not be as long this time around. According to Cheatsheet, fans will get new episodes before the summer is over. Summer Higgins actress Piper Perabo teased a relationship with John Dutton (Kevin Costner) in the new season, despite her character going to jail. READ MORE: Y1883’s Sam Elliott admits Shea told huge lie She told Entertainment Weekly: "The love story is kicking into gear on Yellowstone. “I know a lot of people watch it for the cowboys and the ranch, but I watch it for the love story. "We’re turning up the heat. It’s been a hard couple of years, let’s turn up the heat for a minute.” The fifth season is expected to feature 14 episodes instead of 10, and it will be split into two parts. Each half will be made up of seven episodes, with a break in between. During the break, additional episodes of the prequel 1883 are expected to air. The second half of season five should then return later in the autumn. This is when the second prequel series, titled 1932, is expected to make its debut. The new prequel will follow a new generation of Duttons through the era of prohibition and the Great Depression. As for the original series, some exciting updates have been announced. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone: Kevin Costner pays tribute to woman 'who changed my life' [INTERVIEW] Yellowstone: Jimmy star speaks out on being separated from co-stars [INSIGHT] Sam Elliott wife: Who is the 1883 Shea Brennan star's famous wife? [EXPLAINER] Ryan Bingham will be reprising his role as Walker, much to the delight of fans. Jefferson White has also shut down rumours his character Jimmy Hurdstrom will not be in season five. He told Us Weekly: "I’m in season five. Jimmy’s in season five. "That’s great. I’m really looking forward to that. I didn’t know necessarily what Jimmy’s future was. "I still don’t know exactly what Jimmy’s future holds.” The season five plot is being kept tightly under wraps so fans will have to wait and see what the extent of his role will be. With summer just around the corner, there should only be a few more months of waiting. This will be the first time the series has split a season into two parts. There will undoubtedly be a cliffhanger ending after the first seven episodes, but it means fans get four more episodes than usual.  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network in 2022.