A joint order filed with the New York court called for the action against the Duke of York to be dismissed after an out of court settlement with Ms Giuffre was agreed on last month. It states each side will cover its own costs and fees and, once US judge Lewis A Kaplan signs it, brings to an end the seven-month legal action initiated by Ms Giuffre, formerly known as Ms Roberts, after she accused Andrew of committing "sexual assault and battery" upon her when she was 17 years old. Although the parties have settled the case, the agreement is not an admission of guilt from the Duke and he has always strenuously denied the allegations against him. Ms Giuffre, 38, said she was coerced into sexual encounters with Andrew in 2001 by convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and his longtime girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell at three different locations – in London, in New York and at Epstein's private island in the US. The "Stipulation of Dismissal" court documents that were filed on Monday calling for the action to be dismissed follows a joint letter to the United States District Court in February in which Ms Giuffre's lawyer and Prince Andrew's lawyers wrote the pair had reached "a settlement in principle". A statement included with the letter read: "The parties will file a stipulated dismissal upon Ms Giuffre's receipt of the settlement (the sum of which is not being disclosed)." The announcement came weeks before Andrew was due to give a sworn deposition to Ms Giuffre's lawyers. As part of the settlement, which already freed the Duke, 62, from a civil trial and from giving evidence under oath or in front of a jury, he also vowed to "demonstrate his regret for his association" with Epstein by supporting the "fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims". Royal Family LIVE: Lack of respect! Fury as Harry 'shows face at American event' The sum paid to Ms Giuffre is thought to include a "substantial donation" of £2million to Ms Giuffre's charity Soar — standing for Speak Out, Act, Reclaim — in what is believed to be the first contribution to the organisation. Although she founded it in 2015, it was only officially launched in November 2021 and had so far not been open to donations. Soar's mission is to help sexual abuse victims to tell their stories and to campaign against elements of the criminal justice system in the US. The pair's settlement letter also stated Prince Andrew, who has repeatedly denied all accusations against him, "never intended to malign Ms Giuffre's character". It added the Duke "accepts that she has suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks". Andrew is now facing calls to confirm how he funded the multimillion-pound out-of-court settlement, with the British public particularly focused on whether his mother, the Queen, or his brother, the Prince of Wales, contributed to the sum. On Monday it was claimed Prince Charles will loan the Duke several million pounds to enable him to pay off Ms Giuffre. DON'T MISSAndrew breaks cover for first time since sex abuse settlement [INSIGHT]A look at Prince Charles' 'slimmed down' monarchy [EXPLAINER]'Does Trudeau not care about Queen?' Canadian PM shamed [ANALYSIS] A source told The Sun that the future king agreed to help out Andrew on the grounds that he repays it when he has sold his Verbier ski chalet, his only known asset, which he bought with his ex-wife, Sarah, Duchess of York, in 2014 as a "family investment" with a mortgage and private funding from the Queen. Though the Duke's case is now off the table, his reputation, in tatters, leaves him with little, if any, options to make his way back to public life. In January, he was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages, with Buckingham Palace claiming he would "continue not to undertake any public duties".