Arsenal star Martin Odegaard emphasised the “togetherness” in Mikel Arteta’s side as the Gunners recently leap-frogged Manchester United into the Champions League places. Hours before Ralf Rangnick’s side were taken apart in a humiliating 4-1 away loss to Manchester City, Arsenal were celebrating a slick 3-2 victory over Watford. Odegaard notched the north Londoners first goal of the contest, before Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli put the game beyond the Hornets. While Arteta’s side only lead United by one point, they currently hold three games in hand over the beleaguered Red Devils. Various reports citing dressing room warfare and unhappy players proceeded United’s loss to Pep Guardiola’s technicians. And as the United squad appear to be at odds with each other, Odegaard was highlighting the positivity and confidence in the current Arsenal side. JUST IN: Man Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash “The togetherness is something special here, I’ve never seen something like this in my football career and there’s a lot of competition but still people just want the best for the team,” Odegaard said in an interview with BT Sports. “We always want the team to win and the team spirit is really good and I think the connection we have off the pitch as well helps us on the pitch. “It is definitely something special going on here and I feel like everyone really wants to get the club back up to the top, so that’s the feeling behind it.” After an impressive season on loan from Real Madrid last season, Arsenal signed him on a permanent basis for a hefty £30million. But the Norwegian’s classy performances from midfield, as well as his five goals and three assists, connotes a good piece of business from Arteta and Gunners’ technical director Edu Odegaard’s move to Arsenal has also benefitted the player himself, who had previously been sent on various loan spells to Heerenveen, Vitesse Arnhem, Real Sociedad, and to the Gunners, while playing for Real Madrid. And the attacking midfielder said he finally feels settled and uncomfortable now he is at the Gunners on a permanent basis. “I feel like I’m home now. I have had time to settle down,” Odegaard added. “For the last five years I’ve been all over the place with loans here and there. So I feel like I’ve finally got that stability and the calmness I needed. So I’m really happy, yes.” Arsenal appear to be in a strong position to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since the 2015-16 season. The Gunners failed to qualify for any European football for the first time in 25 years last season, after a very disappointing eighth placed finish last season. However, Odegaard and the rest of his team firmly have their sites on qualifying for the most illustrious competition in European football. The Norwegian said “Obviously that (Champions League football) is the target. “So we will do everything to get there and we will take it game by game and try to win each one and then we’ll see in the end – but of course, that’s the big goal and I believe we can do it. I think we have the quality to do it.”