The Tory MP commented on the topic during an episode of the Telegraph’s ‘Chopper's Politics’ podcast. The instance was one of many themes covered by the politician who was in conversation with Christopher Hope. Mr Hope asked the North East Somerset MP whether we are seeing Russia being “flushed out” of this country currently, due to the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. He made reference to oligarchs with close links to President Putin being sanctioned in recent days before referencing the name change of the chicken kiev which he deemed “frivolous”. In response, Mr Rees-Mogg said: “We’ve got to be very careful about this because we have no gripe with the Russian people or with Russian culture or with British citizens of Russian origin. “It’s very very important that they should not feel in any way prejudiced against because some of them are themselves, refugees, from the Putin regime and we should support them and help them. “But those who are close to the Putin regime and it’s quite hard to be an oligarch if you’re not close to the Putin regime and have maintained your Russian assets and your ability to go to and from Russia if you’re not sympathetic. “It’s not just apolitical, you actually have to be sympathetic to the regime and are deservedly being sanctioned.” Mr Hope then asked the MP what listeners could do to help the situation and whether sacrifices like not drinking vodka should be made, and whether this would hurt Russia. In response, the Brexiteer ex-Leader of the House of Commons reiterated that Britain has “no gripe with the Russian people”. READ MORE: Restaurant receives threats after name confused with Putin Instead, he added that the country has a “gripe” with President Putin, whom he refers to as an “evil totalitarian dictator”. He went on to add that Russian people “with all their extraordinary history” are “people whom we wish to maintain a friendship [with] and restore a friendship in an era to come when Putin is no longer their leader”. It comes after Australian supermarket Woolworths renamed the food product 'Chicken Kyiv' to recognise the true name of the capital city of Ukraine. The small change was discussed with The Australian Federation of Ukrainian Organisations and was carried out to stand in solidarity with Ukrainians living in Australia. DON'T MISS Supermarket row erupts as Britons demand chicken kiev renamed [REPORT] Facebook will not remove 'violent' posts 'targeting Russian invaders' [REVEAL]Russia's war playbook: What Putin could do next [INSIGHT] A Woolworths Group spokesperson said: “In our discussion with the Australian Federation of Ukrainian Organisations, we heard this was a small, but meaningful change we could make to stand in solidarity with Ukrainians living in Australia. “Kyiv is the globally recognised name of the capital, so it’s only appropriate we reflect that in the labelling of the product. “The name change will be made immediately online, and gradually roll out to our own brand products and signage in-store in the coming weeks.” With every purchase made on their own-brand Chicken Kyiv’s, Woolworths will make a donation to the Australian Red Cross Ukraine Crisis Appeal with a goal of $100,000. Fifty cents from each pack will be donated over the next four weeks. Several food brands and restaurants in the UK have also made the name change of the popular breaded chicken dish - prompting calls for Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury’s and Morrisons to do the same. Express.co.uk has contacted the Big Four supermarkets as well as Aldi and Lidl to see if they are considering the name change. Waitrose and Marks and Spencer responded to reports to say they have no plans to alter their chicken kievs.