Although Ralf Rangnick has struggled to steady the sinking ship of Manchester United as manager, the German will be hoping he can help the team from a higher position. The German is set to take up a consultancy role at the club in the summer and will be able to advise on plenty of different areas of the Old Trafford outfit. Rangnick was appointed as interim manager to buy the club some time when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked earlier this season. The former RB Leipzig boss has attempted to implement his own ideas on the squad but with little success. Underperforming players and reports of divides in the dressing room certainly hasn’t helped the German, nor was his lack of backing in the January transfer window. However, he will be hoping that his views don’t fall on deaf ears when he starts working closer with United chief Richard Arnold. Sky Sports have reported that Arnold is keen to have Rangnick’s ‘knowledge on tap’ at the club up until 2024 and has gone as far as saying that he is ‘open’ to the idea of recruiting the 63-year-old in a dual-purpose capacity. JUST IN: Aubameyang leaving Redknapp red-faced after Barcelona heroics But no discussions have taken place to date about Rangnick’s position when the season concludes. The club instead wanted his sole focus to be on trying to manage the guide to their highest possible placing in the Premier League and prevent the team from downward spiralling any further. Therefore Rangnick has been somewhat left in the dark about the power he will weld at the club, where he will even be based and to what extent his advising comments will be listened to. They report that there is the expectation that the consultancy role is ‘not envisaged to be very hands-on’, though it is unknown as to whether that will suit Rangnick or not. READ MORE: Tottenham mind games emerge as Arsenal backed to finish in top four When a new manager is appointed at Old Trafford then there will certainly be conversations between them and Rangnick as to who needs to be signed in the summer transfer window and what issues must be tackled behind the scenes. The club could be left with just Cristiano Ronaldo as their striker option at the end of the season and therefore signing some competition for the former Real Madrid star as well as a holding midfielder to replace Paul Pogba will presumably be prioritised. Declan Rice of West Ham has been linked with a move to the Red Devils over the past few campaigns but the England international is now thought to have a transfer value of over £100million, which could warn off interest from United. Amadou Haidara of RB Leipzig and Brighton’s Yves Bissouma have also been linked.