The state pension age is rising as a result of increases in average life expectancy. Britons are now spending a higher proportion of their adult lives in retirement than ever before. In recent years, the state pension age threshold was increased to 66 for both men and women. However, this is not the end of the changes planned - with future increases on the horizon. Phased increases are to be implemented in the coming years, with the state pension age gradually uplifted. Under current plans, it will rise to 67, before increasing to 68 between 2044 and 2047. READ MORE: Britons with less than £16K in savings could be entitled to hundreds It is worth noting only those who are born after April 5, 1960 will be affected by this increase. There has, however, been a change in the way the increases to the state pension age will take effect. People born between April 6, 1960 and March 5, 1961 are set to reach their state pension age at 66 and a particular number of months. Individuals, for example, who are born between May 6, 1960 and June 5, 1960 will reach their state pension age at 66 years and two months. DON'T MISSFree prescription age could change - some items 'always free' [INSIGHT]State pensioners with arthritis could get £89 per week boost [EXPLAINED]Barclays scam warning as pensioner, 75, loses £12,000 [WARNING] Essentially, there will be differences depending on what point in the year a person was born. It is also worth noting the state pension age is currently under review. The review will consider whether the current rules around pensionable age are appropriate. It will consider whether the increase to age 68 should be brought forward to 2037 to 2039. If implemented, this could be a major change affecting hundreds of thousands of individuals right across the country. The Government has explained its reasoning for the review, stating: “As the number of people over state pension age increases, due to a growing population and people on average living longer, the Government needs to make sure that decisions on how to manage its costs are, robust, fair and transparent for taxpayers now and in the future. “It must also ensure that as the population becomes older, the state pension continues to provide the foundation for retirement planning and financial security.” The review will consider evidence from right across the length and breadth of the UK. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It will take into account differences across countries and regions, as well as the effects for individuals with different characteristics and opportunities. The full new state pension is currently set at £179.60 per week. But the actual amount a person receives will be dependent on their National Insurance record. Individuals will not get their new state pension automatically, and instead they will have to claim it. Britons should get a letter no later than two months before they reach their state pension age, outlining what they need to do. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) states the quickest way to get the state pension is to apply online.