James Paul Davis, 35, is accused of killing a baby after mounting the kerb and crashing into the pram that was being wheeled by the baby's parents on his first-ever outing. Davis was driving a BMW uninsured at 67mph in a 30mph zone on the day of the horror crash, the court heard. In bodycam footage played to the court, David told police while being arrested that he had passed out at the wheel. Davis fled the scene after the crash and told police it was because people had told him he'd killed a baby so he wanted to see his own child before he was taken into custody. Parents Cameron Morris and Codie Holyman, who were both aged just 18 at the time, saw the horrific events unfold before them as the car smashed into the pram and pinned it against a shop wall in Brownhills, Walsall in the West Midlands.  Mother Codie also suffered a broken collar bone and bruised foot in the crash and now has constant back pain. Witness Dean Athersmith told Wolverhampton Crown Court he had heard Davis call his girlfriend after the crash. He said: "[Davis] said 'I've just run someone over, I need to phone my missus, I am going to go down for a long time'. "I wouldn't give him my phone, but I put the phone number in my phone. The number just rang out and then he tried again and a woman answered.  READ MORE: Russian helicopter shot down as Ukrainian military target air force "He told her 'I'm really sorry I've ran over a baby, I've killed it, please look after my baby' which made me think he had a child. "When he got off the phone I asked him why he left the scene he said, 'They after me'". Daniel Kennedy was a rear passenger in a white Ford B-Max which was also struck by the BMW seconds before the fatal crash. The court heard how he had tried to chase Davis down the street as the parents' tried desperately to save their son. Mr Kennedy said "he got a clear shot of" Davis on his phone in Tesco car park on his hands and knees and out of breath.  DON'T MISS: Motorists urged to save on fuel costs by only half-filling tank [INSIGHT]Parking law which would charge £550 a year slammed by angry drivers [COMMENT]'Get it off!' Ralf Little in hysterics as Will Mellor tells him off [ANALYSIS] During the trial, jurors heard that Davis had been driving without insurance or a licence and had traces of cannabis in his system when he hit the pram at around 4pm on April 1, 2021. In bodycam footage played to the jury, Davis can be heard telling PC Tom Rust: "A baby, f***'s sake. I’m sorry bab. I blacked out, I was doing 20mph. "I weren’t even speeding or nothing. I blacked out. I ain't killed no one on purpose. F***ing hell man". He told the officer that his friend, who was in the passenger seat of the BMW, had said he was passed out behind the wheel. The father-of-one was arrested at his girlfriend's house shortly after the incident. Davis, of Bloxwich, West Midlands, denies causing death by dangerous driving, causing death while uninsured and causing death by careless driving. 