Bloods is making a comeback on Sky and Wendy (played by Jane Horrocks) and Maleek (Samson Kayo) are thrown into the deep end. The TV series begins with the unlikely pair caught up in a serious investigation. They will also face other obstacles in the form of some interesting new faces. George is a mental health counsellor in the series and she is played by Katherine Kelly. The counsellor is expected to challenge the authority of some of the original team. Jane Horrocks discussed the new character, telling whattowatch.com: "George is this right-on counsellor who has completely opposite views about mental health to Jo. "It's an interesting dynamic, because Jo runs a tight ship, and it's an interesting dilemma of whether quite a deal of time should be spent on counselling and talking about people's issues, or being out there saving lives." Katherine Kelly is a 42-year-old actress and presenter, known for her roles in Last of the Summer Wine and Coronation Street. READ MORE: Ab Fab actress Jane Horrocks makes some surprising confessions Spencer is Wendy's son who throws a spanner in the works when he joins the department. He is played by Nathan Foad, an actor and writer known for Newark and Our Flag Means Death. Horrocks said of the newcomer: "Spencer is very annoying. You get to know much more about Wendy and her backstory through her son. "And you absolutely understand the reason why she scarpered. He's very needy and not very self-sufficient." The season one team will all be returning with Maleek leading the team. Wendy is also back as one of the main stars alongside Jo (Lucy Punch) and Lawrence (Julian Barratt). They will be joined by Gary (Adrian Scarborough), Kareshma (Aasiya Shah), Darrell (Sam Campbell) and Darryl (Kevin Garry). The second season will consist of 10 episodes, which will be split into two parts of five. Fans can tune in via Sky Comedy with a NOW Entertainment membership. DON'T MISS... Discovery of Witches showrunner teases sequel series [INTERVIEW] The Gilded Age season 2: Will there be another series? [INSIGHT] The Lazarus Project: Paapa Essiedu stars in time-bending Sky series [DISCUSSION] Wendy and Maleek are the stars of the series and they are an unlikely pairing. Maleek is comfortable being alone, whereas Wendy prefers the company of others. Season two sees the pair get caught up in a malpractice investigation. Newcomer Spencer will also become an obstacle for Wendy as he starts working at the depot. As for best friends Darryl and Darrell, there is a risk of their bromance coming to an end. Kareshma faces complications as she is committed to teenage cancer patient Tasha. Team leader Jo also finds her authority challenged by someone else. The official synopsis for the first episode reads: "Jo hopes for a New Year's Eve kiss from Lawrence. Wendy and Maleek misdiagnose a patient." Fans can tune into the first episode from 10pm.  Bloods season 2 airs on Sky and NOW from March 16.