Inheritance tax is a hefty 40 percent above a particular threshold - usually £325,000. Many people are keen to avoid this, and may have certain perceptions about what they can pass over to family members tax-free. But there are specific rules and regulations put in place which are vital to pay attention to. Partners who are unmarried are not viewed in the same way as those married or in a civil partnership. There is normally no inheritance tax to pay if a person leaves everything above the threshold to their spouse or civil partner. However, the same courtesy does not extend to those who are in a relationship but not married - even if they have been together for years. READ MORE: State pension age is rising - and the way it increases is changing Fewer people are getting married as attitudes towards the institution have changed over time. Indeed, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has found cohabiting couple families are the fastest-growing family type. But as the law hasn’t caught up with this fact, experts have warned unmarried couples are “largely unprotected” if one of them should die. This extends not only to inheritance tax but also to general rights. DON'T MISS500,000 people to miss out on state pension boost [INSIGHT]State pension: Rishi Sunak urged to increase sum to £19,760 per year [UPDATE]State pension warning: Will you miss out on the full sum? [EXPLAINED] Emma Watson, Head of Financial Planning and Advisory Services at Rathbone Investment Management, provided further insight. She said: “Unlike for married couples or those in a civil partnership, there is no legal right to property not jointly owned. “If you have children together then this could mean that your partner risks not being able to stay in the family home or have enough money to bring up your children.” As a result, Britons in this situation have been encouraged to look into drafting a will. Formally known as a Last Will and Testament, it outlines a person’s wishes for after they have passed away. Clearly laying out one’s desires for their possessions and property is likely to be key to ensuring complications do not arise. If a person has children then laying out wishes for care and inheritance is another key matter to consider. The issue of home ownership is one which was recently highlighted by Elaine Roche, board director at Solicitors for the Elderly, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She added: “If you are not married there is no such thing as a common law spouse, which many people just presume exists. “If you live together and one of you dies and inherits the property, it ends up being taxable. “Unless you are married or civilly partnered, you will have to potentially find thousands of pounds to pay this tax bill. “It goes to show it doesn’t even matter if it is your own possession or property, the tax will still apply.”