Norris told Jake Humphrey's High Performance Podcast that he “didn’t know what to do” when team-mate Carlos Sainz beat him over four races in 2019. The McLaren star revealed he worried it could even be the “end” of his F1 career and spent months worrying about how to string results together. The McLaren star revealed he worried it could even be the “end” of his F1 career and spent months worrying about how to string results together.He said: “I had maybe three or four races where I was struggling a little bit. I had Carlos as my team-mate at that point and he was doing a very good job. He was getting to grips with the car and extracting everything out of it. Just three or four races where he beat me. I was just like what do I do, I don't know, is this the end of it? What if I can't find something else. I didn't know what to do at that point.He added: “There’s just a lot of hours and days, probably months, of it swirling in your head and you're thinking things over and over again. Like why has he done that better? How has he done that better? What is he thinking of? How does he spend his time? READ MORE: Lando Norris opens up on pressures of debut season “And then you do it to yourself, what am I not doing good enough? Why am I not doing it as good as him? You just come up with all these excuses for yourself. I got to the point, because it was four races instead of the three… what else can I do now to make some changes.“And it was like coming here spending a little bit more time with my engineers, sitting down, just refreshing everything, kind of starting again a little bit. Trying to get some of that self-confidence back inside because that’s one of the biggest things."If I go out and think I'm confident I can go out and brake at this point and I can deliver the lap when I need to. Just thinking of those little things can already start to just click and make things turn over a little bit. DON'T MISSLando Norris on what it’s like to race Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Lando Norris admits enjoying 'drama' between Hamilton and Verstappen [COMMENT]Norris calls out Drive to Survive inaccuracy after Wolff remark [ANALYSIS] “That's when small things started but it's just getting to that point which is the difficult part.”Norris has since gone on to become one of F1’s most promising talents with a string of sublime performances.He has five podiums to his name and almost became a Grand Prix winner at last year's Russian Grand Prix before a late rain shower scuppered his chances of a maiden victory.