With stock markets and currencies looking increasingly turbulent physical assets have enjoyed a boost with precious metals being a particular beneficiary. Gold has broken past $2000 to now stand at $2,013 (£1,537) an ounce. Dan Fisher, CEO of broker Physical Gold, noted the price rises were bringing in increased demand by providing "retail customers with re-assurance it's a reliable safe haven." He also reported a delay on delivery for some new coins due to the Royal Mint struggling to keep up with demand. As well as geopolitical uncertainty, the ongoing issues with inflation are also stimulating demand for gold as a better store of value. Mr Fisher commented that "institutional eyes are on the US inflation rate this Thursday" as the next indicator of inflation trends. Inflation, which had previously been predicted to decline in most western economies through the summer, now looks to remain higher for longer given the potential supply shortages posed by the situation with Russia. Constrained supply has itself given gold a boost with Russia standing as a major producer of gold. Amid a wider pullback of financial links to Russia, the London Bullion Market Association has now suspended all six Russian gold and silver refineries. The crunch in supplies from Russia is not unique to gold though with other precious metals such as palladium also being impacted. Joe Brusuelas, chief economist as consultancy RSM, explained: "The best example of how the crisis might spark another supply chain crunch is in the palladium market, where Russia’s share of the global production is just over 45 percent. "Palladium is used to produce the advanced microchips used in vehicle production, so this will impact manufacturing firms (especially in the motor vehicle sector). "But all middle market businesses should be prepared to scour their downstream supply chains for areas that may be vulnerable to supply disruptions from Russia." Supply chains for manufacturing have already had a difficult time since the pandemic with a global shortage of semiconductor chips causing widespread issues, including forcing many car manufacturers to make temporary cuts to output. Meanwhile the London Metal Exchange (LME) was forced to suspend trading in nickel and cancel all trades on Tuesday after prices more than doubled to reach $100,000 (£76,390) per tonne. The LME said it had seen "unprecedented movements in the nickel price" and had to take action to maintain an "orderly market."  DON'T MISS: Ruble hangs in the balance as west debates oil embargo [ANALYSIS]Taxpayers on the hook for £3 billion over collapsed energy firm bulb [SPOTLIHT]Pound and euro slump in favour of dollar [LATEST] Platinum and silver have also seen prices surge, both rising around 10 percent in the last week. Susannah Streeter, senior investment and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, added: "It seems the meme stock frenzy has now metamorphosed into commodity chaos, as traders have scrambled to try and cover short positions. "Those that had bet against the metal’s rise in value, have now been forced to buy at a much higher price, creating a short squeeze."