Working alongside British rapper Lady Leshurr, Martin Kemp has had a rocky time creating his band on the BBC show Rock Till We Drop. Hopefully, the musical group will be ready to perform at the Isle of Wight festival in June. While the outcome of his troupe is still to be decided, the star has revealed he has drifted apart from his former band and fans shouldn't expect a new single anytime soon. Spandau Ballet was formed in 1979 and, after years of chart-topping success, called it quits in the 1990s. The band in a different incarnation has performed again here and there for live performances Martin featured in the group with his brother Gary Kemp, Tony Hadley, Steve Norman and John Keeble. On why the band parted ways, Martin said: "Imagine five small cogs and they’re put together inside a box to make a big machine called a band.   Read More:  Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby?      "If one of those cogs stops working, then it all falls apart. You have to work together to get what you want." Speaking with the Metro, he declared there is no hope of the original band reforming. He continued: "That ship has sailed and it’s a real shame. "I’ve got respect for everyone in the band, I love them dearly, but people choose their own paths in life."   Since leaving the band, Martin has had a successful TV career. He played Steve Owen in EastEnders for four years, was a juge on the talent contest Let It Shine, and often appears alongside his radio presenter son Roman Kemp on projects. On appearing with his son on shows such as Martin And Roman’s Weekend Best and Celebrity Gogglebox, he added: "When you see me alone with him on the sofa on Gogglebox, that’s real life. "I’ve been taking the mickey out of him for his whole lifetime. It’s a joy working with Roman, he’s one of the world’s nicest guys."   DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Paula Wilcox’s blunt response to taxi drivers who ‘fell in love’ with her [LATEST]'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera [LATEST]    Rock Till We Drop only has a few more weeks left to get its music hopefuls ready to perform live to a massive crowd. So far Martin has had to reshuffle his band when a member quit and has had to deal with Covid protocols. In episode two, he hinted that he regretted taking on the show. Sitting down with his co-star and rival band leader Lady Leshurr he asked: "How's it going? Just be honest, how is it really? Is it killing you?"   Lady replied: "It's killing me softly, yeah." Martin was visibly relieved, adding: "I'm glad I'm not the only one." Rock Till We Drop continues this evening on BBC2 at 9 pm and is available on iPlayer 