Hervé Juvin, a member of the European Parliament, laid the blame for the downfall of Europe on the union’s reliance on its transatlantic ally, the United States. Mr Juvin claims the end is near for the “westernisation” of the world.  Summarising on Twitter, he said: “It's the end of the westernization of the world. “And what is at stake is the future of Europe, a Europe that the Union pulls towards submission, a Union that sacrifices the hard effort towards autonomy to the comfort of American occupation. “Who isolates whom?” Speaking of just how the West’s influence on the world is becoming frail, Mr Juvin pointed out the disparity between global nations when it comes to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. He pointed out that more than a quarter of the UN’s members failed to recognise sanctions against Russia following a meeting between member countries of a conference in the presence of Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi.  African nations also fell into the same field. Mr Juvin said: “Macky Sall, the President of Senegal, who is also President of the Organisation of African Unity, explained the choice to abstain from the vote condemning Russia, on behalf of his country, but also on behalf of all those African countries that know what they owed to the Soviet Union, what they still owe to a Russia that remains present, that distributes food aid and that has strong popular support. “In the same week, the United Arab Emirates announced its oil could be paid for in rubles, and refused to receive the American envoy.” On a larger political scale, both China and India have avoided fully condemning the invasion of Ukraine. Mr Juvin said: “India, for its part, negotiated an energy supply contract 'rubles for rupees', while for the first time in decades, the Chinese foreign minister announced he would visit India, and the Indian foreign minister will visit Beijing, both of them brushing aside the provocations indulged in by the United States and its British accomplices to reanimate the marginal conflict on the Himalayan border, or to stir up incidents with the brother-state of Pakistan.”  READ MORE:Pakistan and India left on fence over Ukraine invasion Yet it was Europe’s role in which Mr Juvin appeared most critical. He said: “Meanwhile, the European Union welcomes Boris Johnson, who is laughing at the good trick played on Europe by taking the high road and joining the United States, which is determined to strengthen its occupation of Europe, with the opening of military bases, for example in Bulgaria, and the massive arrival of American troops."  DON'T MISS:Raab plans to APPEAL release of Baby P's mother [REVEAL]Putin humiliation as generals hide truth [INSIGHT]New police officers 'feel sick' on blue lights [REPORT] During the initial stages of the invasion of Ukraine, European Union members were split on how to handle the situation. Germany initially refused to provide Ukraine with equipment as it relies heavily on Russian gas. But for many Eastern European member states, the decision by Putin to invade Ukraine sparked fears of a conflict too close to home.  Calls have been made to allow Ukraine to join the EU, yet these again have been met with severe resistance by more established EU member states such as France and the Netherlands. Ukraine’s appeal to join NATO has also been largely rejected by the alliance who fear such an act will spark a global conflict. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega 