WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Outlander season six, episode two. Newcomer Tom Christie (played by Mark Lewis Jones) has decided to build a church, or meeting place as Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) has demanded it be called, on the Ridge for his followers. It came in especially handy when Grannie Wilson (Anne Kidd) died and Tom asked Roger (Richard Rankin) to lead the funeral. While Roger has never been a minister, he learned a thing or two from his adoptive father and was prepared to give the service. Unfortunately things didn’t go to plan. As the service was underway, Jemmy pulled at Claire Fraser’s (Caitriona Balfe) coat and while she initially told him to be quiet, it didn’t take long for her to realise what was wrong. Looking up, Claire noticed Grannie Wilson wasn’t quite as dead as her family believed. Feeling her chest, she realised the elderly woman had an aneurysm and would dead very soon. Before she died, again, Grannie Wilson took time to scold her son-in-law and daughter for not providing a fitting funeral service. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one As things descended into chaos, Roger stepped in and demanded they be respectful of one another, savouring their final moments together. When Grannie Wilson did finally die, Roger resumed the funeral and The Sin Eater (David Gany) was able to fulfil his duties. Recalling filming the scene, Richard told Express.co.uk: “It was ridiculous. I mean how do you play that? “I don’t mean ridiculously written, I mean ridiculously shot. The idea of that scenario is ridiculous. “Obviously you have to apply that period’s sort of, their idea or conception of that would be. “The devil or demons would be involved and all sorts of things. We do have that sort of theme running through it.” Richard continued: “Obviously in a more contemporary setting you’d apply science or medicine to such a thing happening. “But we don’t really have that information or at least, the other settlers don’t have it.” DON'T MISS...Outlander star addresses 'underrepresented' Gaelic culture [LATEST]Caitriona Balfe on difficulties of shooting Outlander pregnant [INSIGHT]‘You swines’ Outlander fans furious as season 6 taken off Amazon Prime [REACTION] Looking back on what it was like to film, the actor explained not everyone was great at keeping a straight face. “It was difficult to film in terms of, pardon the pun, corpsing, because the way she comes back to life and the way people react,” Richard shared. “Caitriona was having a hard time keeping a straight face, we were all having a hard time trying to be serious about the most ridiculous situation. “And then the family, the three of them all have this little moment where she’s woke up and she’s saying silly things and not silly things, but things you wouldn’t expect. “Like, ‘Have you paid this or are you pocketing my cash?’ They’re having this little domestic and then she dies again. “You’re like ‘What?’ It was a lot of fun to shoot but it was bizarre. The shoot was bizarre.’ Richard concluded: “It’s a brilliant scene but I found it ridiculous to film though.” The actor also shared his opinion on Tom, who was once an adversary of Jamie’s. “Tom’s approach to Christianity is questionable but you can see with the children, Allan and Malva, that things are going to go awry at some point,” he teased. “It’s just a case of how. But they’re great.” Outlander season 6 is available to stream on STARZ in the US, and STARZPLAY in the UK.