Max Verstappen has branded Lewis Hamilton and Toto Wolff as “harsh” for their apparent role in the sacking of Michael Masi. The Mercedes duo were furious with the ex-F1 race director following the controversial end to the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December which cost the Briton the championship. Hamilton had looked set to claim a record eighth title as he built-up a comprehensive lead at the season-decider in the desert. But the race was thrown wide open after Williams’ Nicholas Latifi careered into a wall late on, which resulted in a safety car being deployed. During the pause, Verstappen pitted for fresh tyres, while Hamilton stayed on the track to ensure he didn’t relinquish his lead. And as the race was about to get underway once again, Masi allowed five cars which had come between the title protagonists to overtake and move out of the way following conversations with Red Bull chief Jonathan Wheatley. Verstappen was then allowed to pull level with Hamilton for a one-lap shootout and the Dutchman stormed to race victory to get his hands on the F1 trophy. JUST IN: Toto Wolff in brutal Masi snub and expresses Verstappen sympathy  Masi faced heavy criticism in the aftermath of the race, with Mercedes launching two unsuccessful protests before they ultimately decided against appealing the result. Hamilton then went to ground and shunned the spotlight over the winter, with reports suggesting he wouldn’t return to the sport until the results of an FIA inquiring had been released. There were rumours that Wolff and Hamilton wanted Masi gone ahead of the new season - and Verstappen believes the duo acted harshly. “You can always argue was it right, was it wrong, what he did in Abu Dhabi,” Verstappen admitted in a new Sky documentary. DON'T MISS:Red Bull boss Christian Horner takes dig at Lewis Hamilton after new Max Verstappen dealFerrari boss sceptical of Mercedes and Red Bull secrets ahead of first 2022 F1 raceHelmut Marko makes worrying Red Bull and Mercedes admission with Ferrari verdict  “But I think what Michael stood for was always racing. “I think it's very harsh what they did to him and they really put him into the ground.” Masi was eventually removed as race director last month, with Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas set to share the role this season. And Wolff has recently admitted he is “happy” with the changes the FIA have made after Masi’s axing was announced at a meeting of the F1 Commission.   “I think most importantly is that we move on,” the Mercedes chief said after the meeting. “There was so much discussion about the Abu Dhabi events for the right reasons because how the Grand Prix ended is not how a Formula One world championship should end. “But the FIA has put in some good new structures and we're happy about that.” 