Suki Panesar (played by Balvinder Sopal) famously refuses to listen to advice from anyone except possibly her oldest son Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol). The businesswoman was left furious in Wednesday’s EastEnders when she discovered the family lawyer had betrayed them after listening to Dotty Cotton (Milly Zero) but could firing her lead to financial ruin? Dotty has been staying with the Panesars after Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota) took her under his wing. The opinionated bar manager expressed her views on Kheerat’s guilty plea but Suki wouldn't listen. Refusing to ignore her concerns, Dotty reached out to disgraced lawyer Eve Unwin (Heather Pearce) for help. Eve explained the Panesars’ lawyer Tej Bansal (Aishah Afzal) was also working with another family and this could provide a conflict of interest. Read more: EastEnders twist as Chelsea Fox 'given heartbreaking health diagnosis' Realising the connection between Kheerat and the family, Dotty said: “The Sharmas own half the corner shops around here. “Vinny moans about them all the time they’re always undercutting the Minute Mart. “They’re rival families who hate each other so why would Tej work for both?” Dotty and Eve explained the situation to Suki who agreed Kheerat needed a new lawyer they could trust. She told her son: “You need a new lawyer for tomorrow’s hearing. Tej betrayed us, she’s been working for the Sharmas.” “She wouldn’t do that,” Kheerat insisted but his mum explained: “Well, there’s evidence to prove it.” “Tej is the Sharmas puppet and they want you locked up,” Suki added. Kheerat agreed to plead guilty and Eve used her connections to find him a lawyer. Despite the good news, Suki snapped at Vinny when he questioned Kheerat’s decision to change his plea. DON'T MISSEastEnders exit for Isaac Baptiste as he leaves Albert Square [SPOILER]EastEnders theory: Stacey heartbreak as Harvey urges Jean to leave? [THEORY]EastEnders recasts pivotal character in the middle of storyline [INSIGHT] Dotty told Vinny: “Kheerat’s pleading not guilty,” and he asked: “Really? Tej changed her mind?” “Do not mention that woman’s name in this house again,” Suki hit out. “Tej has been playing Kheerat so Eve got him a new lawyer,” Dotty explained. “And they’re good? Because clearly, it isn’t an open and shut case,” Vinny questioned. But, Suki swiped: “When I want your opinion…,” and Vinny explained: “Kheerat did knock Gray [Atkins] out.” Noticing Suki’s stressed persona, Dotty wanted: “Vinny, just leave it. Kheerat’s coming home, end of.” The Panesar matriarch may be thrilled her son has a chance of coming home but she could be concerned about the viability of the family business. If the Sharmas were willing to turn the Panesars’ lawyer against them, they won’t be pleased when they realise their stunt has been exposed. In retaliation, they may set out to drive the Panesars out of business by targeting the Minute Mart. As Suki struggles to hand over control to Vinny while Kheerat is in prison, will the rival family exploit the Panesars’ weakness and force them to sell the Walford business? EastEnders airs on BBC One Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.