Chelsea have reportedly fallen behind a transfer rival in their chase for the signing of Riyad Mahrez. The Algerian has starred for Manchester City this season, but his contract will enter its final year in the summer. That has attracted the interest of a range of clubs, especially given he has proven so effective for Pep Guardiola’s men. Mahrez has scored 21 goals and notched seven assists to help City top the Premier League table ad all but book their place in the quarter-finals of the Champions League. His latest impressive performance came on Sunday when he scored two second-half goals to help Guardiola’s side thrash rivals Manchester United. But the 31-year-old’s future is looking increasingly uncertain, despite his obvious importance to City this term. The winger’s contract expires in the summer of 2023, which means that the upcoming transfer window will likely be the last opportunity for City to bring in a sizeable fee for him. JUST IN: Billionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle headache over Abramovich deal And according to Footmercato, one club who are interested in exploiting that situation is City’s Premier League rivals Chelsea. The Blues have struggled at times going forward this term and appear keen to boost Thomas Tuchel’s options in the position. But they are facing strong competition from Ligue 1 table toppers Paris Saint-Germain, who are also eyeing a move for Mahrez. The report states that PSG view the 31-year-old as the ‘ideal’ replacement for Angel Di Maria, who is set to leave the Parc des Princes at the end of this season. DON'T MISS: Roman Abramovich destroyed as Chelsea owner blamed for Man Utd demise (NEWS)Chelsea could copy Liverpool plan as new bidder enters picture (INSIGHT)Chelsea may rue no buy-back clauses for two stars as player nears exit (ANALYSIS) Their adulation of him is said to ‘matured’ ever since he scored twice against them in last season’s Champions League semi-final. The French giants actually approached Mahrez last summer before the arrival of Lionel Messi, but their interest in him remains. It is claimed that Mahrez’s contract situation at City means that he will be affordable to most suitors, with the Algerian set to only cost £33million at most. Despite that relatively low fee though, Chelsea appear to have slipped back in their battle with PSG for the winger’s signature. The Blues are said to be ‘keenly interested’ in stealing him away from the Etihad Stadium, as they seek to upgrade their options ahead of a title push. But the recent news that Roman Abramovich is ready to sell the club has had a negative impact on their chase for Mahrez. According to Footmercato, Abramovich’s announcement of a sale has put the Blues’ transfer business ‘on hold’. Bidders have been lining up to take the club off Abramovich’s hands and Tuchel will hope any takeover progresses quickly to reignite his chase for Mahrez.