A decision “is yet to be reached” on how much prescription charges should cost for the remainder of the year, stoking fears higher prescriptions could make the cost of living crisis worse. The Government has already been criticised for considering scrapping free prescriptions for 60-64-year-olds. Prescriptions are charged at a flat rate per item in England, currently fixed at £9.35. This price is unrelated to the true cost of the medicine to the NHS, and has been described as a tax on healthcare. The last time prescription charges were frozen was over a decade ago in 2010, when they were fixed at £7.20. Last year alone, prescription charges rose by 20p an item. READ MORE: ‘Policy on the hoof!’ Javid slammed for flu jabs move amid NHS backlog In a written response to a parliamentary question last Tuesday, Edward Argar, a health minister, confirmed that the charges “will not be uplifted on April 1”. He added: “There is currently no planned announcement on any future increase. “Decisions on increases take account of a range of evidence including the Gross Domestic Product deflator.” However, the Pharmaceutical Services Negotiating Committee (PSNC) – which negotiates with the Department for Health on behalf of pharmacists – said prices could still go up within the year. Speaking to trade publication Chemist and Druggist, Suraj Shah, PSNC’s drug tariff manager, said that the Department for Health “has said that a decision is yet to be reached on prescription charges for the remainder of 2022/23”. He added that the change “could be announced later in the year”. If this were to occur, it would place further pressure on those already struggling to pay bills amid soaring inflation – which reached 6.2 percent in February. Health workers have already expressed worries about the impact on individuals’ healthcare that raising the age for free prescriptions from 60 to 65 might have. DON'T MISS Anti-social teens terrorising town asked to become advisors by council [INSIGHT] Couple ate scallops and steak at restaurant then left without paying [REPORT] Russia details chilling plan for ‘new world order’ with China [ANALYSIS] Speaking to Express.co.uk last month, Leyla Hannbeck, chief executive of the Association of Independent Multiple Pharmacists, commented: “We are concerned that this will force many to re-assess the value of taking their medication. Poor compliance is a barrier to the prevention of ill health. “These cost-cutting measures may lead to increased demand through the escalation of illness or hospitalisations moving forward. A false economy leading to further expenditure for the NHS. “At a time when cost of living is rising and people are struggling with the day-to-day costs, this move is a further slap in the face for many vulnerable people.” Mike Hewitson, a pharmacy owner and superintendent pharmacist in Somerset, said there was a concern that for those with long-term conditions, the proposal “may end up leading to them starting to ration their own care.” He added: “If you are on a low or fixed income, while £9.35 might not sound like a lot, if it's a choice between eating and getting your prescription, potentially, some people will not choose to take some medicine.” Mr Hewitson said there was “likely to be quite a big impact on adherence to preventive medicine. Patients […] making decisions based on economic necessity rather than health need.” The Government has yet to make a decision on free prescriptions following a consultation at the end of last year. When approached for comment about prescription charges, the Department for Health said it had nothing further to add to the minister’s prior statement.