Shane Farrington absconded from HMP Thorn Cross in Warrington after last being seen at around 6.45pm on Thursday. Cheshire Constabulary they were carrying out "a number of enquiries" in a bid to trace the 39-year-old.  Police said Mr ​Farrington was last seen wearing a dark top with white writing on the front, blue jeans, black shoes, a dark coat and has a dark rucksack. He is known to have links within the Peterborough area. Mr Farrington was further imprisoned after being convicted of the manslaughter of a fellow inmate at HMP Peterborough in 2009. In a statement, superintendent Mike Evans said: “We currently have numerous officers carrying out a variety of searches to locate Farrington.   “While our enquiries are ongoing we’re urging anyone who sees Farrington to not approach him but to instead call Cheshire Constabulary immediately on 999 quoting IML 1230000. “Officers will be maintaining a presence around the prison and in the local area to provide reassurance to the community. “If you have any concerns please do speak to one of them.” According to contemporaneous reports, Mr Farrington was part of a prison group who ganged up on another prisoner who was believed to be dealing tobacco and drugs inside.   Following a blow to the head, the prisoner died of a heart attack in his cell. The attack was "designed to give him a violent warning", investigating officers said. Mr Farrington was one of multiple prisoners convicted of manslaughter. At the time, Mr Farrington had previous convictions for attempted robbery in 2002 and robbery in 2009. According to the Liverpool Echo, Mr Farrington has previously absconded from prison. In 2018, he is said to have given officers the slip while being treated for a head injury at a Norfolk hospital.  Mr Farrington is the second inmate to escape from HMP Thorn Cross this week. On Wednesday, traffic on the M6 motorway was halted for several hours after Jonathan Simpson went missing. The prisoner had last been seen at around 9am that morning, according to the Cheshire Constabulary. Following the search of the M6 near Lymm, "numerous" officers carried out a number of searches including the use of police dogs. Mr Simpson was arrested by police on Thursday. 