Andy Murray has come clean on an incident with his coach that saw him storm out of a taxi and walk home following tournament disappointment. The three-time Grand Slam champion is set to reunite with Ivan Lendl in April, just in time for grass-court preparations to begin. Murray's short-term stint with coach Jan de Witt ended with a whimper at the Australian Open, when the 34-year-old was dumped out in the second round. He subsequently took drastic action, parting ways with the German and deciding to sit out the entire clay-court season. As Murray commits to a longer-term vision, he will reunite with Lendl, with whom he won two Wimbledon titles, two Olympic gold medals and a US Open during their first two stints working together. Lendl, an eight-time Grand Slam winner, coached Murray between 2011 and 2014, and then came back for a year between 2016 and 2017. READ MORE: Serena Williams claims she'd 'be in jail' if she raged at umpire like Alexander Zverev did While the Scot will no doubt feel positive about the prospect of working with the coach who brought him so much success, it has not always been smooth sailing between Murray and his team. Still a youngster and working under former coach Brad Gilbert, he recalled an incident at the 2007 Moselle Open which saw tempers flare. "I remember losing in the final to Tommy Robredo," Murray told the Moselle Open YouTube channel. "I had started that match unbelievably well, I won the first set 6-0 and then it didn't go my way after that.  "I was just reminded this week by the driver, who drove me back to the hotel after that final, that my coach [Brad Gilbert] was very upset with me after I lost the match. "On the way back we were arguing a lot and I ended up leaving, I got out of the car and walked back to the hotel. "That's probably my biggest memory from Metz because it's the first and last time I did that."  Murray's professional relationship with Gilbert ended that same year, and the American went on to work with Kei Nishikori and Sam Querrey. 2021 saw the two-time Wimbledon champion enjoy another good run in Metz, beating Ugo Humbert and Vasek Pospisil en route to the quarter-finals. He was eventually pipped in straight sets by top seed Hubert Hurkacz. Murray has been given a wildcard for this month's two Masters Series events at Indian Wells and Miami, but with Lendl yet to come in, the main focus will likely remain on the grass-court season which begins in June. The Czech-born 62-year-old has not coached on tour since his partnership with Alexander Zverev ended in 2019.