Season two of Bridgerton premieres on Netflix on March 25, 2022 with eight new episodes to delight fans. Netflix recently dropped a teaser with and a longer trailer to follow closer to release. The show first aired on Christmas Day in 2020 and told a saucy tale of Regency intrigue and romance. Viewers can expect more of the same but with some major changes. The Viscount Who Loved Me - Anthony and Kate’s story Season two of Bridgerton will be adapting material from The Viscount Who Loved Me, the second novel in Julia Quinn’s Bridgerton book series. There are eight main Bridgerton novels in total and each season of the television show is expected to be dedicated to one book. Each of the books focuses on a different sibling from the Bridgerton clan and so each time the main characters will shift. The ninth Bridgerton novel is more of a collection of epilogues and excerpts Quinn has written to fill in some of the blanks for fans. READ MORE: Bridgerton: TV shows to watch while you wait for the new series The Duke won’t be present The Viscount Who Loved Me is about the eldest of the Bridgerton brood: Anthony (played by Jonathan Bailey) and his passionate love affair with Kate Sheffield - this has been changed to Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) for the multicultural reimagining for the 1800s for the TV show. This means former leads Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) and Simon, the Duke of Hastings (Regé-Jean Page) will be minor characters. While Dynevor will be making a return, Page has already confirmed he has bowed out of the show for good. In The Viscount Who Loved Me, Simon and Daphne only make a fleeting appearance in one scene, so the drama will be following suit with the source text in this respect. READ MORE: Bridgerton: What happened to Edmund Bridgerton? The tragic backstory Anthony is on the lookout for a wife Season one laid the foundations for the second outing with Anthony swearing off love following his break up with opera singer Siena Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett). Anthony vowed to find a suitable wife without the romance part attached, so he would form a prudent union. The producers have already shared some details about the new episodes with Kate and her younger sister Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) and mother Mary (Shelley Conn) arriving in London from India. Anthony will turn his attentions to Edwina but Kate is going to be highly protective of her younger sister from the notorious rake with unexpected consequences. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton: What happened to Edmund Bridgerton? The tragic backstory [EXPLAINER]Bridgerton season 1 sex scenes: When are they? A guide to skipping [ANALYSIS]Is Eloise pregnant in Bridgerton season 2? [THEORY] Kate has her own demons which viewers will gain an insight into - much like Simon in season one. Her sister Edwina, too, will be on the lookout for love rather than just a union based on wealth. Edmund Bridgerton Additionally, viewers will learn more about Anthony and his backstory, including details about how his father Edmund Bridgerton (Rupert Evans) died. The trailer has already featured flashbacks of a teenage Anthony shooting with his father Edmund - something which may be mirrored in the hunting scenes with Kate. Eloise makes her debut Expect more character development for the Bridgerton siblings with Eloise (Claudia Jessie) entering into society as she timidly debuts formally. There have also been theories Eloise is pregnant after a photo emerged of her with an apparent baby bump - so this could also serve as possible plot point. READ MORE: Why can't Anthony Bridgerton be with Siena? Break up explained The Featheringtons have a new heir Although Anthony and Kate will be the focal point of the show, well-loved characters will have a part to play in this multi-faceted world. Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) and her unrequited love for Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton) will continue to simmer on. There will also be much change for the Featheringtons following the death of Lord Featherington (Ben Miller) in season one with a new heir coming to town. Lady Whistledown continues to scribe away Penelope will also be trying to keep her identity as scandal sheet writer Lady Whistledown under wraps while her best friend Eloise Bridgerton will be investigating the matter further. She has already promised she is sharpening her knives for the Ton and actress Coughlan saying how her alter-ego will be scathing in her missives. Coughlan said in reference to Penelope how "hurt people hurt people", suggesting the character could be licking her wounds after being an outlier in society. New characters The Ton will feature some new additions, who are not in the novels but have been created for the show including one new character who will be played by Rupert Young. Bridgerton season 2 will be released on Netflix on March 25