The senior Conservative MP blamed excessive regulation from Brussels for stifling the UK economy. Speaking at a think tank event this afternoon, he suggested the EU was struggling to remain competitive on the world stage due to imposing unnecessary red tape. He accused the bloc of focusing too much on big business and not helping small and medium enterprises with new ideas to flourish. "Of course, if you have great big compliance departments, then in a way you don't mind that regulation so much because also what it does beautifully for you is to shut out the new players," he told an event hosted by Politeia titled Getting Brexit done - a bonfire of controls. "They don't have that scope for compliance and for their departments to be huge and to manage this change and it means their job of trying to get that compliance is very much difficult and it takes away their ability to complete to a dramatic degree." Sir Iain last year headed up a taskforce for the Government to look at areas where EU regulation could be scrapped or amended to unleash the UK's potential. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG It made over 100 recommendations to ministers to ditch the bureaucracy first imposed by Brussels. The Government has since appointed Jacob Rees-Mogg as Brexit Opportunities Minister and tasked him with implementing areas of the report. Criticising the continent's regulatory model, Sir Iain added: "As with most problems with the European Union, it seems mostly in business about the existing big players. "The little ones, the innovative ones that will change the nature of how that area of business works, are shut out early on. "It is why in a way when you look at the European Union, it has become the least competitive trading area in the world and its proportion of global trade has been shrinking over the years. "That's because there is a distinct lack of innovation now in Europe because of this over-regulation that favours big companies." DON'T MISS:Ask Dr Phillip Lee your burning questions on Brexit [GET INVOLVED]Time for Article 16 now GONE, writes BEN HABIB [COMMENT]'We want to champion it!' Boris outlines his Brexit ambition [UPDATE] The EU accounted for more than a third of the world's GDP in 1960. However, by 2100 it is expected to make up just one-tenth of global GDP, according to the Pardee Center of the University of Denver. Brexiteers have long argued the development of new markets around the world and the EU's loss of economic clout is proof as to why the UK should quit the bloc. At the start of the year, Prime Minister Boris Johnson pledged to go "further and faster" to maximise the opportunities of Brexit. He said he wanted to reduce EU regulation "so that we can thrive as a modern, dynamic and independent country". "From simplifying the EU’s mind-bogglingly complex beer and wine duties to proudly restoring the crown stamp onto the side of pint glasses, we’re cutting back on EU red tape and bureaucracy and restoring common sense to our rulebook," he said at the time. "The job isn’t finished and we must keep up the momentum. "In the year ahead my government will go further and faster to deliver on the promise of Brexit and take advantage of the enormous potential that our new freedoms bring."