Jenny ‘The Vixen’ Ryan has furiously responded to critics of The Chase’s first ever all-women panel in aid of International Women’s Day on Tuesday. Jenny pointed out that it was a “special” episode as she made her dramatic entrance into the Chaser’s chair. While Jenny said she was delighted to be involved in the first all-female show, she assured contestants Leanne, Donna, Payal and Abigail, that “sisterhood” wouldn’t stop her giving them a good competition. Many viewers loved the show, and one fan named Carly tweeted that it was the “perfect way to celebrate IWD”. Ash echoed: “Massive kudos to ITV for celebrating #InternationalWomenDay in this way. I’m an hour behind on the +1 channel as usual but I think this is going to be a good one.” And Bethany said: “Respect The Chase for having an all-female team and a female Chaser.” READ MORE:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update But some took issue with the format and wondered when there will be an “all-male” version of the show. Joanna tweeted: “Will you do an all-male show? I’m a believer in equality and fairness. Fed up with hearing the words sisterhood and girl power!” @BR825 fumed: “Just seen four women on The Chase. Imagine the outrage if that was the other way around. Equality has gone too far.” And Michael said: “So pleased I missed it.” Taking no prisoners, Jenny retaliated by simply telling critics to: “Get a grip.” Referencing the female line up, host Bradley Walsh said as he opened the show: "This is great, this is really good. Something's going on here though, isn't it?" Contestant Abigail replied: "Yeah, we're taking over the world Brad. Mind out." Just two of the four women made it to the final chase – but their chances of winning £5,000 was squashed by Jenny who managed to catch them with 22 seconds to spare. DON'T MISS‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence[INSIGHT]Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen[LATEST]Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz[NEWS] Jenny joined the ITV show back in 2015 after being recommended by veteran Chaser Ann Hegerty. The pair had previously competed on the same quiz team, where Jenny was captain. Jenny has also appeared on Let’s Sing and Dance for Comic Relief, Celebrity MasterChef and The X Factor: Celebrity. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.