Energy bills are set to go up next month, and with many still using their heating, now is the perfect time to make sure the home is well insulated, including looking at the flooring around the home. One expert has shared top tips when it comes to flooring that will ensure properties are energy efficient. Josh Barber, Buyer at Flooring Superstore, explained: “Homeowners should always consider what goes on below foot when it comes to insulating the home. “By choosing the right flooring components, heat loss can be minimised, creating a warmer home and in turn, reduce energy bills. “Underlay, which can be used below carpets, laminate and wood flooring, is made up of millions of tiny fibres which are natural insulators, trapping the cold air that travels up through the floor to ensure it doesn’t make its way into the home. “As a result, the home becomes naturally warmer, meaning less reliance on energy-intensive heat sources.” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours When any floor in the home is replaced, it is also recommended to replace the underlay too which helps to reduce noise and improve air quality. For those looking to replace their floor, there are a number of options to consider when it comes to retaining heat in the property. The expert explained: “Flooring that uses materials like concrete or wood might be on-trend, but by their very nature, they can often feel cold underfoot and are difficult to insulate. “However, there are some new, innovative products out there that not only meet current styles for both new and period properties but offer multiple benefits from a thermal comfort point of view. DON'T MISS:House prices: ‘Most underrated way’ of adding value to a property [COMMENT]Orchids: ‘Key part’ of looking after houseplant - avoid root rot [EXPERT]‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [INSIGHT] “Take vinyl for example. Although it’s a cheaper alternative to some of the other flooring options available, modern ranges offer a superior style and aesthetic to what homeowners might at first think.” Vinyl can offer additional comfort as well as extra warmth. Many people opt for carpet in their homes, offering a cosy feel in rooms like the sitting room and bedrooms. Josh said: “Carpet is one of the warmest flooring options you can choose. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Wool carpets are natural, fire resistant, warm and a popular choice in many homes, bringing a natural textured feel. “Alternatively, saxony pile has tufted ends providing extra comfort underfoot and twist carpets are similar to saxony without the tufted ends, bringing comfort and durability to your home.” If it is time to update the heating system, the expert recommended looking at underfloor heating. He said this was a “cost-effective option”. Josh added: “Whether you choose electric or water-based systems, you can benefit from consistent heat throughout the room where it is installed. “Compared to traditional radiators, which need to be heated to a higher temperature, typically between 65 degrees celsius and 75 degrees celsius, underfloor heating only needs to run at around 29 degrees celsius or lower. “Because these systems consume less energy, this helps to reduce your energy bills. “If you’re moving over to underfloor heating, you’ll need to consider which flooring you team it with. Real wood solid flooring isn’t advised as the planks can become damaged with the fluctuations in temperature."