David Henig, who helped set up the UK's International Trade Department following Brexit and previously worked on the EU-US trade negotiations, said there was now a chance of more "pragmatic" relations between London and Brussels. Following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, talks between Britain and the EU on the Northern Ireland Protocol have all but ground to a halt. Discussions began last October after the UK accused Brussels of being overly "purist" in its implementation of the deal. Ministers said a heavy-handed approach to customs checks on goods crossing the Irish Sea was impacting the UK's internal market. It was claimed the Protocol was responsible for more than a fifth of all customs checks carried out by the EU. The UK has repeatedly warned that it is willing to use Article 16 of the Protocol, which legally allows aspects to the treaty to be suspended, unless the EU agreed to a renegotiation. READ MORE: Nancy Pelosi issues direct threat to Brexit Britain Brussels continues to say the international agreement must be implemented in full but grace periods on customs checks have been extended while talks take place. Mr Henig believes a shift in focus following the outbreak fo war may lead to the current temporary trading relationship becoming more permanent. He told Express.co.uk: "The pragmatic way in which we deal with international economic relations and trade relations is that we use treaties and trade agreements as a basis, but we actually handle things in a sensible way that keeps trade running. "We don't kind of yell at each other all the time and say you're breaking the rules, we just sort of make things work as we go along. "We've had a nudge in that direction. "It's not proven that will last, but if it does, some people would be very happy if it just carried on as a sort of 'we'll just make this work pragmatically' rather than 'let's examine the text exactly and point out why you or I are breaking the rules in these ways'. DON'T MISS:UK has ‘not taken advantage’ of ‘extraordinary’ Brexit vote [REACTION]EU chief meets pro-bloc US officials for crunch talks over Brexit [INSIGHT]John Bercow: Five times former Commons Speaker frustrated Brexit [EXPLAINED] "That's not how economic relations usually work and it would be a lot better if we moved away from it." Despite the belief that the current softer approach to the Protocol's checks could remain in the longer term, the UK has continued to warn it could trigger Article 16. Yesterday it was reported by The Times that Foreign Secretary Liz Truss had told officials to be ready to use the ultimatum as soon as next week. Unnamed sources told the publication Ms Truss had lost faith in the current talks, and she wanted to force a settlement before elections for the Northern Ireland Assembly in May. She wants Prime Minister Boris Johnson to warn the European Commission that Britain would trigger a suspension of parts of the Brexit divorce deal, it claimed. The Foreign Office has not commented. Mr Henig suggested the fresh rhetoric was "just signalling" ahead of the continuation of talks in future. "How many times have 'officials been told to be ready to trigger Article 16 next week?" he said. "We're surely in double figures by now. "Article 16 remains resolutely untriggered. Negotiating positions unchanged."