Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford often joke about one another and Thursday was no different as the GB News host joked his wife was “more dangerous” than their dog Maggie. The moment came after Eamonn encouraged Isabel to bring her children to see the pooch as she shared her fears over dangerous dogs. Isabel began: “Just this weekend gone, we were in a coffee shop when my littlest, four-years-old went to stroke a little dog. “The dog tried to bite her and, in the context of the news, I was all over her. “My daughter, she went back for more. My daughter wanted to stroke the dog again. “As a parent, I think these stories really do make you think twice about encouraging your child to pet dogs. Always ask the owner.” READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Eamonn encouraged: “Come and pet our Maggie,” referring to the pooch he shares with wife Ruth. Isabel agreed they would as the GB New host continued: “My wife’s more dangerous than the dog. “I wouldn’t pet her. If you pet her she would probably bite.” Isabel laughed: “I doubt Poppy would be trying to pet Ruthie but who knows, maybe.” Eamonn’s joke came after the pair spoke to dog behaviourist Anna Webb about the rise in dog attacks in the UK. Anna remarked: “What I feel is there’s a lack of understanding about dogs around children and the fact we tend to treat dogs as little people when in fact they are dogs. “They have instincts and reactions to certain stimuli. “To label certain dogs as being more aggressive than others under breed-specific legislation has been proven to be outdated and wrong by science. DON'T MISS...Royal expert slams Prince Harry for missing Prince Philip's memorial [LATEST]Ruth Langsford blasts Eamonn Holmes for 'treating her like a child' [INSIGHT]'He will live off this' Eamonn Holmes comments on Will Smith incident [VIDEO] “What’s always interesting in these cases is this kind of witch hunt to find out if it was a particular type of dog and label and be judgemental. “I do understand that dogs in this latest tragic case were not deemed to be on this ‘dangerous dogs list’.” As Isabel listed a number of dogs breeds which were banned by the Home Secretary 30 years ago, she asked if some breeds were more likely to bite than others. “No, as I jus mentioned, science has actually proved that your typical family dogs like a Golden Retriever or Labrador are just as likely to bite you as a Jack Russell or Terrier or a Pomeranian,” Anna said. “What it all boils down to with dogs is their individuality as you say. “But also done to their breeding and early socialisation so we learned in the case last week that the dog had only been in the home for a week and nobody knew what its previous experience or owner, who they were.” Anna went on to state boundaries are “very important” for dogs and owners needed to understand why they “needed boundaries”. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am on GB News