Cheltenham Festival began on Tuesday, March 15, and will come to and end today, March 18. Guests have hit the style mark every day and today was no exception. Who were the best dressed? Yesterday, racegoers attended the races wearing Irish colours in honour of St. Patrick’s Day, but some had decided to continue with the theme of wearing bright colours today. One woman wore a bright fuchsia coat with a matching hat, accentuated with a black bow. Another racegoer wore an orange leather coat, pairing it with a black hat and a black quilted Louis Vuitton bag. Her partner wore a matching orange tie with a navy blue three-piece suit featuring a subtle tartan print. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps Hats were of course very prevalent on the racecourse and one woman turned up wearing one that was adorned with feathers. The feathers were yellow and intertwined with yellow petals. Another person to wear a feathered hat was Carol Vorderman, who donned a khaki beret with brown feathers attached to the top. As for the rest of her look, the TV personality wore a long beige coat lined with fur. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] Underneath this, she opted for a tight khaki top, a leather skirt, and knee-high leather boots. Wearing knee-high boots was another popular trend at Cheltenham. Many racegoers were pictured donning black leather boots, while others opted for brown sueded knee-high boots. Rosie Tapner wore similar colours to Carol – she donned a light brown trench coat cinched in at the waist with a thick belt. She finished off the look with a matching hat and a pair of knee-high brown boots in suede. Posting on her Instagram this morning, the TV presenter and model unveiled that her outfit was top-to-toe Holland Cooper, a British brand that champions tailored clothing. Model Laura Blair also chose to wear Holland Cooper at today’s races, but her look consisted of a long tartan trench coat and matching trousers. A classic version of the print, the tartan was red, blue, and green with hints of yellow. The racecourse wasn’t short of tartan as many others turned up wearing the print too. Sophie Hermann wore a pair of pink and green check shorts with a matching coat and a black turtleneck. Toni Terry, wife of former footballer John Terry, wore an all-black outfit with a long red tartan coat featuring gold buttons. Other stand-out looks included a woman’s beige beret which was adorned with long peacock feathers. She paired this with a beige tartan jacket and a silk shirt. Other interesting hats included furry headbands, farmer-like flat caps, and wide fedoras.