Having starred in 1980 comedy 9 to 5, Dolly Parton went on to act in a few more movies over the years. Her most recent was 2012’s Joyful Noise with Queen Latifah and now, a decade on, the 76-year-old is gearing up for another film. This one’s particularly close to the Country singer’s heart as it’s an adaptation of the new novel she co-wrote with James Pattinson. Run, Rose, Run was published earlier this month and has gone on to top The New York Times bestseller list. Parton also recorded a companion record of the same name that was a UK No 1 on the Country Albums charts. The story follows a young woman who travels to Nashville in pursuit of her dream to be a country music star. However, there’s a secret connected to her songs that she’s in desperate need to hide as it could threaten her future. Reece Witherspoon, who won an Oscar for playing Country singer June Carter, the wife and collaborator of Johnny Cash, is producing the movie adaptation of Run, Rose, Run through her media company Hello Sunshine. According to Variety, the 46-year-old said: “Growing up in Nashville, I’ve loved Dolly since the moment I heard her magical voice and saw her luminous personality shine onstage. Beyond her magnetic presence as an artist and performer, she is one of the greatest songwriters and storytellers of our time. Her impact knows no bounds – as a musician, actor, writer, businesswoman, activist and all around incredible human being – Dolly Parton is not only an icon to me, but a true inspiration to women and girls everywhere. My admiration for her grew to even greater heights when reading Run, Rose, Run, a gripping and heartbreaking book I couldn’t put down. I couldn’t feel more honored to be working alongside her and James to bring this remarkable story to the screen.” DON'T MISSDolly Parton plans to record and release her Elvis Presley song LISTEN [ELVIS SONG]Dolly Parton would choose Elvis Presley as ‘my LAST conversation' [ELVIS]Elvis Presley sang Dolly Parton song to Priscilla as they got divorced [PRISCILLA] Parton herself said: “James and I love Reese and look forward to working with her and her wonderful team. Patterson added: “It has been a joy working with Dolly Parton on this book. It’s a great story that we are both proud of. And, in partnership with Reese Witherspoon and Hello Sunshine, we will produce a great movie.” It’s not clear if Witherspoon will also play a role in the movie just yet and a release date for the film is TBC. SOURCE