Novak Djokovic has been included in the draw for this month's two-week event at Indian Wells amid questions over whether he will be allowed to enter the United States in order to participate in the tournament. The Serb is set to face either David Goffin or Jordan Thompson in his first match on Saturday as he looks to bounce back from his Australian Open saga with an impressive showing on the other side of the Atlantic. However, his refusal to get vaccinated against COVID-19 may once again have significant implications with regard to his eligibility to play later this week. Djokovic was prevented from taking part in this year's Australian Open when he was deported from the country on the eve of the tournament back in January. It seems that he could also face similar issues in trying to enter the US after it was revealed that he is yet to receive confirmation over whether he will be allowed to travel. A statement from Indian Wells organisers read: "Novak Djokovic is on the tournament entry list, and therefore is placed into the draw today. "We are currently in communication with his team; however, it has not been determined if he will participate in the event by getting CDC approval to enter the country." JUST IN: Ukraine tennis star takes up arms in Kyiv after Novak Djokovic message The CDC website as of March 3 indicated that non-US citizens who are not immigrants must show proof of vaccination against Covid to travel into the country by air. Tournament officials have also taken steps to clarify that all players will need to be fully vaccinated in order to gain entry to the venue in California. "In order to enter the Indian Wells Tennis Garden, the 2022 BNP Paribas Open will require all attendees to show valid proof of full vaccination against COVID-19," their website reads. "To keep all patrons on site as safe as possible, no exceptions to the vaccination policy will be allowed. "All tournament volunteers, staff, sponsors, media, and vendors will be fully vaccinated in accordance with this policy." Meanwhile, Djokovic recently suggested that he would rather avoid playing at certain tournaments than be forced to take the vaccine in order to ensure his participation. "I was never against vaccination, but I've always supported the freedom to choose what you put in your body," he told the BBC in a wide-ranging interview last month. "Because the principles of decision making on my body are more important than any title or anything else. I'm trying to be in tune with my body as much as I possibly can." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE When quizzed on whether he should have been given a medical exemption to play at the Australian Open back in January, Djokovic added: "I agree that there should be no special rules. "I never used my status to get into Australia by force or to do anything in this entire process. "As I mentioned, the email I received that was sent to all athletes, we were following the rules and when there was a possibility for a medical exemption, I was using that. "I put forward my PCR test and that I had the right anti-bodies at the time and that was accepted by two independent Australian medicals, anonymously it is important to clarify."