Choosing the right foods to kick-start the day can impact weight loss. Some like to abstain from eating their first meal until later in the day - brunch, or going straight for lunch - while others prefer a small breakfast to keep hunger pangs at bay. Either way, society has suggested foods such as cereals, toasts and fruits are a good breakfast option, with many negating more savoury choices like meats, cheeses and other sources of proteins when making a quick mid-week breakfast. There is, however, one breakfast item that should be avoided if you’re looking to lose belly fat, and that’s pastries, according to a dietician. Trista Best from Balance One Supplements explained why pastries are not the best choice for breakfast if you’re trying to lose weight. She said: “Breakfast pastries like processed and pre-packaged toaster pastries, doughnuts, and even some meal replacement bars can be stalling your weight loss efforts, especially because weight gain around the belly is easily exacerbated by a diet containing refined carbohydrates and sugar. “These pastries are calorie-dense and loaded with ingredients that will lead to inflammation, glucose spikes, and subsequent crashes, as well as only temporary relief from hunger. “This may lead to overeating on other foods soon after consuming breakfast pastries with little to no valuable nutrients.” READ MORE: Menopause: Increasing some food groups can help weight loss The expert also pointed out to eatthis.com that eating foods that are low in nutritional value, especially in the morning hours, can "leave you feeling hungry and fatigued throughout the rest of the day”. Breakfast pastries are a refined carbohydrate and while they have an immediate impact on glucose levels and energy, they can also contribute to belly fat over time, if consumed regularly. For example, one study recently published in The Journal of Nutrition found a connection between regular consumption of refined carbohydrates and more weight around the abdominal area. This same study also found that replacing refined carbohydrates with whole grains could help improve abdominal weight gain. So what do you eat instead of pastries if you’re looking to target belly fat? Here are a few recipe suggestions if you have a sweet tooth. DON'T MISS...Queen Elizabeth loves seafood but refuses to eat common delicacy [INSIDER]Letitia Dean weight loss: How actress dropped 4 dress sizes [PICTURES]How Kate and William display ‘sign of unity and togetherness’ [STYLE] Protein-packed waffles Makes one waffle Ingredients: One egg One scoop protein powder Quarter of a cup oats Quarter of a cup plain greek yoghurt Quarter of a cup milk Quarter of a tsp baking powder Quarter of a tsp salt Method: 1. Blend all of the ingredients. 2. Heat the waffle iron, then spray it down with non-stick cooking spray. 3. Pour in the waffle mixture, then close. 4. Let the waffle cook until the waffle maker beeps. 5. Serve with fresh fruit, if desired. Protein-packed blueberry and lemon ricotta pancakes Makes four servings Ingredients: Two cups frozen wild blueberries Half a cup water Quarter of a cup sugar One cup plain Greek yoghurt One cup low-fat cottage cheese or ricotta Three eggs Juice of one lemon One cup white whole wheat flour Half a tsp baki Method: 1. Mix the blueberries, water, and sugar in a saucepan. 2. Cook over low heat, stirring often, for 10 minutes or until the blueberries begin to break apart. 3. Whisk together the yoghurt, cottage cheese, eggs, and lemon juice in a bowl. 4. Mix the flour, baking soda, and salt in another bowl. Add the flour to the yogurt mixture, and stir just until blended. 5. Heat a large skillet or sauté pan over medium-low heat. 6. Coat with nonstick cooking spray, and add batter in large spoonfuls (about quarter of a cup each). 7. Flip the pancakes when the tops begin to bubble, three to five minutes, and cook the second side until browned. Serve with the warm blueberries. Makes one serving Ingredients: 100g frozen unsweetened pure acai fruit puree Half a cup frozen mixed berries 10 tbsp plain whole milk yoghurt, divided Quarter of a cup unsweetened vanilla almond milk Two tsp honey Two tbsp fresh blueberries One tbsp chopped toasted pecans Half a tsp chia seeds Method: 1. In a blender, combine acai fruit puree, frozen berries, eight tablespoons of the yoghurt, the almond milk, and honey. Cover and blend until smooth. 2. Pour smoothie into a bowl. Top with remaining two tablespoons yoghurt, the fresh blueberries, pecans, and chia seeds.