Prince Andrew has paid his financial settlement to his accuser Ms Giuffre, court documents show. The latest development regarding the Duke of York's lawsuit left Andrew facing calls to reveal how he is funding the settlement which has been reported could amount to as much as £12million. This week, the Treasury broke its silence and clearly stated the Duke of York didn't use public money to pay for the settlement. In response to a Freedom of Information request, which asked whether public money was used for the Duke's legal costs or the out-of-court settlement, the Treasury said: "No public money has been used to pay legal or settlement fees you refer to." This revelation could ramp up calls for Prince Andrew to say whether the Queen or Prince Charles helped him fund the settlement. The "stipulation of dismissal" documents were filed on Monday. These papers officially called for the civil lawsuit to be dismissed and added each party would pay for their own costs and fees. The lawsuit officially came to an end a few hours later, on Tuesday, after New York Judge Lewis A. Kaplan signed the document. Ms Giuffre, previously Virginia Roberts, launched a court case against Andrew last summer. In her lawsuit, she claimed to have been trafficked by convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein when she was 17, a minor under US law, to have sex with Prince Andrew. READ MORE: Prince Charles ‘adored’ Meghan Markle: ‘Welcomed her like a daughter' Since these allegations first emerged, the Duke of York firmly denied any wrongdoing. In his now-notorious interview with Emily Maitlis in November 2019, Andrew also claimed he had no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre. In January, as part of his official response to the lawsuit, the Duke denied again any wrongdoing and demanded a trial by jury. However, in February, the parties involved in the lawsuit filed court documents revealing they had reached an out of court settlement. These papers stated Andrew would make a "substantial donation to Ms Giuffre's charity in support of victims' rights" - but made it clear the sum would not be disclosed. An attachment to the letter announcing the settlement also spoke about Andrew's "regret" for his association with Epstein. The document also read: "Prince Andrew has never intended to malign Ms Giuffre's character, and he accepts that she has suffered both as an established victim of abuse and as a result of unfair public attacks. "It is known that Jeffrey Epstein trafficked countless young girls over many years. "Prince Andrew regrets his association with Epstein, and commends the bravery of Ms Giuffre and other survivors in standing up for themselves and others. "He pledges to demonstrate his regret for his association with Epstein by supporting the fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims." Prince Andrew didn't make any admission of liability in the settlement. The Duke announced in November 2019 he would temporarily step back from public duties. In January, the day after Judge Kaplan did not throw out the lawsuit following a request from the Duke's lawyers, Buckingham Palace announced Andrew had returned his military and royal patronages to the Queen. A brief statement read: "With The Queen's approval and agreement, The Duke of York’s military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to The Queen. "The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen." Royal sources also said the Duke would retain but not use in any official capacity his HRH style and continue not to take part in public duties.