As he watched the shelling of his town Izyum, his mother Olga Olegovna Chencova told him: "This is war. This is war between Ukraine and Russia." But standing freezing cold after crossing into Poland, Ms Chencova finally realised they are safe. Heartbroken Ms Chencova told how they were forced to flee Donbas in 2015 as pro-Moscow separatists, backed by Russian Special Forces, waged war. And after seven years of peace in their new town of Izyum, the English teacher said bombs began to fall around their home again - only this time fighter jets also menaced overhead. Temperatures in eastern Poland dropped to freezing yesterday, as traumatised, exhausted refugees built fires and wrapped themselves up in foil blankets handed out by volunteers. Young and old clung to hot drinks for a degree of warmth while families huddled together. Ms Chencova, 32, told the Daily Express: "I don't know what I am doing here. I don't know where I will sleep with my child. I haven't slept for three days. I think I am safe now. I am safe because they are not bombing here. There is no crash.There is no hell. "We saw bombs near our house. The strategy of the Russians is the same as Donbas. They kill the ordinary people - civilians, children, not the police, not our soldiers. "I don't know why [Putin] came into our country. Our democratic country. "To save us? We didn't need saving. Our life was good. I had a job. My son had a school. Now, I don't know what I am doing here. My son saw everything. I said this is war. This is war between Ukraine and Russia. He said they are crazy. Crazy Russians, stupid Putin." More than one million Ukrainians have fled into Poland since the start of the invasion, including 142,000 on Sunday alone. The huge flows of people displaced by the conflict towards the border have been driven by what appears to be the deliberate targeting of civilians by Russian forces across the country. Polish authorities have responded by paying families who take Ukrainian refugees in and have vowed to find them work and give them free medical care. Polish prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki said unemployment was low enough for his country to help as many Ukrainians as possible. But many of the women crossing into Poland with their children worry what their future holds. Ms Chencova said: "I have been in this situation twice. In Donbas and now in Izyum.We needed to run from Donbas and now we need to run again. My parents are still there. They are not safe. They are living in the basement. It is nonsense to tell people to live like this - planes, weapons, it was so terrible. "Russia are just killing. They kill us. They don't think about our people, they don't think about his people, the Russians. He told them to kill other people. I think he is crazy. "It is heartbreaking. We had a nice home. We sat on the train for two days to Lviv and here we go." Describing how she had to flee her childhood home in 2015, Ms Chencova added: "I lived in Donbas for 25 years. I lived there for one year while there was war. It was like what is happening in Ukraine but without the planes. They just used ground weapons. It is terrible. "We are Ukrainians. We lived in Donbas. There are lots of people there who want to be Russian. There are lots of people who want to go to Russia. We are not the same. We left just to be in Ukraine. We are Ukrainians. We are patriots." Defiant NastyaVeslenko, from Kyiv, said it is her mission to find a new home for her family while her husband Zhamya fights for Ukraine's freedom. Standing alongside her son Artyom, three, they waited to board a bus to take them to a Polish city, possibly Krakow, Warsaw or Poznan. Mrs Veslenko told the Daily Express: "Our children are being killed. We have a very terrible war." "It was very difficult to come here with a little child. We have to be together and pray for our country and for our children." "We are gathered together. It took three days through our country and looking for a place to live." "We came by car and from near the border we walked." "There were lots of planes and lots of bombs. Everyone is screaming and crying. We had to sit in some terrible places to save our children." "It is very difficult for me, but I have to be strong. I must do everything to save my son and my family. My husband is still in Kyiv." "He is trying to save our country and protect everything we have." "We have to be strong. We have to find a place to live. It is my mission." "I am very worried. He is safe at the moment, but he is in very difficult conditions now."