Dick Van Dyke, 96, and his wife Arlene Silver, 50, celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary last month. Despite a decade together, the Mary Poppins star admitted he was concerned about public perception when he wed a woman 46 years his junior. Dick confessed to Closer Weekly in a new interview: “I thought there would be an outcry about a gold digger marrying an old man. “But no one ever took that attitude.” On what has made their union a success, he explained that their almost half-century age gap has had no impact on their relationship because they “share an attitude”. The Chitty Chitty Bang Bang actor explained: “She can go with the flow. She loves to dance, which we do almost every day. She’s just delightful.” READ MORE:Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. Arlene also gushed: “He is the most perfect human being. “I’ve never met anyone so happy, so genuine, so amazing. He’s just like a happy pill.” The pair met at the SAG Awards in 2007 when Dick presented the Lifetime Achievement Award to co-star Julie Andrews. Arlene, a professional makeup artist, was getting Dick ready for the ceremony and she asked: “Weren’t you in Mary Poppins?” They began chatting and realised they had a lot in common. They were friends for years and Dick hired her to do his makeup for a couple of his films. It wasn’t until 2011 that they began a romantic relationship and wed the following year. Explaining her attraction to Dick, Arlene told Huffington Post in 2013: “We got along immediately as friends, so it didn't feel like he was so much older than me. DON'T MISSAlexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married?[INSIGHT]Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts[LATEST]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans[NEWS] “When we were working together on a movie, there was one time when we were doing a night shoot... and he was laughing like he always does. "It was the way he was lit or something and I thought, 'Wait a minute!' I just felt a little different. “I was single for like six years, nothing ever worked out and I think it was because it wasn't supposed to. Dick is like no one I've ever known.” Dick had two long-term relationships prior to meeting Arlene. He was married to Margie Willett for 36 years until 1984. They share four children together, Christian, 72, Barry, 70, Carrie, 60, and Stacy, whose age is not known. He then fell in love with Michelle Triola and they were together until her death from lung cancer in 2009, aged 76. Last month, Dick and Arlene went viral in a sweet Valentine’s Day video dancing to Everybody Loves a Lover by Doris Day. Dick shared the clip to his Instagram page and called Arlene his “forever Valentine” in the caption. Speaking to Parade, the Grammy Award winner said he will continue to perform for as long as he can because it is his “favourite thing to do”. He continued: “It’s kind of my retirement amusement. I don’t play golf. I have more fun singing and dancing.”