The former Belgian Prime Minister was speaking after attending the Conference on the Future of Europe in Strasbourg where Ukrainian citizens spoke about the recent Russian invasion. Writing on Twitter, the MEP warned his counterparts we “need a stronger Europe” and to “defend our interests”.  He said: “Impressive testimonies from Ukrainian citizens to sharpen our mind at the start of the Conference debate on the EU’s role in the world. “We need a stronger, more sovereign, more united Europe to defend our values and interests.” During the conference a number of Ukrainian citizens spoke directly to European Parliamentarians about the impact of the Russian invasion and the future of Europe. One woman described it as a “tragedy” not just for Ukraine but the whole “European family”.  She said: “I’m a witness of this tragedy, which touches not just Ukraine but the whole European family. “And if someone in the family is in pain, the suffering should affect every member. “We can no longer remain deaf. We have to act.” Another Ukrainian woman implored the EU to demonstrate that they are ready to protect the “civilised European, democratic world.” READ MORE:Russia 'doesn't understand trouble it's in' as Ukraine secures weapons   She said:” Please, show Putin Europe’s strength. “Show him that you are decisive, that you are ready to protect the civilised European, democratic world.” Another female Ukrainian citizen implored the EU to stop the “disgusting” war. She said:” Glory to Ukraine. Colleagues, we have to stop this war, because this war is disgusting.” DON'T MISS: Pakistan on brink as Imran Khan breaks with army with brutal jibe [REVEAL] Putin warned he could be ousted from power: 'Had enough!' [INSIGHT] Putin may be battling ravaging disease, ex-MI6 boss says [SPOTLIGHT]  Mr Verhofstadt who chaired the conference thanked the Ukrainian citizens for their testimonies and pledged that the EU would help Ukraine in any way possible including with possible membership. He said: “To help financially. To help in a humanitarian way. “To help with everything that’s possible, including the pathway to entrance of Ukraine into the European Union.” 