And “does my pet like me?”, “do I need to brush my pet’s teeth?”, and “what happens if I give my pet chocolate?” are also among the most frequently asked questions. Research into 1,000 pet owners found they’ll typically search for pet-related answers three times a month, spending around an hour reading about their furry, scaled, or winged friend. But one in ten will spend three hours or more a month reading pet stories. Commissioned by digital magazine and newspaper app Readly, the study found the most popular subject to search for or read is their pet’s general health, scoured for by 59 percent of owners. Another 44 percent will check for information on diet or nutrition, while 39 percent will make a search based on an unusual behaviour. Just under one in ten tend to seek out answers around their pet’s sleeping habits more often than anything else. Behavioural psychologist Jo Hemmings said: “No matter what pet you’ve got – from a terrier to a tarantula – you want the best for it. [https://gb.readly.com/]  “We are seeing a huge amount of mental energy being put into our pet’s welfare over the last two years, with more people living and working at home alongside their pet. “Pets are at the heart of family life, so it’s only natural that people are wanting to read more in-depth around their pets and be informed as to how to be the best owner possible. It’s like reading around a new baby.” The study also found 61 percent of those polled admit the welfare of their pet is always at the back of their mind. And 80 percent worry about their beloved companion when they’re forced to be away from them, while nearly half said their pet is the last thing they think about before dropping off to sleep. Six in ten even admitted to worrying more about their pet than their own wellbeing – and three-quarters would love nothing more than for their pet to be able to talk to communicate their needs. And over half (56 percent) reckon owning a pet gets easier and less worrying, the longer you own them for, according to the research carried out by OnePoll for Readly. Jo Hemmings added: “As a Behavioural Scientist, as well as “mum” to much-loved cat Louis, I am endlessly fascinated by his health, his well-being and his behaviour. It’s a continual learning curve.” It also emerged nine in ten think their pet counts as a member and a “big part” of the family – but 31 percent still worry theirs is lonely. Four in ten stress about whether they’re using the right type of food, and 44 percent can’t bear the thought of their pet trying to tell them something – that they can’t understand. Chris Crouchman, head of content at Readly, which has more than 6,300 titles to help provide inspiration and information for pet owners, said: “Interest in our pet category has surged over recent years. “There are no silly questions when it comes to your pet, and mostly other pet owners would have searched and read around the same issue at some point. “Pet owners can not only dive deep into the latest pet issues on our platform, but read from the back issues too, to ensure they are as informed as possible when it comes to their much-loved pet.” TOP 30 QUESTIONS PEOPLE HAVE SEARCHED FOR ABOUT THEIR PET: