Captured Russian troops have even formed their own battalions and have been photographed training alongside their new Ukrainian allies.,A video posted on the Telegram app featured a man, who claimed to be a former Russian soldier, now part of the new Freedom of Russia legion.  The Ukrainian Defence Ministry said on Telegram on Wednesday that commanders of the legion are visiting detained Russian troops in order to select new recruits. They added that the "first volunteers" have "already begun" their training, including weapons exercises. They said: "Today the legion's personnel, under the guidance of Ukrainian Armed Forces instructors, studied an NLAW grenade launcher." They added that the detained Russians "expressed a common desire on behalf of all the volunteers to conduct the first battle against the guard dogs of the Putin regime - the Kadyrovites".   This refers to fighters from Chechnya - loyal to both Putin and the republic’s leader Ramzan Kadyrov. Although Chechen troops have been involved since the start of the war, they are widely seen as a potential reservoir of additional troops for Moscow along with Syrians, private mercenaries and troops from Armenia. There have been reports since the start of the conflict about the poor state of morale among Russian troops along with the lack of expected process. It is believed that Putin and the Kremlin expected a Ukrainian surrender paired with a swift victory within a few days. READ MORE:Vladimir Putin leaves Russians livid: 'We are so depressed'  Russian forces are reportedly also burdened with equipment dating back to the Soviet era. Concerns have also been raised about the ability of Moscow to open reliable supply lines in terms of food as well as ammunition. On Tuesday, a Russian commander reportedly committed suicide after discovering that 90 percent of his unit's tanks were useless. It comes after a Russian soldier drove a tank into his commanding officer in a protest at high casualties in his unit. DON'T MISS:  Huge explosion rocks Russia as sparks fly on border with Ukraine [REVEAL] UK praised by Ukrainian pilot for playing crucial role in war  [INSIGHT] Macron 'has a lot to answer for' as arms sales by EU to Putin released [SPOTLIGHT] According to Ukrainian reports, Russia has lost 17,000 men in the fighting so far, significantly higher than the official Kremlin figure.