Frankie Bridge, 33, detailed her medical procedure to remove an eggshell that is thought to have become lodged in her ear during her time on I’m A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! Frankie took part in the ITV show in November and went on to finish in third place. The Loose Women panellist was asked about her time in Gwrych Castle during a Q&A with her 1.5 million Instagram followers. One fan asked whether she enjoyed her experience on the show. The Saturdays star confessed that even though she missed her husband, Wayne Bridge, and their two children, Parker, eight, and Carter, six, she thought it was “really nice being cut off from the world”. She then went on to discuss the downside of the show’s tough challenges and detailed the unusual incident. READ MORE:BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital Frankie explained: “I actually had what we think was a bit of eggshell [sucked] out of my ear last week. “It had embedded itself in my ear canal. “I see it as a badge of honour.” It comes after Frankie addressed rumours of a feud behind the scenes of Loose Women. The singer has appeared on the show since 2010 and became a full-time panellist last year, and she maintains that she has never witnessed any signs of a rift. In an interview with Fabulous in January, Frankie explained: “My friends asked me about [the rumoured rows]. “I genuinely don’t experience it or see it. “When I first went on the show, I was nervous because I’ve read about all these feuds. DON'T MISSDemi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off[LATEST]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[INSIGHT]Rod Stewart, 77, forced to fix nightmare potholes near his home[NEWS] "I think it’s sad that this doesn’t happen on something like [Sky comedy show] A League Of Their Own with a group of men. It’s just not mentioned." Last week, Loose Women and This Morning were abruptly pulled off air after a nearby security alert. Police arrived in White City on Thursday after a suspicious item was reported near the filming of both programmes. Panellist Charlene White took to Twitter to say the Loose Women team were “gutted” the show went off the air. The newsreader told her 61,000 followers: “The whole @loosewomen team were really gutted we couldn’t do the show today!! “Especially since Jane’s back from holiday. "We did however spend the time wisely, by treating ourselves to lunch up the road for a good ol’ chinwag." (sic) Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm.