Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media after she started to share unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now with more than four million followers, her account is more about day-to-day family life. Mrs Hinch fans often share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to remove carpet stains. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Lee-Ann McDonald wrote: “Tips on getting pasta bake sauce out of my carpet? “My one year old got in the cupboard when I was sorting the garden out and now we have a stained carpet. “So far I’ve tried white vinegar and carpet stain remover.” Carpet stains can be hard to remove because the stain usually sinks into the fibres of the carpet. READ MORE: ‘Simple’ cleaning jobs with items from the ‘back of the cupboards’ However, Mrs Hinch fans took to the comments to share their cleaning tips and tricks. Ffion Bloomfield commented: “I use the shaving foam hack. I have tried so many high street stain removers to get stains out of different areas around the house and they just won’t budge. “I cannot believe the results I had with such a cheap and easy product - shaving foam. “I used it on my carpet, mattresses and sofas, the stains vanished finally.” DON'T MISS:‘Good idea’ to buy and sell property despite ‘very high’ demand [EXPERT]Gardeners warned over ‘fatal’ plants for pets this spring [WARNING]‘Simple’ cleaning jobs with items from the ‘back of the cupboards’ [EXPLAINER] Nicole Symonds commented: “Do you just rub it in and leave it?” The Mrs Hinch fan replied: “Yep, it’s so easy. Leave for 10 minutes, check and rub it again. If it needs it, leave it for another 10 minutes before wiping it with a damp cloth.” Shaving foam, which is a form of whipped foam, can help to penetrate and add moisture to carpet stains. The cleaning fan recommended making sure the layer of shaving foam was at least one inch thick. According to the comments, shaving foam can work on a range of stain types, including grease. However, some group members did recommend making sure it was a natural shave gel, to reduce the risk of the stain spreading. Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using washing up liquid, which is thought to help lift stains out of carpets. Sapphire Mair wrote: “Washing up liquid works!” Chantal Walford said: “Use tepid water, don’t use hot. Try washing up liquid.” Lisa McNill added: “I’ve used the Elbow Grease Washing up Liquid before, the trick to targeting carpet stains is to be patient, but this washing up liquid made my stair stains vanish completely.” The Elbow Grease Washing Up Liquid can be picked up from several retailers including B&M and Home Bargains. The cleaning product retails for around 89p.