The last few weeks have seen Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky become the world's most iconic leader, as he commands forces resisting Vladimir Putin's. He has fought back waves of troops from the country's capital Kyiv, with help from approving leaders removed from the conflict by thousands of miles. As he enjoys support from the global community and more than 90 percent of his citizens, President Biden is seeing a bump as well. Mr Biden is currently recovering from a turbulent first 14 months in office. His approval rating, despite starting at a high of 55 percent in January 2021, spent the year in freefall. As of March 22, only 42.4 percent of Americans approved of his work in office, according to polling aggregators with FiveThirtyEight. A majority more than 10 percent stronger - 52.5 percent overall - believe he is not delivering. READ MORE: Boris Johnson in the dog house with Justin Trudeau in latest EU snub While that is dismal reading for the President on the surface, Mr Biden is more popular than ever. His active participation in aiding Ukraine pulled him out of a polling chasm and into a higher average. Before this week, President Biden's average had settled around 40 and 41 percent. On February 26, two days after Putin started his "special military operation", he hit his lowest support margin. Just 40.4 percent of people said they approved of his work, with 53.3 percent disapproving. Since March 5, however, his approval has held steady at 42 percent without interruption. Polling shows that Americans are starting to agree with their commander-in-chief's approach to the conflict. Approval around his handling has shot up by double-figure rates when looking at the issue alone. In mid-February, his aggregated approval sat at 34 points, with his disapproval on 50. By early March, he had opened up a considerable lead, managing to persuade 52 percent of Americans his way was the right one. Disapproval fell at the same time but more modestly, tumbling from 50 percent to 44 percent. The rising support comes at a critical juncture for Mr Biden, who will fight for his majority in the months to come. While EU nations hold Presidential elections, the US Congress and Senate will hold midterms. Every seat in the lower house is up for grabs from November 8, with 35 Senators also facing elections. Democrats currently hold a fragile majority in both chambers, with just one in the Senate and 12 in the House of Representatives. Without a significant change in his and the Democratic Party's approval, they risk losing their lawmaking ability to a Republican Party currently fighting progressive change where it holds power.