Shane Warne died at the age of 52 after a suspected heart attack while in Thailand. The sports star's long-time manager James Erskine has now provided a heartbreaking update on how his family are doing after such a devastating loss. Shane was married to Simone Callahan from 1995 to 2005, with the couple having three children together. They welcomed Jackson, 23, Brooke, 24, and Summer, 20, before their split. James told the Nine Network's Today morning show in Australia: "The three children are in complete shock. "I spoke to them yesterday and... Jackson just said, 'We expect him to walk in the door. This is like a bad dream'." READ MORE: ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle He continued: "Keith, Shane's father, is a pretty strong individual, but like everybody, he's just shattered, they can't believe what's happened." Shane's son Jackson recently spoke to Men's Health about the strong relationship he shared with his father. He said: "I can always remember just smiling. "So, I think he did a great job. And I'm proud of him. "For me, all I had to do to switch that mindset was to realise that I didn't choose who my dad was, and what he did was bloody awesome." Since Shane's unexpected death in Ko Samui, tributes have been flooding in to commemorate the late cricketer. Former fiancée Elizabeth Hurley dated Shane between 2011 and 2013, and paid tribute to him with a series of pictures on Instagram. She captioned the post: "I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever. DON'T MISS... ‘Will miss him’ Julie Andrews breaks silence on ex Tony Walton's death [INSIGHT] Harry Potter star Jessie Cave in hospital dash as health woes 'hit' [BREAKING] Kevin Costner, 67, makes rare appearance with stunning wife Christine [PICTURES] "RIP my beloved Lionheart." Liz's son Damian Hurley also took to Instagram to pay tribute to his "father figure". He penned: "I'm still trying to wrap my head around this... "SW was a father figure to me for most of my formative years and was truly one of the best men I've ever known. "My heart is broken. Thinking of and sending love to all SW's family." England football hero Gary Lineker said on Twitter: "Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. "The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can’t quite believe it. RIP Shane." Shane recently recalled his relationship with Elizabeth, calling it his "happiest days". He told The Mirror: "I was more in love with Elizabeth than I'd realised I could be. "I miss the love we had. My years with Elizabeth were the happiest of my life."