 On Thursday, the Chinese Embassy in the UK tweeted a video of the Spokesperson for the Chinese Ministry of Foregin affairs claiming that the US “shouldn’t shift blame to others”. The post was captioned: “Instead of shifting blame to others, those who caused the Ukraine crisis should reflect upon their roles, shoulder due responsibilities and take real actions to ease the situation and resolve the problem.”   In the clip, the spokesperson is asked by a journalist about an article that was released by The New York Times on Wednesday that claimed senior Chinese officials had prior knowledge about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The journalist asked: “The New York Times on March 2 cited a Western intelligence report. “The report indicated that senior Chinese officials had some level of knowledge about Russia’s plans for military actions.” Foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin blasted the report as “fake news.”   Mr Wenbin said: “The report by The New York Times is pure fake news. “Such practice of diverting attention and blame-shifting is despicable. “International media lately raised many times that George Kennan, former US ambassador to the Soviet Union, suggested to the US government in the 1990s that expanding NATO up to Russia’s borders would be the most fateful error of American policy.” He continued: “Regrettably, the US government turned a deaf ear to this.” READ MORE:Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update   Quoting two public figures from the United States, the spokesperson added: “Thomas Friedman, a famous US expert on international relations, recently wrote in an article that ill-considered decision by the US to expand NATO has undermined the relations with Russia and the US government in early years deserves so much of the blame. “Tulsi Gabbard, former member of the US house of representatives, said that the crisis could have been ended, and the war easily avoided, if President Biden had simply promised not to accept Ukraine’s becoming a member of NATO. “But the people concerned chose not to do so. Those who created the problem should be the ones to undo it.” Mr Wenbin concluded: “We hope the culprits of the crisis can reflect upon their roles in the Ukraine crisis, earnestly shoulder due responsibilities and take real actions to resolve the problem instead of shifting the blame to others.” DON'T MISS:RAC calls for car tax rates to be cut (INSIGHT)Visceral fat: The fruit you can shown to reduce belly fat (REVEAL)Madonna defies critics by posting more racy pics as she flashes bottom (PICTURES)  According to Biden officials, the intelligence report noted that senior Chinese officials notified Russian officials not to invade Ukraine before the Winter Olympics had concluded in Beijing, demonstrating some level of knowledge of Russia’s plans. Vladimir Putin and President Xi Jinping met just one day before the Olympic opening ceremony and both countries issued a joint statement announcing their stance against NATO expansion, declaring that their partnership was limitless and that they would establish a new world order with real “democracy.” One official who is familiar with the intelligence material noted that it did not indicate that the conversations about invasion definitely took place between the two leaders. Other officials declined to comment given the sensitivity of the issue while the Chinese Embassy spokesperson in Washington, Liu Pengyu said that such claims were an attempt to “smear China.” 