Lewis Hamilton had a weekend to forget in Saudi Arabia last time out and Ralf Schumacher believes the seven-time world champion will have his work cut out in trying to beat George Russell this year. It's been a frustrating start to the 2022 campaign for Mercedes with both Red Bull and Ferrari far out in front. The Silver Arrows took advantage of a double Red Bull retirement in Bahrain, but were brought back down to earth last weekend in Saudi Arabia. Hamilton struggled to find any pace on Saturday and was incredibly knocked out in Q1 of qualifying, starting Sunday's race in 16th. And the British racing superstar struggled to fight his way through the pack before eventually finishing 10th. He was also close to being lapped by the leading drivers as Max Verstappen beat Charles Leclerc to the chequered flag. Russell fared slightly better in the race as he finished fifth but was still 22 seconds behind Sergio Perez. There is now a two-week break before the Australian Grand Prix, a race Hamilton hasn't won since 2015. JUST IN: F1 teams 'threatened their cars would be seized' during Saudi meeting  That's unlikely to change this year unless Mercedes make drastic upgrades before the race on April 10. But Hamilton's main aim for now will be securing his place as the No 1 driver at Mercedes. Russell's result in Saudi Arabia moved him six points clear of Hamilton in the standings. And Schumacher believes Hamilton will have his hands full in trying to get the better of his compatriot this year. DON'T MISS  "Russell is also showing that Hamilton has a teammate at eye-level, which will be exciting to watch," Schumacher said on Sky Germany. "Russell is not someone who will be content with his current position of second driver. "But the championship is very far away from them now. By the time they can compete again, Leclerc and Verstappen will be too far ahead. "It will be interesting to see how Mercedes and the sponsors react - none of them are used to this. And with the budget cap, it will be difficult to change course."