 Type 2 diabetes is a chronic condition whereby the pancreas does not produce a sufficient amount of insulin. The primary role of insulin is to regulate blood sugar - the main type of sugar found in blood. If left untreated, high blood sugar levels can cause a tsunami of complications so you must find alternative means of regulating blood sugar levels.   Research published in the Journal of Renal Injury Prevention concludes eating sage can produce this desired effect. Sage, (Salvia officinalis), also called common sage or garden sage, is an aromatic herb of the mint family (Lamiaceae) cultivated for its pungent edible leaves. The study was performed to investigate the impact of sage consumption on 80 type II diabetic patients. Patients were randomly divided into two equal groups of case and control. The case group received sage and the control group received placebo tablets three times a day for three months. READ MORE: Diabetes: The dark green drink that ‘significantly' lowers blood sugar within 120 minutes  The fasting blood sugar and two hours postprandial glucose (sugar) were checked at the beginning and every two weeks, for three months. Fasting blood sugar measures your blood sugar after an overnight fast (not eating) and a two-hour postprandial blood sugar test measures blood sugar exactly two hours after you start eating a meal. The two hours postprandial glucose levels were "significantly" decreased in the sage-treated patients compared to the control group. There was no difference in the fasting blood sugar between the two groups, however. DON'T MISSDementia: The breakfast habit associated with an increased risk [ADVICE]High blood pressure: Pfizer recalls drug over risk [INSIGHT]High cholesterol: The cheap food that removes 'bad' cholesterol [TIPS]  In their concluding remarks, the researchers said that sage might be "beneficial" in diabetic patients to reduce postprandial glucose levels. However, "higher doses might be needed to decrease fasting blood glucose", they added. There's nothing you cannot eat if you have type 2 diabetes, but you'll have to limit certain foods. According to the NHS, you should:  "If you need to change your diet, it might be easier to make small changes every week," the health body says. Physical exercise helps lower your blood sugar level, it adds. "You should aim for 2.5 hours of activity a week." This could be:   Many people have type 2 diabetes without realising. This is because symptoms do not necessarily make you feel unwell. Symptoms of type 2 diabetes include: Due to the vagueness of symptoms, type 2 diabetes is often diagnosed following blood or urine tests for something else, says the NHS.