Antiques Roadshow host Fiona Bruce took viewers to Wells in Somerset on Sunday where the experts were brought a number of treasured items to be valued. However, midway through the show, the BBC host spoke with one guest called Andy who brought his vintage car to be valued. Fiona admitted it was a rare sight to see as not many people have asked to bring a car to the Roadshow before. Andy explained to Fiona he'd purchased the 1920s Darracq for £12,000 originally. Speaking about the car make, Andy began: "He had a car company back in 1899 and built a small veteran car license from a French-maker. "He wasn't really an engineer, he was more into making money and he eventually sold out to the English Talbot firm but the cars were still made in France and a few were made in England like this one, it was made in Acton." Andy went on to explain that antiques expert Arthur Negus found the car and sold it to an auctioneer who got it up and running again. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn "What do you do with a car like this? When do you use it?" Fiona quizzed. Andy replied: "I occasionally do a show, some charity runs but I like to go shopping as you can fit a lot of shopping in the back." He told Fiona the car had all of its original features apart from the leatherwork on the seats. "Everything else is pretty much as it left the factory," he added. Moving to talk about what the car would be valued at if it went to auction, Fiona said: "This is the Roadshow and we put a value on things. "You know all about your car, but nonetheless I've spoken to our specialist and they think that £12,000 investment today...£35,000 to £45,000." "Very nice," Andy replied before he promptly told the host he would never sell it. "It is definitely not for sale because she is part of the family, I have had her for 33 years." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] "I don't blame you," Fiona went on to add before she moved on to the next item. Elsewhere in the episode, a set of Barbie dolls caught the eye of expert Hilary Kay. The guest, who had been left the dolls by her mother, had kept the Barbies in their original boxes. However, when Hilary inspected the dolls further, she realised they weren't in mint condition. The expert pointed out each of the Barbie dolls had green ears due to the earrings they were wearing. "It is really bad news," Hilary told the guest. "It's from the stud of the pearl earring. "If they're not kept in exactly the right conditions, it just deteriorates, there is nothing you can do about it." Despite the condition of the dolls, the expert predicted the set of dolls could fetch £500 at auction. Antiques Roadshow airs on Sunday at 7pm on BBC One.