 Reports have suggested Putin has a "hit list" of figures he wants removed from Ukraine. Included in the alleged list mayor of Kyiv, former boxer Vitali Klitschko. Alongside the Chechen fighters are elite mercenaries from Africa, known to have worked for the shady Wagner group. The list is alleged to have 23 names to be eliminated, in order for Russia to complete its invasion of Ukraine.  According to the Times, the army-for-hire, run by oligarch Yevgeny Prigozhin - a close ally of the Russian president who is often dubbed "Putin's chef" - was flown in five weeks ago and is being offered a huge sum for the mission. The Wagner group are omnipresent in Africa where Russian soldiers train mercenaries in various states. The highly-trained operatives are said to be waiting for the green light from the Kremlin to pounce, with their hit list also including Ukraine's prime minister, the entire cabinet, mayor of Kyiv Vitali Klitschko and his brother Wladimir - both boxing champions who have become iconic figures on the front lines of the capital. However, the plans were rumbled after they reached the upper echelons of the Ukrainian government on Saturday morning. READ MORE:Vladimir Putin's top four countries to annex exposed With Chechen soldiers being Muslim, some reports suggest Ukrainian neo-nazi's were dipping bullets in pork fat in preparation for battle. A video posted on Twitter by the National Guard of Ukraine appears to show Azov fighters greasing bullets with pig fat, ostensibly to be used against Muslim Chechens deployed to their country as Russia steps up its military assault on Ukraine. Azov, a far-right all-volunteer infantry military unit, are ultra-nationalists who are accused of harbouring neo-Nazi and white supremacist ideology. They first fought alongside the Ukrainian army in the east of the country in 2014 against pro-Russia separatists and have since been incorporated into the regular armed forces. DON'T MISS:Russian economy faces 'total collapse' [REPORT]UK dithers over how to handle Russia ships at ports [REVEAL]Bitter EU infighting erupts as Zelensky calls for help - bloc split [INSIGHT]  Putin has referenced the presence of such units within the Ukrainian military as a reason for launching his so-called “special military operation … to de-militarise and de-Nazify Ukraine”. The Chenchen Prime Minister, Ramzan Kadirov has confirmed 10,000 Chechen troops will join Russia in the invasion of Ukraine. The Chechens are one of many ethnic groups that have been traced back to the highlands of the North Caucasus for thousands of years. While their presence can be traced back centuries, much of their recent history has been defined by their desire for independence and autonomy.  At this point, Mr Kadyrov has said that around 10,000 soldiers will be sent to Ukraine to reinforce the Russian army. Foreign Policy has reported that state TV in Russia is weaponising "the idea that Chechens are particularly fierce and ruthless," going on to describe the stereotype as a "carefully manicured ethos". The overall support the Chechens will be able to provide to the Russian assault is still unknown and their appearance surprised many experts following the invasion. But what does seem clear is that the Kremlin is trying to use stereotypical images and tropes of the Chechen fighters to demoralise Ukrainian fighters. Whether or not this tactic has been effective is still unknown.