Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may look to heed a warning from Harvey Elliott as he weighs up whether to sell one of his star names. The Reds are set for a busy summer transfer window as Klopp aims to continue the success of the current campaign, with his side still in the running to win a quadruple. One of the main areas that will be overhauled is in attack, where the Reds are currently set to lose three of their first-choice stars in the next year. Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino are all out of contract at the end of next season, with no update on the progression of talks with any of them. Losing all of those three is relatively unthinkable, with Liverpool certain to hand extensions to at least two of them. Currently, the leading two for a new contract are Salah and Mane, with Firmino having struggled for game-time this campaign. Hamstring and muscle injuries have limited him to just 15 appearances in the Premier League this season. JUST IN: Klopp says Liverpool 'cannot do much more' to get Salah to sign deal While that may concern Klopp that it could be time to move on from the striker, insight from Elliott would suggest such a decision could prove to be the wrong one. The Reds wonderkid has revealed his belief that Firmino, despite his injury struggles, remains the club’s most underrated star. “I would say the most underrated player must be Bobby. The touches I have compared to him must be similar!” Elliott said on a social media Q&A. Firmino played an integral role as Liverpool won the Champions League and Premier League titles in successive seasons. DON'T MISS: Liverpool to receive mammoth £118m prize fund with historic quadruple (NEWS)Mane fails to take Diaz chance amid Liverpool contract concern (INSIGHT)Man Utd and Liverpool's transfer plans take a hit from Ajax star (TRANSFERS) Diogo Jota has taken over as the first-choice in the central striking role in Klopp’s line-up this campaign, though Firmino has made important contributions. While his game-time has been more limited this term, the Brazilian still started three times during the Reds’ run to winning the Carabao Cup. He also scored a hat-trick to ensure Liverpool thumped Watford in October and has frequently flown under the radar compared to team-mates Salah and Mane. Talk has been growing that Firmino could depart Anfield this summer as the Reds look to recoup some form of a fee for him. Though Klopp may be worried about Firmino’s suitability for playing for a club who competing across four fronts, he may want to take time to consider any decision to let the striker leave. That is especially the case in the wake of Elliott’s revelation, with Firmino clearly valued highly by his team-mates. Klopp will be keen to not disrupt the dressing room too much, though with Salah, Mane and Firmino all soon to be out of contract a decision needs to be made. The Reds will surely not be able to afford to keep all three, but Firmino’s stock will now rise in the wake of Elliott’s comments.