Featuring in a segment on Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway the late-night food van, located in Bristol, made a short appearance with a special Aussie guest to honour the moment.  Appearing beside Andi Peters, Jason Donovan, 53, was handed over a kebab prepared from a Neighbours-inspired van while surrounded by a huge Bristol crowd cheering and waving to the camera. While the live feature was short, the former pop star described the moment “pretty special” regardless. In between giving viewers competition instructions, Andi and Jason Donervan's owner exchanged a number of quips, with the latter saying: "I was promised I'd get to meet Ant & Dec. While Andi responded: "I was promised I'd get to meet a soapstar". Andi then asked the team whether Jason had ever visited, to which the vendors replied: “No.” Suddenly the presenter called out to the TV star when Jason made his way to the van which had his name on it. READ MORE:The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone  After emerging from the crowd, Jason said the event was a “special” one, while back in the studio, special guest Paloma Faith commented Jason eating from a Donervan “high-quality entertainment”. The event came after the popular Australian soap opera had announced it would be airing its final episode with Channel 5 after the summer, putting the show's future in doubt as it is reliant on funding from the broadcaster. Jason, who played teen heartthrob Scott Robinson in the soap from 1986 to 1989, had released a statement following the news. The actor tweeted: "@neighbours changed the Australian television landscape.  “It launched many careers over decades including mine. “Engaged and entertained audiences for generations. Hoping that it will find a new home with another U.K. broadcaster and continue to provide opportunity and entertainment,” he added. Jason worked alongside Kylie Minogue, who played his girlfriend Charlene Mitchell. The episode which saw the lovebirds marry famously saw 19.6 million UK viewers tuning in to watch the ceremony. Pop queen Kylie had also expressed her sadness over the programme ending, saying: "I'll be forever grateful for the experience & the friends I made on @neighbours. “We had no idea how big the show would become and how passionately viewers would take it to heart. “Pure love! I can still hear Madge calling … CHARLENE!!!!" The singer had replied to a post which had been released by the programme on Twitter after announcing: "We are so sorry to say that after nearly 37 years and almost 9000 episodes broadcast we have to confirm that Neighbours will cease production in June.” Meanwhile, some fans have suspected whether the long-running drama is set to reunite the pair on Ramsay Street for one last outing in the programme’s finale. Bosses have not confirmed plans but reportedly, the TV star had told executives he's up for a final cameo and wants the popular singer to make a comeback alongside him. According to a show insider, the team are keen to end the show on a “real high”. Speaking to The Sun, the source said: “Kylie has always been a huge supporter of the show, they’re just waiting to hear back." Saturday Night Takeaway airs Saturday on ITV at 7pm