Ash (played by Gurlaine Kaur Garcha) hasn't been seen on EastEnders since the beginning of the year when she made her exit due to Suki's (Balvinder Sopal) intolerable behaviour towards her daughter. Not much has been mentioned about the doctor since she left, with the drama more focused on her brothers, Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) and Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota). However, when she decides to return to the BBC soap, she could bring along her father, who has been an absent presence since the Panesar family first turned up on the Square in 2019. Some information has been given about the allusive member of the family, who is supposed to be serving a sentence behind bars. It seems his criminal ways left Suki as a single mother when the children were growing up and there has been huge resentment against him for this. The one person who could be willing to give him another chance is Ash, who seems to hold some very similar views to him about her mother. Having left the Square earlier this year, she could have discovered her father was ready to be released from jail and went to meet him. Reuniting off-screen, the pair could have cooked up a plan to get their revenge on the Panesar matriarch, biding their time to ensure it was foolproof. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Returning to Walford, Ash could explain to her loved ones she has spent her time away thinking about how much she wants them to be a tight-knit family. Much to their surprise, the Panesars could be reunited with their father as he walks in through the door ready to do business. At first, he would have to win his sons around as he knows he's missed out on a lot of their life and especially Kheerat has had to step into his shoes. They could be swayed more easily than Suki, who could be adamant she doesn't want to rekindle anything with her former lover. Telling her he would be sticking around, the father of the Panesar family could persist with his mission to get his ex-wife on his side. Once she begins to let her guard down and it seems the Panesars are back on track, Ash's father could begin putting his plan into action. Known for his business acumen and wanting to play a bigger part in the family's firm, he could start looking at the books. Putting his criminal abilities into practice, he could make it seem as if Suki has been messing with the books to get more money. He could report her to the authorities who would agree the mother of four has been trying to swindle the system. They could arrest her and with the evidence her husband had manufactured, it would be hard for her to claim she is innocent. DON'T MISS...Larry Lamb health: Actor recalls 'hellish' illness that left him deaf [COMMENT]Gillian Wright health: Star left with 'unbearable pain' [COMMENT]Jamie Brothwick: EastEnders star reveals 'really bad' condition [COMMENT] Therefore, she could end up serving time behind bars as her husband did for many years, missing out on some important moments in her children's lives. Back on the Square, Ash and her father could celebrate their plan worked so perfectly, with Suki no longer part of the picture. This would allow Kheerat and Vinny the chance to build a bond with their father and get to know him without their mother's interference. They could feel hugely betrayed by Suki as they thought she was someone who wouldn't try to trick the system to make money. However, will Suki be able to plead with her sons to hear her account of events or will her villous husband dig his heels in? The actress who plays Ash, Gurlaine, has spoken out on her thoughts about her character's father turning up after so long. Gurlaine said: "I can't say too much though. "We are going to hear a little bit more about what the dad knows about this and when it's time for him to arrive, we'll see how he responds. "I can't say much more – I hope it's soon though. Keep your eyes peeled – I am sure Father Panesar will be on screen in no time," she told Digital Spy. With Ash making her exit not too long after this interview, could it be she was written out to be part of her father's introduction? Will she be the ultimate daddy's girl and defend his honour as he makes enemy after enemy on the Square? Taking to Twitter, fans are excited at the prospect the missing member of the Panesar family could be turning up on the Square. Alessia wrote: "Hope we’ll be seeing papa Panesar this year…the drama that could come from that!" Amy wrote on the social media platform: "This has been a Father Panesar thing for almost three years now," with regards to a star of the show calling for their character's missing parents to show up. Sadie commented in relation to Kheerat's exit: "Does this mean Papa Panesar is on his way to the Square? I’m here for it #Eastenders." Faith simply shared: "Panesar dad please." EastEnders continues Thursday at 7:30pm on BBC One.