Norman has yet to share an update on Instagram or Twitter, though fans of his work as Daryl Dixon have taken to social media to wish him well. It’s currently unknown which project he was filming, though it’s possible the accident occurred on the set of AMC’s upcoming The Walking Dead spin-off centred on Daryl and Carol Peletier (played by Melissa McBride). Fans have expressed their disappointment after Norman pulled out of this year’s Fandemic Tour, which will take place in Atlanta, Georgia, this weekend. The event’s official Instagram page confirmed the star would be unable to appear at the convention, which would have involved meet-and-greets with his fans. Backstreet Boys singer Nick Carter has also pulled out of the event due to scheduling conflicts. Fandemic’s Instagram update reads: “Due to unforeseen circumstances Nick Carter had to postpone due to scheduling conflicts, and Norman Reedus had to postpone due to an accident while filming. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one “We are sending all of our thoughts and positive energy to Norman Reedus. Everyone in our amazing community knows how much he loves his fans, and he wants you to know how terrible he feels about the situation. “However, we all want him to do what is best for his health. Let's send him all of our well-wishes and hope for a speedy recovery.” The post also assured fans they would be issued refunds if they had bought tickets specifically to meet Norman or Nick. Filming for The Walking Dead’s 11th and final season is coming to an end this month, so it’s unclear which project the star was working on when the accident occurred. He’s expected to appear in the upcoming Daryl and Carol spin-off, though he may have also signed on to an as-yet-undisclosed role. Several Walking Dead fans took to the comments to send him get-well messages, though others were frustrated they wouldn’t be able to meet him after purchasing a ticket. @elana.esquivel posted several crying emojis and said: “Noooo I’m so sad. I was looking forward to meeting Norman. But I’m hoping he’s okay.” And @sebastianstanfan replied: “I’m so sorry to hear about Norman’s accident. He’s got so much love for his fans but he most definitely needs to focus on his recovery.” DON'T MISS:Y 1883’s Sam Elliott recalls warning from showrunner [INSIGHT]Vikings’ Astrid star’s challenging death scene on her birthday [INTERVIEW]NCIS season 19: Jessica Knight's life in danger? [VIDEO] However, some ticketholders were left furious with Fandemic’s refund plan as they had decided to cancel their attendance altogether. @mrsjones61612 wrote: “I want a whole freaking refund!!!! Every single people that I bought has cancelled now!!!! This is so upsetting.” To which @miarios2385 replied: “I agree! I don’t even wanna go anymore cause all my favs cancelled. I think it’s BS we can’t get a refund on our day passes, only add ons.” (sic) Thankfully, Daryl’s co-star Melissa is still scheduled to appear at the event following a brief scheduling issue. The event will also feature appearances from The Walking Dead’s Ross Marquand, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Seth Gilliam and more. Plus, Marvel star Sebastian Stan, Arrow’s Stephen Amell, Bruce Campbell and many others will be in attendance over the weekend. Fandemic has left its email address, info@caconventions.com, for fans with further inquiries regarding refunds and cancellations. The Walking Dead season 11B continues every Sunday on AMC in the USA and on Disney+ every Monday in the UK.