Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has refused to be drawn into the discussion around Cristiano Ronaldo’s future. Ronaldo scored his 59th career hat-trick on Saturday to help the Red Devils beat Tottenham 3-2 in the Premier League at Old Trafford. Ronaldo joined United for a second time in August after the 13-time Premier League champions managed to prise him away from Juventus. He has hit the back of the net 18 times during his second spell in England and continues to be a huge threat in front of goal. The 37-year-old signed a two-year deal to return to Old Trafford. But he has come under fire at times this season and rumours have circulated that he could try to force a move elsewhere in the summer. Paris Saint-Germain have been linked with his signature, while Sporting Lisbon have been tipped to offer him a return to the club where he originally made his name. Rangnick was reluctant to talk about Ronaldo’s future after the player’s latest star performance, but suggested he isn’t expecting him to move on in the summer. MUST READ: Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumours   “Cristiano made the difference,” Rangnick admitted. “But it's not the right moment, after a top performance, to speak about what might happen in the next 15 to 16 months. “For me, what's important is what happens in the next two or three months until the end of May.” United have endured a tumultuous campaign this time around and have struggled to find any real consistency. Their victory over Tottenham came less than a week after they were thumped 4-1 by Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. The Red Devils face a huge battle to secure a top-four finish, with West Ham, Arsenal and Wolves also vying to clinch the final Champions League qualification spot. DON'T MISSPSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interestLiverpool star Luis Diaz 'being eaten by anxiety' despite superb startChelsea's XI next season if Blues blocked from new signings or selling    United also have a welcomed European distraction on Tuesday night as they host Atletico Madrid in the second leg of their round of 16 showdown. And Rangnick admits his side are just focused on winning every game they can between now and the end of the season. “[Last] Sunday, I almost felt like we were at a funeral - that it was already dead and the end of the decade or whatever,” Rangnick added. “It felt like it was the worst team I ever coached. “Now, after a 3-2 win against Tottenham, we're discussing our chances to win the Champions League.   “Ask me that question should we reach the Champions League final. Right now, I don't really think it makes sense. “Today was the Premier League and, for us, almost a final. Had we not won, it would have been almost impossible to finish fourth. “Now, we're still not in the best possible position, but we're still in the race. We're fully aware we can't afford to drop any more points - so we have to win almost all the games. “On Tuesday, we have the next final to try to proceed to the quarter-finals of the Champions League. “Everybody in this club - the fans, players, staff members, everybody - wants to be a part of the Champions League season after Tuesday. “We want to proceed to the next round and the quarter-finals.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  