The Duke of Sussex, 37, was spotted at the Stockyards Championship Rodeo event on Saturday. Sporting a casual outfit and a cowboy hat, Prince Harry mingled among locals at the Cowtown Coliseum in Fort Worth, Texas, where the event was hosted. A snap of Harry was shared on Instagram by numerous users, including the Stockyards Championship Rodeo secretary Cindy Reid. The photo shows the Duke in conversation with numerous others who are also wearing cowboy hats. Cindy accompanied the photo with a caption reading: "Where was Prince Harry Saturday night? Oooooh, just hanging out behind the bucking chutes at the Stockyards Championship Rodeo!! Loooove it!! Thank you for the visit!!" While there, Harry is said to have joined the crowds to watch bull riding events and reportedly joked that he would have taken part if he hadn’t “lost his rigging bag”. According to People, The Melton Bull Company, which raises and trains bulls, also shared the image and wrote: “Prince Harry hanging out at the rodeo this week. We get a lot of rodeo royalty but this is the first Prince I’ve seen. “Said he was going to enter the bull riding but the airline lost his rigging bag…” However, the outlet claims the image was posted and then deleted by the company’s owner former bull rider-turned-trainer Cory Melton. According to one source, at the event where animals are "made to perform", the Duke went largely unrecognised. READ MORE: Prince William ‘particularly displeased’ in BBC over Diana portrayal The Duke was mocked by the individual who claimed many of those in attendance “didn’t recognise” him. The source told the Daily Mail: “The funny thing is most people didn't recognise him or care.” The attendee went on to claim that Harry’s appearance at the event was “shocking”. They accused him of showing a "lack of respect" by attending despite his wife Meghan Markle's support for animal rights. DON'T MISS Prince Andrew civil case dismissed after settlement [INSIGHT] Camilla admits she is struggling to ‘shake off’ Covid symptoms [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim [REPORT] The source said: “It's a quintessentially American event, where animals are made to perform. “Given he has such a lack of respect for the First Amendment and his wife is such an animal rights activist - it is shocking he thought he could show his face here.” Meghan is a keen advocate for animal activism and reportedly talked the Duke out of the annual Boxing Day hunt in 2017. Conservationist Dr Jane Goodall previously told the Radio Times that Harry and his brother William “hunt and shoot. But I think Harry will stop because Meghan doesn't like hunting”. The Duchess of Sussex is a patron of the London-based Mayhew Trust animal charity. Detailing her patronage on their website, the charity outlines that Meghan’s “chosen patronages reflect the causes and issues she has spent decades championing, including animal welfare”. It adds: “We are thrilled that the Duchess shares our commitment to improving the lives of animals and people at home and internationally, and are extremely excited to make a real difference to dogs, cats and communities together.” In 2020, Mayhew's media officer, Satah Hastelow told Newsweek that Meghan has “been such a champion of animals and animal welfare. It's always been a passion of hers”. Before shutting down her social media accounts in 2017, the Duchess also often used Instagram to promote adopting dogs rather than buying puppies.