GB News host Dan Wootton spoke to royal commentator Robert Jobson, where he defended the Queen’s decision to be seen with Andrew but attacked Prince Harry and Meghan Markle for their failure to attend the service. Mr Jobson said that Harry will “undoubtedly regret” not going to pay his respects to his late grandfather, with whom he shared a close relationship.  Mr Wootton described Prince Andrew appearing with the Queen as a “shock move”, but hit out at critics on Twitter for their treatment of a “grieving widow and our head of state”. Journalist Leah McGrath-Goodman tweeted: “If the Queen was your neighbour, you would avoid her and look askance at how she continues to prop up her son, 62-year-old Prince Andrew, shrugging off his warm friendship with Jeffrey Epstein and bailing him out after accusations of sexual assault of a MINOR. You would not bow.” Will Black claimed the Queen was “worse than Dot Cotton for supporting her sinister son, despite his atrocious acts”. Prince Andrew has vehemently denied the accusations made against him.  Mr Wootton asked royal author Mr Jobson if he believed the Queen had “made a mistake” by including Prince Andrew so prominently in the service. Mr Jobson said: “Whatever the decision, it was a conscious decision. “The Queen had thought about it, and I think there had been some disquiet about it amongst the family, they certainly knew there would be some issues with this. But she was insistent.  READ MORE: Kate and William's 'charm offensive' denounced as royal fury explodes “It makes some sense, he was without his partner, the other people were with their partners - Charles with Camilla, Anne with Admiral Laurence - so he was the one that she wanted to be with her. “I personally think it was a dangerous decision but it was one that she wanted and clearly made consciously.” Speaking about Prince Harry’s notable absence from the service, Mr Jobson added that Harry had “one of the closest relationships” with his late grandfather.  DON'T MISS:Prince Philip memorial: 'Sour' BBC blasted for Philip coverage [LATEST]How Prince Philip was related to these European royals [INSIGHT]European royals: Everyone attending Prince Philip memorial today - [LIST] He continued: “They really got on well, they were both servicemen and they were really close to each other. “He will undoubtedly regret that decision, he will look back in time and think that was a mistake because you only get one opportunity to say a proper farewell to your grandparents.” The Duke of Sussex is currently embroiled in a dispute over his personal security in the UK, having lost the right to taxpayer-funded police protection since his relocation to the US. 