Spring has officially begun but with it comes the possibility of lots of rain and even some frost, so how can you protect your lawn over the next few months before the summer sunshine arrives? Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Nigel Downs, turf specialist at RHS Garden Hyde Hall, who shared his top tips when it comes to caring for your grass. At this time of year, the lawn is actively growing and how you look after it depends on what you want to achieve. If you want to encourage wildflowers for pollinating insects, it’s time to stop mowing and enjoy the visits to the flowers that appear. But if your aim is to create short, green sward, you’ll need to carry out a range of tasks. Nigel has six steps to help you bring your lawn back to life after winter. READ MORE: Gardening: How to make natural fertiliser from leftover foods GARDENING 1. “Remove dew from the lawn surface by brushing with a soft broom prior to cutting,” he said. “This will dry the grass leaf faster, and reduce the chance of disease forming and spreading. 2. “Reduce the length of grass in stages by mowing,” Nigel added. “Cut once, and then again a few days later at a shorter length. “This will allow the plant to recover, minimising plant stress, and colour and appearance will be maintained.” 3. Spring is a good time to repair damage to lawns caused by pests, diseases or mechanical damage. Nigel explained: “When the grass is dry remove worm casts by brushing - worm casts provide a perfect seed bed for airborne weed seeds.” 4.  “Aerate the lawn to break up compaction and to encourage root growth,” Nigel said. “This should be done when the soil is moist - spring or autumn is usually a good time.” 5.  Mowing regularly keeps the lawn in good health, deters weeds and encourages thick grass. But Nigel suggests: “Mowing in different directions. “This will encourage the leaf to stand straighter, which in turn increases air flow around the leaf. 6. “Keep mower blades clean and sharp - a blunt blade will tear and damage the leaf more than cut it and will not produce a good finish,” Nigel commented. “Cylinder mowers usually need sharpening once a year, but rotary mower blades will need sharpening more regularly (depending on use).” DON'T MISS...Warning signs your houseplants are suffering - and how to save them [EXPERT]Gardening jobs to do in March - ‘prevent’ weeds and kill moss now [GUIDE]Dried flowers how to keep a long lasting bouquet of flowers [EXCLUSIVE] If you’re looking to feed your lawn, this should be done in a couple of weeks' time - late March to April. The RHS suggests using “a proprietary spring or summer lawn fertiliser at the manufacturer’s recommended rates”. They added: “Feeding the lawn will increase vigour and help prevent weeds and moss from establishing. “Apply fertilisers when the soil is moist, or when rain is expected. “However, it's important to know that fertilisers use a lot of energy to make, so using the minimum required to keep your lawn in shape is best for the environment.” Nigel also spoke about excess rain and poor drainage resulting in lawns becoming waterlogged. Many homeowners over the past couple of years have replaced natural grass with fake or plastic lawns. The expert revealed how waterlogged lawns can be rectified or managed without resorting to drastic measures like pulling up the lawn and replacing it with plastic. “Aeration is key to improve drainage and soil compaction which will help prevent waterlogging,” Nigel said. “This operation can be done by hand with a fork or if a larger area can be worked on with a powered pedestrian aerater. “Aerate in late autumn when the soil is moist but still firm enough to work on without causing damage to the grass. “If the soil is heavy clay then applying a top dressing of horticultural sand will also improve drainage. “It may need to be done several times over a couple of years but should significantly improve the drainage.” In terms of artificial grass, Nigel added: “Fake grass can solve some problems of having to carry out lawn maintenance, but they can also cause problems such as not allowing water to drain through to the soil beneath, or shedding microplastic particles and chemicals used in manufacture as the product breaks down through wear and tear. “Fading is a big drawback as well. “Alternatives to fake grass are very much a personal choice, but whichever you decide to go with, whether something like coloured aggregate or even bark chippings, the drainage issue needs to be addressed first. “If you have the room and scope for a pond in the waterlogged area that could be a great solution which would also benefit wildlife.” For more information or ti visit RHS’ Hyde Hall Garden, please see their website here.