Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are in the middle of a Royal Tour across the Caribbean. Their trip is in commemoration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, and is one of four being undertaken by senior royals this year. The couple’s responsibilities have ramped up since the departure of Prince Harry, Meghan Markle, Prince Andrew and Prince Philip — and since the Queen has taken a step back from royal duties amid health concerns. It is believed that William is preparing to take on a more involved role within the Firm. As the first child of the heir to the throne, the Duke of Cambridge secured his place in the line of succession on the day he was born. With his future role already decided, the Duke thought about the decisions he would make once he ascended the throne. One of which reportedly reduced his mother to tears. William, who was just 14 at the time, promised to return Diana’s Her Royal Highness title, which she was stripped of after her divorce from Prince Charles, once he became king. After her fairytale wedding to Charles at Westminster Abbey, Diana became HRH The Princess of Wales. However, neither Charles nor Diana were happy in their marriage and both parties engaged in extramarital affairs. In 1996, almost a year after the Princess of Wales infamously said there were “three of us” in her marriage to the heir — referring to Charles’ relationship with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall — the pair divorced and Diana’s HRH title was removed. According to the Daily Mirror, the Queen had been perfectly happy for Diana to keep her HRH because she was mother to the future King — but Charles insisted on their removal. Diana was henceforth known only as Diana, Princess of Wales. This meant that Diana would now have to curtsy to her former husband, her sons and other members of the Royal Family. Diana was said to be devastated by losing her HRH. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan Markle mocked after Oscars claim [INSIGHT]Queen releases new £14.99 botanical kitchen product [REVEAL]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [REPORT] This led to an emotional conversation between Diana and her son. Diana’s friend and former butler, Paul Burrell claimed William vowed to restore her title. In his book ‘A Royal Duty’, he wrote that the young prince told his mum: "Don’t worry Mummy, I will give it back to you one day when I am King." Mr Burrell claims the conversation left Diana in tears. However, William was sadly unable to fulfil his promise as his mother died in a car crash almost exactly a year to the day of the divorce, on August 31, 1997. Both William and his younger brother, Harry have continued to honour Diana’s legacy — including with their work, tributes and memories they share with their children. Last year, the brothers reunited to pay homage to their mother. On what would have been her 60th birthday, William and Harry unveiled a statue of the Princess of Wales.  It stands at the Sunken Garden of Kensington Palace, known to be Diana’s favourite spot. In a statement, William and Harry said: "Every day, we wish she were still with us, and our hope is that this statue will be seen forever as a symbol of her life and her legacy."