If you’re spending time perfecting your makeup, you’re doing yourself a disservice if you don’t take one more extremely simple step to ensure it stays in place all day long. READ MORE: 27 of the best shampoos for every hair type and texture in 2022 READ MORE: 10 of the best collagen powders for glowing skin and healthy hair  This super easy extra step is misting a setting spray over your finished makeup look to ensure it is locked into place. A good-quality setting spray will be able to withstand a day in the office, that turns into an after-work happy hour, that turns into dancing until the early hours - because you just never know where your day might take you. Having your makeup locked into place helps you travel light, as you don’t need to bring a dozen products for touch-ups - you’ll be able to trust your makeup to go the distance. For our picks for the 11 best setting sprays of 2022 in the UK, as well as the answers to some setting spray FAQs, keep scrolling through. Charlotte Tilbury can do no wrong in the makeup space it seems, with Flawless Filter and Pillow Talk being two of the most talked-about makeup products in recent memory. It seems like its Airbrush Flawless Setting Spray is on par with these iconic products, helping to set makeup for up to 16 hours. As well as setting makeup in place, this spray can also smooth skin and blur pores for a flawless-looking finish. The skin-loving spray has been formulated with aloe vera and green tea to hydrate and smooth your complexion while preventing creasing or smudging. Buy: Charlotte Tilbury (£26) While setting sprays are usually targeted towards those with oily skin types, they can also work wonders on dry skin too. This Your Skin But Better Setting Spray from IT Cosmetics has a hydrating cocktail of hyaluronic acid, coconut water, and aloe vera extract that provides up to 16-hour wear - and can also be used to refresh dry skin throughout the day to avoid dry patches and creasing. A setting spray is one of the best ways of controlling excess oil, and this setting spray from Urban Decay is one of the most iconic on the market. Going Viral on Youtube in the 2010s, the Urban Decay Setting Spray is usually the first product people think of when they’re talking about setting sprays - and this recognition is well deserved. This iteration of its world-famous spray has been made especially for oily skin, helping to minimise the appearance of excess oil without drying out or irritating your skin - while also keeping even the most bright and vibrant of makeup looks in place for up to 16 hours. Beauty lovers with sensitive skin can use most setting sprays, as they don’t tend to be very harsh. If you want to be extra cautious though, opt for the Blue Light Filter Set + Protect Mist from Ilia Beauty. Ilia is known for its gentle, nourishing formulations, with this setting spray helping to set makeup, hydrate, and protect the skin from blue light - all with just a few simple spritzes. Buy: Skincity (£19) The original Urban Decay setting spray that is beloved by beauty experts worldwide and helped to put the brand on the map is perfect for combination skin. It refreshes dry patches with its hydrating formula while combating excess oil with an ultra-fine veil. Especially effective in summer, this product has been formulated with temperature control technology to keep makeup in place in high temperatures. One of the biggest benefits of using a setting spray is it stops your makeup from settling into fine lines and creating visible creases in the skin. This 3-in-1 Primer & Setting Spray is (obviously, look at the name) more than a setting spray and can also prime the skin and work as a refreshing spray throughout the day. Mature skin can be more prone to dullness, and this spray from Too Faced can combat that with an infusion of coconut oil to boost radiance and leave looking skin looking dewy, healthy, and flawless. We’ve all been there: you spend your morning perfecting your base, only to find more of your makeup on your mask than left on your face by the time you get to your destination. A setting spray can help combat this irritating issue by locking your makeup into place, which reduces the risk of rub off. This heavy-duty setting spray from Huda Beauty is waterproof and absorbs oil, helping your makeup stay flawless all day (and all night). Ever been on a night out thinking you looked amazing, and then caught a glimpse of yourself after a couple of hours on the dancefloor and found your makeup had completely rubbed off? This confronting experience can be a thing of the past with the Milk Makeup Hydro Grip Setting Spray, with a dual-phase formula that leaves your makeup locked in and radiant. The alcohol-free formula includes skin-loving ingredients like hyaluronic acid, niacinamide, blue agave extract, cannabis seed, and moringa seed oils, so you can rest assured you’re taking care of your skin with every spray. While most of the sprays on this list are between £20 and £30, there are a couple of well-reviewed products under £10 - and both of them are from NYX. NYX is known for producing high-quality products for budget-conscious shoppers, and this setting spray has amassed 35 5-star reviews on Look Fantastic. The formula is lightweight and vegan, helping to keep your makeup in place while giving you a dewy finish. A setting spray is a super simple way to give your makeup look a boost of radiance, but you need to be careful the formula isn’t just packed with glitter particles that will make you look like Edward Cullen in the sun. This air-powered spray from morphe is super light, with a micro-fine mist that sets liquid or powder makeup with a radiant finish that will give you a natural glow. For those who prefer a matte finish, a mattifying setting spray is really a non-negotiable. This spray from Skindinavia has a lovely soft-matte finish so you don’t look flat, helping create a barrier that reduces the need for blotting or touch-ups. A setting spray is a fixing mist that will lock your makeup into place. The ultra-fine mist feels almost undetectable when you’re applying it, but works wonders for the longevity of your makeup. The way hairspray sets your hairstyles in place, setting spray sets your makeup in place. This doesn’t mean you can save money by using hairspray on your face, unfortunately, as that could be potentially hazardous for your skin and result in a pretty nasty breakout or skin irritation. Any good makeup artist will have a bottle of fixing spray on hand to ensure your makeup stays in plays all day long. A setting spray is by far the simplest step in your makeup routine and requires no skill. Once you’ve applied makeup - so your base, contour, eye shadow, eyeliner, mascara, and everything else you want to perfect - you apply a light layer of setting mist over the top to lock it into place and avoid it sliding out of place. A primer and a setting spray have the same goal - to keep your makeup in place for longer - so you can be forgiven for getting the two confused. A primer should be the first step in your makeup routine, helping to create the perfect base, while a setting spray is a final step that keeps your makeup in place. Yes, absolutely. Just as there are myriad foundations for all skin types, whether it be dry, oily, combination, mature, there are just as many variations of setting sprays. We have outlined a setting spray for the most common skin types and concerns above if you’re looking for your perfect match.