Kate Middleton is lauded for her beauty, her glossy hair and glowing, clear skin. But, however natural the stunning Duchess's looks on her royal outings, the wife of Prince William does not wake up looking this way. So how might the Duchess use makeup to achieve her look? Danielle Maisano-Garcia, aka Dani, is a trained, professional makeup artist. Learning her craft in Hollywood, Dani now runs Dani G Makeup and posts her makeup tips to @danigmakeup. Dani discussed Kate Middleton's makeup look. She told Express.co.uk: "Simplicity is key for Kate Middleton. "She always keeps her look more natural with well-groomed brows, satin skin, rosy cheeks, and hydrated lips." READ MORE: Kate and Meghan opt for fuller brows with Meghan's 'more natural' and Kate's 'groomed' First Dani pointed to Kate's brows, which appeared to have been subject to the latest eyebrow treatment craze, brow lamination. Dani said: "Brow lamination lifts the brow hair to achieve fuller and thicker brows by perming and realigning brow hairs in place. "With the right aftercare, the treatment can last up to six weeks. "Each day brush the hairs up in place using a spoolie brush and fill in any gaps with a thin brow pencil, look to use a skinnier pencil in a quick flicked motion to add more natural-looking hairs in spares areas where needed." DON'T MISSKate's 'imperfect' teeth reflect a 'more British' sensibility [DENTIST] Meghan Markle-inspired face tattoos 'most requested' look [BEAUTY] Prince Harry 'may have had some whitening treatment' on his teeth [EXPERT] Dani suggests how one might mimic Kate's natural beauty look. She pointed to highlighter to adopt the glowing look of the royal's skin. Dani said: "Apply highlighter to the higher points of the cheekbones, temples, edges of the forehead, both sides of the nose and bridge, jawline, and chin area. This leaves a sun-kissed, dewy glow." She also suggested using a certain type of blusher. "Reach for a cream or liquid blush such as Nars or Glossier Cloud Paint to pat across the cheeks and bridge of the nose for a natural, flushed-from-within glow," she said. "A cream blush will enhance the dewy look more than powders." While it is not clear whether Kate enhances her eyes with false eyelashes or eyelash extensions, for those looking to wear falsies and mimic Kate's look, Dani said: "Kate’s lashes are always fluffy. "The Doll Beauty lashes in style 'Stephanie' are one of the most delicate and natural-looking lashes." Another beauty expert recently analysed Kate Middleton's skin and suggested tips to emulate the look. Beauty entrepreneur and model Sophie Hughes, founder of glowb, said: "Kate will know preparation is the most important step for glowing skin, so a good cleanser that gently exfoliates to remove dryness and boosts moisture is vital. "Found naturally in the skin, hyaluronic acid can hold a thousand times its weight in water and helps to keep the skin hydrated, dewy, and plump. "Indulging in a weekly face mask is essential for keeping clear skin and reaching for a clay mask will draw our pore congestion and boost skin radiance."