Incredibly, it’s been 17 years since the last James Bond auditions took place. Daniel Craig beat the likes of future Superman star Henry Cavill and Outlander lead Sam Heughan to the part. But now the incumbent’s tenure is coming to an end fans are desperate to know who the next 007 will be. The bookies have all sorts of stars in running, including those runners up just mentioned, but what do the Bond producers themselves have to say about it all? In a recent awards season interview for No Time To Die, Barbara Broccoli admitted that it’s not exactly going to be an easy choice for her and her brother Michael G Wilson. The 61-year-old said: “The thing is, when you cast James Bond you’re not just casting one movie. You’re making a decision that you’re going to have to live with for at least a decade. Everybody has their own idea about what that person should be, so it’s a tough decision. With Casino Royale, by deciding to do that film and follow that trajectory [five interconnected films, beginning with a reboot] it made it much easier to then identify the actor to play that role. And so now we have to decide what the films are going to be like.” Broccoli admitted that first of all she and the other producers at EON Productions need to sit down and work out exactly what the reboot will be like before then finding the right star to play the next Bond. Speaking with The Times, she said of the historically collaborative effort: “Are [the next set of 007 movies] going to be more humorous or less humorous, more gritty or not gritty? And then, when we’ve done that, we have to figure out the actor to play it. So, no, it’s not just ‘Oh, who looks good in a suit?’ We have to figure this out on our own.” Amid all the speculation at the bookies, Wilson added: “And we don’t need any more suggestions.” As for where exactly they are in the process of making Bond 26 and casting the new 007, Broccoli shared: “The franchise machine doesn’t really start up again until it’s us and the writers in a room, getting into that whole thing.” At the moment she said they want to focus on celebrating Craig's era, No Time To Die and the 60th anniversary of the movies. However, the producer did add that when that was done they'd be rolling up their sleeves and begin to figure out what to do next for Bond 26. Whatever the case and whatever the decisions, could we be looking at a 007 shared universe in the style of Marvel now that MGM have been bought by Amazon? DON'T MISSJames Bond star Daniel Craig returns in Knives Out 2 first look WATCH [DANIEL CRAIG]Bond star's ‘nerves’ of working with Daniel Craig on No Time To Die [NO TIME TO DIE]Next James Bond reboot ‘difficult’ after No Time To Die says 007 star [NEXT BOND] Broccoli was adamant that Bond will not be following that route, saying: “It doesn’t make sense to us. To do a Bond film without Bond? It’s like doing Hamlet without Hamlet. It feels like Bond is in the centre of our universe and we want to focus on that.” Additionally, EON Productions still have creative control of the 007 film franchise and both producers are committed to keeping the movies in the cinema before eventually heading to streaming on home release. It sounds like they know what they’re doing, but let’s just hope it’s not as long a wait between movies as No Time To Die was after Spectre. SOURCE