The Enneagram is a personality system that reveals how you navigate the world through emotions and your engagement with others to get what you want and need. It is popular within spirituality and business disciplines. The theory derives from the teachings of Bolivian psycho-spiritual teacher Oscar Ichazo and Chilean psychiatrist Claudio Naranjo, and the idea is that we each fit into one of nine personality types that are all interconnected. Which of the nine enneatypes are you? The Enneagram personality test can aid you in self-awareness, self-understanding and self-development. There are nine types arranged in an enneagram figure, which is made up of a circle, an inner triangle and a hexagonal periodic figure, with the shapes connecting all of the numbers together. You might find yourself relating to multiple types, but you will only have one core type that should stand out as the closest to yourself. The types are split into three categories - the heart types, the head types and the body types. Take the quiz here to find out which type you are and read below to learn more about yourself. READ MORE- How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps  According to the Truity site, heart types (type two, three and four) react with their emotions first. The site reads: “They connect with other people on an empathetic level, and make sense of the world by understanding their feelings about it. “These types are guided by the feelings connected to their emotional relationships with other people. “They value things such as emotional support, recognition, and inclusion.” Type two - the giver Type twos just want to be liked by everyone and fit in, and they often find ways to be helpful. This type fears being unlovable. The three- the achiever Type threes want to be successful and admired by other people and are very conscious of their public image, the site said. Type threes fear failure and not being seen as valuable by other people. Type four - the individualist Fours want to be unique and to experience deep, authentic emotions. Type fours fear they are flawed and are overly focused on how they are different from other people. DON'T MISS...Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation [INFORMER]Horoscopes: Gemini has 'useful' trait in love but must 'stop worrying' [INSIGHT]Virgo faces 'constant struggle' but has one 'secret weapon' [EXPLAINER] As you’d expect, the head types of the enneagram (types five, six and seven) react with mental analysis first. The site explains: “They connect with other people on an intellectual level, and make sense of the world by understanding the systems and theories that underlie what they observe. “These types are primarily focused on control, which they gain by maintaining stability, security, and competence.” Type five - the investigator Fives seek understanding and knowledge and are more comfortable with data than other people, the site reveals. The biggest fear of type fives is being overwhelmed by their own needs or the needs of other people. Type six - the sceptic Type sixes are extremely concerned with security and safety at all times. They like to prepare for problems ahead of time, as their greatest fear is being “unprepared and unable to defend themselves from danger”. Type seven - the enthusiast Type sevens are all about fun and adventure, and they typically get bored easily. The site reads: “Type sevens fear experiencing emotional pain, especially sadness, and actively seek to avoid it by staying busy.”