Novak Djokovic has shared a heartfelt message to Marian Vajda after splitting with his coach of 15 years. The world No 2 announced the news on Tuesday, having made the decision mutually at the end of last season. Djokovic is currently facing a struggle to compete in tournaments as he remains unvaccinated. Djokovic has worked with Vajda since 2006, starting their partnership shortly before the French Open. The pair briefly split before getting back together in 2018, and aside from that few months have worked together for 15 years. The Slovakian coach has been with the world No 2 for all 20 of his Grand Slam title victories. He stopped travelling with Djokovic as frequently when former Wimbledon champion Goran Ivanisevic joined the 34-year-old's team during Wimbledon in 2019, with Vajda saying he wanted to spend more time with his family. JUST IN: Daniil Medvedev trophy defence in major doubt as ITF issue sanctions  Vajda and Djokovic then mutually agree to part ways at the conclusion of last year's season-ending ATP Finals in Turin. They did not announce their split until Tuesday, but the 57-year-old did not travel to Australia or Dubai with the Serb. Although Djokovic was ultimately deported from Australia and left unable to compete, Vajda fiercely defended his charge to Slovakian news outlet Aktuality at the time, saying: "It was an unhealthy and unjust decision, based on the assumption that Djokovic could do or influence something that had not yet happened." A day after their split was announced, the world No 2 has taken to his social media platforms to confirm the news and share a heartfelt message to his long-time coach, saying Vajda will always be "family". DON'T MISSZverev returns in Davis Cup U-turn amid investigation for tantrumRaducanu faces race against time to prove fitness before Indian WellsUkrainian Elina Svitolina makes U-turn as she agrees to face Russian  "What a journey together my friend @vajdamarian. 15 years!" he wrote, adding mindblown and smiley face emojis. "You have been by my side during the most important and memorable moments in my career. "Together we have achieved the unachievable and I will forever be grateful for your friendship and dedication. You will always be my family and I can’t thank you enough for everything." Both Djokovic and Vajda's camps also released statements on Tuesday confirming the split, with the renowned coach saying: "I will look back on our time together with immense pride and am so very thankful for the success we have achieved." The rest of Djokovic's team, including Ivanisevic and the Serb's physios and fitness trainers Ulises Badio, Miljan Amanovic, and Marco Panichi, will stay the same.  It is not known when or where the 20-time Grand Slam champion will next compete after suffering a shock quarter-final loss to qualifier Jiri Vesely in Dubai last week, as he faces trouble trying to enter tournaments unvaccinated. Speaking in Dubai, the world No 2 admitted he would not be able to play the upcoming Masters 1000s in Indian Wells and Miami over the United States' requirement for travellers to be fully vaccinated. Even the first big tournament of the clay season in April - the Monte Carlo Masters - appears off limits to the Serb despite the fact that he resides in Monaco with his family. “He has to be in order. For the moment, as far as I know, he is not vaccinated. As soon as he is in good health with respect to government regulations, we will welcome him with open arms," tournament director Zeljko Franulovic said last month.