Plans for a European Union army were thrown out by EU Commissioner Ursula von der Leyen during a speech on the Ukraine crisis. Despite calls to ramp up military resources for an EU army, Ms von der Leyen noted that there needs to be close coordination with NATO to defend from any Russian attack in the future. Following an EU summit in Versailles, she said: "I want to be very clear that we need to closely coordinate with NATO. "NATO is the strongest military alliance in the world. "Thus I welcome that the leaders have tasked us to prepare an analysis of the defence investment gaps and to make sure that we have a clear plan on how to deal with those gaps in Europe by mid-May when the Commission is presenting the results of this undertaking." It comes Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said he spoke to US President Joe Biden on Friday and they agreed on further support for Ukraine's defence and more sanctions against Russia. READ MORE: Putin may be battling ravaging disease, ex-MI6 boss says "Gave him the assessment of the situation on the battlefield, informed about the crimes of Russia against the civilian population. We agreed on further steps to support the defense of Ukraine and increase sanctions against Russia," Zelenskiy said on Twitter. He provided no more details. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Friday that humanitarian corridors constituted the "bare minimum" of what Ukraine needs at this moment, and called on Russia to withdraw its forces and engage in diplomatic efforts in good faith. Talks between Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Ukrainian counterpart Dmytro Kuleba in Turkey on Thursday made no apparent progress towards a ceasefire as the conflict entered its third week. Speaking to Reuters on the sidelines of a forum in Antalya, Turkey, Stoltenberg said talks between the warring parties were important, but added any real solution was dependent on Russia withdrawing its troops. "I continue to believe it is important that we work hard for a political, diplomatic solution," Stoltenberg said. "The bare minimum is to establish humanitarian corridors where people can get out and humanitarian aid can get in." He said the nuclear rhetoric from Russian President Vladimir Putin was "dangerous" and "reckless", and reiterated that NATO would not send troops or jets into Ukraine despite the repeated appeals from Ukrainian officials. Stoltenberg said he understood "the desperate situation" but deploying soldiers or imposing a no-fly zone over Ukraine "would most likely... escalate the war to a full-fledged war between NATO and Russia," he added. DON'T MISS Is Russia committing genocide? Zelensky condemns 'ultimate evidence' [INSIGHT]Russia's history of chemical attacks - including in the UK [ANALYSIS]Musk humiliates Putin and 'supports Ukraine' with SpaceX tech [VIDEO] Moscow calls its incursion a "special military operation" to disarm Ukraine and dislodge leaders it calls "neo-Nazis." Kyiv and its Western allies dismiss that as baseless pretext for an unprovoked war against a democratic country of 44 million people. Stoltenberg said on Friday that the bombing of a maternity ward on Thursday showed how "brutal" and "heinous" Russia's war was, and stressed the importance of a ceasefire. Turkey's S-400s NATO member Turkey, which hosted the Russian and Ukrainian foreign ministers, shares a maritime border with both countries in the Black Sea and has good ties with them. It has called the invasion unacceptable and appealed for a ceasefire, but has also opposed sanctions on Moscow. While forging close ties with Russia in defence, energy and trade, and heavily relying on Russian tourists, Turkey has also sold drones to Ukraine, angering Moscow. It also opposes Russian policies in Syria and Libya, as well as its annexation of Crimea in 2014.