Mauricio Pochettino is not good enough to be the next manager of Manchester United, according to former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan. Pochettino is one of the leading candidates to be appointed by United this summer. The Argentine has long been linked with the Old Trafford job. Pochettino has been keen on managing United for a number of years, dating back to his time in charge of Tottenham. He was again a target following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last November. But United deemed it not possible to prise him away from Paris Saint-Germain mid-season and instead appointed Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis. New CEO Richard Arnold is in charge of appointing the next permanent boss. TOP STORY: Lionel Messi and Neymar break Pochettino's golden rule he installed at Tottenham  And Jordan does not think Pochettino is the right type of manager for United at this point. He said on talkSPORT: "I'm looking at the dynamic of what Man United require because Man United are trying to get back into the position of winning things, not participating. "No I don't [think Pochettino is good enough], no I don't. "For what United need, what United need is for someone to drag them kicking and screaming back into the position where they're challenging for titles." DON'T MISSPiers Morgan orders Arsenal to 'break the bank' to beat Man Utd to Thomas Tuchel [SOCIAL]Karim Benzema and Robert Lewandowski send Mohamed Salah message to Liverpool owners FSG [COMMENT]Cesar Azpilicueta becomes first Chelsea player to break silence over Roman Abramovich [INTERVIEW]  Despite his comments, Jordan concedes that Pochettino will be one of the contenders. But he thinks Arnold must follow a two-point plan in a thorough process to seek out the right person for United. "[Pochettino] shouldn't be the only person on that list," Jordan continued. "There shouldn't be an assumption that he's nailed on. That shouldn't be the assumption.  "He should be put through the ringer of what United really require. "There are two images of what United require: What we see, which is on the pitch on a Saturday afternoon and how we see them failing and what people like Roy Keane splutter and mutter about. "And then we see the other side of it which we don't see, which is what's going on behind the scenes with the best in class regime that isn't in situ." Another manager who was linked with the United job before the appointment of Rangnick was Antonio Conte.  Conte was said to be keen on taking over at the Red Devils before he was lured to Tottenham. Jordan believes the Italian would have been the right option for United. He said: "I would have taken Conte. Every day of the week. "Not necessarily now but if you asked me the question of who I would have taken, at the time it would have been Conte."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here