In a recent episode of Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire on Channel 5, Jane recalled watching the naval warfare show in Scarborough's North Bay. The former Loose Women star explained how the memories of watching with her father, mother and brother will "never leave" her as she detailed the touching experience while she revisited Peasholm Park. "What amazing memories this place beautiful brings back for me," she reflected. "It's just filled me with such delight coming here today." The singer continued: "We were both [she and her brother, Tony] so excited to get here. "Just spending time with my mum and dad, and my brother - I remember it just feeling enchanting." READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? Talking about how the half-hour event left her "spellbound," she recalled her father's enthusiasm. "It was just like magical and as a child that magic stayed with me." Jane spoke to the people who maintain the warships and met Trevor, whom she thanked for the battles. Trevor showed her the boats used and she was impressed by the attention to detail. She later added: "The amount of childhood memories that gentlemen like Trevor has kept alive for so many years is priceless. "It was such a thrill to watch - the lights and the sparks and the fireworks going off and the smell of gunpowder and the feel of holding my dad's hand - that will never leave me." Jane also recalled having a go on the pedalos with her brother as a child. She revisited the experience by having one of the workers take her around the river on one. DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small boss talks filming 'difficult' show [LATEST]Laura Tobin sparks GMB chaos as ITV star 'oversleeps' [VIDEO]The One Show cancelled tonight as BBC One show replaced [LATEST] As she waved at the park's visitors, she had a go at pedalling herself. "I'll have to have a rest," she admitted before asking: "I'll just put my feet up like that, is that alright, Ryan?" "I don't know if I can stand up," she laughed as she attempted to get off the pedalo. "I've got shaky legs! That's not right, is it?" she confessed. Whilst touring the seaside town, Jane also made her way to the indoor fairground, where she was met with an unexpected piano player who left her blown away. The 58-year-old at one point turned to the camera after watching couples dance to a man playing the musical instrument, commenting: "I love this, takes me back to many happy hours. "Going around the floor like that in the arms of my dad, they hold tea dances here a couple of times a week, and as you can see, the pull of the ballroom is impossible to resist." Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire is available to watch on My5.