Liverpool fears could soon be realised after the club's latest contract meeting with Mohamed Salah was described as 'negative'. The Reds may be forced into a big decision on the Egyptian as the prospect of losing their prized asset for free in 2023 looms large. Salah started on the bench against Arsenal on Wednesday night, and although he emerged during the second half, his goal-scoring pedigree was not needed as Diogo Jota and Roberto Firmimo fired the Reds to a crucial victory. While their Premier League title prospects are looking up, the lack of movement on their flying winger's contract situation continues to make fans sweat. Klopp has put on a brave face when quizzed on the matter in public, but transfer insider Fabrizio Romano has sparked cause for concern with his own assessment. "This Mo Salah situation is really serious," he told Rio Ferdinand Presents FIVE, "Let me say that Jurgen Klopp, who is fantastic with communication, is trying to calm it down. JUST IN: Arsenal and Man Utd discover Ruben Neves fee as 'Barcelona pull out due to price tag'   "The last meeting was in the US in December, it was a negative meeting. Liverpool are not offering what Mo Salah wants. The last conversation was in December, they are not negotiating now. Nothing is going on. Mo Salah said no. "From what I'm told, he really loves Liverpool. He's happy with the club, with the city, with the manager, with the team-mates. He wants to be a Liverpool player in the future, but not in the current financial conditions. DON'T MISS:Cristiano Ronaldo has made his feelings clear as Man Utd create new manager shortlistMourinho's brutal Man Utd statement proves Champions League failureChelsea boss Tuchel overtakes Pochettino as Man Utd's No 1 target   "I'm not sure if Salah is leaving this summer, it could be next summer on a free. Mo is not desperate to go, but at this point he wants an important contract. "Liverpool don't want to change their wage structure. They want to make him the best-paid player in the team, but not with a crazy salary. "If you look at other clubs, some have crazy salaries and they are normal players. Mo is always delivering and he wants the final top contract of his career. He thinks he deserves it, and the situation is really serious, I'm not sure whether he will extend his contract."   Although Klopp recently claimed that Liverpool had done everything they could to sign Salah up to renewed terms, the player's agent launched a telling response. Ramy Abbas Issa posted a barrage of laughing faces to social media shortly after the German's speech, suggesting that the next move is on the Reds. Keeping the 29-year-old at the club is an extremely pressing issue in light of his sensational performances. This season, Salah is away and clear in the Premier League scoring charts with 20, and with 10 assists to boot it is hard to understate his importance to Klopp's frontline. 