Further murmurs of Manchester United players questioning Ralf Rangnick's tactics could emerge in the coming days, according to Jamie Carragher. Rangnick returned to his preferred 4-2-2-2 formation in Sunday's heavy defeat at Manchester City as United players' body language came under fire again. The Red Devils succumbed to a 4-1 mauling at the Etihad Stadium, courtesy of braces from Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez. And Rangnick's decision to start with no recognised strikers was widely disputed as Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba started upfront. Despite a positive opening 20 minutes, United soon crumbled and had no answer to Man City's overwhelming quality. On Monday, the latest dressing room leaks indicated further disharmony amongst Rangnick's squad, with Marcus Rashford considering an exit and players feeling unsettled by the club's failure to clarify who their next manager will be, all while their top-four hopes continue to fade. JUST IN: Arsenal told what they must do to avoid Bukayo Saka fight And during Monday Night Football, Carragher revealed there could be more dressing room leaks surrounding Rangnick's tactics in the coming days. He told Sky Sports: "One thing that I think will come out in the next few days is whether those players wanted to play in that way and in that system. "I think when I see any team go with a 4-4-2 against Manchester City away from home, I always fear for them because I don't understand how you are going to stop City from getting their players in between the lines." READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick trusts just two players as alarmed by issue United were accused of giving up by club legends Gary Neville and Roy Keane after Man City's third goal flew in on 68 minutes, but Carragher doesn't believe that was the case. He continued: "No, [I don't think United gave up]. "I think it's 3-1, you are playing against the best team in the world, and of course, your shoulders are going to drop, and players are going to lose that belief. Could they have done more? "In the 73rd minute, Fred, McTominay, Lingard and Rashford. When you are 3-1 down, you can't sit in, you have to try and win the ball back, and that is when the pitch gets even bigger." But ex-United star Teddy Sheringham, joining Carragher as a pundit on MNF, suggested his former side did give up working as a team to stop Man City's dominance on Sunday. "I see both sides of the story," Sheringham explained. "I have played in a dominant Manchester United side where you are demanded that you show 100% commitment to the cause, and everybody is rowing in the same boat together." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.