According to the latest data from the Scottish Government, 2,360 people have been hospitalised because of coronavirus. Friday's total, the last day data was available for, was 2,326, the previous highest number reported since the beginning of the pandemic. Of those in hospital in Scotland, 21 are currently being treated in intensive care with recently confirmed Covid. On Monday, Scotland recorded a further 7,429 new cases and no new deaths. The death toll stands at 11,320 since the beginning of the pandemic. Separate figures produced by National Records of Scotland (NRS) which record the number of deaths where Covid was mentioned on a death certificate, put the figure at 13,684 as of March 20. NRS figures include deaths where “suspected” or “probable” Covid-19 appears on the death certificate. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) estimated that one in 11 people in Scotland had Covid in the week ending March 20. On Thursday, SNP health secretary Humza Yousaf, warned MSPs that modelling showed the rising numbers of Covid patients in hospitals could continue “over the next couple or few weeks”. The dominance of the highly transmissible Omicron BA2 subvariant is the reason for this “unprecedented pressure” this brings, he said. On Sunday, Mr Yousaf added np new Covid restrictions would be introduced when Nicola Sturgeon updates Holyrood on Wednesday, but noted “record levels in hospitals with Covid infection”. He said record levels of Covid in hospitals put extra pressures on the service which had a knock on effect on accident and emergency departments. It comes as Scottish Government modelling suggests half of Scotland's acute hospital beds could be taken up by patients with Covid before Easter. Projections drawn up by epidemiologists show behavioural changes could see the number of Covid positive patients in hospital in Scotland soar close to 7000 by April 11. There are roughly 14,000 staffed acute beds across NHS Scotland. Even central projections model an increase in bed occupancy by Covid patients to between 3000 to 4000 within two weeks. MORE TO FOLLOW