WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from Our House. Our House has been an explosive drama, highlighting issues like a marital breakdown, trust in new relationships and property fraud. Fi Lawson (played by Tuppence Middleton) was completely in the dark when she was informed that her home had been sold without her knowing. As the ITV series has continued, Fi has been slowly trying to piece the puzzle together to find out the truth. Our House's Fi returned home to see another couple looking around after purchasing it themselves. She sees that all of their worldly belongings are gone as well and, to make matters worse, she cannot get hold of her estranged husband Bram (Martin Compston). As fans discovered in the penultimate episode which aired on Wednesday, March 9, he was the one who sold the house without his wife's knowledge. But it is a lot more complicated than Bram wanting to get rid of their family home. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? The series has been flitting between the present day and the past to give fans the bigger picture. Bram and Toby (Rupert Penry Jones), whose real name is Mike, were involved in a car accident which led to the former running over an eight-year-old girl who was in a coma and later died. Toby, along with Wendy (Buket Komur) who witnessed the hit-and-run, teamed up to blackmail Bram out of £2million. Unable to get his hands on that kind of money quickly, Bram felt he had no choice but to sell the house. So how is Fi going to react when she finds out exactly what Bram has done and why? Our House made its big debut on ITV on Monday, March 7, airing a new episode every night this week. The thriller will be reaching its conclusion on Thursday, March 10, with fans finding out how it's all going to come to a head. But for now, at least, the future isn't looking bright for Our House. There has been no talk of the drama returning for a second series and there are a few reasons why it seems a comeback is unlikely. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell [EXPLAINER]Richard Madeley sparks uproar again with Ukraine joke [VIDEO]‘Expected better’ Our House viewers ‘switch off’ ahead of finale [REACTION] Our House is based on the Sunday Times bestselling book released in 2019 by author Louise Candlish. So far, the thriller has stayed pretty true to the novel so it is probable that the ending will be more or less the same onscreen as it is on the page. Our House is a standalone book with Candlish not writing a follow-up so unless the creators decide to branch out and further the story themselves, there aren't any more plots they can take from her work. Another indicator that points to a second series not being in the works is how the show finishes. Many fans have already seen the grand finale of Our House as it is already available as a boxset on ITV Hub. As Fi found out the truth about Toby, she ended up killing him with her friend Merle (Weruche Opia) helping to cover it up by pretending that he and Mike were actually two different people. Bram, who is regretful of his actions, goes off to Switzerland to kill himself but before doing so, makes a recording to clear Fi's name of any wrongdoing. However, in the process, he also confirms Toby and Mike's one identity which leads to the police arresting her for murder. With Bram dead and Fi going to prison, the story has already been wrapped up with one series. In addition to this, usually, if there was an intention for more episodes, channels usually refer to shows as "season one". By labelling it as a mini-series, fans should expect there to be just a handful of episodes to the story. Our House is available to watch on ITV Hub.