David Pool from Wales was hoping to sit the Large Goods Vehicle theory test but was unable to because he said the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) failed to accommodate or book an interpreter on three occasions, reported the BBC. The DVSA said the issue would be looked into immediately, however Mr Pool feels the agency, and the UK Government are discriminating against deaf people. He said: "I feel discriminated against. I think they need to have some deaf awareness." Mr Pool said he wanted to be a lorry driver as he views it as a well-paid role. But when he attended his first LGV theory test in February 2021, the DVSA hadn’t booked a room big enough to accommodate himself and an interpreter and he was sent home. A second attempt at the test resulted in Mr Pool failing and a third booking to resit was cancelled by the DVSA at the last minute. On Mr Pool’s fourth attempt to sit the test he attended the test centre in Bangor, North Wales but although the DVSA said an interpreter had been booked, they didn’t arrive and so he was again sent home. British Sign Language (BSL) interpreters sit with people taking the exam and translate from English into BSL to make sure they can understand all the information and are not at any disadvantage. The interpreter service is free for deaf people and they can also provide clarification when needed as written English is not necessarily the first language of someone who communicates through sign language. Mr Pool said he was refused a refund for his booking and travel costs and was still waiting to receive a new date to sit his theory test. He added: "They need to know more about deaf people and the education and how they communicate. We face a lot of challenges and barriers. "When you're deaf and there is a language barrier there, getting information in your first language is very very difficult." The charity Centre for Sign Sight Sound (COS) has been supporting Mr Pool over the issue. Ffion Mon Roberts from COS said, "I feel the accessibility is there. "But I just feel it's the attitudes of the organisation - it's their time in booking that and the lack of awareness." Ms Roberts said Mr Pool's case was one of many that highlighted the barriers deaf people faced when accessing public services. Mr Pool has also contacted his MP, Liz Saville Roberts, who said public bodies such as the DVSA should serve everyone fairly. She said "The DVSA should be ahead of their game in this and as it's turned out, it just seems like they are looking for excuses not to provide a service.” Mr Pool, who is unemployed, said: "I want to be a lorry driver, I want to be working, at the moment I am sat at home doing nothing.” Alexander Fiddes, Head of Digital Operations at DVSA, said: “We take this complaint very seriously and have contacted the candidate to arrange a new test at a time and location suitable for them. “We are investigating how and why this happened so that we continue to provide a fair and supportive service to all our customers.”