Pensioners are sharing how their “future looks bleak” due to the increase to the cost of living which is putting further pressure on them. As a benefit payment, Cold Weather Payments are available to households which are situated in areas experiencing sub zero temperatures over a seven-day period. Claimants need to be in receipt of certain qualifying benefits, such as Pension Credit or Universal Credit. This vital benefits support is only available to eligible claimants between the months of October and March. However, some of the country’s leading charities are calling for reforms to Cold Weather Payments to further support those most in need. Specifically, Age UK is putting forward a proposal to offer payments of £500 to those eligible for the benefits support. These suggestions by the charity are part of a wider group of suggestions to address the issue of growing energy bills. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Earlier this year, industry regulator Ofgem confirmed that the energy price cap will rise to almost £2,000, which will see bills go up by £693 a week. On top of this, experts believe the price cap could hit £3,000 by October if no intervention is taken. Speaking to Age UK, Norma, 81, said: “The uncertainty regarding the energy bills along with increases in food and clothing is stressful and the future is looking bleak. “I never imagined that this country would leave me, at 81 and disabled, feeling helpless and insecure.” Rachel, an unpaid carer for her partner, added: “My husband has advanced Alzheimer’s, is totally bed bound, doubly incontinent and my daughter and I care for him completely at home. “He has to be washed and changed at least three times a day and consequently my washing machine and dryer are permanently in use. “We have to keep the heating on most of the time as his temperature quickly drops if the house gets cold. Our fuel bills are currently £270 per month. “These latest increases will make an enormous difference to our expenses but we have no choice because of my husband's health.” Sharing what benefits support she receives, Margaret added: “I am 72 and on a low income. "The rises will affect me personally because I am on Pension Credit and already ration my energy use so that I can afford the bills. I feel very anxious about it.” Furthermore, recent research by Age UK found that one in five older households are not eligible for the council tax rebate which was created to help vulnerable people with soaring energy bills. The £140 discount is available to households living in council tax bands A to D, however around 4.3 million households are ineligible for it. Caroline Abrahams, the organisation’s charity director, said: “It was already clear that the support announced by the Government last month was insufficient to protect older people on low and modest incomes from the impact of inflationary price rises. “Now, deepening our concerns, our new analysis shows that one in five of the older population who are already hard-pressed are set to miss out on the £150 council tax rebate. “The Government must do more to help them by expanding eligibility for the rebate scheme, or through some other mechanism that puts additional cash into their hands.” As part of his Spring Statement, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a doubling of the financial support for the Household Support Fund. On top of this, The Times is reporting Mr Sunak is exploring further changes to the council tax rebate in a bid to tackle rising energy bills.