Lorraine Kelly, 62, has shared her sadness that Holby City’s final episode will air in the coming weeks. The BBC medical drama has been axed after 23 years and Lorraine has been vocal about her disapproval of the show’s impending end. The presenter responded to a trailer for the show’s penultimate episode which will air on Tuesday. The clip teases Jac Naylor’s fate as she is set to undergo brain tumour surgery. Lorraine wrote in view of her 688,000 Twitter followers: “Can’t believe it’s nearly the end of @BBCHolbyCity - will miss it.” The tweet divided users with some sharing Lorraine’s despair while others thought the time was right for the show to come to an end. READ MORE:Chris Kamara addresses slurred speech on Soccer Saturday Anne fumed: “Yup BBC got this so wrong. I don't care where it's filmed or set, they clearly don't get their audience.” David lamented: “Can’t believe they have ended Holby City. Have watched it from the beginning. It has everything - drama, humour, great characters, great actors, great writing, great production.” And Lynn raged: “I'm actually quite emotional about it. How the heck did they make that decision. I wasn't consulted. I'd rather see the people responsible for that finished than Holby.” However, on the opposing side of the debate, Terry said: “It used to be good, I watched it all the time. However, the last 8 months (and before) the story lines have been extremely unrealistic. Quite silly.” (sic) Lorraine previously branded the BBC’s decision “daft”. She tweeted in January: “Can’t believe the BBC have axed Holby City, especially now. Daft decision.” Back in November, the host also made her opinions known live on her daily morning show. She interviewed Trieve Blackwood-Cambridge, who plays medic Josh Hudson, and raged she was “not happy at all”. DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson blames Putin's height as reason for invasion[LATEST]Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’[INSIGHT]Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat[NEWS] The Scot exclaimed: “Look Trieve, I’m not happy. I’m not happy at all. “I’ll tell you why – it’s because it’s going to be the end of Holby next year, and I know you’re going to go out all guns blazing, but me and the fellow fans are not happy!!" Holby’s final episode is set to air on Tuesday, March 29, and show bosses have promised it will “get the send-off it deserves”. The show’s official Twitter said in a statement last year: “Holby will remain on air on Tuesdays until next March, and we will continue to bring you a regular dose of all things Holby right here until then. "We promise that Holby will get the send-off it deserves. Thank you for your continued support and love for the series." An official BBC spokesperson explained that the decision to axe the long-running show had been “difficult” but that its departure was needed to “make room for new opportunities”. A statement read: “We are incredibly proud of Holby City but it’s with great sadness that we are announcing that after 23 years, the show will end on screen in March of next year. “We sometimes have to make difficult decisions to make room for new opportunities and as part of the BBC's commitment to make more programmes across the UK, we have taken the difficult decision to bring the show to a close in order to reshape the BBC's drama slate to better reflect, represent and serve all parts of the country.” The spokesperson went on to thank the show’s cast and crew and ensured it will “go out on a high”. Holby City airs Tuesdays at 8pm on BBC One.