On Tuesday, the European Commission published plans to reduce the bloc's dependency on Russian oil and gas by two thirds this year, as Russian troops invade Ukraine. The EU, which is heavily dependent on Moscow for its energy needs, has promised to end its reliance on Russian fuel "well before 2030". Both the EU and UK have been applying harsh sanctions on various sections of the Russian economy, including its banks. However, these sanctions have so far avoided Russia's energy sector, which forms a major chunk of its exports. As the EU is currently dependent on Russia for 40 percent of its supplies, it has sparked fears that the bloc would not be able to cope without its energy imports. The EU has been scrambling to slash its energy ties with the bloc, with reported plans to permanently scupper Vladimir Putin by completely banning Russian imports of oil and gas.  Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng shared the announcement on Twiiter, saying: "NEW – the UK will phase out the import of Russian oil and oil products by the end of 2022. "This transition will give the market, businesses and supply chains more than enough time to replace Russian imports – which make up 8% of UK demand. "Businesses should use this year to ensure a smooth transition so that consumers will not be affected. "The government will also work with companies through a new Taskforce on Oil to support them to make use of this period in finding alternative supplies." READ MORE: EU ‘funding Russian military’ as further sanctions energy profits Prime Minister Boris Johnson has already warned that the world could not simply stop using oil and gas from Russia but it could accelerate the transition away from it. Mr Kwarteng also said: "Beyond Russia, the vast majority of our imports come from reliable partners such as the US, Netherlands and the Gulf. "We’ll work with them this year to secure further supplies. "The market has already begun to ostracise Russian oil, with nearly 70% of it currently unable to find a buyer. DON'T MISS: "Finally, while the UK is not dependent on Russian natural gas - 4% of our supply - I am exploring options to end this altogether." At a White House address, Mr Biden said: ‘We’re banning all imports of Russian gas, oil and energy' “Russian oil will no longer be accepted at US ports. We will not be part of subsidising Putin’s war.” He noted that this ban targets “the main artery of Russia’s economy”.   Mr Biden said that this decision was taken in consultation with European allies, however, he noted that many of them are not in a position to join the US in banning Russian energy imports because they are more reliant on Russian oil and gas. He said: “This is a step that we’re taking to inflict further pain on Putin, but there will be cost as well here in the United States. "I said I would level with the American people from the beginning, and when I first spoke to this I said defending freedom is going to cost.” THIS IS A BREAKING STORY. MORE TO FOLLOW