APPRECIATE IT (3.30, nap, ITV) has all the credentials to end Honeysuckle’s glorious unbeaten reign in the Unibet Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham. It will be a tough call for the eight-year-old as he has not run since taking last year’s Supreme Novices’ Hurdle at this meeting. But his trainer Willie Mullins is the grand master at getting one ready after a lengthy absence, as he proved by producing Quevega ready to win for six consecutive years first time out in the Mares’ Hurdle at the Festival. Connections had originally planned a chasing career for Appreciate It before an injury put that decision on hold. But after last season’s four impressive wins from four outings over timber, the gelding looked a worthy candidate to give his trainer a fifth Champion Hurdle victory. Without degrading Honeysuckle – how can you when she is unbeaten in her 14 races – the mare has yet to take on a truly top-class performer. JUST IN: Paul Townend backed to beat Rachael Blackmore at Cheltenham Her performances in two runs the season, however, have been outstanding and the 7lb sex allowance she receives from all her rivals will be a huge plus. With his stable now in cracking form, the Gordon Elliott-trained Teahupoo cannot be overlooked. With six wins from seven over hurdles, the progressive gelding is the value at 10-1 to make the frame. Mullins can show why he is the most successful trainer at the Festival by scoring a five-timer on the opening day. READ MORE: Daniil Medvedev loses world No 1 ranking to Novak Djokovic with defeat The unbeaten DYSART DYNAMO (1.30, ITV) has everything in his favour to give the Irish maestro a record eighth victory in the Supreme Novices’ Hurdle. The gelding looked a monster when winning his two outings over hurdles along with two starts in bumpers. Last time out he stormed home by 19 lengths without coming out of second gear. The weights favour the Mullins-trained BLUE LORD (2.10, ITV) to confirm his running with Riveire D’etel when he came out on top at Leopardstown last month. He was a smart hurdler and now looks to be an even better chaser. Having won the Triumph Hurdle two years ago at Cheltenham, BURNING VICTORY (4.10, ITV) can capitalise on that course experience by taking the Close Brothers Mares’ Hurdle for Mullins. The Irish champion trainer can end a memorable day by taking the finale with STATTLER (5.30, ITV). The gelding might be short of experience, just two outings over fences, but his performances are rock solid. Without a Mullins runner lining up in the Ultima Chase, GRUMPY CHARLIE (2.50, ITV), trained by Chris Honour, will appreciate the step up to three miles and one furlong and is viewed as a worthy candidate for next year’s Grand National. THE TIDE TURNS (4.50) can put Gordon Elliott on the scoresheet by taking the Boodles Handicap Hurdle.