While Russia certainly isn’t popular with many states across the world right now, it still maintains a number of key friendly relations. Some have pledged their support for Moscow due to historic close ties with Russia or a hatred for the West and NATO expansion, while others have taken a more subdued approach to supporting the aggressor. Belarus has been a long-time ally of Russia, one which analysts often describe as Russia’s “client state”. The Belarusian dictator Alexander Lukashenko is widely interpreted as being a puppet leader for the Russian state, and counts himself among President Putin’s closest allies. Belarus does not have troops currently fighting in Ukraine, but has allowed Russian forces to travel over the border it shares with northern Ukraine.  READ MORE: Could Putin be assassinated? Internal plot for a coup uncovered China is often considered a strong ally of Russia - but the relationship is more complicated than many give it credit for. In 2001, both countries signed the Treaty of Good-Neighbourliness and Friendly Cooperation. The 20-year pact was recently renewed for five more years, meaning it will now run until at least 2026. However, China has not endorsed Russia’s invasion of Ukraine - but has also failed to condemn it. Part of the agreement between the two countries means Russia accepts China’s claim that Taiwan is a part of China. By holding a mirror up to China, Russia could very easily claim that China could not condemn or disagree with its invasion of Ukraine, which President Putin sees as an extension of Russia.  DON'T MISSRussia tactics: Forced deportations and slave labour - Mariupol latest [INSIGHT]Putin's Plan B: What will Russia do next in Ukraine? [ANALYSIS]Banned weapons: Every deadly bomb, from thermobaric to landmines [EXPLAINER] Myanmar has publicly backed Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Government spokesman Zaw Min Tun said Moscow’s military had “carried out what is justified for the sustainability of their country’s sovereignty”. He added: “Russia shows its position to the world as a world power.” Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has long been a supporter of President Putin. It has been reported that during a private phone call, Mr al-Assad praised the decision to invade Ukraine and denounced what he called Western “hysteria” surrounding it. He also reportedly said the incursion was a “correction of history and restoration of balance which was lost in the world after the breakup of the Soviet Union”.