Piers Morgan aimed another tirade at Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta as he watched former Gunners striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang tear apart Real Madrid in El Clasico. Aubayemang scored twice and provided an assist as Barcelona thrashed their La Liga rivals 4-0.   TV host Morgan has been a strong critic of Arteta. The January departure of Aubameyang from the Emirates Stadium has been heavily scrutinised. Arteta fell out with Aubameyang, stripped the Gabon international of the captaincy and sensationally removed him from the first-team squad following a disciplinary break in December. The 32-year-old’s final appearance for the club came on December 6. The former Borussia Dortmund star was put up for sale in January but Arsenal struggled to field serious bids. Instead, Aubameyang’s contract was terminated and he joined Barca.   JUST IN: Tuchel’s calm amongst the storm can set Chelsea on road to success Aubameyang has been in exceptional form for the Spanish giants and was key to their thrashing of Madrid. Morgan blasted Arteta ‘absurd’ for giving the player away for free. “Another brilliant goal by @Auba - this time in El Clasico. He’s been the world’s most lethal goal machine since joining Barcelona… and with every goal he scores, he makes Arteta look more absurd for giving him away,” the former Good Morning Britain presenter ranted as Aubameyang opened the scoring at the Bernabeu. It was then pointed out that Aubameyang had enjoyed a record of eight goals in as many starts for his new club. Morgan responded, blasting: “A free transfer. WE GAVE HIM AWAY.”   DON'T MISS...Paulo Dybala admission made by Juventus coach amid Liverpool interestChelsea's forgotten man being eyed up by Jose MourinhoFive teams Arsene Wenger could manage following return revelation Fans began to point out to the 56-year-old that Aubameyang’s Arsenal career had run its course. He had fallen out with the manager and was unlikely to make the Spaniard’s team any time soon, meaning a reported £270,000 per week salary was simply sitting in the stands. But Morgan would not budge on his view and aimed another dig at Arteta. He exclaimed: “A manager’s job is to manage great talent & get the best out of them, not drive them out of the club.” And it was a good night for those who shared Morgan’s view that Arsenal should have kept Aubameyang. The new Barca star assisted his side’s second goal before rounding off the scoring with the fourth.    Morgan continued: “UPDATE: Aubameyang scores again in El Clasico. Two goals & one assist so far, and it’s still only the 53rd minute. You watching @m8arteta ???” Arsenal supporters continued to defend Arteta, with one saying Aubameyang was ‘finished’ at Arsenal. Morgan clapped back: “He wasn’t finished at Arsenal, he was just sick of being publicly humiliated by a rookie manager behaving like a petty headmaster. The delusion of Arsenal fans who think we’re better off without @Auba is truly mind-blowing.” The 39-year-old Arteta faces a summer striker crisis after losing Aubameyang and missing out on Dusan Vlahovic in January. The contracts of his only other first-team strikers – Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah – expire in the summer and neither appear close to agreeing fresh terms.   