Cleaning your windows can be a tiresome chore and one that many people avoid throughout the year. With spring cleaning season upon us, now might be the best time to tackle the task. Adam Pawson, head of digital at Safestyle UK, said: "Pvc windows should be cleaned on both sides a few times a year, and as we leave the rain and snow behind, now is the best time to get them sparkling." However, for the best results, you need to make sure you approach the project from all angles. That means focussing on the window frame, as well as the glass. The job might be easier by breaking it down into four key steps. READ MORE: Huge mistake people make when painting walls and how to avoid it Before you begin to wash your window glass or frames, Mr Pawson recommends pulling out an old paintbrush or your vacuum cleaner. This can get rid of any dirt and dust which may have collected since the last time you cleaned your windows. He said: “Start by opening up the window and take an old paintbrush to loosen any dirt, dust and cobwebs that might be stuck in the frame. "Then use the hose of your vacuum cleaner to get rid of any debris. "For uPVC window frames, marks and stains should come off with ease." DON'T MISSDIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [REVEALED]Property: The ‘very popular’ way of adding ‘maximum value’ to a home [COMMENT]‘Reduces dust settling’: ‘Quick’ hacks for cleaning blinds [INSIGHT] Next, it's time to wash your window frames. How you do this might depend on the material the frames are made from. Mr Pawson said: "Fill up a bowl with some warm water and washing-up liquid and use a soft white cloth to wipe down. "Avoid using a coloured cloth as the dye can stain plastic.” For wooden window frames, all you need is a mild detergent, warm water, and a soft cloth or sponge. Make sure the cloth or sponge is not sopping wet and is simply damp. This will prevent dirty, soapy water from running down the frames and into your windowsill. The best way to clean your window glass is by using a soft, microfibre cloth. This can ensure a streak-free shine and will reduce the risk of dust particles collecting on the surface. There are a couple of different cleaning solutions you can use to wash your windows. You can combine either equal parts distilled white vinegar and water or two tablespoons of dishwashing liquid and two quarts of water to create a cleaning solution. Putting the mixture into a spray bottle can make the job easier. Then simply mist your glass with the cleaning solution. After misting, gently wipe the solution from the glass with your microfiber cloth. From window cleaners to maids, one item that is sworn by is the good old squeegee. Squeegees are a great way of reducing streaks from glass, whether it's on your windows or in your shower. According to Better Living Products: "They are much better at scraping away all the grime than a cloth or sponge ever could be, and they don't end up filthy at the end of it. "Squeegees are effective, sanitary, and very easy to clean."