Jenny Newby and Lee Riley are fan favourites on Gogglebox, having started on the show in 2014. The Gogglebox duo left many show viewers in tears this evening as Jenny got emotional as she revealed the reason why she wouldn't donate one of her organs after her death. Gogglebox showed a clip this evening of BBC's Hospital: Road to Recovery that featured a mother giving her kidney to her daughter, despite her life being put on the line. The series, filmed earlier this year, follows the emotional journeys of the patients waiting to receive their long-awaited surgeries. The storyline made many viewers at home emotional, but led Jenny into a very deep chat with Lee about her organ donation plans. She said: "I've already got mine sorted, they can have what they like but they can't have my eyes. READ MORE: JK Rowling hits back as Putin likens her to Russia in bizarre rant "I would give them everything but I can't give them my eyes." She sobbed: "That's awful isn't it. "I know I'm getting really upset because I think what could happen to me. I want to be able to see when I go to heaven." Social media users flocked to Twitter to share their emotion over the touching subject and Jenny's life insight. TheEeshkebab said: "I wanna keep my eyes, I wanna see when I go to heaven. (sic) "I'm crying. I love Jenny so much @C4Gogglebox @legogglebox #gogglebox." JanetteMunroM added: "#Gogglebox @leegogglebox Jenny we said the same thing when donating my dad's organs. "Can't take your eyes because he needs to see his family in heaven." DON'T MISS... 'They called it a tumour' Jasmine Harman addresses family struggles [HEALTH] Demi Rose sparks a social media frenzy in barely-there bikini [PICTURES] Victoria Beckham puts on eye-popping display in cut-out dress [INSTAGRAM] Too_manyshoes commented: "I'm with Jenny. They can have everything but my eyes. #OrgandDonation #Gogglebox." Earlier on in the episode Jenny and Lee were joined by an unexpected visitor in the caravan causing Jenny to scream in shock. A mouse had managed to break into the caravan. "Oh, what was that then," asked Lee, before crying out, "Oh, it's a mouse." "Lee, how's it got in?" Jenny asked. She then begged Lee to get it out of the caravan, but Lee could not stop laughing at the situation. Jenny told him off while urging him to catch the mouse and pointed out that it was hiding near the table. Lee continued as he joked: "It nearly jumped on your pork scratching." You can watch Gogglebox on Channel 4 on Fridays at 9pm