The Government announced that Gran Canaria would drop from level four Covid alert to level three. The island had the most restrictions in the Canaries. According to the latest Government announcement, all of the islands will be subject to the same restrictions from Monday 7 March. All hospitality venues will be allowed to operate at 100 percent capacity, including cinemas and theatres. In good news for British tourists, guided tours can also operate at 100 percent capacity again. The new measures will come into place at midnight on March 7 and remain in place until April 30. READ MORE: World War 3: Top 3 safest destinations to travel to Venues will be allowed to remain open until 4am and people can meet in groups of a maximum of 12 people. However, although nightclubs can remain open, dancing is still forbidden under the new rules. The Canary islands are an extremely popular destination for British tourists with many travelling there each year. Tenerife, Lanzarote and Fuerteventura are some of the most popular islands and each offer tourists something slightly different. The islands increased restrictions after the emergence of the Omicron variant in December. Spain banned unvaccinated Britons in December and the Canary Islands led calls to relax the rules for British teenagers. Although the controversial rule for teenagers has now been scrapped, some tourism officials on the islands said they feared losing out to competitors such as Turkey and Greece. Bookings have surged as British tourists are eager to get away after the pandemic blocked travel. According to easyJet data, more than 30 percent of Britons are planning a holiday to Spain this year. Currently, British tourists still need to wear a face mask at all indoor venues and stations in Spain. The Spanish Government has said it hopes to scrap the masks soon but will follow advice from health professionals. British tourists are advised to check the local restrictions in their holiday destination as rules vary across regions. British tourists can travel to Spain if they are fully vaccinated but will need to have a booster if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. British teenagers aged between 12-17 can travel to Spain without being vaccinated if they have a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours. On arrival back in the UK, vaccinated British tourists will need to fill out a passenger locator form but will not need a test. Transport secretary, Grant Shapps, is reportedly planning to scrap the forms ahead of the Easter holidays.