Oscar-winner Will Smith saw red at the weekend when comic Chris Rock appeared to poke fun at his wife's alopecia condition with a "GI Jane" joke - and stormed the stage to slap him across the face. As some rushed to condemn the movie star's unexpected show of aggression, Piers hit back: "I'd probably have done the same." Piers made the passionate admission in view of almost eight million Twitter followers this morning. Though many argued that there was never a legitimate excuse for violence, Piers dismissed their words with a cry of: "So much snowflakey bulls*** re Oscars smackdown." He continued: "You can think Will Smith wrong to slap Chris Rock but still understand why he did it if he thought - incorrectly - Rock was deliberately mocking his wife’s alopecia in front of a gazillion people. "I’d have probably done the same." READ NOW: Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis During an emotional Oscars acceptance speech later that evening, Will spoke of his urge to"protect" his family. He has also previously opened up about enduring trauma in childhood, when he was unable to protect his mother from violence inflicted by his father. He told the world that this episode had shaped him more than any other event in his life - and that his inability to help had haunted him. "When I was nine years old, I watched my father punch my mother in the side of the head so hard that she collapsed,” he explained in his 2011 autobiography. “I saw her spit blood. That moment in that bedroom, probably more than any other moment in my life, has defined who I am. "Within everything that I have done since then — the awards and accolades, the spotlights and attention, the characters and the laughs — there has been a subtle string of apologies to my mother for my inaction that day. "For failing her in the moment. For failing to stand up to my father. For being a coward." He added: “What you have come to understand as ‘Will Smith’... the bigger-than-life movie star, is largely a construction – a carefully crafted and honed character designed to protect myself... To hide the coward." DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [PHOTOS] Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT] Lily Collins laments 'end of an era' after Phil Collins' last show [UPDATE]  This appears to explain why Will came out of hiding at the weekend, standing up for his wife in a way he had been unable to for his mother. However some still disapproved of his attack on Chris, with @markgoldbridge replying to Piers' post to argue: "Condoning violence is the issue. 'I'd do the same' just spreads the message that violence is the answer. " Yet @HalfSpacedOut hit back: "Yeah but legitimately sometimes violence is actually the answer?" @MpHarrington reasoned: "If some dude mocked my wife’s disability for a cheap joke I would do the same. There’s plenty of material for jokes." @jones_267 added: "I might be wrong but I haven't heard any calls for Rock to apologise? What he said to her was bang out of order." Meanwhile @_DeltaOne_quizzed: "Was it? Surely GI Jane is a role model to any woman who has lost their hair - Demi Moore's portrayal of an amazingly strong and determined woman to achieve something few men can in a male dominated role." He added: "I don’t think Rock was making fun of her, the opposite actually." @cristo_radio was a voice of dissent, arguing: "The snowflakes here are those so offended by a joke they think hitting someone is an understandable response. So I’m afraid that includes you Piers!" However, during Will's Best Actor acceptance speech, he simply explained: "Love will make you do crazy things," and later apologised for his behaviour in a statement.