Stereotypical British meals such as Welsh rarebit, pie and mash, haggis, black pudding, and more, are quickly decreasing in popularity, according to new research. Delving into the UK’s eating habits, a study found that many young people have never tried some British dishes. Young people are embracing more international and healthier foods, instead of British classics, a new study has found. Research undertaken by food brand Sushi Daily discovered that many 18 to 29-year-old Britons have never tried some old-fashioned dishes, favoured by generations past. The study revealed a list of stereotypically British foods losing favour among young people. According to the data, 40 percent of those interviewed had never tried Welsh rarebit, while 35 percent had never tasted liver and onions. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours As many as 32 percent had never eaten pie and mash with liquor before, and a huge 65 percent were unfamiliar with jellied eels. Consisting of chopped eels boiled in a spicy stock, the classic dish originates from the East End of London, with records of people eating it dating back to the 18th century. Haggis was another dish rarely eaten by the younger generation in Britain. Despite the dish being an iconic staple in Scotland, as well as often being eaten on Burns Night in the rest of the UK, 46 percent claimed to have never eaten it. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] As for pub classics, 20 percent of those polled said they had never tried gammon with a pineapple ring, while 21 percent revealed they had never tasted bubble and squeak. Bubble and squeak is a traditionally British dish made from cooked potatoes and cabbage, mixed together and fried. Other favourites declining in popularity included black pudding, Saveloy sausage and chips, and Lancashire hotpot. Up to 32 percent had never eaten a black pudding in their life, while 30 percent had tried neither a Saveloy sausage and chips nor a Lancashire hotpot. The Saveloy sausage is a type of seasoned sausage, normally bright red, and sold in fish and chip shops throughout Britain. Meanwhile, a Lancashire hotpot is a dish consisting of lamb or mutton with onions and topped with sliced potatoes. Around 46 percent of those surveyed admitted that these dishes sounds “stuffy” and “old-fashioned”, which could be one of the reasons why they have never tried them. Additionally, over a third claimed they have much more “sophisticated” tasted in food than their parents. This is due to them eating more international foods, as well as healthier foods. The research unveiled that younger Britons are more likely to be eating Asian cuisine than British, with more than 67 percent saying they “love” sushi or sashimi and 30 percent claiming they eat Japanese food “as much as possible”. It seems 18 to 29-year-olds believe traditionally British dishes are not healthy enough, with 36 percent saying they are “plain unhealthy”, 30 percent claiming they are “too high in fat”, and 40 percent branding them “too stodgy”. Furthermore, 78 percent said they find some of the names of British dishes “hilarious”, such as spotted dick and toad in the hole. Those surveyed also revealed their favourite dishes, with interesting results. Up to 37 percent said tacos were their favourite meal, 35 percent loved burritos, 35 percent favourited beef chow mein, and 34 percent preferred spicy chicken madras. Meanwhile, 27 percent said their favourite dish was paella, while 22 percent enjoyed Spanish tortilla and 21 percent loved sushi. Ian Roberts, a spokesperson for Sushi Daily, commented on the findings. He said: “Old, unhealthy, stodgy dishes are being replaced with more modern, healthier options including sushi and sashimi. “This trend is reflected in the increasing popularity of our dishes at more than 100 Waitrose and Asda stores across the UK.” Top British dishes 18 to 29-year-olds have never tried Jellied eels – 65 percent Kedgeree – 54 percent Haggis – 46 percent Steak, well done – 42 percent Welsh rarebit – 40 percent Baked Alaska – 39 percent Steak Diane – 36 percent Liver and onions – 35 percent Pie, mash and liquor – 32 percent Black pudding – 32 percent Spotted dick – 31 percent Saveloy sausage and chips – 30 percent Lancashire hot pot – 30 percent Steak and kidney pudding – 27 percent Ploughman’s lunch – 23 percent Bubble and squeak – 21 percent Bread and butter pudding – 20 percent Gammon with a pineapple ring – 20 percent Arctic roll – 20 percent Pork pie – 18 percent