The jab - called Saxenda - suppresses the appetite by mimicking a hormone called GLP1, which is released after eating a filling meal. It's injected once a day, recommended to be administered to the abdomen, the front of your thighs or your upper arm and gets to work almost immediately. Doctors say that users should lose 5% of their bodyweight over three months, if they combine the treatment with a low fat food diet and regular exercise. Doctors have called Saxenda "a game changer" but it's been slammed online. One woman posted on Facebook: "It's ridiculous. If you watch food intake and do a bit of exercise, you'll lose weight." Another user posted: "So instead of treating people with eating disorders, like anxiety and over-eating, we force them to spend money on a 'quick fix'." One man shared: "What about exercise and diet?" Another social media user wrote: "Quick fixes aren’t ideal. It’s all about having a healthy attitude towards food." Others criticised the jab's cost - a pack of three pens costs £150, while a pack of five is priced at £240. Each 3ml pre-filled injection pen lasts 17 days and a pack of three covers 4.5 weeks, Leicestershire Live reports. More than 35 million people in the UK are either overweight or obese, according to official figures. This makes Britain the "fattest" country in Europe. A recent NHS report found some 60% of adults in England are at risk of developing chronic health problems due to their weight. UK-wide NHS costs attributable to overweight and obese individuals are projected to reach £9.7 billion by 2050, according to official Government statistics. However, to get access to the weight-loss jab at the likes of Boots and Lloyds Pharmacy, people have to meet certain criteria that changes depending on the individual. In most cases you have to be 30 or above on the Body Mass Index scale and tried other methods of losing weight before being accepted for Saxenda. You can apply for an quick online consultation, where you will be asked questions just like a traditional appointment at you GP. The questionnaire asks you about your medical history and symptoms. Your answers help their experts assess your suitability for treatment.  