This Morning hosts Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary were joined by Deidre Sanders who spoke with callers who were detailing their troubled relationships with family relatives. One segment, however, triggered Alison as the caller spoke about fat-shaming and struggling to cope with their eating habits. As Deidre finished the call, Alison shared how it had affected her as she spoke about her own weight struggles, Crying, she said: “I’ve had obesity all my life. Your regulation system is out of whack. “You can’t control wanting to eat. A lot of people don’t realise obesity is a disease. “I just think people look down on people because they’re so big and they can’t help it when you have a disease. READ MORE:The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail “You can’t actually help it,” she continued as Dermot reached out to hold her hand. Alison added: “You want to eat and you want the bad things and you know you don’t look great.” When Deidre asked what advice Alison would give the caller, she replied: “She needs help. “NHS needs to see it more as a disease. People help people who are anorexic but they don’t help people who are overweight. “That’s why they turn to surgery because they don’t know what to do.” As Alison broke down in tears, she apologised: “I’m so sorry.” She was comforted by Dermot and Deidre who cut This Morning to a break as Alison took a moment to regroup. Upon returning to the show, the TV star apologised to ITV viewers for her being upset while a concerned Dermot, stood by her side. DON'T MISS...   This Morning's Alison Hammond breaks silence on scrutiny over weight [LATEST]Alison Hammond's Celebs Go Dating co-star on ‘secret to her success' [INSIGHT]Alison Hammond forced to 'sign on' after losing job [INTERVIEW]   According to the priory, in the last 30-40 years, the prevalence of eating disorders has increased to become a widespread problem across the UK and worldwide. The NHS say common types of eating disorders include anorexia, bulimia, binge eating, and avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder. Reaching out to support their host, the ITV programme took to social media to express their love for Alison.  On Twitter, they wrote: “The phone in today hit close to home for Alison. “Your vulnerability is inspiring, and you are an incredible role model. Meanwhile, the ladies on Loose Women also gushed over the presenter during their short introduction with Kaye Adams and Judi Love saying: “We love you, Alison.” This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am 