CBS's Young Sheldon is still going strong years after The Big Bang Theory inspired the spin-off. The two worlds recently collided when none other than Mayim Bialik reprised her role as a neuroscientist and Sheldon Cooper's (played by Jim Parsons) wife, Amy Fowler. As the show is a prequel, she only appeared in voice but was a welcomed addition to the show. Amy and Sheldon kept fans waiting a long time to tie the knot with their relationship hitting some speed bumps along the way. Season 11 of The Big Band Theory opened with The Proposal Proposal, where the two got engaged and started to plan their wedding with them, finally marrying in the season finale The Bow Tie Asymmetry. The latest episode of Young Sheldon marked Mayim's second voice appearance with her on-screen husband talking about relationships. On the show's official Instagram account with their 355,000 followers, the Young Sheldon crew said: "Two narrators are better than one on tonight's new #YoungSheldon — and if we're talking relationships, we have to say this is one of our favourites." Read More: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera  Jim narrates all of the episodes as he looks back on his character's early years. In the short teaser video, Sheldon said: "Today, I thought we could talk about relationships, so I've invited my lovely wife Amy to help." Amy replied: "Thanks for letting me join in." The show also shared a black and white photo of the pair on their wedding day.   Diehard fans of the original show call the pair ShAmy now that they are married, and it didn't take long for ShAmy fans to comment on the post. @ghernell25 added: "OMYGOOOODDD #ShAmy Miss you two soooo muuuchhh." (sic) "Loved hearing you 2 together again!!!," Susan Thurston chimed in. @everte_santoss still hadn't recovered from the show ending at season 12: "How I wanted a 13th season [crying emoji face]". DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Emmerdale youngster April Dingle devastated by dad Marlon's health scare? [SPOILERS]NCIS LA sparks fan frenzy as Deeks and Kensi stars confirm new roles ‘Dream duo!’[LATEST] The narrating duo quickly reminded fans why they loved them so much with their nerdy need to gain the upper hand which ended with Nobel Prize winner Amy coming out on top about a conversation over jealousy. The pair gave an insight into what their married life is now like. They discussed the element of mystery and how important it is in a relationship. Amy was quick to point out Sheldon leaving his bathroom schedule on the refrigerator meant they had "no mystery".    When Big Bang Theory ended, fans were told Amy and Sheldon had a few children. In Amy's first appearance in Young Sheldon in the season four premiere, viewers learnt their firstborn son was called Leonard Cooper – after their friend Leonard Hofstadter. Fans hope she will be back in the future, and with other The Big Bang Theory veterans popping up here and there, such as Penny Teller-Hofstadter (Kaley Cuoco) and Howard Wolowitz (Simon Helberg) also reprised their roles, there is hope for a bigger reunion yet. Young Sheldon seasons 1-3 are available on Netflix UK, with no release date for seasons 4 and 5 yet.  