Referred to as a silent condition, high blood pressure can lead to life-threatening complications, such as heart attacks and strokes. What’s worse, the condition also known as hypertension, doesn’t cause many noticeable symptoms. Fortunately, keeping an eye on the foods you eat could help keep your levels in check. While your blood pressure can rise and fall during the day, hypertension is different. The condition describes the long-term force of blood against your artery walls that is high enough to cause health problems, the Mayo Clinic explains. High blood pressure affects around one third of British adults; many might not even know they have the condition, the NHS stated. One ingredient that is well known for boosting your levels, yet consumed by millions, is salt. READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine side effects: New documents uncover a shocking 158,000 adverse events From adding flavour to your dishes to sprinkling the seasoning over a finished meal, there are the obvious ways of consuming salt. However, it might be more difficult to realise how much you eat when it comes to products you buy in the supermarket, Blood Pressure UK warns. One popular, store-bought product that packs a lot of the common ingredient is soy sauce. A staple of Asian cuisine, the fermented sauce is not only tasty paired with vegetables but also alarmingly high in sodium.  Soy sauce from supermarkets usually contains around 2.1 grams of salt in a single tablespoon. When you measure that up against your daily maximum intake, only one tablespoon would account for 35 percent. This is because the NHS reports that adults shouldn’t eat more than six grams of salt daily. What’s worse, a report from The George Institute for Global Health, VicHealth and the Heart Foundation shares that certain brands of the dark sauce can contain a shocking 61 percent of your daily salt intake. Blood Pressure UK concludes that it’s best to “avoid” soy sauce - or any salty flavouring for that matter. The reason why eating salt is the “single biggest cause” of high blood pressure is because it makes you hold onto water. When you eat too much salt, there will be extra water in your blood as well as extra pressure on your arteries, which by definition raises your blood pressure. And there’s no limit. If you already suffer from hypertension, eating too much salt will raise your levels even further.  The seasoning might even counteract with your blood pressure medication. Fortunately, cutting down on salt is “one of the simplest ways” to lower your blood pressure. Plus, the effects can become evident quite quickly - even within weeks. As for soy sauce, if you can’t imagine a stir-fry without a splash of the fermented seasoning, you could try to look for a low-salt option, the charity advises.