Marie Cavallier became Princess Marie when she married Prince Joachim of Denmark, the younger son of Queen Margarethe II. Her engagement ring has an extremely unique design. Experts at the Court Jeweller described Princess Marie’s engagement ring as “unusual”. They said: “I don’t think I’m exaggerating when I say that this is perhaps the most controversial royal engagement ring of all time, at least style-wise.” The ring itself is gold, and set with a trio of stones: a ruby, a diamond, and a sapphire. This sequence of gems mimics the national flag of France, a tricolour flag featuring three vertical bands in blue, white and red. READ MORE: Kate Middleton stuns in blue as she arrives in the Caribbean  But why did the Prince of Denmark honour France in his engagement ring to Princess Marie? Marie Cavallier was born in Paris, France. Prince Joachim is also half French, on his father’s side. The pair live in France with their children, Princess Athena of Denmark, aged 10, and Prince Henrik of Denmark, aged 12. Joachim works as Defence Attaché with an office at the Danish Embassy in France. The ring not only signified Princess Marie and Prince Joachim getting married, but Princess Marie marrying her husband’s country. Princess Marie is not the only royal woman whose engagement ring honours her country. In fact, her sister in law’s engagement ring honours Denmark. When heir to the throne Prince Frederik of Denmark proposed to Mary Donaldson, now Crown Princess Mary, he did so with a central emerald-cut diamond flanked by a pair of ruby baguettes. It mirrors the national flag of Denmark, which is red with a white Scandinavian cross, with the vertical part shifted to the hoist side. Commenting on a post by The Court Jeweller, Disqus user @Lisfyre said of Crown Princess Mary's ring: “I've always liked this ring - both in the original format and the newest configuration. I think it suits HRH CP Mary very well - active mum, style icon, Princess and future Queen. It's perfect. “It's a lot better than Princess Marie's which I think is downright ugly.” Royal style fans also took to Twitter to express their disapproval of Princess Marie’s sentimental ring. Twitter user @THERoyalCrabbit stated: “Horrors! Holy cr*p! That’s awful! How could I forget that! The poor girl!” @Hovikirjeenvaih said: “I really, really hope she likes it, or at least is able to appreciate his effort and the connection to her home country. They added: “Imagine hating it like we do and being stuck with it!” Queen Letizia of Spain’s engagement ring is like Princess Marie’s in that it doesn’t have a central stone but instead, several baguette-cut diamonds on a white gold band.