Mercury is moving into creative and emotional Pisces today and this wishful spell will last for a couple of weeks. Keen to find out more? Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 9. Mercury moves into Pisces today for the next couple of weeks, and that’s really exciting news. During this transit, our thinking processes are more visual, intuitive, and imaginative. Cafe Astrology said: “We are especially attuned to the world of emotion, which colours our thoughts and communication style. “We guess well, express ourselves with imagery, and make decisions intuitively. We are more attracted to consciousness-raising information.” READ MORE- Horoscopes: Gemini has 'useful' trait in love but must 'stop worrying' Follow your gut with Mercury in Pisces, don’t try to rationalise things. Cafe Astrology said: “This is a period for making decisions intuitively. We don’t enjoy pinning down, labelling, or strictly defining things during this transit. “We recognise that life isn’t always logical, and we prefer not to think in black and white terms. “We’re sensitive and impressionable, which means we can take in more than usual, and it can sometimes overwhelm us.” Mercury falls down the rabbit hole a little bit when entering Pisces and reporting to Jupiter and Neptune. Realism is replaced with idealism, for the next few weeks. And, the fact is replaced by fantasy. Astrology.com said: “Mercury in Pisces can have a poetic communicative style, giving its artistic tone an underlying current of emotional fluidity. “Poetry, music, storytelling, and expressing your love seemingly slips from Mercury’s lips.” DON'T MISS...Virgo faces 'constant struggle' but has one 'secret weapon' [INFORMER]Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [INSIGHT]Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] Mercury falls down the rabbit hole a little bit when entering Pisces and reporting to Jupiter and Neptune. Realism is replaced with idealism, for the next few weeks. And, the fact is replaced by fantasy. Astrology.com said: “Mercury in Pisces can have a poetic communicative style, giving its artistic tone an underlying current of emotional fluidity. “Poetry, music, storytelling, and expressing your love seemingly slips from Mercury’s lips.” Mercury in Pisces isn’t 100 percent positive. The planet can have an elusive way of thinking as mental processing becomes muddled with boundlessness. Pisces is known for being hard to pin down and too idealistic. Astrology.com added: “Daydreams may fill Mercury’s head, making it somewhat difficult for Mercury to stay on track. “Be mindful as details could become lost in a moment of confusion or disillusionment.” The Moon spends the day in Gemini, stirring our interest in the world around us and our desire to connect and communicate. Cafe Astrology said: “We are motivated by a desire for variety and by an instinctive curiosity. “The Moon in Gemini is light-hearted, breezy, and curious, but it can also be restless and fickle.” The Moon in Gemini generally favours the following activities: