Leading royal expert and commentator Robert Jobson has cast doubt on whether Prince Harry will still be invited to this summer's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Speaking to Royally Us, Mr Jobson said the Duke of Sussex's recent snub of the Prince Phillip memorial at the end of this month could have a big impact on the Jubilee plans. Last week, it was revealed the Duke of Sussex would not attend a Service of Thanksgiving for the Duke of Edinburgh on March 29 at Westminster Abbey. Mr Jobson warned that Harry faces being frozen out after the surprise decision to skip the memorial service. He said: "Philip and Harry had a great relationship. "I think it's disrespectful, personally." Presenter Christina Garibaldi pressed the royal expert on whether Harry would still show up at the Jubilee celebrations scheduled for June. JUST IN: Kate beams at heartwarming father-daughter moment on latest visit He said: "There is talk that he will do. "But one has to be invited. One has to be part of the picture. "I don't know if he has even been invited. I don't have a clue. "I'm sure they will invite him but it becomes almost embarrassing when you make all these comments about your family from the outside. "These are deeply damaging comments that have caused a lot of hurt. "It is very hard to forget about them even for one day." Major celebrations for the Queen's Jubilee year will take place across the country in June, with Britons set to honour the monarch on a special four-day bank holiday weekend. DON'T MISS: Bono and Nancy Pelosi ruthlessly mocked over Ukraine poem [VIDEO]Putin's caused China 'terrible embarrassment' as Xi regrets alliance [INTERVIEW]Royal POLL: Will you listen to Meghan Markle’s new Spotify podcast? [POLL] While a spokesman for the Duke said the 37-year-old royal plans to visit the Queen at a later date, it is not clear when that will be. Harry has not given a reason behind the decision to steer clear of the UK this month but it comes after the Duke pursued a legal challenge against the Home Office over security. The Duke had been told by the Home Office he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to foot the bill himself. While he is not travelling to the UK for the memorial, Harry still intends to make it to the Invictus Games in the Netherlands next month.