With Marcus Rashford's Manchester United future up in the air, Antonio Conte's past comments on the Red Devils speedster suggest that Tottenham could be a suitable summer destination. Spurs' north London rivals, Arsenal, have been heavily linked with Rashford which could lead to a blockbuster transfer tug-of-war at the end of the season. Reports suggesting that Rashford is considering his United future have prompted clubs around Europe to sit up and take note. Amid recent struggles for form the 24-year-old has found game time hard to come by under Ralf Rangnick, but interested parties do not need to cast their minds too far back to remember the England international at his marauding best. According to The Mirror, Arsenal are preparing to offer him an escape route from Old Trafford in a few months' time. Attacking reinforcements are inevitable at the Emirates this summer after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January departure, and with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both rapidly approaching the end of their contracts. High praise from Conte, however, points to potential for a dramatic transfer hijack. The Italian has spoken fondly of Rashford's attributes in the past and the prospect of stealing him away from a fierce rival could give Spurs even more incentive to pull the trigger on a blockbuster summer deal. JUST IN: Liverpool ace Jordan Henderson's brutal response to Harry Maguire training error Back in 2017, Conte said: "It's very difficult to find anyone like him in England. That's the one player now who has shown he is strong physically, fast technically and a good player." One year later as he was preparing for an FA Cup final against United while in charge at Chelsea, Conte sent out a public warning to his players not to be complacent if Romelu Lukaku, United's first-choice striker at the time, sat out with injury. "There are great players to replace him," he insisted, "They have a lot of important players, like Rashford." DON'T MISS: England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate4 England u21 stars who can still make World Cup after Andorra winArsenal star Smith Rowe misses England training again to create doubt Conte's evident admiration for the Red Devils outcast is not the only reason Spurs may give into temptation this summer. Alongside Harry Kane and Heung-min Son, the north London side have long been searching for a worthy third member of a formidable front three to take them up another level. January signing Dejan Kulusevski has made a tremendous start to life in white but, at his young age, the possibility of patchy form remains a possibility and Rashford will always carry an enviable direct goal threat. Cover up front is also something Spurs have lacked over the past few years. Despite featuring more prominently on the wing since his teenage years, Rashford is still capable of deputising through the middle which could become even more important if Kane eventually leaves the club in search of silverware. Conte has an excellent track record with attacking players, in particular those who have been through the ranks at Old Trafford. Lukaku and Alexis Sanchez were both crucial fixtures in his league-winning Inter Milan side after both were considered to have flopped with the Red Devils. Rashford almost linked up with the Italian earlier this season when, following Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's dismissal, Conte found himself heavily linked to the United hotseat. Weeks later, the esteemed boss ended up at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium instead. Pipping Arsenal to fourth spot will be his immediate priority as Spurs venture further into the business end of the season. However, pinching such a player off their rivals' toes could have a dramatic long-term impact if the United youth product rediscovers the explosive form that prompted Brazil legend Ronaldo to claim Rashford reminded him of... himself.