Peaky Blinders has been missing for the past three years with filming delays caused by the coronavirus pandemic. The period drama came back with a bang last weekend with the dramatic premiere episode on BBC One. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know on the guest stars showing up in season six episode two, Black Shirt. Much like fascist MP Oswald Mosley, Diana Mitford is a real-life historical figure. She was the second wife of Mosley who secretly married the MP in October 1936 in Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbel's drawing room in Berlin. Mitford is played by actress Amber Anderson who was Jane Fairfax in the 2020 adaptation of Emma, Ciara Porter in JK Rowling's drama Strike and Lady Anne in The Riot Club. She is also going to be in the upcoming film Tell That to the Winter Sea as Scarlet. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series In the first episode of Peaky Blinders season six, there was plenty of talk about Gina Gray's (played by Anya Taylor-Joy) Uncle Jack. He is said to be a businessman and politician who Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) is interested in doing deals with over importing opium. Actor James Frecheville is best known for playing the lead role of Joshua "J" Cody in the film Animal Kingdom. Some of his TV work has been in Requiem, New Girl and The Pursuit of Love. Fans were left stunned when Jewish gangster Alfie Solomons popped up in the season five finale. It was believed that Tommy had murdered him as he was shot in the face but while he sustained serious wounds, he is still very much alive. Actor Tom Hardy will be back in the second episode of Peaky Blinders but what role Alfie will play in Tommy's latest deals remains a mystery for now. Creator Steven Knight did tease that viewers can expect "chaos" from Alfie in the new series. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders season 6: Alfie's death sealed after Tommy betrayal? [SPOILERS]Peaky Blinders: Tommy Shelby's plan to destroy Michael Gray exposed? [EXPLAINER] Speaking to RadioTimes.com, Knight added: “I think it’s difficult to explain without giving stuff away, but we might find Alfie in a position not quite as strong as he normally is. "And the question is, can he build himself back up?” Besides from Peaky Blinders, Hardy is known for films Legend, Mad Max, Locke, Inception, and Venom. In terms of his TV work, he has been in Wuthering Heights, Martina Cole's The Take and Taboo on BBC One. The upcoming episode of Peaky Blinders season six is called Black Shirt. The description reads: "Tommy gets involved in a power game with fascists, freedom fighters and Boston gangsters. "As the players plan to double-cross him, Tommy visits an old ally in Camden." Peaky Blinders continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.