  Clarkson’s Farm presenter Jeremy Clarkson was inundated with praise on social media after hitting back at a question on veganism. The former Top Gear host gave a concise retort to one journalist asking about the council’s food selection.      Jeremy, 61, and his girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 48, run Diddly Squat Farm with the help of local farming expert Kaleb Cooper, 22. The show Clarkson’s Farm, which follows Jeremy and company’s progress has been a huge hit for Amazon Prime. Meanwhile, the Diddly Squat Farm Shop Instagram account has amassed its own follower base of 728,000. On the account, Lisa posted a video of boyfriend Jeremy being interviewed by one journalist who had a question about vegan food served by the council. READ MORE: Bill Bailey admits he was forced to do Strictly due to money woes     For clarity, Lisa captioned the post: “The journalist asked why the council shouldn’t be serving only vegan food.” In the video, Jeremy responds: “Why should they only be vegan?” Before adding, with a sense of irony: “Why should there be no choice?” Jeremy’s reaction was applauded by many of his followers in the comments section.      Biddy Christensen wrote: “Thank you Jeremy - choice is everything.” Samedv12 added: “Good on you, Mr. Clarkson. Farmers deserve way more respect.” Kaz Hazelton penned: “Ummmm it’s called freedom of choice! Well done Mr Clarkson. “Funny how some people have a very selfish narrow minded attitude to everything!” (sic) READ MORE... Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? [INSIGHT] Alex Scott goes underwear-free in risque gown with thigh-high split [NEWS] Hannah Waddingham puts on eye-popping display at Critics Choice Awards [NEWS]      Mjn_pt commented: “Huge kudos for being there to support the country’s farmers Jeremy.” (sic) While Rob Tuffin suggested: “I’m all for vegan options. Chips are vegan. But why should everyone have to? Bizarre.” Sean added: “Well said. EVERYONE should have a choice. “I am more than happy for vegan choices to be in restaurants and supermarkets and to give people CHOICE but I want to be free to decide what I want as well.      “It’s time vegans got off their high horses and respect how other people wish to live their lives. Jeremy Clarkson you’re the (G.O.A.T).” Last year, Jeremy was named Farming Champion of the Year by the National Farmers' Union for raising awareness on his show Clarkson’s Farm. The series turned out to be a smash hit for the motor-enthusiast, even receiving positive reviews from the likes of Environment Secretary George Eustice. The MP said: “I think that Jeremy Clarkson's programme has done a huge amount to raise the profile of agriculture and some of the challenges it faces.”   