Speaking just days after Shane Warne's death, Susanna Reid paid tribute to the cricketer on Good Morning Britain as news of his funeral were revealed. Australia has announced the late cricketer will have a state funeral, and following the update, Susanna shared her memories of Shane, who died at the age of 52 from a suspected heart attack. Susanna began: “I just want to pay tribute to Shane Warne this morning, he’s been a guest on this programme a number of times. “Obviously, an absolutely legendary cricketer, the spin king. “An enormous character and relentless drive to win whatever he was doing,” she told ITV viewers. Co-host Richard Madeley asked: “And you’ve interviewed him on the show, have you?” READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? “Yes, and he was a great friend of Piers and I know that it is an enormous shock to everybody,” Susanna responded. “But just sending love to his family and his friends this morning." The host explained: “He’s going to be honoured with a state funeral. “Australia offered the state funeral and that offer has been accepted by the family.”   Like his co-star, Richard also paid a tribute to Shane, commenting: “I was talking to a sporting hero in this country over the weekend about him and he said that possibly the best night of his life, certainly the most memorable was a night out on the town with Shane Warne. “It still illuminated in bright lights in his memory.” Susanna said: “He knew how to live his life to the absolute full, and died tragically young, of course, on Friday at the age of just 52. “I’m so sorry to everyone who is devastated by that.” DON'T MISS...Shane Warne's children left 'shattered' after dad's unexpected death [LATEST]Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan applauds controversial Shane Warne tribute [UPDATE] Shane died of a suspected heart attack on Friday while on holiday in Koh Samui, Thailand. Daniel Andrews, the premier of the Australian state of Victoria, said: "Shane Warne didn't just inspire a cricket generation - he defined it.” His management released a statement saying: “It is with great sadness we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand today, Friday 4 March. “Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived.  The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course.” Warne took 708 Test wickets during a legendary career which means he’s second in the all-time wickets list. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6am