Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp expects Manchester City to maintain a tense title race by beating Crystal Palace on Monday. The Reds continued to apply pressure on the Premier League leaders by defeating Brighton 2-0 on Saturday afternoon.   Luis Diaz’s second goal since joining Liverpool in January and a Mohamed Salah penalty helped Klopp’s side overcome the Seagulls. Liverpool are now three points behind City at the top of the division. Both teams meet in a crunch clash in April in a game that could decide the title. City can increase their lead by beating Palace on Monday, although Liverpool will have a game in hand.   JUST IN: Salah risks Liverpool fan fury as stance on joining rivals emerges Klopp expects Pep Guardiola’s side to win at Selhurst Park, despite one of their three losses coming against the Eagles earlier in the season. “No, no, no, we don't avoid calling it [a title race], it's not our job to call it like that. It's always the same,” Klopp told BT Sport. “City plays Monday and you expect them to win games. “As long as we are behind them we do not feel the title race, the only thing we really feel is we want to win football games, as many as possible, and I can see that in the boys' faces and their body language, they're ready for that.    “This race doesn't have a name for us, we just want to win as many games as possible.” The impressive Diaz was the victim of a poor challenge from the onrushing Brighton goalkeeper Robert Sanchez has he guided Joel Matip’s pass into the net. The Colombian received treatment but played the remainder of the game. However, Klopp is sweating on the fitness of fellow goalscorer Salah ahead of Wednesday’s clash with Arsenal.   DON'T MISS...Lukaku 'makes decision' on Chelsea exit as stars plot Blues escapeMan Utd team news leaks for crunch Tottenham clashArsenal boss Mikel Arteta has dropped hint he may not sign new striker The forward limped straight down the tunnel after being substituted late on. "You can see when Mo Salah is sitting down something is not 100 per cent right,” Klopp added. "I think it was the situation before when he hit the ball and got blocked. "I think the foot got slightly overstretched. We have to see."   