British boxing star Amir Khan ‘could have a comeback fight’ before he takes on rival Kell Brook in a rematch, according to promoter Ben Shalom. After years of verbal blows, Khan and Brook finally battled it out in the ring in Manchester last month. Khan however was pushed aside by his opponent, as Brook was the man to take the victory thanks to a sixth round technical knockout. Following defeat though, rumours grew that the Bolton fighter would attempt to pursue a release clause to avenge his loss. However Boxxer promoter Shalom has revealed Khan could in fact fight a different opponent before facing off with his arch rival for a second time. He told SecondsOut: I’ve told him that I don’t think that fight [against Brook should happen], particularly next. “I think Amir still hopes that maybe he’ll have a fight back, maybe not against Kell Brook. Show that perhaps that wasn’t what people thought it was then maybe the fight is back on after that. JUST IN: Anthony Joshua to rematch Oleksandr Usyk this summer as champion leaves Ukraine for camp  “I think that is maybe what Amir is committed to now. If he really wants to come back and he really believes that he isn’t finished like what perhaps a lot of people are saying… If he wants to prove that he’s ready to fight and it’s not just for the money and it is for legacy and he doesn’t want to go out like that he needs to fight someone else… I do expect him to have one more fight and see how that goes.” With Shalom not expecting Khan to face off with Brook for a second time any time soon, he has tipped the latter to take on Chris Eubank Jr in his next fight, for another eagerly-anticipated all British bout. Speaking about its potential he said: “I think there is no denying Chris wants the Kell Brook fight. “I think Kell will take the Chris fight if the terms are right, and if the weight is right. So we have started positive conversations with Kell and we are working towards that. We think that will happen. DON'T MISSOleksandr Usyk 'given blessing to leave Ukraine' for Anthony Joshua rematchTyson Fury to retire after Dillian Whyte fight ending Anthony Joshua hopesTyson Fury mocks Dillian Whyte 'mind games' as Gypsy King reacts to rival signing contract Despite the promising start to plan the bout, Shalom went on to add that the fight’s organisation will depend on the uncertainty of Anthony Joshua’s fight with Oleksandr Usyk. The promoter continued: “The problem with us at the moment is Usyk-Joshua. “We are sort of having to work our schedule around that. We have big fights that we want to announce but we need to make sure we don’t clash… with that date, and that is the bit of the delay on the May June schedule at the moment.” 