As the patron of the British Paralympic Association, Prince Edward today released a video with his wife, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, wishing a Paralympic skier “the best of luck” ahead of this year’s Games. The royal couple spoke to Menna Fitzpatrick, Britain’s most decorated Winter Paralympian. In the video, Sophie Wessex is seen wearing a wine red top with a thin slit at its centre, just beneath its neckline. Sophie is a fan of burgundy and has worn garments in the hue in the past – most notably at the Christmas carol service in Westminster Abbey last Christmas. For the occasion, Sophie opted for a maroon cotton-velvet trench coat by Victoria Beckham. Costing £525, the coat had a subtle collar and black buttons lined its front. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how But, what was most interesting about Sophie’s look on video today was her jewellery. The royal wore a long gold chain featuring a circular pendant. She matched this with a pair of earrings she has worn on multiple occasions in the past. The earrings are a statement pair, round in shape and both blue and gold in colour. DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer: Questions to ask when moving or extending [EXPERT]Monty Don shares the ‘one rule’ to follow when pruning the garden [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT] The earrings cost only £175 – cheap compared to others from the same designer. They are disc earrings from one of Sophie’s favourite independent designers, Lucia Odescalchi. This is a jewellery brand born and based in Rome, offering “contemporary, architecturally inspired” pieces. Sophie’s earrings are the Chainging Berlin Earrings, which feature small diamond-like gems in the earrings’ centres, surrounded by gold. One of the last occasions Sophie donned the earrings was in May 2020, when she matched them with a royal blue dress to announce the opening of the NHS Nightingale Hospital North East in Sunderland. Although it was via video call, it was clear to see Sophie’s gold and blue disc earrings, which made her blue eyes stand out. In today’s video, Sophie wore natural-looking make-up, including a flick of black eyeliner, a swish of mascara, and a slick of nude lipgloss. Her blonde locks fell in natural waves past her shoulders. Royal fans were quick to express their opinions on the Wessexes on social media, as well as offer their support to Menna. Twitter user Els Barneveld wrote: “Great team, The Wessex.” Umaimah Majaz said: “How incredible!” Majakathata Pheko commented: “Thank you for the support to the Olympians Earl and Countess of Wessex.”