The Duke and Duchess will set off on their official tour of the Caribbean next week. The trip - the first for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge abroad since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic - will form part of the celebrations for seven decades of Queen Elizabeth II’s reign. The future king, 39, and his wife will make stops in Jamaica, Belize and the Bahamas as they retrace a number of the footsteps made by Prince William’s grandparents 60 years earlier. The Queen, now 95, and her late husband Prince Philip, made the journey to the Caribbean just six months after Her Majesty’s coronation. Greeting local residents from the back of a Jeep, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will travel in the same vehicle to a raft of royal visits to military facilities, hospitals and sports venues. A source told the Telegraph that the Duke and Duchess, 40, will “listen and learn about the issues that are really important” to the people of each island nation”, and are “really excited to be following in the footsteps of the Queen”. The insider added that the couple is sure to be in “celebration mode” for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, with Queen Elizabeth II becoming the first British monarch to ever reach such a milestone. The Duke and Duchess will champion causes they have long backed, including early-years education and the environment. The tour, beginning on March 19, will see the Duke and Duchess enjoy seven days of royal engagements in the Caribbean. They are also likely to hear tales of the Queen accepting a stew containing rats, or gibnuts, during a dinner in Belize in 1985. READ MORE: Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown The Queen made the journey to the nation again in 1994, and visited neighbouring Jamaica half a dozen times prior to her Golden Jubilee in 2002. With Prince William expected to address crowds in each nation the Duke and Duchess visit, there will be attention on how he formulates the UK’s future relationship with Caribbean Commonwealth nations. In November 2021, Barbados officially removed the Queen as head of state and became a republic, swearing in its first president in a ceremony in Bridgetown. Jamaica, which the Duke and Duchess will visit, is widely touted as the nation most likely to follow Barbados’ example. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Prince Harry 'raises eyebrows' with latest move [LIVE] Queen urged to remove Prince Harry and Prince Andrew as counsellors [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry could be sidelined as Charles plots move [ANALYSIS] The Prince of Wales attended the event in the Barbadian capital, describing how “the creation of this republic offers a new beginning”. He said: "From the darkest days of our past, and the appalling atrocity of slavery, which forever stains our histories, the people of this island forged their path with extraordinary fortitude. "Emancipation, self-government and independence were your way-points. “Freedom, justice and self-determination have been your guides." Prince Charles added: "The creation of this republic offers a new beginning, but it also marks a point on a continuum - a milestone on the long road you have not only travelled but which you have built." He emphasised the importance of a continued relationship between Barbados and the UK, as the new republic’s “constitutional status changes”. He continued on to reiterate “the close and trusted partnership between Barbados and the United Kingdom as vital members of the Commonwealth”. This comes ahead of the celebration of Commonwealth Day on Monday, which will be led by the Prince of Wales in the Queen’s absence. Commonwealth nations that become a republic, and remove the Queen as head of state, remain within this political union.