World No 2 Daniil Medvedev has received the backing from an 18-time Grand Slam tennis champion following recent calls for all Russian players to be banned from competitive competition. This comes following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, leading to a number of sporting governing bodies banning Russian competitors and teams. These include the likes of football and Formula 1, with FIFA and UEFA banning all Russian teams from competition, whilst the FIA scrapped the Russian Grand Prix from the F1 schedule. Tennis however has seemingly remained neutral, with no banning orders placed on players descending from the Eastern European nation. However, they must all compete under a neutral flag for the time being. The lack of action from the ATP and WTA has led to many within the sport calling for a blanket ban on Russians, which would of course directly affect world No 2 Medvedev. Despite the criticism though, the 26-year-old has received some support from 18-time Grand Slam winner Chris Evert. Evert told Eurosport: “I don't think they should be banned from tennis because of politics.I don't think that they should be punished or reprimanded for what the leader of their country is doing. This is where I think there is a division between sports and politics.” JUST IN: Novak Djokovic 'to team up with Serena Williams' as Serbian media share new coach plans Medvedev has previously called for ‘peace in all countries’ following Russia’s attack, and hopes that if a ban were to be put in place that it would only be a temporary one. The 26-year-old is continuing to compete, and will take on Andy Murray on Saturday afternoon at the Miami Open. In the midst of the controversy surrounding his nation, Evert has offered her sympathies to Medvedev. She commented: “He's Russian and we don't know how the players are affected, who live in Russia, or who live in Belarus…” “We don't know, we can't begin to understand how it's affecting them with their families in those countries directly or indirectly in harm's way. It's just tough to judge how these players are playing right now with just the circumstances going on in their home countries.” DON'T MISSNadal's 'plans' before French Open teased after Spaniard's injury blowKyrgios fires threat to Rublev with Aussie 'underdog' at Miami OpenMurray hits out at the Conservative government with spicy comment The 18-time Grand Slam champion also offered comfort to Ukrainian star Elina Svitolina, with the invasion on her home no doubt having a huge effect. Evert continued: “[Elina] Svitolina might be affected. “You just don't know these players, you don’t know what they're thinking and how they're being affected. So I think we have to be compassionate with them right now while they go through this.”