Michael Bublé, 46, has spoken out about having to cancel shows as an international artist due to personal reasons. He defended Adele, 33, after the Easy On Me singer angered fans as she cancelled a series of gigs at Caesars Palace Colosseum just hours before her first show was supposed to begin in January. The Canadian singer is set to kick off his own UK tour, An Evening With Michael Bublé, on July 2. But before making his way across the pond he will fly to Las Vegas for a six-night residency at Resorts World Theatre. Michael expressed his happiness over having six concerts over two weekends. He also said he sympathised with Adele as well as ticket-holders after she had to tell fans she could no longer play the gigs they had travelled to Las Vegas for. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty addresses BBC Breakfast absence as she slams backlash Michael also called on members of the public to be “a little more empathetic” after the coronavirus pandemic, as he branded Adele “the biggest star in the world”. Michael said: “I really felt for Adele cancelling her shows. “I also felt absolutely sick for the poor folks who had flown out too — that’s rough. “I’m not sure what happened with Adele but after the pandemic we have to be a little more empathetic to each other, whoever they are. “I imagine there’s a lot of pressure on Adele, she’s the biggest star in the world — I’d like to be able to sing like Adele,” he told The Sun. In January, fans saw Adele break down in tears after she announced the cancellation of some of her shows, explaining that "half the team" had been struck down with Covid. She explained that the circumstances meant she had been left with little time to prepare her performance. Speaking on an Instagram post, Adele admitted: “I'm so sorry but my show ain't ready. DON'T MISS...Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [UPDATE]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss [LATEST]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [INSIGHT] "We've tried absolutely everything that we can to pull it together in time. "We've been absolutely destroyed by delivery delays and Covid. “Half my team are down with Covid, they still are. It's been impossible to finish the show.” The Grammy Award-winning singer highlighted that she and her team had been working to find a solution but there had been no choice but to reschedule the dates. "We've tried absolutely everything that we can to pull it together in time. "We've been absolutely destroyed by delivery delays and Covid. “Half my team are down with Covid, they still are. It's been impossible to finish the show.” The Grammy Award-winning singer highlighted that she and her team had been working to find a solution but there had been no choice but to reschedule the dates. She continued: “I can't give you what I have right now and I'm gutted. I'm sorry it's so last minute. "We've been awake for over 30 hours now trying to figure it out and we've run out of time. I'm so upset and I'm really embarrassed and I'm so sorry to everyone that's travelled again. "I'm really, really sorry. We're on it, we're gonna reschedule all of the dates. "I'm gonna finish my show and I'm gonna get it to where it's supposed to be for you."