Liverpool icon Graeme Souness has agreed with Reds star Andy Robertson as they teased Trent Alexander-Arnold. The right-back played the pass into Sadio Mane that the attacker tapped in to seal his side’s win over West Ham. It means he has already equalled his highest assist count for a season, making 16 so far this campaign. But not every one believes that Alexander-Arnold’s latest assist was actually being aimed at Mane. The Englishman picked up the ball on the right of the box and put a pass right across the six-yard box for the attacker to tap in. Robertson though teased his fellow full-back that his pass was actually meant to be a shot on West Ham’s goal. The right-back appeared to agree with Scotland’s captain, admitting that he dragged the ball to Mane. JUST IN: Jude Bellingham risks missing out on Man Utd or Liverpool transfer “That one was a miss-hit shot weren’t it?” Robertson joked during the duo’s post-match interview with Sky Sports. While agreeing with his team-mate, Alexander-Arnold insisted that he was happy to be able to contribute to the team. “They all count, they all count. Like Robbo said, I have dragged it but I try and contribute as much as I can for the team,” he said. “I think we both do. We pride ourselves on that. We want to help win games. DON'T MISS: Liverpool boss Klopp may have said who he wants to sign if stars exit (INSIGHT)Liverpool have £50m transfer problem as Jurgen Klopp begins planning (TRANSFERS)Barnes claims Man Utd star Rashford would 'fit in' at Liverpool (NEWS) “Kinda changing the game from full-back perspective and going and winning games for the team so happy to be able to contribute.” Robertson was not the only one to question Alexander-Arnold’s intentions when it came to his pass to Mane. Reds legend Souness agreed with the left-back and stated his belief that Alexander-Arnold had not even seen Mane when he was hitting the ball. "The technique would suggest he’s going for goal. He’s such a wonderful striker of the ball,” Souness told Sky Sports. “But I think his technique is slightly out and he ends up punching it into the ground. I think he was aiming for that side netting.” Despite a lacklustre second-half performance, Mane’s goal was enough for Liverpool to claim all three points against the Hammers. Alexander-Arnold contributed at the other end as well as claiming an assist, clearing Pablo Fornals’ chip off the lines in the first-half. The win means that Liverpool have close the gap on Premier League leaders Manchester City to three points once again.