Manchester United have already "missed the boat" on their ideal next manager appointment, according to former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy. United are still on the lookout for a new permanent boss following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer last November. Ralf Rangnick is currently in interim charge but will leave that position to take up a consultancy role at the end of the season. Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag are two of the favourites to become the next United boss. Carlo Ancelotti has also emerged as a potential short-term appointment for the Red Devils. United's new chief executive Richard Arnold is in charge of bringing in a new full-time boss. But Murphy reckons the Old Trafford club have already missed out on the perfect candidate. TOP STORY: Man Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood  The pundit reckons Antonio Conte, who was appointed Tottenham boss last November, would have been the right man to turn things around at United. Murphy said on talkSPORT: “This is a [United] group that needs some guidance, coaching, stability, some tactical nous, and at the moment they are all over the place. “There has been a lot of question marks over Antonio Conte at Tottenham for various reasons, but that was the type [United] needed. “That was the one, they missed the boat with him.” DON'T MISSMan Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]Arsenal star labelled 'the signing of the season' as Edu's transfer gamble pays off [QUOTES]Barcelona boss Xavi's game-changing XI next season with three free transfers [OPINION]  Conte's future at Spurs is uncertain but his contract is currently set to run until the end of next season. Meanwhile, Murphy does not think fellow Italian Ancelotti is the right profile for United. "I don't think so," Murphy continued. “I have the utmost respect for him [Ancelotti], the jobs he has done over the years, and he is supposed to be a terrific fella.  “He has not stayed in any job longer than two seasons, other than AC Milan, the club he loved, that was many years ago where he spent eight in total. “But, he was at Chelsea for a couple of seasons, Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid for a couple, Bayern Munich for a year, at Everton for eight months, maybe less, and now he’s back at Madrid. “I think United have to look at something more stable, more long term. I know that is the opposite of how Chelsea get success, but we are talking about Manchester United, a different model. “I also think Ancelotti’s managerial style is one where he has gone into many clubs that have already got success, superstars, players on top of their game, and just keeps that going – Everton was obviously different."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here