 The Highway Code outlines the rules of the road and saw a major update in January, which prompted motoring organisations to urge drivers to familiarise themselves with the Code once again. Rule 110 and 111 outline the general rules which apply to drivers when they and other motorists use their headlights.  It states: “Only flash your headlights to let other road users know that you are there. “Do not flash your headlights to convey any other message or intimidate other road users. “Never assume that flashing headlights is a signal inviting you to proceed. “Use your own judgement and proceed carefully.” READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’  Despite this, drivers can be fined for using their headlights in a different way. Section 89 of the Police Act 1997 says that motorists could face a £1,000 fine or be taken to court if they are found obstructing police from their duty. It reads: "Any person who resists or wilfully obstructs a constable in the execution of his duty, or a person assisting a constable in the execution of his duty, shall be guilty of an offence and liable on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one month or to a fine not exceeding level three on the standard scale, or to both." Police have previously pulled drivers over for flashing other motorists, according to Birmingham Live. DON'T MISSHow motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water [INSIGHT]National speed limits to be slashed to just 20mph - 'necessary' [SHOCKING]Drivers demand VAT cut as petrol and diesel prices smash records [WARNING]  In 2019, a driver who flashed his lights at a police car ended up getting himself arrested when officers discovered he was on drugs. The motorist was trying to warn the vehicle approaching him that there was a speed camera up ahead. The driver did not realise that he was inadvertently warning traffic officers about one of their own GoSafe mobile speed vans. The officers reportedly pulled him over to give him some "friendly words of advice" but ended up arresting him after discovering he was on drugs.  Recent data from the RAC has found that nine in 10 drivers think some or most headlights on the UK’s roads are too bright. An overwhelming majority of survey respondents said they get dazzled by them when driving. The problem of glare from headlights appears to be getting worse with 63 percent of drivers who get dazzled saying it’s happening more often than a year or two ago, with one-in-four claiming they’re now dazzled a lot more regularly. The brightness of some car headlights even appears to be putting motorists off driving at night.  Shockingly, one in 10 drivers said it took upwards of six seconds to be able to see clearly again after being dazzled by lights. Around 65 percent said it took them between one and five seconds. Rod Dennis, RAC spokesperson, said: “There are a number of factors that contribute to whether a headlight dazzles another driver or not, the most important being the angle of the headlights as you look at them. “If they’re not angled properly – or the driver in the oncoming car has forgotten to dip their headlights – there’s every chance you’re going to get blinded. “Modern LED headlight technology may also have a part to play as the human eye reacts to the so-called ‘blue light’ from LEDs differently to the ‘yellow light’ of conventional halogen headlights.”