The symptoms included red eyes, constant, painful tearing and skin peeling on the face and hands, according to the sources. They added at least two senior members of the Ukrainian negotiation team suffered these symptoms alongside Mr Abramovich. These included Ukrainian MP Rustem Umerov. Their lives are not in danger. Mr Lee added that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, who has met with Mr Abramovich, was not affected. It has not been confirmed who – if reports of poisoning are correct – is behind the act. READ MORE: Putin admits West’s attempt to isolate Russia ‘partially effective’ Netherlands-based investigative group Bellingcat “confirmed reports” and said the symptoms were suffered following Russia-Ukraine peace talks on the night of March 3-4. It wrote in a post on Twitter the three involved suffered “initial symptoms” upon arriving to an apartment directly after talks. These “did not abate until the morning”, it said. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] “Based on remote and on-site examinations, the experts concluded that the symptoms are most likely the result of international poisoning with an undefined chemical weapon.” After being hit by sanctions from the West, Mr Abramovich has been acting as a go-between between Mr Zelensky and Vladimir Putin. Last Wednesday, he handed a handwritten note from the Ukrainian President to Putin, outlining the terms Ukraine would consider agreeing to to end the war, according to the Times. Putin, the paper added, initially responded: “Tell him I will thrash them.” Despite this response, some progress is understood to be being made in ongoing talks. If operatives connected to Putin have indeed tried to poison Mr Abramovich, it would be the latest poisoning attack to be linked to his regime, following the attack on democracy campaigner Alexander Navalny in 2020, and the Novichok attack in Salisbury, which resulted in the death of Dawn Sturgess in 2018. More than a month after Putin ordered a full-scale invasion on February 24, Mr Zelensky appeared to offer an olive branch in an interview with independent Russian journalists in which he said he might now be ready for concessions to prevent further bloodshed. This would include never becoming a nuclear state, staying ‘neutral’ and not joining either the EU or NATO. He said: “Security guarantees and neutrality, a non-nuclear status of our state. We are ready to go for it.” Nevertheless, President Zelensky stressed that his priorities would still be sovereignty and territorial integrity at the next round of negotiations with Russia.