The Bargain Hunt teams are back on BBC One with Eric Knowles hosting from Epsom Downs Racecourse. Experts Caroline Hawley and Ochuko Ojiri will be on hand to offer their guidance. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Ojiri, including his age. Bargain Hunt is known and loved for its plethora of insightful experts and hosts. Ochuko Ojiri has also made appearances on Antiques Road Trip and Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is. One of his favourite things about life on the road is the adventures with endless possibilities. He joked: "No other industry would accept my rare mixture of sarcasm, cynicism and passion." READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Caroline Hawley opens up on guilty pleasure His exact age is not known but in an interview, he did say he had grown up in the 70s and 80s. Opening up about his fashion favourites, he told Style Savage: "For as long as I can remember, I have worn a hat every day. "I think it goes back to growing up in the 70s and 80s and seeing these old black guys in their hats, accessorizing those sharp suits." Sticking to trends, he said his alternate career would have been forecasting them. He said: "You’re literally looking into the future deciding what you’ll eat before you’re even hungry. Mind blowing." The star recalled some of his favourite finds from over the years, and there are many. He added: " I remember buying a box of tiny Victorian china dolls. Creepy and beautiful. "Not to everyone’s taste, but I did very well with them. "I did very well with a flamingo pink 1950’s petrol can and very poorly with an opera hat which folds down so the people behind you can see the action. "Turns out people don’t wear top hats to the opera anymore…who knew!" DON'T MISS... Bargain Hunt: When did expert Mark Stacey join Bargain Hunt? [INSIGHT] Where does Bargain Hunt presenter Natasha Raskin Sharp live now? [EXPLAINER] When did Bargain Hunt's Christina Trevanion lose business partner? [INSIGHT] The expert takes pride in his own collections of contemporary art and sculptures. On why Bargain Hunt has such an appeal, he said: "Who doesn’t like a bargain? I certainly do. "I also love the passion of the contestants and their many likes and dislikes." In his spare time, he enjoys visiting Italian markets for designer vintage clothes. His other hot spots are Spitalfields, Kempton and Ardingly. Explaining how he got into the industry, he told Morning Live: "Really through clothes, I love clothes. "And in my early days vintage clothes, retro clothes. I love a hat." Following the interview, he said on Twitter: "This was so much fun! "Thanks for making my first taste of live TV not as scary as it sounded in my head."  Bargain Hunt airs on weekdays on BBC One at 12.15pm