Manchester United are reportedly on the verge of hiring Erik ten Hag as their next manager. The Ajax boss is currently leading the charge to take over at Old Trafford despite the club also having interest in Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique. And it’s been claimed Robin van Persie may become his assistant in the case of any appointment. Manchester United are on the lookout for a new manager. And it emerged late on Tuesday evening that they’d held talks with Ten Hag, whose Ajax future is currently up in the air as the Red Devils circle. Since then, Stretty News have claimed United want to bring in a former player to assist their new boss with a deal for Ten Hag ’on the verge of being confirmed’. Rio Ferdinand is one name in the frame, though members of the club’s hierarchy are said to have doubts over his suitability for the role. And Van Persie is another. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The retired striker previously spent three years at the club, winning the Premier League title in 2013 while playing a starring role. He played under Sir Alex Ferguson, David Moyes and Louis van Gaal before being sold to Fenerbahce in 2015. And Van Persie has shown he’s got a ruthless side in the past when he criticised Ole Gunnar Solskjaer for smiling too much after a defeat. Van Persie brutally said after a 2-0 defeat on New Year’s Day in 2020: “When I listen to Ole, he sounds like a really nice guy. “I would like to see him a bit more mean at times, just be angry. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message "I see him smiling now after a game like that. This is not the moment to smile.” And that forced Solskjaer into snapping back, with the Norwegian saying: “I don’t know Robin and Robin doesn’t know me. “He probably doesn’t have a right to criticise my management style and I won’t change. That’s definite. “Yeah Robin, he took my No 20, and that’s probably all he’s going to take from me as well.” He added: “I’m not in medieval times!” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Van Persie could bring that ruthless streak with him to United if he becomes Ten Hag’s assistant. And that’s something the players need given their dire form across all competitions under both Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick this term. Meanwhile, earlier this month, former United star Louis Saha endorsed the potential appointment of Zinedine Zidane despite the club looking beyond the Frenchman. "I like the idea of Zidane as he'll get the respect from the players,” he said. "But the Premier League is so difficult I'd expect even him to struggle at first. "Erik ten Hag has benefited from working at a well-run club in Ajax with a very clear structure. "He's got quality, he's got people around him, the Dutch are very knowledgeable in football but I'm sorry, United are a different animal to Ajax. "Ajax is a trampoline for big clubs, they are respected in world football, but they are not in that elite group. "They aren't Milan, they aren't Real Madrid, so most of the players won't know about him. They'll have heard of his name but that's about it. "Managing United is a different beast, we have seen some big names come in and get chewed out.”