The Three Drinkers in Ireland is the second series featuring our favourite drinks professionals, Helena Nicklin and Aidy Smith. Joined by a third drinker each episode, the adventurous pair set out to discover the hidden highlights of the Emerald Isle and enjoy a few fantastic drinks along the way. But after exploring everything Scotland has to offer, how did the drinkers decide on Ireland? Aidy told Express.co.uk: “We like to go to countries that may have certain stigmas against them like the food isn’t that great or all the drinks are the same and we like to go and debunk those stigmas. “And then we’ve all been in the midst of Covid and many people don’t feel comfortable travelling further afield in case something goes wrong. “It was great to find somewhere on our doorstep that was really easy to get to with just one flight or one ferry.” READ MORE: Chaos ensues for tourists at Tenerife South airport While The Three Drinkers is about drinking at its heart, the programme also showcases some incredible Irish cuisine. Aidy said: “I think where I was really surprised was on the food side. I’ve never had the chance to really sit down and eat loads and loads of Irish food. “Before going over I kind of had an open mind as to what it was but wasn’t too sure. “There were two restaurants that just blew my mind completely. One was a Michelin starred Irish sushi restaurant that creates sushi from Irish flavours and ingredients.” It wouldn’t be The Three Drinkers without a few quirky experiences and the new series doesn’t disappoint. From a wild eel fishing adventure to oyster mussel farming, Helena and Aidy aren’t afraid to get their hands dirty. Aidy told Express.co.uk: “In one episode we got one of our distillery partners to bring two massive casks to this beautiful waterfall. “They filled them up with hot water and put seaweed in and then we climbed in the casks right there in the middle of nowhere.” Irish seaweed has incredible health benefits although viewers will need to watch the series to meet the unexpected guests Aidy found in his cask. Most viewers might think of Guinness when they think of Irish alcohol but Aidy and Heland are keen to show that it’s so much more than that. Aidy told Express.co.uk: “We talk about vodka, we talk about gin, we talk about the different types of beer, we talk about cider.” The pair also sample poitín, a traditional homebrewed spirit, once illegal, that predates whiskey in Ireland. But Guinness fans need not worry. Aidy said:”I think we had a pint of Guinness or a half pint of Guinness nearly every night! “You can’t beat a fresh pint of Guinness in Ireland straight from draft.”  Looking to enjoy the series with a St Patrick’s day tipple? Aidy shared his Irish Whiskey Sour recipe, perfect for celebrating St Paddys. He told Express.co.uk: “I make it with Irish whiskey, some lemon juice and then I use a bit of egg white in there because that gives a wonderful kind of creamy texture on top of the cocktail. “But if someone is vegan then they can use chickpea juice as a substitute for that.And I use maple syrup and then a little bit of nutmeg on top. I always find that’s a nice treat to have at the end of the day.” But with so many incredible drinks to try, how do the Three Drinkers decide who’s going to drive each day? Aidy said: “Within each day in the series, one of us will be the designated driver to kind of make it there. “Otherwise I’ll get stuck with it the whole time. And that’s not happening.” The Three Drinkers in Ireland is on Amazon Prime from March 17.