With the new season approaching, all the talk in the world of F1 is surrounding the pace of the cars going into Bahrain this weekend. The new regulations mean some teams could shoot up the grid, while others lose pace. AlphaTauri's Pierre Gasly believes the dominant Mercedes team may have taken a step back this year. He said this week: “I was kind of surprised to battle with Lewis [Hamilton]. “I think the conclusion is Mercedes probably doesn’t look as good as they were in the past.” Gasly has emerged as one of the most consistent performers in F1 since leaving Red Bull in 2019. However, his AlphaTauri teammate Yuki Tsunoda struggled for consistency in his debut season last year. In Netflix's 'Drive to Survive' series, various figures discussed Tsunoda's lack of discipline on track. Gasly said: "Yuki makes a bit too many mistakes. Just like, pushing really hard all of the time, and I guess he is just trying to find the right balance. "He's expensive as well because he has shunted a couple of cars already." During a qualifying session at the French Grand Prix, AlphaTauri team principal Franz Tost can be heard in the show ranting about Tsunoda. He said: "You can't brake so much like that, he is on the limit here. He lost it once more. He must be concentrated. We must work on this." Tost later told Netflix: "I call it crash period. He overdrove the car and he crashed heavily in qualifying. "This is what I said to him: 'Yuki, be careful. You are on the limit. You can't drive much faster.' "For sure he thought 'this idiot, I will show him how good I am really'. And then he crashed " Tsunoda managed to end the 2021 season on a high, securing an impressive fourth place finish in Abu Dhabi. READ MORE: Christian Horner given food for thought over Max Verstappen partner The 'Drive to Survive' series also focused on Tsunoda's off-track lifestyle. Tsunoda was inspired by 66-year-old AlphaTauri Formula One team boss Tost's fitness regime to abandon his Uber Eats and video game lifestyle for a healthier routine. The Japanese driver jokingly told website The Race this week that Tost was in much better shape than him. He said: "Because you guys don't know how fit Franz is. "He's running like 10km from 5.30am, which I've never done in my life. "Also, last year especially, the beginning or the first half of the season I was taking pretty much everyday Uber Eats breakfast, lunch, dinner, and one hand on the game control and one hand just food." DON'T MISS Max Verstappen may get new team-mate - 'There could be an an option' [INSIGHT] Helmut Marko makes Max Verstappen Red Bull demand because of Gasly [ANALYSIS] Pierre Gasly reveals visibility issue for drivers in 2022 F1 cars [INSIGHT] Tsunoda, who relocated to Italy from England to be closer to the team's Faenza base, said he had trained harder over the off season and could feel the difference. He added: "If a 60-year-old man can do it, I think I should do, especially [as] I'm an athlete." Tost said Tsunoda, like any other rookie, had simply been caught out by the physical demands of Formula 1. He said: "Every driver feels then he is not fit enough. "Of course, he had to do a lot of training during last year already and during the winter months. "I think he caught up.”