Scorpions are, without question, one of the most iconic bands still going today. They released their first album, Lonesome Crow, 50 years ago in 1972, but had been a band for almost a decade at that point. They first formed in Germany in 1965 and took on the likes of The Beatles and Elvis Presley with their own brand of rock. This month the band released their latest album, Rock Believer, and while some other prolific artists seem to have lost steam, the band's singer, Klaus Meine seems more fired up to create gripping music than ever. Klaus wasn't sheepish about talking about the laboured production of Rock Believer, however. Of course, the COVID-19 pandemic affected the band's writing and recording sessions massively. But the real turning point came when they decided to part ways with Los Angeles-based producer Greg Fidelman. Klaus explained: "At the end of the day, we either had to wait until the travel restrictions were lifted, or keep going ourselves [in Germany] - so that's what we did." Greg, who has worked with the likes of Metallica and Slipknot, would have certainly created a unique sound for Scorpions, but Klaus shrugged and confessed the band felt "good enough" to keep going alone. After all, they've been making music for 50 years, they're more than qualified. Still, it seems as if there was no love lost between them. In fact, the amicable split gave Scorpions a chance to create their "purest" record yet, Klaus explained. Klaus said: "We didn't want to lose the momentum, and it was a good thing to put all the faith and trust in our own team and our own people. And that made the album even stronger. It's pure Scorpions, without any producer coming from the outside. We stayed very much focussed on making it a Scorpions record, and the best way our fans would expect." He added: "We tried to reactivate the Scorpions DNA from the '80s - whatever that is!" But, to take a step back: Scorpions were now writing, recording and producing Rock Believer alone. And to top it off, they were in the middle of a global pandemic. Still, Klaus smiled: "I think the pressure was much stronger in the early days! We didn't make this album because of the pandemic - it was planned to start recording before the last tour." He nodded, reiterating: "The pressure was so much higher in the early days. Now, we feel we don't have anything to prove, [except] to ourselves. If we make a decision to make a new album, then you better make it right!" In a way, the recording process for Scorpions' Rock Believer sounded a little therapeutic for the band. Zen Klaus added: "It was a blessing in these challenging times to leave the pandemic at the door, close the door of our studio. We went inside our own bubble and yeah, new music!" Of course, the pandemic is not the first time the band have battled with the forces of nature to get a record out. Namely, the 1990s' tidal wave of grunge that threatened to take rock off the top shelf for good. At the time, Klaus explained, the band were being pressured into writing more "theatrical" music to combat the likes of Cobain, et al. He recalled: "We when recorded [Scorpions' 12th album] Face the Heat we went to Vancouver to work with Bruce Fairbairn." Fairbairn had huge success at the time working with some rock and roll bands including Aerosmith, Bon Jovi and ACDC. Because of this, he was trying to make Klaus become more glam rock than hard rock. Klaus said: "It was like he was saying: 'Come on Klaus! Give me some lyrics like, you know, like Alice in Chains!' I went what?! He really wanted to put me in a theatre mind you know?" And when he did succumb to this pressure, Klaus wasn't happy with the result. "I wrote a song like that," he confessed. "I Hate To Be Nice. It was a track that went nowhere!" Still, with the ever-changing landscape of the industry and popular music (Klaus points at the recent Superbowl performance full of rappers) does he or the band ever think about retiring? "No," he laughed. "It's no good for you! Rock and roll, and the way we do this ... it is like a way of life. Being a Rock Believer. We are the essence of Rock Believer, right? It is good for your system. It keeps you going, you know?" And he certainly means it. The band currently have no sign of stopping whatsoever. Later this month Scorpions begin their first-ever Las Vegas residency slot in Zappos Theater at Planet Hollywood. After that and into the summer, they are embarking on an extensive European tour that runs until July. Get tickets here. Scorpions - Rock Believer is out now.