Mac Studio is an all-new machine designed by Apple to house its most powerful custom-designed chipset. This compact desktop PC is 50% faster than the Mac Pro – the most expensive computer available in the Apple Store and 3.4x faster than the most powerful iMac you can buy today. As you'd imagine from that level of grunt under the bonnet, Mac Studio is designed for professionals. Mac Studio is available in two configurations – with the M1 Max or M1 Ultra chipsets. This silicon can be paired with up to 64GB or 128GB of RAM, respectively. Apple has fitted its new desktop, which sports a similar industrial design to the Mac mini, with a huge number of ports. It packs four USB-C Thunderbolt 4 ports, a 10Gb/s ethernet port, two USB-A ports, an HDMI port, and a pro audio jack for high-impedance headphones or external amplified speakers. On the front, there are two more USB-C ports and an SD card reader easily within reach. On the inside, Apple has included support for speedy Wi-Fi 6 and Bluetooth 5.0 too. With that dizzying array of ports, not to mention the fastest system-on-a-chip from the R&D teams inside Apple, the Mac Studio is able to simultaneously power up to four Pro Display XDRs, plus a 4K TV – driving almost 90 million pixels. Apple has designed a new monitor, the Studio Display, to complement its new desktop computer. This 27-inch screen boasts a 5K resolution and supports up to one billion colours as well as Apple's True Tone technology, which adjusts the colour temperature to match the room around you. The built-in stand can tilt 30-degrees ...but for an optional extra, Apple will fit an upgraded tilt- and height-adjustable stand option with a counterbalancing arm that makes the display feel weightless. A model with VESA mount will be available too. For an extra fee, Apple will add its nano-texture glass to the Studio Display. First introduced on Pro Display XDR, which costs £4,599, this texture scatters light to minimise glare when the screen is in direct sunlight. The Studio Display Apple has borrowed the 12-megapixel front-facing camera found in its iPad lineup for the Studio Display, which is powered by the A13 Bionic chipset to reduce noise and enable Centre-Stage. The latter automatically zooms and pans to ensure you're in the middle of the frame – even if you're moving around the room during your video call. This works with Apple's FaceTime, as well as popular third-party options, like Zoom and Google Meet. The Studio Display can fast-charge a MacBook Pro with the built-in USB-C port. Apple has included six speakers, which enable support for its Spatial Audio feature. There's also a three-microphone array that Apple says will provide "studio-quality" input. Mac Studio is available to buy from the Apple Store today, starting from £1,999 and maxing out at £7,999 for the model fitted with an M1 Ultra with 64-core GPU, 128GB of unified RAM, and an 8TB SSD. The first computers will begin to ship on March 18, 2022. Likewise, the Studio Display is available to buy today at a cost of £1,499. With the nano-texture glass finished and optional tilt- and height- adjustable stand, that tops-out at £2,149. Pre-orders will begin to ship on March 18, 2022. “We couldn’t be more excited to introduce an entirely new Mac desktop and display with Mac Studio and Studio Display,” said Greg Joswiak, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Mac Studio ushers in a new era for the desktop with unbelievable performance powered by M1 Max and M1 Ultra, an array of connectivity, and a compact design that puts everything users need within easy reach. And Studio Display – with its stunning 5K Retina screen, along with the best combination of camera and audio ever in a desktop display – is in a class of its own.”