Fern Britton, 64, has taken to Twitter today to praise the female members of the Royal Family on their attitude during an emotional day. It comes after the late Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Philip’s, memorial took place yesterday. The author said it “struck” her how tough the women in the Royal Family were. Fern believes their inherited resilience must have come from Queen Mary or the Queen Mother. The star added that the family strength has been “passed down" to the youngest generation of royals. She said: “Watching the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial yesterday. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win “It struck me how wonderfully tough the women are. “I think it must have come from Queen Mary and The Queen Mum. “The Queen has passed it to Princess Anne and William has passed it to Princess Charlotte. She’s deffo got it.” The Tweet was posted in full view of Fern’s 108,400 followers. Many of her followers rushed to the comments to express their own thoughts on the matter. @SandraOneill1 wrote: “I thought all the children were as good as gold. “Prince George has similar eyes to his Grandma Princess Diana. ( or is it just me, thinks this). x” @Sieurdeponthieu penned: “Princess Anne also has the sterling qualities of Princess Victoria, Marchioness of Milford Haven and Princess Alice. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] “Plus as my Mum kept noticing ‘she's got good legs’.” @Mummygoodall said: “Ooh absolutely! “Taking out of the equation for a moment, who they are, Charlotte was an absolute credit to her parents.” @Lothersdalelass commented: “Maybe Princess Charlotte also gets it from her Grandmother, Princess Diana who was strong but also kind.” Fern has had a long career, having started out on Breakfast Time in the '80s. She then went on to host the cooking show, Ready Steady Cook, where she met her now ex-husband, TV chef Phil Vickery, between 1994 and 2000. From 1999 to 2009 she presented This Morning alongside Philip Schofield. Her job was then given to Holly Willoughby when she left, who currently presents the show with Philip.