Mr Grossi, Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), said the agency's monitoring team has spotted indications of activity at the 5-megawatt reactor at the complex north of Pyongyang, which is capable of producing weapons-grade plutonium. The chief described the move as "deeply regrettable." Speaking of the situation Mr Grossi said: "We continue to observe construction activities at the Yongbyon site, including the construction of an annexe to the reported centrifuge enrichment facility, the purpose of which has yet to be determined.  Pyongyang has staged six nuclear tests with its last test in September 2017. Nuclear negotiations between the US and the North have remained stalled since the 2019 Hanoi summit between the two nations ended without a deal. A recent missile test was conducted by North Korea days before elections in South Korea. Japan confirmed the launch on Saturday, saying the missile flew at a maximum altitude of 550km (340 miles) and a distance of 300km (170 miles), defence minister Nobuo Kishi said. READ MORE:North Korea's new secret military base 'Likely to offend Beijing!' Speaking from Japan, Mr Kishi said: "The extremely high frequency of Pyongyang’s weapons tests this year were a threat to the region and were absolutely unacceptable." From hypersonic to medium-range ballistic missiles, Pyongyang test-fired a string of weaponry in January and last week launched what it claimed was a component of a “reconnaissance satellite” – although Seoul described it as another ballistic missile. Despite biting international sanctions over its nuclear weapons, Pyongyang has ignored the United States' offers of talks since high-profile negotiations between leader Kim Jong Un and then-US President Donald Trump collapsed in 2019. DON'T MISS:France and Germany unite in attack on British Airways [REPORT]Awkward moment maskless Boris glares at Trudeau [REVEAL]30 Putin helicopters blown to smithereens [INSIGHT]  Instead of diplomacy, Pyongyang has doubled down on Kim’s drive to modernise its military, warning in January that it could abandon a self-imposed moratorium on testing long-range missiles and nuclear weapons. South Korea’s military said it detected a presumed “ballistic missile launched into the East Sea from the Sunan area around 08:48 am”.  Many have suggested the US has become distracted over the situation in Ukraine to concentrate on Pyongyang. Yang Moo-jin, a professor at the University of North Korean Studies said: “With these tests, North Korea seems to be saying North Korea is different from Ukraine, reminding the world that it has its own nuclear weaponry system. "It’s yet another demand for Washington to abolish the so-called ‘hostile’ policies against Pyongyang."