According to a recent study, the grunts, oinks and squeals of a pig can reveal what it is feeling creating a development that could help advance animal welfare. Researchers trained in artificial intelligence (AI) created an algorithm of over 7,400 recordings from 411 pigs throughout different life stages. The pig noises could be compiled in an app and used by farmers to identify how their pigs are feeling including when they are distressed. The AI algorithm decodes whether an individual pig is feeling positive emotion such as happy or excited, or a negative emotion such as scared or stressed.  The study was carried out by researchers at the University of Copenhagen, the ETH Zurich and France's National Research Institute for Agriculture, Food and Environment (INRAE). Dr Elodie Briefer, the study's author, said: "With this study, we demonstrate that animal sounds provide great insight into their emotions. “We also prove that an algorithm can be used to decode and understand the emotions of pigs, which is an important step towards improved animal welfare for livestock.” She said: "We have trained the algorithm to decode pig grunts. “Now, we need someone who wants to develop the algorithm into an app that farmers can use to improve the welfare of their animals.”  The recordings were collected from both commercial and experimental scenarios in both positive and negative situations, based on the behaviour of the pigs. Positive situations included, for example, those when piglets suckle from their mothers or when they are united with their family after being separated. While the situations associated with negative emotions include separation, fights between piglets, castration and waiting in the slaughter house. The researchers analysed more than 7000 audio recordings and found short grunts were generally 'happy grunts' and high-frequency calls such as screams and squeals were generally associated with more negative situations.  READ MORE: Campaigners call for end to tourist horse carriages in Majorca While low-frequency calls such as barks and grunts occurred both in situations where the pigs experienced positive or negative emotions. Various mock scenarios were created by the researchers, designed to evoke more nuanced emotions in the middle of the spectrum. These included an arena with toys or food and a corresponding arena without any stimuli.  DON'T MISS: Chris Packham: Don’t backtrack on fur and foie gras import ban [INSIGFHT]Inseparable dogs looking for home together - special appeal [VIDEO]'Britain's loneliest dog' finds home after more than 500 days [COMMENT] The pig's heart rates, calls and behaviours were monitored throughout. Dr Briefer said: "By training an algorithm to recognise these sounds, we can classify 92 per cent of the calls to the correct emotion". The researchers who carried out the study, which was published in Scientific Reports, hope to help humans better understand the emotions of pigs and potentially other mammals. 