Orchids are a wonderful houseplant to give to loved ones but let's be honest, they have a reputation for being difficult to keep alive. Although, with a little know-how, gardeners will find that orchids are surprisingly easy to care for and it is entirely possible to keep an orchid living for years. Houseplant experts at Just Add Ice Orchids have shared several orchid care essentials gardeners will need for spring. The houseplant experts shared a “trimming” hack to ensure an orchid care routine is made easier. They said: “First-time orchid owners might not be used to trimming spikes, but it's incredibly easy to incorporate this into your orchid care routine. “First, you’ll want to access the status of your spikes. “Healthy spikes are green and firm to the touch, while unhealthy spikes are brown or yellow in colour.” READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients The experts noted that it’s important to use clean and sharp scissors when carrying out this hack to avoid diseases or killing off stems. The plant experts added: “With clean scissors, trim the spikes from the plant. “For healthy, green spikes, you’ll want to trim one inch above the node. “For unhealthy, brown spikes, make sure to cut all the way back to the base of the plant.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [TIPS]Gardening: The ‘most effective’ solution for getting rid of all kinds [EXPERT] The node is where leaves, buds and shoots emerge from the stem. Cutting above the node prevents die back and therefore disease. The experts continued: “For double-spike orchids, cut one spike at the base of the plant, and cut the other spike one inch above the node under the lowest flower bloom. “Keeping your spikes neat and tidy will make your orchid care routine easier.” The orchid pros also noted that fertiliser is “essential” when it comes to orchid care in the spring. “Fertiliser is essential when it comes to orchid care. “It helps your orchid rebloom due to the rich nutrients it contains.” The experts shared a “great tip” that gardeners should carry out once a month. They said: “A great fertilising tip is to put your fertilising solution in a watering can. “This allows you to place the solution close to the base of the plant. “After your orchid has flowered, make sure you fertilise it at least once a month. “Just make sure not to water your orchid the week it's been fertilised. “Your fertiliser solution is half water, so it’s already getting what it needs.”