Frogmore Cottage is a Grade II listed building located in Windsor’s Home Park. It is the former family home of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, however they left the UK to live in America two years ago. Since then, Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank moved in and still reside there with their one-year-old son August.  But what did it look like inside after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex renovated it, and how does it look now after Princess Eugenie has put her own stamp on it? Frogmore Cottage was offered to Meghan and Harry ahead of their wedding in 2018, but they did not move in until April 2019 following extensive renovations that cost £2.4million. The cottage was remodelled from five separate living quarters into one large official residence for the couple and their son, Archie. While the interiors of the house were important for the couple, it was the location that was perfect for them.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton channels fashion icon 'without effort' An unnamed royal insider said: “Frogmore, which is inside the Windsor security zone, is secluded, peaceful, tranquil and, most importantly, private.” As for how it was decorated inside, Meghan reportedly hired Soho House’s interior designer Vicky Charles to decorate the space. At the time, it was reported the paint used was vegan and organic in keeping with Meghan’s “largely vegan diet”. The £2.4million costs were initially paid for by taxpayers via the sovereign grant.  However, it was reported the total sum “will be even higher” as “some of the work was not started until the new financial year”. Meghan and Harry paid for some of the fittings themselves, but the cost of replacing ceiling beams, floor joists, heating, gas, electrical systems and re-plumbing was reportedly met by the public purse. Prince Harry's spokesman said in September 2020 he had re-paid the bill in full by making a contribution to the grant, according to the BBC. In terms of the changes Princess Eugenie and Jack have made, snippets of the inside have been seen on social media. In several Instagram posts from @the_anti_slavery_collective, a collective co-founded by Princess Eugenie, the living room has been pictured.  The Queen’s granddaughter was seen sitting on a cream sofa with a dusky blue bookshelf behind her. She was surrounded by colourful cushions, and amongst them was a small green cushion with the personalised message: 'August born in February.' In another image, Jack was seen cradling their newborn at the time. This time the sofa was an off-white linen fabric, with a cream panelled wall behind and several neutral boho patterned cushions scattered around him.  Last year the royal shared a glimpse of the beautiful kitchen while filming her firstborn playing with a toy shark. August was captured with his cuddly toy while sitting in a bouncer. Pale beige tiles in a diamond pattern and wooden cabinets in a slightly darker tone were visible in the background. It is also possible many of the interior design pieces Eugenie had in her previous home, Ivy Cottage would have come with her to Frogmore Cottage. 