Darragh Ennis, 41, joined The Chase in 2020 after appearing as a contestant in 2017. The Menace took to Twitter to comment on yesterday evening's episode, as he made some "unforgivable mistakes". Darragh played against Makayla, Roger, Romanda and Haydn, winning The Chase at the end. However, this didn't mean Darragh didn't make some "silly" mistakes along the way. Roger took an impressive £4000 through to his battle with Darragh, and even embarrassed the Chaser along the way. The pair were asked: "Nicknamed ‘Balls on the Falls’, RISE is the biggest public art sculpture in which UK capital?" READ MORE: Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning Roger got it right, however Darragh, the Irish Chaser, got it wrong. Darragh took to Twitter in view of his 25,700 followers , writing: "I can't believe I got that one wrong. "I was so mad at myself. Falls!" Darragh replied to several social media users who picked up on his huge mistake. ActuallyPearse said: "Ah Darragh?! Balls on the Falls @bones_giles #TheChase." He said: "I know. Absolute shocker." Dansmum65 added: "'Balls on the Falls' was shocking!" The Menace responded: "Outrageous really." DON'T MISS... Bobbie Nelson dead: Willie Nelson's sister and bandmate dies aged 91 [DEATH] Madonna posts ageless video for Frozen 25 years after origina [VIDEO] Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases ageless figure in skintight jumpsuit [INSTAGRAM] Darragh also mistook Disney's Ice Age for a Pixar film, with many minds blown at the silly mistake. He penned: "Ice age isn't Pixar. Some unforgivable mistakes in this one #TheChase." TomRobi85991530 said: "I do see where you went wrong though. "Heard Sid and immediately thought it. A lot of people would have done the same. Good performance though!" Darragh replied: "It's mad. The word association overrides the question itself. "So easy to fall into the trap." Only Makyla and Roger made it through to the final Chase adding a total of £9000 to the prize fund. However, the team struggled in the final and were beaten by Darragh with 30 seconds left on the clock.