Ulrika Jonsson, 54, says she has suffered with painful arthritis her whole life, though she wasn’t diagnosed until 2007. With new research from social venture Arthr showing 74% of people with arthritis say it affects their sleep*, Ulrika explained to Express.co.uk how she deals with pain and sleep deprivation. Almost a quarter (23%) of people with arthritis said their sleep is disrupted every night by joint pain, and 28.5% say their sleep is disrupted 3-4 nights a week by joint pain. Almost three quarters (72.5%) worry about the effect a lack of sleep because of joint pain will have on their quality of life, while 61% said that the pain from arthritis has a negative impact on their daily lives. A whopping 31% said it negatively affects their mental health, while 28% said it reduces their productivity at work, school or university. “I don’t think you ever get a hold on it, because arthritis is so tricky and can be such a debilitating condition,” said Ulrika. “I would say I work around it every single day of my life, it’s unavoidable.” The former Gladiators host makes sure she sleeps with a pillow between her legs, uses heat on the painful areas, and ensures she is active and mobile as much as possible, because when she sits down for long periods of time, her arthritis is at its worst. “It can be miserable, but I have a high pain threshold, and because I have lived with it for so long, it’s so much part of what I am, you can’t fight against it,” she said. “The best thing you can do is get little bits of help, the various products that Arthr do that I have found really helpful.” With the pain often affecting her sleep, Ulrika, who starred on Celebs Go Dating earlier this year, sometimes needs to mention it to prospective partners. “I will make a joke about it, but it’s whether they believe it,” she explained. “I am going to be 55 this year, so I’m not young but I’m not super old yet, and as soon as you mention arthritis you think someone is joking about it. “If I take a long time to get up from a seat or from sitting, if I’ve been to the cinema it will take me a good few minutes to steady myself on my legs. DON'T MISS:Jamie Lee Curtis stuns in reunion with John Travolta as son adopts pup from Oscars tribute [LATEST]Chris Rock made humiliating joke about Jada Pinkett Smith BEFORE Will Smith clash [ANALYSIS]Will Smith issues apology to Chris Rock following 'unacceptable behaviour' at Oscars [UPDATE] “It’s not something I’d bring to the table on the first date, but I won’t avoid talking about it, absolutely not.” She added: “It’s part of what I am, I don’t feel ashamed of it at all. It’s a fact of life.” While people are generally understanding about Ulrika’s health concerns, she says they tend to forget it quickly. Describing the pain, Ulrika said arthritis feels like “dragging, burning, without the heat” or like a menstrual pain. “It’s not a pain that goes away easily,” said the mum-of-four. Ulrika also wants the message to be clear - that anyone at any age can suffer from arthritis. “I would like very much if we could start thinking about arthritis as something that can blight anybody,” she said. *Survey carried out by Arthr via Vyper in March 2022. Total sample size of 775 adults with arthritis.