One such ambitious task is to tell 1,500 years of British history through art. Alas, there will be a gap with the airbrushing of Henry VIII. Why, one might wonder, will this most famous of monarchs be eliminated from the story of our country?  He is, after all, the one that most people have heard of, even if only for his six wives. The reason is jaw-dropping: the artist asked to cover the period simply does not like Henry and the BBC have accepted that as reason not to depict his reign. I hate Henry too, not least for the dissolution of the monasteries, and agree with the artist, Jeremy Deller, that the king was "just a horrible, horrible person" but refusing to look at art which depicted his reign is a bit like a historian refusing to cover the Second World War because he does not like Hitler. It is taking the cancel culture to extremes. It is to say "I do not like it, therefore it does not exist". Henry VIII reigned for 37 years, making him one of the longer serving monarchs and his reign covered the reformation, the creation of the Church of England, the first English translation of the Bible, wars with France, the Field of the Cloth of Gold, a major extension of the powers of Parliament, the founding of the Royal Navy and the establishment of the first national postal system. Hate him as much as you like, but he was a significant monarch. To examine a reign is not to celebrate it and all Jeremy Deller was asked to do was to examine the famous painting of the Field of the Cloth of Gold from Hampton Court. Any artist should be able to examine a major work whatever the politics involved. This incident opens a whole new chapter in the cancel culture wars to which, as usual, the BBC has bowed like a limp rag in the wind. What exactly were William and Kate meant to do when they were confronted with eager hands poking through wire on their tour of Jamaica? Ignore them?   Vladimir Putin must be wishing he had never begun his war on his seemingly lesser neighbour and it will certainly not be long before more Russians feel the same way. It will be impossible to brush off the growing death toll and the return of the wounded, whatever the rhetoric. For every soldier who dies there are bereaved parents, wives, children, in-laws, friends or close relatives and sometimes all of these. When enough families are affected the mood will turn. Meanwhile those who return wounded, disfigured or disabled will whisper the truth that Putin's ruthless censorship tries to hide: it is not going to plan, the Ukrainians are not pleased to see us, our supposed military superiority really is under challenge. And those whispers will grow into a shout.  Is witch doctor's medicine preferable to western medical science? Is a thorough grounding in reading, writing, arithmetic, geography and elementary science better than the tales of old men under trees? Are roads better than dirt tracks? Is organisation better than chaos? Peace better than tribal wars? If so, why are we not celebrating the British Empire? Of course, its bad aspects should be acknowledged, too, but why, oh why, do we let the idea grow that they were all it was about?   The Belgians have recently banned the trophy hunting of wild animals and our government was set to do the same. Then for some reason it U-turned but is now seemingly considering a U-turn on the U-turn. Oh, do just stop dithering and get blinking well on with it, Boris.  Dominic Raab suggests that free speech will be given legal supremacy and will trump most other rights. I have been asking for such a measure on this page for years, but better late than never. However, it will only work if there are biting sanctions for violations rather than just a tap on the wrist, so I will withhold any hip, hip hurrahs until I see the Bill. That is if the Bill ever really comes. This government is pretty adept at announcements that grab headlines but not so great at turning pronouncements into reality. Yet this is Dominic Raab rather than Priti Patel, so maybe there is half a chance... but I'll believe it when it happens. A correspondent on my website suggests there should be a national woke register easily accessible to all. This would enable members of the public to decide from which firms they should buy and which they should avoid if they do not like woke cancel culture and priorities. It is certainly an intriguing notion with some jolly possibilities.