Jac (played by Rosie Marcel) has been struggling with her brain tumour ever since she was diagnosed with it on Holby City last year. The beloved character has considered several treatment options to try and shrink it but with the final episode of the BBC medical drama airing later this month, things are not looking great for her. However, having spent some time away from the Emergency Department on Casualty, Connie (Amanda Mealing) could make a comeback to the place where her journey first started on the television series as she is called in to carry out a life-saving operation. Notoriously, Jac and Connie have been arch-enemies, with it being very rare the pair have ever got on but they have weaved in and out of each other's storylines. Not only did they work together during their time on the wards of Holby City hospital but they have also gone head to head in the crossover episodes. This is because the women both have profound knowledge of how to operate on hearts and have often clashed on the best way to deal with patients. During the most recent crossover between the two programmes, they put their differences aside and team up to save Iain Dean's (Michael Stevenson) life. They haven't spoken much since this and with Connie having left Casualty last April, it might seem she would never work with Jac again. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? However, with Jac running out of options, she could call on the one person she secretly trusts to perform the operation on her tumour. In a teaser for next week's action-packed episode, the beloved character is seen making calls to some medical professionals who she thinks could help her. Jac is seen sitting at her desk, telling the person on the other end of the phone: "I fully understand the risks and I'm willing to face them." She puts down the phone, crosses out a name on her list and continues to make calls as she is heard saying: "I just need a surgeon who is willing to do the same. "If it's a matter of insurance, I'm willing to sign a waiver. I just need someone to take a chance," she adds as her hope begins to dwindle. One of the last people on her list could be her rival, who she knows would be able to carry out the task she is asking of. Although Connie is a heart surgeon, she could know how to perform the procedure on her colleague's brain or lead a team to ensure no harm was caused to her. This could all unravel in the finale and as the pair of rivals put their differences to the side once more, it could be a fitting end that two of the show's most beloved characters are helping each other. Jac would therefore be a part of the conclusion of the programme and could get her happy ending, rather than being killed off. There has been no word on when viewers can expect to see Connie again but with so many of the former cast returning for Holby City's last few episodes, it could very likely she will make an appearance. DON'T MISS...Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [COMMENT]Holby City legend Amanda Mealing speaks out about show's axe [COMMENT]Laila Rouass on 'getting rid of stagnant energy' after Ronnie split [COMMENT] Taking to Twitter, fans of the show have been sharing their thoughts on Connie possibly coming back to save Jac from her peril. Liz wrote on the social media platform: "Get Connie back to get a team willing to save Jac, she can't die #holbycity." Jack added: "I’m putting it out there now. Connie Beauchamp will be the one to do Jacs surgery! #HolbyCity." Charlotte remarked: "A possible Serena [Campbell] return? Hmm…They should have brought Connie back. She must know some top shot New York neurosurgeons who could fix her arch-rival #HolbyCity." The Rock Fairy posted: "Every time I watch #HolbyCity I feel a tinge of sadness knowing its ending. I know it’s only a show but I grew up with it. "Characters like Jac Naylor and Connie Beauchamp genuinely had an impact on who I am as a woman today. It’s strangely comforting tuning in and I’ll miss it." Speaking in an interview with Express.co.uk last year, the actress who plays Connie, Amanda, discussed whether her character would be back. At the time, she said: "It’s really sad. It's the birthplace of Connie so it's really sad to see it go. "I had hoped to make a trip back there, but they very quickly need to round up all the storylines. I think it was difficult to try and squeeze a Connie storyline in there. "So, unfortunately, I won't be able to make it back before the doors close for the final time," she added but could writers have seen a place for her in Jac's storyline? Production was rounded off in December, three months ahead of transmission so there could have been a chance for Amanda to film a few scenes. Jac has also spoken out on the possibility of another infamous character returning to help her in last week's episode. Trapped in lockdown with Jac, Nicky McKendrick (Belinda Owusu), said: "Oh, before I go... I did some research and I made a list of neurosurgeons for your surgery... Or shall we just go over this later?" "I'm perfectly capable of finding my own neurosurgeon, thank you," the medical professional bit back, with numerous rumours floating around on who it could be. The actress who plays Jac, Rosie, also spoke out on who it could be, adding: "I can't say a lot without giving too much away, but what I will say is that the finale is going to be amazing. "We're bringing back loads of old characters, which is going to be really exciting for everyone," so could Connie be amongst them? Holby City continues Tuesday at 7:50pm on BBC One.