Kaleb Cooper has given Clarkson’s Farm’s fans an update on his work at Diddly Squat, as he helped repair a broken tractor. The head farmer shared a video earlier today on his Instagram story showing the damage. In the clip, uploaded in view of Kaleb’s one million followers, a man could be seen trying to repair the tractor. He also panned the camera to the floor as fuel leaked from the vehicle, to give viewers an idea of how much was being lost. Kaleb could be heard in the background saying: “She’s getting costly, Kieran. All that fuel on the floor. F***ing tractor.” The TV star recently announced his next big venture away from his life on the farm. He said last week he was grateful to be able to share his new book, The World According To Kaleb. In a lengthy post, Kaleb was over the moon to be celebrating both the news about his book, and his son’s birthday. He also confirmed that readers could now pre-order his upcoming title via Amazon Prime. Kaleb said: "What a day I’m having! Celebrating Oscar’s first birthday and finally getting to relieve this big announcement. "As you all know, I’m not a big reader (the only book I’ve ever actually read is @jeremyclarkson1.) “So I’ve decided to do the next best thing and write my own book!" In a candid confession, Kaleb said he did most of the brainstorming for his upcoming book while sitting on a tractor, proving his love of farming. He continued: "SURPRISE. It’s about lots of things, but really it’s about how I love farming, and why nothing beats sitting on a tractor and ploughing a field – which, funnily enough, is where I did most of my brainstorming for this book. DON'T MISS...Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock [UPDATE]Liza Minneli stuns fans by defying the odds and turning 75 [LATEST]Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga [INSIGHT] "Signed copies of ‘The World According to Kaleb’ are available to pre-order now! Link in my bio." Kaleb anchored the link to pre-order the book on his Instagram bio. The reality TV show star was soon inundated with messages of support as social media users flocked to the comments section. Prime Video UK penned: "Now that’ll be two books we’ve read. Congratulations on the book." Ford Ranger commented: "Well done, pre-ordered one, can’t wait to read it!" Isel Digital gushed: "How exciting! Currently reading @jeremyclarkson1 year on the farm book, look forward to this one too!" With his new output, Kaleb will be following in the footsteps of his co-star, Jeremy Clarkson, 61. Jeremy released a book entitled The World According to Jeremy Clarkson, in which he shares his views on a wide range of topics.