Formula One heiress Petra Ecclestone, 32, and her fiance Sam Palmer, 38, have shared how they are homeschooling her children to avoid "woke stupidity", which they claim is on many schools' curricular. The couple have daughter Millie, 18 months, together, while the youngest daughter of Formula One billionaire Ernie Ecclestone shares daughter Lavinia, nine, and twins James Robert Fredrick Jr and Andrew Kulbir, six, with her ex-husband, British businessman James Stunt. The pair divorced four years ago. Last year, real estate agent Sam took to social media to reveal his family's set up. He told his 16,700 Instagram followers how teaching their children at home allows them to spend more quality time together. Sam wrote: "We home school. We have teachers. And sport coaches. "I was against it initially, but I have to say I really love it. We get to spend more time as a family." READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone in Vladimir Putin warning to F1 after cancellation He went on: "We get to choose what's being taught to our kids. "And it will certainly not include woke stupidity like I've seen in some schools," he explained. Speaking about the social aspect of homeschooling, Sam said that the children frequently go to clubs together. He continued: "There are four of them anyway so they are never alone, and also go to sports clubs." In October 2017, Petra and James' divorce was finalised after six years of marriage. Petra met her current beau after being introduced through her older sister, Tamara. After her divorce from businessman James was finalised, the pair reportedly started dating. Their former home in the UK, which is worth a reported £170 million, was also put up for sale. DON'T MISS...Ecclestone leaps to Mazepin's defence as Haas told not to bin Russian [QUOTES]Bernie Ecclestone defends 'honourable' Putin amid Russia invasion [NEWS]Bernie Ecclestone wife to help FIA as Lewis Hamilton waits on inquiry [UPDATE] Last year, Petra and Sam gave their fans a glimpse of the home they are selling "off-market".In a clip produced by Architectural Digest, the couple showed off their Grade II listed, Georgian-style complete with gold and crystal detail.  Sam took to social media to announce his good news after studying for his real estate license in the States. He wrote: "I am delighted to announce that I have passed my California Real Estate license exam and I am now officially allowed to represent buyers & sellers on property transactions. "I cannot wait to get started," he added, alongside a snap of himself smiling in a suit. He also shared the news to his stories, writing: "Happy is an understatement."