Last month, it was announced that Camilla would be known as Queen Consort once Prince Charles ascends the throne. Queen Elizabeth II used her Platinum Jubilee to give her royal seal of approval for the Duchess of Cornwall to use the title, putting years of speculation to an end. Her Majesty said it was her “sincere wish” for Camilla to take on the title of Queen Consort. Prior to the Queen’s statement, it was understood that Camilla would be known as Princess Consort, as agreed following her wedding to the Prince of Wales. She also became the Duchess of Cornwall at this time, taking on a “secondary title” out of respect for Charles’ first wife Princess Diana. Dickie Arbiter, former royal press secretary told the 2020 Channel 5 documentary ‘Charles & Camilla: King and Queen in Waiting’ that titles “do not matter” to the Duchess. He said: “When they got married, it was eight years after the death of Diana, Princess of Wales and feelings and memories were still running high, so she’s used the other title — Duchess of Cornwall. “She’s quite comfortable with it. Titles do not matter to Camilla. “She doesn’t really care one Iota what she’s called — as long as she’s not called anything rude.” Victoria Howard, editor of The Crown Chronicles, added: “Following their marriage in 2005, Camilla takes on the title of Duchess of Cornwall which is actually her secondary title — legally she is Princess of Wales. “But Camilla knew how fond of Diana the public had been, it wasn’t going to wash with them that she would be the next Princess of Wales.” The decision to make Camilla Princess Consort was in part due to public opinion of Camilla at the time. Camilla endured intense criticism from the press and the public since her relationship with Charles — during his marriage to Diana — was brought to light. Once snubbed as the “other woman”, Camilla has come a long way as a member of the Royal Family and has seemingly won over an uncertain public. As Charles’s official biographer, Jonathan Dimbleby, predicted on BBC’s Panorama programme in 2005: "We've seen massive shifts in public opinion, from her, Camilla, being regarded as the other woman, through to her being seen now as a very attractive spouse who makes the Prince happy, who appears in public, who is gracious, who joins in - in a crowd, who communicates very effectively.” DON'T MISS:Queen absolutely 'thrilled' after monarch treated to special LA visit [REPORT] Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [ANALYSIS] Since her marriage to Charles, the Duchess has become a dedicated working royal. She champions her own causes and has committed to continuing doing so as Queen Consort. When asked how she felt about the Queen’s endorsement, Camilla said she is “very honoured and very touched”. In a written message, marking the Queen’s Accession Day anniversary, Charles said he and Camilla were “deeply conscious” of the honour. He added: “As we have sought together to serve and support Her Majesty and the people of our communities, my darling wife has been my own steadfast support throughout." Penny Junor, author of ‘The Duchess: The Untold Story’ said the intervention was “an endorsement from the top”. She said: “This is the Queen’s wish. This is not about Charles being headstrong and wanting this for the woman he loves. “It is a proper endorsement from the top and it’s right and well deserved, and just as it should be.” Ms Junor also claimed that the Queen’s approval would lead to the public accepting Camilla being one day known as Queen. She said: “It had been suggested to me in the past the only way the public would find it acceptable for Camilla to be Queen was for the Queen herself to make it clear this is what she wanted.”