The peace lily houseplant is known for its gorgeous white flowers that it produces when in bloom as well as its glossy green leaves. As well as brightening up any space, they are also excellent at cleaning the air of the room they are in. One expert has shared top tips on looking after the plant, including how to water it correctly. Samantha Jones, gardening expert at MyJobQuote.co.uk, told Express.co.uk: “Keep peace lilies away from draughts and in a warm room that is ideally between 15 and 21 degrees celsius. “They’re happy near but not directly in a window, so they benefit from the winter daylight without suffering from temperature fluctuations caused by radiators and draughts. “Peace lilies need less water and no feed during the winter.” The best time to apply fertiliser to the plant is during its active growth season. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours To help encourage spring and summer growth, fertilising is recommended every six weeks. The expert added: “Ideally your plant’s pot should be kept on a saucer or a tray topped with moist pebbles as they like humidity and central heating can dry the air in a room. “They also do well grouped together with other plants as this also increases humidity, but you’ll need to check that your other plants are pest-free first. “A bathroom is seen as a good place to pop your lily for humidity but if your bathroom is often cold or changes temperature frequently, you may find it suffers.” DON'T MISS:How to create a ‘warmer home’ and minimise heat loss this spring [INSIGHT]DIYer shares home office transformation - ‘so easy and fun’ [PICTURES]‘Key’ gardening job to ensure ‘bigger plants’ this summer [EXPERT] It is also important to know how often a peace lily needs watering as well as how much to water it. Overwatering houseplants is one of the most common problems when it comes to root rot. The gardening expert said: “Only water your lily when the soil feels dry. “You can use a finger to check whether the soil is still damp below the surface. “If the plant is wilting, this could be a sign that you’re overwatering it.” Other overwatering signs include yellowing foliage, brown leaf tips as well as brown, mushy roots. The expert added: “Before watering, it’s a good idea to let your tap or rainwater stand for a while to get it up to room temperature. “This reduces the chance of you shocking your plant.” Water that is 15 degrees or lower can be too cold for a peace lily plant. Letting the water reach to room temperature can also help any harmful chemicals to dissipate. Owners of the peace lily houseplant can also keep their plant healthy by wiping its leaves gently to remove any dust. This can help the plant to absorb sunlight. Samatha said: “This only needs to be done every so often. “A dry microfibre cloth is fine for this. Don’t use household wipes as they tend to contain chemicals.”