Sister Sledge ft Sledgendary star Tanya Ti-et has shared her concerns over how fans will react to the band's evolving sound. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the singer spoke candidly about how the group's new music will be received by fans, as well as the band's debut single, Free. Tanya joined the legendary band 10 years ago following a rehearsal with two of the original members, Joni and Debbie Sledge. Before the newest member, the group enjoyed success with chart toppers such as 70's hit We Are Family and 1981 song, All American Girls. When asked whether she was concerned about whether the group's newest music would be compared to their iconic hits, Tanya admitted that it was a worry. She said: "I think we all as people in the music business as musicians and singers think about how other people are going to receive your music. READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson fumes at Gorka Marquez after being left 'on her own' "And you think about your own influences and where you were at a particular time as opposed to now, so you can't help but compare a bit." However, Tanya said that she and the band's fans had to embrace the changes. She went on: "It's not necessarily a worry, because everything evolves, music evolves, but also music reflects as well. "So I'm sure people will try to compare or think to themselves like, 'Oh, this isn't really a sledge type of thing', but it's just an evolved sound. "Because obviously with disco at some point, for whatever reason, people decided to think that disco wasn't in anymore, especially in the States," she said. Tanya continued: "And I don't think it ever really went out of style for people who loved it because that to me is a free style of music in general. "It makes you want to dance and makes you feel happy. "And so even our updated sound reflects on that, you know, the general feeling of it," she added. DON'T MISS... Gary Lineker's ex-wife shares how star got her through family tragedy [INSIGHT]James Jordan makes desperate plea following row with Shirley Ballas [ANALYSIS]Furious Piers Morgan rages as Gavin Williamson given knighthood [TWITTER] The star also addressed Strictly Come Dancing duo John Whaite and Johannes Radebe's performance of the salsa to the band's iconic hit, We Are Family. Speaking about the performance, the Sister Sledge ft. Sledgendary singer shared her thoughts on the dance, despite not having seen the moment yet. She said: "That song comes on and it's just an automatic celebration. "It sounds beautiful. "That's exactly what happens though. "Everybody just- it's a celebration immediately. "It's always been that way," she gushed. Sister Sledge ft. Sledgendary's debut single Free is out now.