Paris Saint-Germain's dramatic Champions League implosion could have major consequences for Nasser Al-Khelaifi - after the PSG chief reportedly had a massive post-match meltdown following his side's 3-1 defeat to Real Madrid. The French giants were dumped out of Europe's elite competition after throwing away a two-goal lead in the last-16 tie. A sensational 17-minute hat-trick from Karim Benzema was enough to break PSG hearts after Kylian Mbappe had fired the French giants into an early lead. PSG had enough chances to kill the tie off in the first leg, with Mbappe striking at the death to nudge the French outfit into a dramatic lead after Lionel Messi had earlier missed a penalty in Paris. However, they were unable to build on that slender advantage on Wednesday night and were instead undone by an iconic performance from Benzema, who fired his side into the Champions League quarter-finals. And the drama stretched late into the night at the Bernabeu, with reports claiming that Al-Khelaifi stormed into the officials dressing room after the final whistle. JUST IN: Mourinho unimpressed with Maitland-Niles and targets Man Utd star According to El Partidazo de COPE, the PSG president, along with sporting director Leonardo, were furious about an alleged foul on Gianluigi Donnarumma from Benzema for the Frenchman's first goal. However, the duo actually ended up storming the wrong room; instead coming face to face with Real Madrid delegate, Mejia Devila. The tense situation escalated and ending up with the police being called after Al-Khelaifi spotted a Real employee filming his every move. The same report outlines that the PSG chief was incensed and threatened the Real man, allegedly screaming "I'm going to kill you" and demanding that the footage be deleted before he was eventually ushered away by his security team. DON'T MISSBillionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle financial headache as he plots Abramovich takeoverArsenal star Alexandre Lacazette calls out 'killer' Thomas Partey after suffering injuryMauricio Pochettino hints how much he would change at Man Utd in Rio Ferdinand chat Benzema's controversial strike was the moment that sparked PSG's capitulation to ensure Al-Khelaifi and the club will go another year without the European crown that they covet above anything else. Al-Khelaifi is desperate to achieve Champions Leagues success, but after seeing his side reach the final and then the semi-finals in previous years, being dumped out in the last-16 is a major setback which could have serious consequences for Mauricio Pochettino. The former Tottenham chief has been persistently linked with the Manchester United job amid heightened speculation that he could be leaving the French capital in the summer. But there are already suggestions that PSG's shock surrender in Madrid could hasten the 50-year-old's exit - even though PSG are on course to claim the French title. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ And Leonardo attempted to play down any talk of Pochettino leaving the club in the wake of their European elimination. "We shouldn't throw everything in the bin," Leonardo told RMC Sport after the match. "We shouldn't start from scratch after every loss. The objective is to win the Champions League, and until half-time we were fine. "We have to look to improve this team and maintain morale to play in Ligue 1 and to finish the season well. We should stay together. "Pochettino is still part of the project for this season. It's not the time to think about that."