Queen Elizabeth II looked elegant in green today as she honoured Prince Philip. She paired her forrest coloured outfit with a brooch gifted to her by her husband. The Scarab brooch was given to the Queen by Prince Philip in 1966. She has been spotted wearing the stunning accessory throughout her reign. In July 1966, Queen Elizabeth II stepped out with the gorgeous gift pinned to a blue coat at Bournemouth Town Hall. She donned the brooch again in 2002 when celebrating her Golden Jubilee in Falmouth. READ MORE: Lady Louise honours Prince Philip with her stylish equestrian brooch She even wore the brooch during her and Prince Philip's platinum anniversary portrait in 2017. In her 2018 Christmas message, the Queen donned the brooch once more as she addressed the nation. More than five decades later, she still wears the sentimental accessory. The stunning brooch has a pretty pink ruby at its centre, and was crafted from gold and diamonds. Anthony French, Diamond expert at Austen & Blake, stated: "The brooch, designed by Andrew Grima, is crafted in yellow gold and features carved ruby and diamond embellishments. "The Queen has worn this special piece on many occasions, and for an estimated price tag of £10,000, she is definitely getting her money’s worth." Charlotte White, Head of Design at 77 Diamonds, Europe’s largest online jeweller, believes that the Scarab brooch is one of the Queen's most prized jewels. Indeed, the Queen’s "spectacular and extensive collection of brooches spans world-record breaking, historical and sentimental pieces”. It is touching that out of the Queen's immense brooch collection, which reportedly contains 98 pieces, she opted for the one which she took with her throughout her marriage. It is a symbol of their enduring love that spanned an incredible seven decades and continues to live on. Alongside the brooch, she opted for her signature three-strand pearl necklace. She also wore simplistic single peal earrings. While the Queen's choice of brooch is certainly the biggest statement within her ensemble, her forrest green coat and hat are also chic and elegant. The cuffs of her coat were adorned with beautiful purple velvet, and her hat also boasted a purple velvet flower detail. She wore black gloves on her hands and held a small black Launer handbag. On her feet she went for simple black patent shoes.