Cancer survivor Julia Bradbury got together with her family for an extra-special journey in the Peak District this week. The experience of going back to her roots as a walker left the radiant-looking Countryfile star filled with tears of emotion. Julia Bradbury has always loved nature and the outdoors, but after her breast cancer diagnosis, it took on a new meaning for her as reconnecting with nature was a vital way for her to heal. She has often invited her followers in on the experience, posting Instagram videos as she takes part in walks - and today was no exception. "Had an emotional hike up Mam Tor today in the gorgeous @peakdistrict," she revealed to her 166,000 followers. "'Mother Hill' was as welcoming as blue skies are to Skylarks today. READ NOW: Demi Rose sparks a social media frenzy in barely-there bikini "It's the 1st time my Mamamou has been up there in more than 40yrs.. 3 generations holding hands. "There were tears #family #hike." The extra short video clip, captioned "Time for a hike", was viewed over 21,000 times. Julia looked radiant and healthy as she smiled for the camera, in a sign that she may be putting the trauma of her cancer battle behind her for now.  "Great to be back in the @peakdistrict for the @pdnp_foundation foundation raising awareness & funds to preserve & maintain this special landscape," she wrote. Meanwhile, on its own page, the foundation posted a photo of her at their event and wrote: "What a fantastic evening celebrating 70 years of the @peakdistrict with @JuliaBradbury. "Thank you to everyone who came - we're excited to work with you to help people & nature #ConnectRecoverThrive." Though she was born in Dublin and now lives in London full-time, Julia has always had a special affection for the Peak District. She grew up in nearby Sheffield and relished hiking trips with her father in the nearby countryside as a child. He had grown up with the landscapes as a boy and, as she recounted to the Outdoor Guide, he introduced her to "my life-long friend, therapist and workout buddy – Nature". "We went for our first walk together when I was about seven years old, hiking across one of the nearby moors," she elaborated. "I say hiking; dad was doing all the hard work pulling me alongside all 6ft 4 of him while I gawped at the gigantic moody landscapes!"