Eddie Hearn believes Tyson Fury will be perturbed by Dillian Whyte’s no-show at their press conference and his recent radio silence. The Gypsy King is due to defend his WBC Heavyweight title against the “Body Snatcher’ on April 23 at Wembley Stadium.  The fight was eventually finalised after Whyte signed the contract just hours before the deadline due to a dispute over purse split between him and his next opponent. The 33-year-old was absent from the fight’s official press conference earleir this month, leading to some speculation the contest may no longer be going ahead. Hearn meanwhile, who is not officially involved after rival promoter Frank Warren claimed a record £30million purse bid to stage the fight, feels Whyte has got under the skin of the 'Gypsy King' who has been synonymous with winding up his opponents in the past. "It is non-stop arguments between the camps on so many different points, so I just hope they get in the ring and hopefully Dillian gets a shot," Hearn told PA news agency. "I don't think Tyson Fury knows where he is with it all. He normally likes to be in control. But Dillian is working hard and just taking the control away from Tyson Fury and he doesn't know what to do, I guess. JUST IN: Oleksandr Usyk 'given blessing to leave Ukraine' for Anthony Joshua rematch "Dillian is cut from a different cloth and Tyson will know how tough this fight is because they've sparred many rounds." Fury claimed he will retire from the sport after fighting Whyte, meaning the dream match with Anthony Joshua would not become a reality. However, Hearn recently laughed off those claims as he told reporters: “​​If you believe anything Tyson Fury says, you’re absolutely mad.” The promoter has his hands full currently as Matchroom agency hosted a press conference to announce a light-heavyweight bout between Joshua Buatsi and Craig Richards on May 21. It is possible that the winner may have a shot at Mexico’s Canelo Alvarez, after he takes on Dmitry Bivol in May. The first ever undisputed super middleweight champion is keen to fight in London and Hearn appears to have presented him with an opportunity to do just that. "Canelo wants to fight in London and if he is going to need an opponent, we have the mandatory at 168 in John Ryder and the winner of this fight will be mandatory at 175," he added. "Everyone is hoping - like they are with the AJ (Anthony Joshua) fight - and saying me, me, me so let's see what happens."