The Omicron variant was first named last November, shortly before it was designated a variant of concern by the World Health Organisation. What sets the variant apart from its predecessor is its inimitable capacity for transmission. According to data from the Office for National Statistics, Covid infections in the UK have climbed by one million in a week. Based on these figures, Doctor Chris warned as many as one in 15 people in the UK could be infected by the Omicron variant. Doctor Chris Smith said: “The good thing is, that people who are catching it at the moment are catching a very mild dose of it. There are a number of reasons for that, but there are lots of them. “We used to think we were catching about one in two cases via testing, we now think there are probably 10 times as many cases out there as there are tests that are saying it's positive. “Probably, about one person in every 15 across the country on average is currently infected. "So if you pick the average busload of people, there’s probably one or two cases on there at the moment." Data suggests all age groups are affected by the recent surge, including 75s and older. But experts continue to reiterate that the vaccine is protecting against severe symptoms, despite the sharp rise in cases. The Omicron variant (BA.1) now accounts for most cases across the world. Data, however, suggests it is Omicron's “close cousin” BA.2, also known as Stealth Omicron, which is causing the majority of infections in the UK. Speaking of the subvariant, Dr Chris said: “It’s very transmissible, it’s very infectious this new variant that’s circulating. It’s the very probably responsible [for the surge], together with the fact that more people […] are going out and mixing more. “Put all those factors together and you have a high level of transmission.” The sub-variant is highly infectious because it contains a set of mutations that significantly alter its behaviour. In addition to BA.1 and BA.2, the World Health Organisation lists two more sub-variants within the Omicron group; BA.1.1.529 and BA.3. It comes as thousands of vulnerable people were invited to receive a second booster vaccine this week. The fourth vaccine is currently being offered to over-75s, care home residents and immunocompromised individuals. The rollout of the second booster follows a recommendation by the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) last month, who deemed the second booster necessary to top up waning immunity. After recommending the spring booster programme, the committee said it would set out advice on an autumn top-up campaign. While details have not yet been released, Health Secretary Sajid Javid hinted the campaign would include more people than those covered by last spring’s campaign. He said: “[The JCVI’s] most recent advice is that they think that towards the end of this year, maybe in the autumn, there will be a need to give a lot more people a boost.” The Government website states that more than 38 million people have now received a booster or third dose of the vaccine in the UK.