UPDATE: Xur is back in Destiny 2 ready to tempt Guardians into purchasing Exotics at a new location today. If you're looking for Xur today then you will be able to find the merchant at the Tower in the Hangar. And if you're wondering what Xur has in stock then here are details on the latest Exotics on offer... Merciless, Getaway Artist, One-Eyed Mask, and Sealed Ahamkara Grasps ORIGINAL: Xur is back in Destiny 2 today ready to tempt Guardians into handing over their hard-earned Legendary Shards in exchange for some shiny new exotics. The sought-after merchant will be heading to a new location, after previously being in the EDZ for the past two weeks, ahead of the heavily anticipated launch of the Vow of Disciple Race this weekend. Xur will be arriving in Destiny 2 at a new location around 5pm UK time - Express.co.uk will update this article with Xur's new location once the merchant drops back into Destiny 2. In case you're wondering, here's what Xur was selling last time around in Destiny 2 at the Winding Cove location in the EDZ... Sunshot, Skull of Dire Ahamkara, Doom Fang Pauldron, and Lucky Pants Xur is arriving in Destiny 2 ahead of the launch of the World First race for Vow of the Disciple in the Witch Queen expansion. In case you're wondering, here is the start and end time and date for the Vow of Disciple Race... Destiny 2 Witch Queen Vow of Disciple Race start time: Saturday March 5 6pm UK time / 10am pacific time Destiny 2 Witch Queen Vow of Disciple Race end time: Sunday March 6 6pm UK time / 10am pacific time  Speaking about this in the latest This Week at Bungie, the Destiny 2 makers said: "It feels like just yesterday we were announcing The Witch Queen, and now we find ourselves on the doorstep of a World First raid race. This is the weekend that many of you have been waiting for, strategically planning your Power gains and grabbing armfuls of snacks from grocery store shelves. In under two days, the race begins. Let’s get you up to speed. "If you’re new to Destiny or have yet to engage in a raid, this is the pinnacle of our endgame content. Players around the world are challenged to compete, decoding devious puzzles while engaging in heavy combat through multiple activity encounters.  "We’re not just talking a few enemies here and there, but hordes of combatants clawing away at lives and time while players race to the finish line. We expect no different from Vow of the Disciple with multiple teams at the final boss trading attempts at reaching victory. "Now, let’s talk rules. The World First race for Vow of the Disciple will take place in Contest Mode. This is a unique variant of the raid, only offered for the first 24 hours, capping every Guardian at a specific Power level to ensure an even playing field. We announced last week that 1530 Power is your target, as this will be the highest Power your Guardian will perform at against the enemies you face." 