Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale should be considered as one of the signings of the season, according to former Gunners winger Karen Carney. Ramsdale joined Arsenal from Sheffield United last summer in a deal which could rise to £30million. Supporters and pundits questioned the decision to sign the former Bournemouth star at the time. However, the gamble from Arsenal and their technical director Edu has clearly paid off. Ramsdale came into Mikel Arteta's side following three defeats at the start of the Premier League season and he has played every minute in the competition since. Only Manchester City's Ederson and Liverpool's Alisson have kept more clean sheets than the England international. Ramsdale suffered relegation in two successive seasons with Bournemouth and Sheffield United but Carney believes that actually attracted Arsenal to him more. JUST IN: Man Utd may have strong alternative to Carlo Ancelotti and Erik ten Hag under their nose  And she reckons it wouldn't be too extreme to say he is the best purchase of any top-flight club this season. "I read that the reason they signed him was probably the reason why everyone thought 'don't sign him'," Carney told Premier League Productions. "Arsenal said that he had back-to-back relegations but they saw resilience in him and it didn't fear them, it actually made them want to sign him and they knew he could bounce back. "They knew that he could shout, he could command, he could lead and nothing fazed him. DON'T MISSMan Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood [SOCIAL]Four signings Man Utd, Arsenal and Liverpool missed out on because of Roman Abramovich [TRANSFERS]Roman Abramovich brushed Chelsea star aside 'Don't want to see your face' [INTERVIEW]  "That's why they went after him, the character. I thought that was really interesting because if I was recruiting I'd be going 'back-to-back relegations, I'm not so sure' but it actually went in his favour. "Arguably the signing of the season, maybe. For the impact he's had, he's been brilliant." Carney also explained how she first became aware of Ramsdale's vocal nature on the pitch. "In the pandemic, I went to an under-21 game and there was no one in the crowd," she continued.  "That's really good because you hear everything. And he was in goal and he shouted and commanded the whole game. "He was leading, giving information, giving encouragement. He just did not pipe down and that's what you want to see. "I don't think there's been a goalkeeper in that time when there were no fans in that was as vocal as Aaron Ramsdale."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here