Insurance firm Budget Direct warns “filming yourself driving for any kind of social media” video is illegal and could see car insurance policies completely axed. The warning comes after a new TikTok challenge launched in 2020 saw teenagers driving aggressively and breaking road laws. The ‘Cha Cha Slide’ challenge saw road users move their car suddenly in line with the famous DJ Casper song, It meant drivers were quickly turning their wheels left or right as well as serving in both directions while on busy roads. Budget Direct said: “From a policy impact perspective, if you get caught illegally using your mobile phone you may incur penalties disclosable to your insurance company. “Your driving history is a factor considered when calculating your premium. READ MORE: Car insurance costs could rise due to March number plate changes “If these are not disclosed it may result in a claim being declined." They added: “Using a mobile phone while driving to do anything is illegal. “Unless the phone is in a cradle or connected to Apple CarPlay, Android Auto or Bluetooth and operated by the driver without touching any part of the phone. “This includes filming yourself driving for any kind of social media.” DON'T MISSElderly drivers warned of 'inevitable' car insurance price increases [INSIGHT]Drivers warned making car insurance error is ‘never worth the risk’  [COMMENT]Car insurance increase will put ‘financial pressure’ on households [ANALYSIS] Budget Direct has warned drivers could even lose their policies if their friends or family members film them behind the wheel. The experts warn this could be considered distracted driving which could lead to punishments. They added: "You are not covered under this policy for loss, damage or liability caused by the driver of the car, or a passenger, acting willfully or recklessly. “However, to rely on the exclusion we would need to prove that the act caused or contributed to the loss.” Consumer watchdog Which? has previously confirmed drivers could have their insurance invalidated by using their phone. They also spoke to a range of issuers who confirmed claims could be refused for some phone violations. Esure said: “Cover for a claim could be excluded if an accident has occurred as the result of the driver acting in an illegal or reckless manner when they were at the wheel and we are notified of this behaviour. “Any type of motoring conviction will lead to higher insurance premiums.” Co-Op Insurance said: “‘A conviction for driving without due care and attention could have even more serious implications, [including] a restriction in the number of insurers prepared to offer motor insurance and a significant increase in insurance premiums combined with restricted cover or an increased policy excess until the conviction is spent.”