The Queen entered her Platinum Jubilee year on February 6, the anniversary of the death of her beloved father King George VI and of her accession to the throne. While she did mark the day by issuing a key message on its eve and a new picture on Accession Day itself, the monarch and the country are to celebrate together this milestone during a long bank holiday weekend in June. As the special weekend approaches, one insider claimed Her Majesty isn't someone who enjoys being at the centre of attention. However, due to her prominent position and knowing national celebrations such as the upcoming bank holiday weekend have the power to boost morale and bring the country together, the Queen obliges and takes part in them. The insider told People: "She's not someone who directly enjoys the limelight, but she recognises these anniversaries are moments for people and communities to come together." The Platinum Jubilee celebrations will also serve another purpose on behalf of the world, the insider added. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here They said: "It's a big thank-you moment". The Queen is the first English monarch to have ever reigned for 70 years. The Royal Family has already started to mark this milestone by taking part, alongside members of the public, in the Queen's Green Canopy project, which invites people to "plant a tree for the Jubilee" in a bid to create a lasting legacy and memento of this year. Four tours abroad are also in the pipeline, through which the Firm will be able to celebrate the Jubilee year across the world. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s common skin complaint left her bullied as a teenager Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William are the first royals to embark on one of these tours, travelling to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, will spend three days in Ireland at the end of March. On the other hand, the Earl and Countess of Wessex will visit Antigua and Barbuda, Grenada, St Lucia, and St Vincent and the Grenadines in late April, shortly after Princess Anne's trips to Papua New Guinea and Australia. DON'T MISS But the bulk of the celebrations will take place between June 2 and 5, with festivities including the return of the Trooping the Colour parade to central London. Over the past two years, the parade had taken place in a streamlined version in the Quadrangle at Windsor Castle due to the pandemic. The royals, including the Queen, are expected to come together also at St Paul's Cathedral, where a service of thanksgiving has been scheduled. Moreover, Her Majesty will likely attend in person the Derby at Epsom Downs, the only major horse race one of her horses have yet to win. The Platinum Jubilee Pageant and a concert at Buckingham Palace have also been announced. The celebrations for the Platinum Jubilee mark only the latest record broken by the Queen during her long reign. In September 2015, she became the longest-ruling monarch in UK history, overtaking her great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria. She is also the longest-serving female sovereign in the world. To become the longest-reigning monarch in history, the Queen would need to retain her position for a little more than two years, as King Louis XIV of France, acceding to the throne when he was just a child, ruled for 72 years and 110 days. However, the sovereign is on track this year to overtake the two other monarchs who have reigned longer than her so far - Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej, who remained on the throne for 70 years and 126 days, and King Johann II of Liechtenstein, who reigned for 70 years and 91 days.