Dr Michael Mosley has enough tips for weight loss to last a lifetime. And he's stressed the importance of one micronutrient in-particular that is absolutely crucial. The biggest driver of appetite is: protein. Dr Mosley used an experiment by two leading Australian academics, Prof David Raubenheimer and Prof Steve Simpson, as an example to highlight the importance of the micronutrient. The pair found that a lack of it in diets is a major driver of the current obesity epidemic, if not consumed properly. And the creator of The Fast 800 diet plan agreed. READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble Dr Mosley said: "If you don’t get enough protein in your diet, then you will develop cravings and overeat in a largely unconscious attempt to hit critical protein targets. "They say that we need to consume around 15 to 20 percent of our daily calories in the form of protein. "This amounts to around 100 grams of protein, if you are eating the normal 2,000 to 2,500 calories a day." Prof Raubenheimer and Prof Simpson's "protein leverage hypothesis" suggests that the main reason people are putting on weight is because "we are surrounded by ultra-processed foods that are typically rich in fats and carbs but low in protein". DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] So, in simple terms, people overeat to try and satisfy protein hunger. Dr Mosley pointed out that the 22 healthy volunteers used in the professor's experiment consumed 210 more calories per day when they were on a low-protein diet than they did on a high-protein diet. "Do that on a regular basis and you would soon find yourself piling on the weight," the author wrote for Science Focus. "The volunteers also reported feeling hungrier a couple of hours after eating the low-protein breakfast, despite eating the same number of calories as on higher protein days. "That is certainly what I find. "When I eat eggs or fish for breakfast, I stay full until lunchtime. "But if I eat the same number of calories in the form of cereal or toast, I am craving a snack by mid-morning." Eggs, fish, meat and tofu are all rich in protein and can help build muscles, enzymes and much of the infrastructure of our bodies. Eating enough of it is absolutely vital for growth and repair. Currently, the government guidelines for protein consumption is around 50g per day; a future Dr Mosley labelled "way too low". "You need more protein after the age of 60 because your body is less able to absorb and utilise it," he explained.