 The UK government recently announced their scheme allowing close relatives of Ukrainian people settled in the UK to come over will be widened to include adult parents, grandparents, children over 18 and siblings. The changes come following criticism the UK is doing less than EU countries. However, many still believe the government could be doing more. Dr Alan Mendoza and Susanna Reid struggled to agree on Wednesday’s Good Morning Britain as they discussed the UK’s response to refugees from Ukraine.   Susanna insisted the UK is a “compassionate country” and questioned whether the public are happy with how the government has responded to the Ukrainian refugees so far. The presenter questioned: “How popular, Doctor Mendoza, do you think the UK government position is? “We’ve taken back control of our borders and this is a clear independent position. “But, we’re a very compassionate country. We want to welcome with open arms people who are facing imminent bombardment or starvation. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv?  “You suggest that actually we encourage people to flee at the point where Ukraine wants them to stay. “There are serious numbers of people who face losing their lives if they’re not given safe sanctuary,” Susanna commented. Alan responded: “The key thing here is that we are compassionate people. “At no point is anyone saying that this is a final position on refugees.    “Now, the European Union has opened up a very generous scheme so we’ve got all the countries of the European Union which already offer a haven. “It’s not that Britain is the only place where people can go. I’m not saying that down the line we shouldn’t change tactics. “But, right now it is not the most sensible thing to have pictures of millions of Ukrainians streaming into London, Paris, and Berlin, when Kyiv is standing resolute against the Russian aggressor,” he explained. However, Susanna hit back: “Yes, but we see those pictures anyway. I mean, we can’t cover our eyes and pretend it’s not happening.” DON'T MISS...‘Give us a chance!’ Ukrainian tennis star pleads with the west for help [MUST SEE]The Crown star speaks out on accepting Prince Andrew role [WATCH]Fern Britton admits to missing 'chaos' of This Morning [INSIGHT] “Well that’s why I think we should do something better on the ground than what we’re doing right now,” Alan argued. The debate seemed to divide viewers, with many taking to Twitter to share their thoughts. Some agreed with Susanna the UK should be welcoming refugees from Ukraine with open arms. “UK are a disgrace compared to other countries on helping Ukraine. Makes me ashamed. Scotland is willing to help refugees WM is not. #GMB,” @brawday said.    However, others argued the UK government should first focus on their own struggling citizens. “To the government housing hundreds of thousands of refugees in nice warm safe rooms. How about housing our own too instead of leaving them on the street in the cold and rain? Shame on you all. #gmb," @rikbikboo commented. “#GMB It amazes me that the UK Government can again find MILLIONS to assist Refugees but not for UK Citizens who can't access decent Housing or funds to survive @GMB," @DollyWishes1 fumed. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 