Rachael South is one of the many experts that come and go in The Repair Shop, joining the rest of the gang whenever there is a project that falls under their speciality. Rachael's skills lie in the caning, restoration and upholstering of chairs. Prior to the BBC series, Rachael has had plenty of experience in this field. Rachael is a third-generation caner, first inspired to take on the profession by her dad Terry. She went on to study the craft of Textiles at London Guildhall University before going on to run her own business. Rachael took over the company from her dad which is now called Rachael South Upholstery and Seatweaving. According to her website, she aims to "apply traditional technical excellence with a contemporary execution". READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Speaking about where her passion for the work came from, Rachael told Spitalfields Life: “My dad taught me caning when I was 14. "I used to go along to his workshop and I liked it because I’m quite a patient person and the upholsterers were a good laugh.” She went on to travel around India, Europe and Central America for more experience working with weavers to improve her skills. Rachael is also passionate about recycling and sustainable living, thus why she enjoys breathing new life into old furniture. Rachael has made a number of appearances on The Repair Shop since 2018. Unfortunately, much like many of the other stars of the heartwarming series, little is known about her personal life, including her age. It is widely believed though that Rachael is in her mid-30s. She has managed to keep her life out of the spotlight, despite being very active on social media. DON'T MISS...Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION]'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [CAST]The Repair Shop's Jay Blades concerned for 'overwhelmed' guest [EXPLAINER] Rachael currently has almost 5,000 followers on Instagram where she shares pictures of her work. Besides a few pictures of herself, there are next to no photographs of any of her loved ones online. But it is thought that she does have a German Shepherd as her most recent post shows the pooch acting as her "helper for the day". Rachel will be putting her skills to the test in a re-run of a season five episode of The Repair Shop which airs on Wednesday, March 16, at 8.30pm on BBC One. The synopsis reads: "Caner Rachael South restores a beautiful wicker cradle that has been in use for generations. "With a new addition to the family on the way, the owner hopes to be able to pass it on to her grandchild and keep the heirloom alive." But will Rachael rise to the challenge and get the cradle as good as new again? The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.