While orchids are generally easy to care for, they need to be repotted to give the plant fresh soil. Repotting will mean the plant receives fresh nutrients from the new soil as well as providing it with a bigger pot to grow in. How do you repot an orchid successfully? Experts at BabyBio® told Express.co.uk: "Generally, most orchids need to be repotted every year or two, and the best time of year to do this is usually a couple of weeks after it has finished flowering, before new growth begins. “You’ll know it’s time to repot your orchid when the root system becomes tight and tangled, and you spot white roots growing out of the container. “Another sign your orchid might need repotting is if its roots are beginning to rot, or appear soft and brown, as this could be a sign that your compost is no longer draining effectively.” In their natural habitat, orchids either grow on trees or grow on rocks. READ MORE: Flowers: ‘Handy trick’ to keep ‘blooms thriving for longer’ Most orchids therefore grow high up in the rainforest treetops on rough bark instead of soil. Because of this, the experts recommended using the correct type of compost when repotting the plant. Using the correct compost can help prevent the plant from becoming waterlogged, a big killer in houseplants. They added: “When potting your orchid, start by taking a bark-based orchid compost which promotes aeration to the roots and drainage, and cover it in boiling water in a large bucket. DON'T MISS:‘Simple’ ways to ‘help a lawn look its best’ without cutting it [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes [COMMENT]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [INSIGHT] “Allow the mixture to sit for half an hour, then drain. “Next, remove your orchid from its current pot by tipping the container to the side and gently teasing the plant and its roots free.” Once it has been removed from the pot, it should be put down on a clean surface. Any compost mix which has gathered at the root ball should be removed. BabyBio® added: “Using a clean, sharp pair of scissors or pruner, cut off any dead roots that aren’t firm and plump. “Orchids are susceptible to disease, so it’s important to make sure your tools are sterilised. “Add a little of the potting mix to the bottom of the new container, then place the orchid in the pot so that it sits comfortably level with the top of the container and fill the gaps around the side with more potting mix. “Consider using a clear plastic pot so that you can monitor root health easily.” Lastly, orchid owners should trim the aerial roots that doesn’t fit into the new pot with clean and sharp scissors. The experts continued: “Water every couple of weeks by adding Baby Bio® Orchid Food to lukewarm water and pouring into the outer pot. “Leave it to soak for an hour then remove the inner pot to drain for a further hour." Other houseplants including Swiss cheese plant as well as the Devil’s Ivy also need to be repotted every one or two years. Signs they need repotting include roots sticking out of the drainage holes.