Spring is the time where the growth of weeds increases due to the warmer weather. These pesky plants can rob others of light, nutrients and water which is why it is important to get rid of weeds as soon as they appear. Although there are numerous weed-busting pesticides available to buy, some gardeners prefer to keep things organic in their garden. This is where homemade weed-busting hacks step in to stop weeds from attacking your green space. According to Jill Nystul, the woman behind home and lifestyle website OneGoodThingJillee, there is a natural homemade method that is “cheap” and “effective” for “fighting” weeds. The trick involves mixing together two cups of white vinegar, two tbsp of salt and one tsp of washing up liquid. Gardeners should begin by adding the vinegar, salt, and washing up liquid to a spray bottle before replacing the sprayer top and shaking gently to mix. READ MORE: Gardening jobs to do in April from mowing to planting Next, the solution needs to be sprayed onto weeds as soon as gardeners notice them. Jill advised: “Be careful of overspray to avoid singeing any grass around the weed. “For best results, spray the weeds on a warm, sunny day.” The expert detailed how each ingredient of the solution helps to kill weeds. DON'T MISS: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [TIPS] 'Swear by it': Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove weeds from driveway [COMMENT]Cleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease [INSIGHT] Jill said: “The acetic acid in household vinegar works to help fight against weeds in two ways. “First, it burns the weed on contact and second, it lowers the pH of the surrounding soil, making it harder for the weed to survive the encounter.” The addition of dishwashing soap thickens the formula and helps it adhere to weeds, according to the expert. Jill added: “Straight vinegar is relatively thin, and on its own, might drip right off or evaporate before it has time to do enough damage.” As for the salt, this gives the DIY weed killing solution a bit more “oomph”. The gardening enthusiast added: “Salt is highly effective, especially on a sunny day, at drawing out moisture. “When combined with vinegar, it helps to burn and dry out weeds, reducing the chances that the weed can reestablish itself. “With these powerful yet widely available ingredients, the result is a DIY homemade weed killer that’s cheap to make, easy to use, fast acting and non-toxic to humans and pets.” Jill also suggested using newspaper or mulch and boiling water to “eliminate” weeds. She said: “Weeds need sunshine and air to grow, which you can use to your advantage when you want to eliminate them. “Use a weed trimmer or mower to level them off, then use a ground cover like newspaper, landscape fabric, or organic mulch on top of them. “Without access to sun and air, the weed can’t grow or produce new seeds and will eventually die. “If weeds are a problem in the cracks of your sideways or driveway, boiling water makes a quick and easy solution. “Boil a kettle of water, then take it outside and pour it directly onto weeds to kill them instantly.”