SNP Ian Blackford asked the Prime Minister for insight on the impending Spring Statement the Chancellor is due to deliver in the Commons. The Scottish politician asked about the planned National Insurance price hike as he warned many Brits are facing poverty due to this increase, along with the cost of living. But Boris Johnson urged him to be patient, branding him "Mystic Meg" for asking his questions mere minutes before Chancellor Sunak's intervention.  Mr Blackford said: "These families have no room for manoeuvre but the truth is, that the Chancellor does. "Lower borrowing and increased taxes mean that he is sitting with £20b to spend today. "But instead, this Chancellor is making a political choice, the choice to push people further into hardship by hiking taxes. "Cutting Universal Credit and giving companies free rein to slash workers pay, through fire and rehire.  JUST IN: Petrol prices soar: RAC warns penny pinching Brits hit by record-high prices at the pump "So the test for the Prime Minister is this... Will the Government use the full £20b they're sitting on to scrap the National Insurance tax hike, and put money into people's pockets?"Or will he simply make this Tory poverty pandemic even worse?"Mr Johnson said: "I just advise Mystic Meg over here that he has only ten minutes to wait until he'll have the answer to that question Mr Speaker."Mr Sunak later issued his Spring Statement, outlining a series of measures aimed at boosting the economy and helping struggling Brits.The Chancellor has cut fuel duty by 5 percent and claimed 70 percent of workers will now get a tax cut by raising the threshold to £3,000.   READ MORE: Rishi Sunak and his wife's huge fortune including spectacular Yorkshire mansion     Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown commented on the Spring statement.Ms Morrissey said: “The Chancellor has been steadfast in his determination to implement the Health and Social Care levy, but his actions today have at least helped lower earners by raising the threshold at which they would have to start paying it."These actions will put some money back in their pockets at a time when costs are on the rise."However, by lifting the threshold, care must be taken that workers earning less than £12,570 per year do not lose access to vital National Insurance credits for state pension."The state pension forms the backbone of most people’s retirement and therefore, they should ensure they do not incur gaps unnecessarily, that mean they end up with less in retirement. DON’T MISS: Prince Harry suffers 'embarrassment and distress' after 'feeding frenzy of hostility Ms Morrissey added: "Many benefits come with automatic National Insurance credits. "For instance, Child Benefit, Universal Credit and Job Seekers Allowance will credit you automatically. Other benefits such as statutory sick pay will give you credits if you apply for them. "It is, therefore, vital people worried they may no longer be getting National Insurance credits check to see what benefits they are entitled to, so these credits can be made."A further option for people looking to plug gaps in their state pension record is to buy voluntary National Insurance credits."Each missing year costs around £800 and will give you 1/35th of your entitlement."Over the course of retirement, they can be a very good value way of boosting your state pension entitlement.” 