Having starred in Zack Snyder’s Man of Steel, Batman v Superman and Justice League, Henry Cavill has been a fan favourite Clark Kent despite the mixed reactions to those DC Extended Universe movies. Since then, his future in the Warner Bros franchise has remained unclear even though the star has said on multiple occasions he’d be up for a return. However, a new report shockingly claims the superhero is being retconned from the timeline in Ezra Miller’s The Flash. WARNING: POTENTIAL SPOILERS AHEAD. The 2023 movie will see The Flash travel back in time in an attempt to save his mother’s life, only to mess around with the multiverse. The film is set to feature both Ben Affleck’s Batman and another version of the Dark Knight played by original star Michael Keaton. Not only this but in the first teaser trailer, Barry Allen was seen standing next to a variant of himself and Sasha Calle’s Supergirl. It’s the latter who a new report claims will be replacing Cavill’s Superman in the new blockbuster. Screen Geek claimed: “According to our sources, newly cast Supergirl actress Sasha Calle is playing the Kara Danvers version of the character and will replace Superman actor Henry Cavill as the DCEU’s last survivor of Krypton. In the new rebooted timeline, the Kryptonian villain Zod kills Cavill’s Superman as a baby.” Calle’s Supergirl is rumoured to be Kara Danvers aka Kara Zor-El, the cousin of Clark Kent aka Kal-El If true, this would be very disappointing for The Witcher star’s fans, although it doesn’t mean he’s gone for good. There’s evidence that Cavill could at least cameo in The Flash or have a small role like Batfleck before the timeline changes. Earlier this month, a Twitter user called AJ, who has posted set photos from The Flas,h tweeted: “I won’t post IMDb, but we found the IMDb of the person who posted Flash and Black widow set photos, who said Henry Superman was on set. Their IMDB confirms that they’re on Flash, worked on Black widow, no time to die, and other films.” Adding to the speculation, that should all be taken with a pinch of salt, producer Barbara Muschietti may have hinted at Cavill’s inclusion as Superman in the movie. After giving an update on The Flash last October, she liked the comment: “Really excited for the film! Still [praying emoji] that we get a Henry Cavill Superman cameo!” DON'T MISSNext James Bond: Henry Cavill responds to 007 story pitch – WATCH [HENRY CAVILL]Henry Cavill ‘wants more’ Superman but ‘studio want Michael B Jordan’ [SUPERMAN]Morbius end credits scenes: Michael Keaton Vulture wants Sinister Six [MORBIUS] Aside from Supergirl, the DC movies are also introducing Batgirl, as played by Leslie Grace in her own HBO Max solo movie later this year. Interestingly, Keaton’s Batman is also in this film, so perhaps he’ll be mentoring her. The Flash hits cinemas on June 23, 2023. SOURCE