Penetrating damp is when moisture develops through the walls and roof or below the flooring of buildings. If left untreated, penetrating damp can cause structural problems and damage to the aesthetics of a home. It’s important homeowners know what to look out for when it comes to damp to ensure there isn’t a serious underlying issue. Property experts at Homebase UK said in a 2017 video that there are “several types of damp” that can cause “serious damage” to a home. They continued: “Penetrating damp is caused by water seeping through the walls. “You may see damp patches appear when strong winds drive rain against the wall of your house and disappear when the weather improves. “Look out for damp patches on the ceiling around your chimney breast. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home “If damp appears here it could mean that flashing, which seals the joint between your chimney stack and roof, may have cracked or become dislodged.” To fix loose, cracked or dislodged flashing, homeowners will need to refit or replace it. Damp patches upstairs on ceilings when there is heavy rain could be sign of roof problems. Broken or missing roof tiles allowing water to creep in can lead to damp patches on ceilings. DON'T MISSLaundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [INSIGHT]Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [UPDATE]Garden weeds: Use Epsom salt to ‘effectively’ kill weeds - ‘amazing!’ [ANALYSIS] A roofing expert will be able to check whether this is a problem. However, if the inner side of an external wall shows signs of widespread damp, which spreads even further in wet weather, this may mean older bricks have become porous and are allowing water to penetrate through the wall. To fix this, homeowners may need to replace or repoint the bricks. The Homebase experts also suggested treating the area with “exterior silicon water repellent fluid”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea They continued: “If your brickwork isn't causing the problem, mortar on a wall tie in the cavity could be bridging the gap and allowing water to cross to the inner wall. “If you notice damp patches around your windows, water might have fallen out of the gap between the wall and window frame. “To fix this, seal gaps with a flexible frame sealant.” Exterior window sills should also have something called a “drip groove” on the underside.  This should stop rainwater running under it and onto the wall. Damp patches along the underside of a window frame is a sign that a groove may need to be cleared. The experts added: “If there isn't a groove, glue and nail a hardwood strip about six millimetres squared to the underside of your wooden sill about 35 millimetres from the front edge. “This will stop water from reaching your wall.”