Naomi Osaka has revealed she is in therapy after being heckled in Indian Wells. The former world No 1 has been open about her mental health in recent months, last year opting not to partake in press conferences at the French Open before withdrawing from both that event and Wimbledon for her wellbeing. Osaka has played little tennis in the last year, mostly to protect her mental wellbeing. Her decision not to attend press conferences at last year's French Open drew so much criticism that the 24-year-old withdrew from the tournament and also skipped Wimbledon. She then ended her season and took an indefinite break from tennis after revealing her love for the game had disappeared after a third-round exit at the US Open. She returned in Australia this season with a new mindset but suffered a difficult experience during her second-round match at Indian Wells when a spectator shouted out: "Naomi, you suck," early in the first set, leaving the four-time Grand Slam champion fighting back tears as Veronika Kudermetova defeated her 6-0 6-4. The current world No 77 is now back at the Miami Open and had a warm welcome in her first match as she defeated Astra Sharma 6-3 6-4, with the crowd instead telling Osaka they "loved" her. The 24-year-old momuntarily addressed the incident after her win in Miami, admitting her last match wasn't the "greatest memory". And speaking after booking her spot in round two, Osaka revealed that the heckling had been the thing that pushed her to "finally" start therapy. JUST IN: Nadal's 'plans' before French Open teased after Spaniard's injury blow  “I don’t know if I’m allowed to say this, but I finally started talking to a therapist after Indian Wells,” the seven-time title winner admitted in her post-match press conference. "It only took like a year after the French Open. She kind of told me strategies and stuff. I realise how helpful it is. I’m glad that I have people around me that told me to, like, go in that direction." Explaining what she took from her therapy sessions into the win over Sharma, Osaka continued: "I was basically just remembering all the things that she told me to do, just to take deep breaths and reset myself when I need to." The 24-year-old also said it was her sister who had encouraged her to seek professional help, with her coach Wim Fissette also getting behind the idea. DON'T MISSDjokovic wins appeal against Paris ban after Indian Wells withdrawalKyrgios fires threat to Rublev with Aussie 'underdog' at Miami OpenBarty hints at tennis retirement U-turn as she teases future in golf  "Honestly because my sister kind of, like, seemed very concerned for me," the former world No 1 said, opening up on the reason she had started therapy. "I don’t know. Like I feel like I’ve been trying a lot of different things because I tend to internalise things, and I also want to do everything by myself. "Wim kind of put it in a really good way. He was like, ‘You hire a coach for tennis, for fitness. The mind is such a big thing. If you can, like, get a professional to help you out .5 per cent, that alone is worth it.'" 