Dishwashers are pricy to install and run, but it’s all worth it when you never have to do the washing up by hand. However, these machines can be temperamental and it’s not uncommon for some dishes or cutlery to come out of the dishwasher unclean. Why is my dishwasher not cleaning properly? Here are the three possible reasons why. Dishwashers are a timesaver and a luxury, but you rarely appreciate these machines enough until they break. If your dishwasher has stopped cleaning dishes properly, it’s time to inspect the machine and find out what the problem is. Express.co.uk reveals four reasons why your dishwasher might not be working properly, based on common problems, according to Finish. READ MORE-Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home If you’re seeing white spots on your glasses and dishes, this is probably due to the minerals found in hard water. The experts at Finish said: “To prevent this, make sure you check your appliance's salt levels, top up your rinse aid and use Quantum Ultimate detergents which offer built-in protection against spots and marks while delivering a sparkling shine.” Another way to beat hard water in the dishwasher is to leave a cupful of white vinegar on the top rack of your dishwasher the next time you run it. This will clean hard water stains and get rid of calcium and limescale in your dishwasher. If your cups taste salty after being washed in the dishwasher, you might have overfilled your machine’s salt dispenser. The experts at Finish said: “If you spill any dishwasher salt when you’re refilling, make sure you flush it away. “Always check that the lid of the dispenser is on tight and that nothing is leaking during the wash. “Finally, if the problem persists, you may need to call an engineer as a valve that allows water into the machine’s softener could be blocked.” DON'T MISS...Mrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [INFORMER]How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do [INSIGHT]Mattress cleaning: The easy ingredient for a 'real deep clean' [EXPLAINER] If your dishes are still covered in bits of food and need to be washed by hand afterwards, you’ve probably got a stacking issue. This is totally solvable. It’s likely that you’ve overloaded the machine, stacked your plates too close together or put items on top of one another. This will obviously prevent them from getting washed because it’s minimising water circulation. Food-covered plates could also be caused by a problem with the spray arms. Finish suggested: “You may want to check that the spray arms are not blocked. “To do so, run some water through them to see if any of the small holes are compromised by dirt and food debris. “If they are, simply use a toothpick to clear them. Next, give the filter a wash to ensure that the dirty water can drain away properly. “Before you use the machine again, use Finish Dishwasher Cleaner to get rid of any grease and limescale which may have been building up in your appliance. Always remember, a clean dishwasher means clean dishes!”