Last weekend the UK issued a firm warning to Russian President Vladimir Putin that if a “single toecap” sets foot on NATO territory, it would lead to war between the alliance and Moscow. Owing to fears that the conflict could spill beyond Ukraine’s borders, NATO has declined committing troops to the war. But as the fighting edges closer to NATO territories, it could become increasingly difficult for all-out war not to develop. Last Sunday Russia fired around 30 cruise missiles at the Yavoriv military base, less than 15 miles from Ukraine’s western border with Poland - one of 30 NATO members. The attack killed at least 35 people and blocked roads leading up to the facility with checkpoints as authorities conducted search-and-rescue operations. In the aftermath, Health Secretary Sajid Javid issued a blunt warning to Russia against any attack on NATO countries. He told Sky News: “We have been very clear, even before the war started, that if there was an attack on any NATO country, even if just a single toecap of a Russian soldier steps into NATO territory, then it will be war with NATO and NATO would respond.  READ MORE: Putin will be 'UNDERMINED' as 'money talks' on oil and gas “That has not changed throughout this conflict and there would be a significant response from NATO if there was any kind of attack from Russia.” Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky has said that “it is only a matter of time” before Russian missiles fall on NATO territory, and has urged the alliance once more to impose a no-fly zone against Putin’s forces over Ukraine. NATO to this point has outright refused his request over fears that it would likely lead to a new global war. But if NATO territory was attacked by Russia, would that force the alliance to step in?  An act of military aggression by Moscow - such as troops setting foot in NATO territory - would be deemed as an attack on the alliance, and trigger Article 5 of its charter. According to Article 5, when a country with membership status is attacked, other allies must come to its aid. The military alliance stated on its website that “the principle of collective defence is at the very heart of NATO’s founding treaty”. Collective defence means that an attack against one ally is considered as though it was aimed at all members.  DON'T MISS: Ukraine: Russia demands return of Alaska and Californian fort [NEWS]Have Your Say: Should UK sanction ALL nations who deal with Putin? [POLL]The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [INSIGHT] In other words, an attack on one NATO country would be seen as an assault against all 30 member states. The alliance has taken collective defence measures on several occasions, including in response to the situation in Syria and the Russian attack on Ukraine. Use of nuclear weapons by Russia against Ukraine could also potentially draw NATO into the war. The fear of such arms being used in a new global war has played a significant role in NATO’s cautious approach to the war.  But if Moscow were to use nuclear weapons in Kyiv, it could force NATO to become involved with the fighting. Since the war began, Russia has alleged that Ukraine has been seeking to acquire nuclear weapons. Moscow’s Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, said: “Ukraine still has Soviet technologies and the means of delivery of such weapons. We cannot fail to respond to this real danger.” Mr Lavrov provided no official evidence to back up his claims, but Russia could still possibly use it as a pretext to introduce nuclear weapons to the conflict. 