Directed by Sam Raimi, the film will team-up Benedict Cumberbatch’s Doctor Strange with Elizabeth Olsen’s Scarlet Witch as they travel into the multiverse following the events of Spiderman: No Way Home. With the film's release being just over a month away, Marvel has still not confirmed who the official villain will be. Many fans have speculated that more than one will show up, similar to No Way Home, and the latest trailer seems to hint that Wanda joins them.   Rumours of Wanda turning into a villain have been swirling since the WandaVision post-credits sequence which saw her using the Darkhold to practice her chaos magic, something which made a return in the initial Doctor Strange 2 teaser trailer. In the initial teaser, Wanda could be seen with dark fingertips hinting at the Darkhold’s power over her and the new trailer seems to have furthered this theory with a few major hints at her becoming a potential threat to the Avengers. One of the biggest hints being when she confronts the hypocrisy surrounding her and Doctor Strange actions regarding the Multiverse, as she tells Strange: "You break the rules and become a hero. I do it, I become the enemy. That doesn't seem fair.”  Later on in the trailer, she is seen returning to Westview, the town she held hostage, to comfort a broken Scarlet Witch, hinting at her continued journey of loneliness and grief. Wanda can also later be seen battling what appears to be the MCU’s Illuminati while she is covered in blood. If this is the case, then the introduction of the group into the film could be down to Wanda’s actions in Westview as they want her to be held accountable. While they are all small hints at Wanda’s potential role in the film, the MCU has laid the groundwork for Wanda to become a full-blown villain. With the Multiverse now officially being part of the MCU, it would make sense for Wanda’s journey to getting back her children who she could hear at the end of WandaVision. With Doctor Strange 2 picking up after the events of WandaVision, which saw her completely alone after losing Vision and her twin sons, Tommy and Billy, it wouldn’t be hard to assume that she would use the Multiverse to get back what was taken from her. MCU and comics Wanda has previously toed the line between hero and villain, and WandaVision showed the lengths the character would go to keep her family. Wanda’s true nature will be revealed when Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness is released on Friday, May 6.