MADONNA's extraordinarily youthful looks had jaws dropping when they caught the remake of her legendary video Frozen. It was almost as though time had stood still in the years since its first release. Close-ups of the 63-year-old in the 20 second long video she teased on her Instagram account revealed plump cheeks and flawless, line-free skin. Madonna sported extra long hair and the appearance of someone no more than half her age. "Video for Frozen Re-mix feat. @fireboydml," she wrote on the account, adding flame emojis to punctuate her point. "OUT NOW! Go to YouTube!!!!" READ NOW: The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea addresses 'pressure' behind scenes This isn't the first remake of Frozen - late last year, a Sickick remix of the song had gone viral on Tiktok, leading Madonna to release it in December. Now she has updated the track yet again, with 26-year-old Nigerian singer Fireboy DML making an appearance on the video and the track. The star also released behind the scenes footage of the making of the video, where she rocked an all-black vinyl and velvet outfit, accented by multiple religious-style cross necklaces. In one of the photos, her collaborator @fireboydml clasped his hands around her belly. Yet Madonna bringing both fire and ice to the nation's computer and phone screens hasn't pleased everybody. In fact, many of her recent social media photoshoots have seen followers brand her a "fake teenager" or report that they were longing to see her "real face". Celebrities including rappers Nelly and 50 Cent have made public comments about the singer's risqué photos leading Madonna to fight back against them. After 50 Cent mocked her look, she posted a photo of the pair of them together almost 20 years earlier, labelling him a fake friend. DON'T MISS... F1 Christian Horner aims swipe at wife Geri Halliwell [DEBATE] JK Rowling sparks backlash after hitting out at Labour MP [INSIGHT] Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz [LATEST] "Here is 50 Cent pretending to be my friend. Now you have decided to talk smack about me!” she raged. “I guess your new career is getting attention by trying to humiliate others on social media. The least elevated choice you could make as an artist and an adult." She added: "You’re just jealous you won’t look as good as me or have as much fun when you are my age!” She branded his subsequent apology "fake" and described those criticising her as "ageist". On a recent post, she was flooded with comments about her "teenage" appearance and seeming ability to age backwards. "Who tf is this 14 year old? What have you done with Madonna??" @jonnameless had asked. @victoriaskye84 implored: "Can we get some non-facetuned pics? Please." However the pleas for a "natural-looking" photo of the star was shot down by some fans, including @irishmary422, who hit back: "No you can't [see one], unless she chooses to post them! "So stop moaning and deal with it!"