Mark Charnock’s Emmerdale character, Marlon Dingle, will see his life change forever as he is rushed to hospital after suffering a stroke. The storyline, which Mark described as “traumatic”, presented the actor with some challenges as he aimed to portray the experience as accurately as possible. In order to ensure the scenes are as true as real stroke survivors’ experiences, Mark worked closely with the Stroke Association. He also had the help of real life stroke survivor Nick Hounsfield as he navigated the scenes. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media outlets, Mark explained that each stroke is different and can present itself in various ways. Mark said: "Each stroke is profoundly different. “For the story we're telling, there will be 99 other people who say, that is not what happened to me. “You can only tell the one story and hope that you represent faithfully what happens afterwards, and what people will have to go through. “That is where the real responsibility lies.” Speaking of the support from The Stroke Association, Mark continued: “It was extraordinarily helpful. “I’m constantly asking the medical professionals, 'can I do this? What can I do with my good hand at this point?' “It's details that are going to sell the story to people who have been through it. The research has been everything." Mark also had help from a stroke specialist who was working on set with him and the actor has described as “fantastic”. While preparing for the scenes, Mark also had Zoom meetings with doctors and speech therapists who work with the Stroke Association. DON'T MISS...'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid reacts to Ranvir Singh's replacement on GMB [UPDATE]Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason' [LATEST] Mark said the stroke was a “distressing” and “traumatic” experience for Marlon. But he highlighted that the incident will inspire Marlon and his partner, Rhona Goskirk, to “get their lives back.” The TV star also hopes that the scenes will inspire viewers to improve their lifestyles. Mark said: “There’s a great deal of hope that things can only get better from where they are, there’s positivity to be had from it too. “So hopefully apart from it being distressing, traumatic for the characters, also it will inspire them to get their lives back. "And hopefully it will inspire the people watching to maybe change their lifestyles a little bit in order to head this off before it happens to them because it happens to so many people." Zoe Henry, who plays Rhona, described Marlon’s stroke as “a bump in the road” for the couple. She explained: “And Rhona is just doing her best, I mean, like I said every day is a new challenge and I’m sure there’ll be more bumps in the road further down the line.”