York residents and MPs continue to call for the removal of Prince Andrew's title and connection to the city, which has caused people to question whether the same decision should be made for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Royal expert Phil Dampier tweeted: "If the Duke of York is going to have his title stripped from him by the people of York presumably the people of #Sussex should also have a say?" User ArnottRita commented: "Exactly maybe another poll should be made for the people of Sussex to vote on". Another wrote that the Sussex name has been "forever tarnished". However, not everyone agreed as one user said the two situations are incomparable as Prince Andrew was accused of having sex with a minor, whereas Prince Harry took his wife and son "out of the UK to protect them".  It comes after the Duke of York continues to face calls to give up one of his last remaining titles after many York residents say they don't want the Duke to be associated with their hometown. The calls are in light of the Duke's former relationship with disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein and the settlement in his civil sex case brought by Virginia Giuffre. York's daily newspaper The Press previously reported nine in 10 residents in the city want Prince Andrew to be stripped of his Dukedom. York city residents have pressed MPs to pass an Act of Parliament to formally withdraw the title, which was a wedding day present from the Queen in 1986 Labour MP Rachael Maskell, who represents York Central, said Andrew should give up his association with the city out of respect. Earlier this year, she said: "To demonstrate his seriousness in this endeavour, and his respect for those affected by abuse and the people of our city, I would ask that his first act of contrition is to confirm his support for the withdrawal of his ducal title."  READ MORE: Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role Now some people are calling for the same for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex after they stepped down from their senior royal positions in 2020 and moved to the US. It's not the first time people have called on the people of Sussex to give their opinion on the matter, as a petition was created in 2019 by campaigner Charles Ross calling for Brighton and Hove City Council to "reject" the couple's titles. Charles Ross calling for Brighton and Hove City Council to "reject" the couple's titles. The petition was signed by 1,705 people and was set to be debated by the council in 2020. Mr Ross proposed the notion that Prince Harry and Meghan's titles were "morally wrong and disrespectful to the county of East Sussex".  DON'T MISS:Kate broke three of Queen's style rules in just one tour outfit [INSIGHT]Meghan and Princesses Anne & Beatrice share an 'honest energetic aura' [COMMENT]Queen’s Commonwealth ‘not crumbling just evolving’ - poll [ANALYSIS]