The pet was chasing some litter when it fell off the side of the north east face of the summit. The pooch was on a lead and was being supervised by its owners at the time of the devastating incident. The death occurred on the highest peak in South Wales in the Brecon Beacons National Park when the dog pulled away from its owners and fell down the north east face. The Brecon Mountain Rescue Team were called to try and retrieve the pet, but unfortunately, it hadn't survived the significant drop. While the rescue team were attempting to save the animal, members of the public threw stones off the top of the peak.  Those throwing stones reportedly didn't know the rescue team were working on the face beneath them. The mountain rescue team, which is made up of volunteers, confirmed the dog had sustained serious injuries from the fall and sadly didn't make it. A Brecon Mountain Rescue Team spokesman said: "Our thoughts are with the dog’s owners who have experienced this tragic accident through no fault of their own". The rescue team representative also highlighted the importance of keeping dogs on their leads when walking on summits similar to Pen y Fan. READ MORE: UK's only Dalmatian sanctuary forced to close – new home needed The spokesperson said: "During the rescue two dogs were seen off the lead on the summit. "Please keep your dog under control at all times and do not put yourself at risk by going onto the face". They also warned the public never to throw things off the side of mountains. DON'T MISS:Gogglebox's Malones inundated with support after heartbreaking death [INSIGHT]Dog loses leg after being hit by cyclist 'zooming' on multi-use path [COMMENT]Crufts 2022: Why Russian dogs won't be at Crufts [ANALYSIS]  "And please be mindful of what is below when you are on the mountains and never throw anything off cliffs", they added. A Dyfed Powys Police spokesman added: "We received a call at 11am, Monday, March 14, reporting that a dog had run off and fallen over the edge on Pen y Fan mountain. "The Mountain Rescue Team were called and attended the incident.” 