Vladimir Putin's diplomats in London took to social media to claim the photos of a bloodied woman in the rubble of Mariupol were faked. A woman was seen wrapped in a blanket after Russia launched an airstrike attack on the hospital. A separate snap showed her covered in blood, carrying several bags as she walked down some stairs. The bomb, which is said to have been 2,000lbs, left a massive crater in the ground after it hit the medical centre. The Kremlin's unfounded claim came after three people were killed in the strike, including a six-year-old girl. At least 17 are believed to have been injured in the incident. In several now-deleted Twitter posts, the Russian Embassy in Britain suggested the images were faked. JUST IN: Kamala Harris slammed for laughing after question about Ukrainian refugees - ‘Appalling!’ Russia identified beauty blogger Marianna Podgurskaya as the woman pictured. However, it is not yet confirmed if Ms Podgurskaya and the injured woman are indeed the same people. The Russian Embassy in the UK said: "The maternity house was long non-operational. "Instead it was used by Ukrainian armed forces and radicals, namely neo-Nazi Azov Battalion. "Moreover, Russia warned the UN Security Council about this three days ago." Responding to one user who pointed out the woman pictured was pregnant, the Kremlin appeared to suggest the photos were faked by a make-up expert. They replied: "She is indeed. As she has some very realistic make-up. "She is also doing well with her beauty blogs." The Embassy added: "She actually played roles of both pregnant women on the photos. "And first photos were actually taken by famous propagandist photographer Evgeniy Maloletka, rather than rescuers and witnesses as one would expect." DON'T MISS:GB news: Nigel Farage slams orchestra for cancelling TchaikovskyBrexit LIVE: Irish investment hit as EU throws Dublin & Belfast Cambridges leave fans elated as couple show solidarity with Ukraine Britain's Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries lambasted the Kremlin for its post. The Mid Bedfordshire MP said: "This is fake news." Twitter has since taken down the post. A spokesperson from the social media giant said: "We took enforcement action against the Tweets you referenced as they were in violation of the Twitter Rules, specifically our Hateful Conduct and Abusive Behaviour policies related to the denial of violent events."