Harry Kane has been praised for getting over the disappointment of his failed transfer to Manchester City last summer. Kane is on the verge of breaking the all-time England scoring record, something that looked unlikely earlier in the season after a spluttering start. Kane is currently in the form of his career, having bagged five goals and three assists in his last five Premier League games. The striker has helped spearhead an impressive run of form for Antonio Conte's side. The England captain's season started horribly, however, as sections of the Spurs fanbase turned their backs on him after his ugly transfer saga. Kane was late to return to training after failing to seal a move to Premier League champions City. Pep Guardiola seemed desperate to sign the Spurs talisman, but City never did enough to even convince Spurs to listen to any offers. Instead, they ended their interest early and Kane was left to pick up the pieces. JUST IN: Neville blasted for 'childish cheap shots' at Man Utd stars after rant But Jamie Redknapp believes Kane deserves credit for the way he's got over the disappointment of his failed move and turned his form around. Speaking to Sky Sports, he said: "Harry's had a tough Euros, but the Man City element didn't help, coming into it with that on the back of his mind. "Once the season started that affected him. I think now he's in the form of his life, everything about his game is spot on." Kane made a slow start to the Premier League campaign under Nuno Espirito Santo, but seems to be enjoying his football more under Conte. READ MORE: Premier League 'block' Victor Moses transfer deal after Ukraine war Kane went into Saturday's game against Switzerland five goals behind England's all-time top goalscorer, Wayne Rooney. With more international games to come this year, the Spurs man seems on course to break the record before too long. Redknapp's comments were echoed by Karen Carney, who explained the difficulties players face after competing in major tournaments. She said: "He's had criticism but he bounces back, he's going to be the greatest goalscorer we'll have. To have that as your motivation... "He's had a difficult season bouncing back after the Euros, but that shows what a top quality player he is. The record is there for the taking, he's got a lot of a games and opportunities to break it." She continued: "He looks fresh, I think people underestimate how long it takes to recover from tournaments. For us it always took six months. It's the mental side of the game that people don't realise. He's bounced back, he looks lean, sharp, everything is low. He's Mr Reliable. Mr Consistent. That's exactly what England want."