Mikel Arteta's Arsenal side can strengthen their hopes of a top-four finish with a victory over title-challengers Liverpool tonight. Arsenal have won their last five league matches, with Liverpool victorious in their previous eight. Express Sport looks at how Arsenal are expected to line up. Aaron Ramsdale was back to his best in the 2-0 win over Leicester on Sunday. He collected his 10th clean sheet this season as the Gunners eased to victory over Brendan Rodgers' side. Ramsdale produced a smart save to keep Harvey Barnes at bay in the first half. Arsenal will need him on top of his game against the likes of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Diogo Jota tonight. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed today  Arteta is likely to stick with the same back four that has proved successful of late. Takehiro Tomiyasu is unlikely to start even if he is deemed fit enough to be in the squad by Arteta. Cedric Soares has starred in the Japan star's absence in recent weeks and will continue at right-back. Ben White and Gabriel have formed a strong partnership in the middle of defence but will have to keep their wits about them tonight. Kieran Tierney looked somewhere near his best at the weekend. He has maintained his position as first-choice left-back ahead of Nuno Tavares. DON'T MISSChelsea owner Roman Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign [REPORT]Man Utd and Tottenham dealt huge transfer blow as Franck Kessie 'signs' for new club [GOSSIP]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel calls out Boris Johnson over Abramovich comment [QUOTES]  Arteta will likely continue with his new-look 4-3-3 formation. Thomas Partey has excelled as the deeper-lying midfielder in the system since returning from the Africa Cup of Nations. Martin Odegaard and Granit Xhaka have also impressed as the two No 8s. They'll have to be cautious of committing themselves too far forward, with Liverpool's dangerous pace on the counter.  Emile Smith Rowe made a return off the bench against Leicester but Arteta could stick with the same starting front three. Gabriel Martinelli is likely to keep the England star out of the team on the left. Alexandre Lacazette finally opened his account for 2022 and will continue as the main striker. He will be tasked with providing Martinelli and Bukayo Saka with ammunition, as he has done so successfully of late. Arsenal's expected XI vs Liverpool in full: Ramsdale; Cedric, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Odegaard, Partey, Xhaka; Saka, Lacazette, Martinelli. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 