British bedmaker Rest Assured has conducted some research, alongside the UK’s leading colour expert Karen Haller on colours to paint bedrooms with and which ones to avoid. The study found that monochrome colours are proving less popular, and colour is set to make a huge comeback. Karen explained the importance of colour to express an individuals’ personality. She said: “People are using colour to show how they are feeling and express their unique personality, particularly among millennials. “We can all have that millennial attitude. “There’s a big shift in energy across the world right now and we are all becoming increasingly confident. “Rather than following what everyone else is doing, we are saying it’s ok to be different, whether it’s in the clothes we wear or in the way we decorate our homes.” Is there a worst colour to paint a bedroom? READ MORE: Plants: Gardeners are warned against using typical watering method Karen advised homeowners to steer clear of yellow in the bedroom. She said: “Avoid yellow in the bedroom. You’ll notice that hotels will never use it. “Yellow connects to the nervous system. “Ideally, you want a good, restorative night’s sleep, but with yellow, you will wake up irritated.” However, Karen added there are no right or wrong colours to paint your bedroom if it is right for you. DON'T MISS:How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [COMMENT]Orchids: The ‘trimming’ hack to keep your orchids healthy in spring [EXPERT] She said: “If it comes from the heart, it can never be wrong when it’s an expression of you.” What shades are becoming the favourite? Soft green topped the poll as the most restful and relaxing colour. Karen linked the colour green to “safety” making it a perfect shade for the bedroom. She said: “When we see green, we relate it to nature. “Where there is green, there is water, we know there’s food and we feel safe. “Also, our eyes need to make very little adjustment to see green, which is why we find it restful.” This was followed by soft pinks, which people find physically soothing, and, according to Karen Haller, show nurture, care and compassion. The study showed this was favoured by men (12 percent) and women (13 per percent), indicating that both genders are drawn to the colour and its psychology. Karen explained why many people opt for the colour grey in their bedrooms. She said: “When people go back to white - or dare I say it - grey, we are turning the emotional dial down. “You’re desensitising yourself. “In times of political and economical uncertainty, when the world feels like a scary place, people will move away from colour and declutter their homes. “People were hiding behind the grey and the white. “But now we’re going to the other end of the emotional spectrum.”