Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse has taken to Instagram to break her silence on the death of her young niece, Tlhogi. The dance star, 40, reacted after her sister Oti Mabuse had told how she had been left "shattered" by the death in the family as she shared a heartbreaking message about her "beloved" niece earlier today. In view of her 523,000 Instagram fans, Motsi wrote in her stories: "I will not be responding to any questions about the unfortunate sad news in our family. "It is a private matter for me. "Please respect my decision," the star finished her post. Motsi's message comes hours after her sister Oti took to the platform to break the devastating news that her niece had passed away. READ MORE: Tom Hanks felt woke backlash over 'career playing righteous white men' The star shared a string of five pictures of the pair together, along with pictures with her family. The dancing pro captioned the heartbreaking post in view of her 644,000 followers: "How is this the last time I would hold you in my arms. "I am so shattered inside I can’t even begin to describe the pain. "This is not how this was supposed to go. We had plans together, travel the world and dance on a beach in Jamaica for my birthday. "I used to fetch you everyday from crèche, swimming, chess since we were 8." (sic) She continued: "You were only 28 yet the kindest, sweetest human being in my life! I’ve lost my niece, my little sister, my best friend. "Life dealt you the harshest card but you always chose to win, you always fought to come out the other side above it all with a smile on your face. "I love you very much with all my heart and now you’re gone and I feel lost in more ways than one to a pain I’ve never felt before. DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams Boris Johnson for comparing Ukraine war to Brexit [ANALYSIS]Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat [UPDATE] "I used to fetch you everyday from crèche, swimming, chess since we were 8." (sic) She continued: "You were only 28 yet the kindest, sweetest human being in my life! I’ve lost my niece, my little sister, my best friend. "Life dealt you the harshest card but you always chose to win, you always fought to come out the other side above it all with a smile on your face. "I love you very much with all my heart and now you’re gone and I feel lost in more ways than one to a pain I’ve never felt before. Katya Jones added: "I am so sorry to hear about your loss Oti! Sending love and prayers to you and your family!" Meanwhile, Giovanni Pernice left only a series of crying face emojis. Karen Hauer wrote: "Love you. Sending all the love to you and your family." Strictly pro Jowita Przystal left a heart in the comments.  Grief can be overwhelming and you don't have to deal with it alone. Visit Cruse Bereavement Support for advice or call 0808 808 1677.