Living may look fun and easy for members of the Royal Family, but being a royal has many peculiar restrictions. From selfie bans to bedtime etiquette, there are many bizarre orders Kate Middleton and other royals must follow. When it comes to diet, Her Majesty is very particular.  The Queen is not what Britons consider a "foodie", unlike her late husband Prince Philip according to former royal chef Darren McGrady. Speaking to The Telegraph, the chef said: "The Queen not a foodie. "She eats to live, unlike Prince Philip who loves to eat and would stand and talk food all day." The Queen does not approve of royals eating potatoes, according to the former royal chef.  READ MORE: Meghan replaced by Camilla as first of duchess' former patronages Mr McGrady worked at Buckingham Palace as a royal chef from 1982 to 1993, and he told The Telegraph: “No potatoes, rice or pasta for dinner.” The Queen is reportedly not a fan of carbohydrates, so they are never present at the dinner table for any members of the Royal Family. Reportedly, she even follows the strict no-carbohydrate diet when she is eating on her own. Mr McGrady added: “When she dines on her own, she’s very disciplined.  “No starch is the rule." The monarch’s meals are healthy, low-carbohydrate affairs. This usually consists of grilled fish or chicken with two different vegetables or a big bowl of salad. Despite the no-carbohydrate rule, other reports have shown Kate is a fan of pasta, even making homemade pasta to celebrate Princess Charlotte's fifth birthday in 2020.  But the royals must avoid risky foods in public. This includes shellfish which could give the royals food poisoning, and therefore Kate would be banned from consuming this. The Queen still likes to treat herself to something sweet from time-to-time. Mr McGrady claims Her Majesty is a total "chocaholic". He previously said: "She is absolutely a chocoholic.  “Anything we put on the menu that had chocolate on, she would choose, especially chocolate perfection pie.” But, the Queen would not entertain any type of chocolate. According to the former chef, it has to be dark. "She likes chocolate, but only dark chocolate, the darker the better," he added. “She’s not a big fan of milk or white chocolate.” Her Majesty's former pilot has also claimed the Queen would enjoy a tinned Fray Bentos pie on long-haul flights in the 1990s. 