In the past few months, Coronation Street favourites Fiz Stape (played by Jennie McAlpine) and her ex Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) have watched as their daughter Hope (Isabella Flanagan) continues to get herself into more trouble. Despite Tyrone being heartbroken over the fact his love has moved on with newcomer Phill (Jamie Kenna), he has tried to be happy for Fiz for the sake of their children. However, the poor mechanic could be set for more devastation after he learns Fiz and Phill are moving away. In recent scenes, ITV viewers watched as troublesome Hope made it seem like her cousin Joseph Brown (William Flanagan) had gone missing when in fact, she had hidden him in her attic. Shortly after, Joseph left the cobbles to start a new with his grandmother, Linda Hancock (Jacqueline Leonard). Following her latest scheme, Tyrone and Fiz have put Hope into therapy to try and deal with her behavioural problems. However, Fiz has struggled to come to terms with her daughter's naughty behaviour. READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? "So, how did it go?" Evelyn Plummer (Maureen Lipman) asked about Hope's first session. "Yeah, fine I think," Fiz replied. "Hope skipped off to school, didn't she when we dropped her back? "It was a really positive session, wasn't it?" before Tyrone replied: "Yeah, I suppose. "I just sit there through these sessions thinking, 'Just don't say something awful'." Fiz continued: "But Hope typical her just came straight out with it. She told the therapist she didn't really get the why all the adults were so worried about Joseph." "Did she?" Evelyn laughed. "Well, I wouldn't have bought that, would you?" Fiz explained: "The therapist said that she showed empathy towards her cousin." "Empathy?" Evelyn quizzed. "She hid him in the attic." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] Defending her daughter, Fiz went on to add: "Only because she wanted his mum and dad to take notice of him. "We all know she has been in bother before, but this time it wasn't malicious. "It was actually just her being a normal naughty girl." Despite the parent's struggles with Hope, Fiz's relationship with Phill has gone from strength to strength and they are even planning to move in together, much to Tyrone's horror. In scenes set to air next week, Fiz and Phill's renovation plans fall through when he loses his job. Things seem to go from bad to worse for Fiz when the estate agent reveals the sinkhole on the street is putting people off and she needs to drop the asking price on her house. Although, in an unexpected turn, Fiz and Phill are taken aback when they discover the estate agent has lowered the price of the house on Tyrone's instruction. However, the mechanic's generous gesture ends up backfiring on him when Fiz tells him she and Phill going to move into the new house sooner and start some of the jobs themselves. Tyrone is gutted to realise they’ll be leaving Weatherfield so soon, but will he be able to stop them? Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.