Escape to the Chateau stars Dick Strawbridge and Angel Strawbridge have opened up about the “daunting” task of putting on a show. The couple, who are known for their DIY skills at the French chateau, shared this in their latest update with fans of the Channel 4 series. Dick and Angel have just returned home from their six-week tour across the UK, which is the longest they’ve ever been away from the chateau. They were joined by their children Arthur and Dorothy for their show all about how they’ve been renovating their French chateau. Called Dare To Do It, this saw them visiting theatres in Belfast, London, Edinburgh and many more. It came to an end last week with a final show at the London Palladium.  Now the family is back home, they’ve been updating their fans on what’s been going on. In their latest newsletter update, they shared a “humongous overdue hello and update”. Dick and Angel called the tour “an honour, a privilege and a pleasure” as they shared how lovely it was to meet fans. As well as this, they shared some photos of the time spent with their family across the country.  However, the couple also candidly opened up about their opening night was a daunting moment for them. They penned: “In 2019 our tour manager told us that every night must be as good as the first and we have taken this very seriously. “However, there is something different about opening night because there is an underlying feeling of ‘anything can happen’... “Even after two days of rehearsals and testing everything technical is working, there is a small anticipation of the unknown. “It’s daunting and exciting in equal measure!” DON'T MISS... ‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband [INSIGHT]Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [VIDEO]Loose Women's Charlene White weighs in on royal visit [INSIGHT]   They went on to explain how they kept grounded, admitting their children were a big help. The couple continued: “At the start of every show Arthur and Dorothy wait with us in the wings, and that is the best grounding one can get.” The family is now back home and recently shared an update on their Instagram about their homecoming. Writing last Wednesday, they wrote: "We are home...after nearly 6 weeks on the road touring, we arrived back to the Chateau in the early hours of yesterday morning. (sic)  “It's truly been an honour and a privilege and we have loved every second. It's been great to see & meet so many of you and to hug friends and family. “Thank you so much if you came to see us. “We’ve been catching up around the house, unpacking, laundry and having the first goose eggs of the season. "Boy...it's good to be back home.” 