The contemptible conduct of P&O Ferries in sacking its entire UK workforce via a Zoom call, and replacing them with foreign agency staff on lower wages, is our latest exposure to what the 1970s Tory prime minister Edward Heath famously dubbed “the unacceptable face of capitalism”. Instead of the company understanding that its employees are loyal people with families to support and an entitlement to respect, it has treated them like utterly dispensable units of production, to be spat out as soon as a cheaper alternative becomes available. Not all, or even most, private sector businesses behave like this. There are many good employers who understand that they have obligations to their workforces and that this is particularly true when difficult decisions have to be made. By sitting down in advance with trade unions and government officials it is often possible to cushion the blow of job losses by agreeing changes that can reduce the number of posts being axed and tee-up help for those being made redundant to find alternative employment. This does not mean it is anything other than a bitter blow when jobs are lost, but it does help communities recover faster. Major employers, like Indian-owned Tata Steel, are known for consulting in this way when unpalatable decisions need to be made to keep the business viable. But P&O Ferries decided not even to try. Instead, senior management connived in secret to recruit a cheaper workforce – what used to be known as “scab” labour – and sprang the decision on staff, unleashing a plan to march them off vessels. It is almost certainly no coincidence that the company was bought in 2019 by the Dubai-based DP World, which is ultimately owned by the government of the United Arab Emirates, because the lack of respect shown to its workforce is sadly typical of attitudes in the Emirates. This is one of the perils of the economic globalisation we have seen in the 21st century. When employers are removed from the communities inhabited by their staff it becomes easier to regard workers as just another inert factor of production and treat them accordingly. The anger which has greeted the behaviour of the company stretches right across the political spectrum. Working out how to deal with it is more difficult. For starters, cancelling pre-booked trips with P&O Cruises, which some customers have been trying to do, would be perverse. That part of the original P&O empire was sold off some years ago to a completely different company that deserves to be assessed on its own merits and has not mistreated its staff. Neither, alas, would it be practical for the Government simply to ban P&O Ferries from British ports. In fact, we are reliant upon it for transporting 15 per cent of our freight trade. Even the 10-day interregnum the company has announced before its services resume with a new workforce is likely to see shortages occur in the shops, with salads and fruits exported here from Spain expected to be in particularly short supply. It could be that the company has broken UK employment law and may face a wave of lawsuits, but ultimately the deep pockets of its parent company will just see it write more cheques to make aggrieved former staff members go away. In the longer term, ministers can and should now seek to reduce Britain’s reliance on P&O Ferries by awarding more government business to its competitors and ensuring its deplorable conduct will count against it should it make planning applications to expand UK activities. Applying indirect pressure in this manner could yet provoke a change of heart from the company. As Maritime Minister Robert Courts put it: “I can certainly commit to working with all government departments to consider what relationships we have with P&O Ferries.” Ministers should look at outlawing the practice of “fire and rehire” used by unscrupulous employers to drive down pay and conditions. More importantly, they need to understand that allowing British companies, particularly in strategically important sectors, to be bought by foreign investors and sovereign wealth funds is not a cost-free exercise. The P&O debacle shows that far more searching questions need to be asked and watertight guarantees demanded when a money-bags overseas conglomerate next seeks to buy up a celebrated British company.