Lorraine and best-selling author Delia Smith sat down to discuss the chef's new book, which tackles a different subject matter to what her readers would be used to. You Matter: The Human Solution is, penned by the 80-year-old and is a spiritual book that tackles human existence. Opening up about her new book, Delia urged people to slow down and be more present. She said: "I know that human beings, actually together because we are all connected even though we don't sometimes realise it, can achieve anything. "We can achieve peace, and we can achieve unity, but it doesn't come from the top down, it doesn't come from some guru or leader telling us. "It comes from the bottom up. Read More: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty? "All of us have to recognise that we have this dimension to ourselves that we have neglected. The Scottish host found the parallel between what was being said and what the world was going through at the moment. Lorraine commented: "That's so interesting at times like this, having gone through Covid, and now we are facing this horrific situation with the people of Ukraine in particular, and we feel impotent. "We feel like that we can't do anything, but what you are saying..."   Cutting Lorraine off, Delia added: "You can, everybody can." Finding the optimism in the messaging, the daytime host said it was a "positive thing" and gave people "power" in their decisions. Concluding, Delia shared: "When people come together when they become a community, I think it's just amazing. "I'm bowled over. I am deeply, deeply worried and sad, but isn't it a wonderful thing now we are seeing the whole world in solidarity; the whole world is becoming one in this war. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale cancelled: ITV soap taken off air in TV schedule shake-up [LATEST]Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she refuses to watch[LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over staggering valuation of FA Cup medals [LATEST]   The cook's take on life wasn't welcomed by all show viewers, with many thinking she didn't have the best take on the war in Ukraine. Nicole Butterworth tweeted: "Maybe it's just me, but I found the whole Delia Smith section slightly inappropriate given what's going on in the world, and then the cushion comment #Lorraine." @SouthOfAfrica73 added: "I don't know what planet Delia is on. The whole world is not united in this war. "The way black people are being treated is beyond evil #Lorraine."  However, Pete Davis enjoyed Delia's outlook on life: "Delia speaking of oneness and human connection has really brightened up my day. Love you Delia. #DeliaSmith #MeToYouTheHumanSolution." "I agree with Delia Smith absolutely," Janette Humphrey posted. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.