Newcastle United will look to take advantage of a potential exodus at Watford this summer and are eyeing a move for Ismaila Sarr. He is expected to be one of several high-profile departures at the end of the season, regardless of whether Roy Hodgson guides the Hornets away from Premier League relegation. As the season run-in approaches, Watford's survival hopes are bleak. They are sat in 18th, three points behind Everton after playing two more games. And the Hertfordshire outfit must travel to Liverpool, Manchester City and Chelsea in their final nine fixtures. Sarr joined Watford from Ligue 1 club Rennes for a club-record £30million in 2019, and many were surprised he didn't leave after relegation in the 2019/20 campaign. Since his arrival, the 24-year-old has registered 24 goals and nine assists in 86 appearances in all competitions. He is finding the net at a higher rate than in his debut campaign this term, netting five times in 16 league games (0.33 goals p90) compared to his five-goal tally in 28 outings in 19/20 (0.22 goals p90). And he unsurprisingly has suitors, with Watford's exciting attack one of the only positives of another woeful top-flight experience. JUST IN: Tottenham 'eyeing' left-field manager in case Antonio Conte quits According to The Sun, Eddie Howe will continue to receive financial backing from Newcastle's Saudi-backed ownership after splashing £90m on his squad in January. And the Magpies are eyeing a deal for Sarr to add further attacking reinforcements after Chris Wood's £25m arrival at the start of the year. Sarr is 'certain' to leave Watford, even if Hodgson keeps them in the top-flight, and title challengers Liverpool have also been monitoring his situation as Jurgen Klopp seeks to strengthen his attacking depth. Given the Senegalese star's contract at Vicarage Road expires in 2024, he likely won't be prised away for less than the £30m paid for his services three years ago. READ MORE: Van Gaal gives brutal verdict on Man Utd as he urges Ten Hag to snub However, Newcastle have the money to spend, and Sarr has shown enough signs of the current ability and potential of a top-class Premier League player. He won't be the only one to depart either, as Villarreal have been tipped to secure a £25m deal for Emmanuel Dennis, the other standout star in the Watford squad. Also 24, the Nigerian forward has caught the eye after joining from Club Brugge in the summer, scoring nine goals and registering five assists in the league. Relegation back to the Championship would also result in high-earning players like Ben Foster and Tom Cleverley being shown the exit door to control the wage bill. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.