MotoGP 2022 season kicks off this weekend, with the first race taking place in Qatar. Fabio Quartararo is the defending champion, but will face plenty of competition to retain his crown - with Marc Marquez hoping to win his first title in two years. If you want to tune in to the MotoGP 2022 race from Qatar then you'll need access to BT Sport, who will be broadcasting the entire MotoGP season in the UK. You can find the best deals on BT Sport below... The 2022 MotoGP season will also be notable as it's the first season without MotoGP legend Valentino Rossi this millenium. While Rossi's departure is a huge loss for the sport, throughout all classes there will be plenty of reasons for MotoGP fans to be excited about this season. In Moto3 Dennis Foggia will be looking to clinch the title after losing out to Pedro Acosta in a heartbreaking and dramatic way last season.  Acosta, meanwhile, will be looking to make his mark in Moto2 after a jaw-dropping debut campaign in Moto3 in 2021. Acosta is facing stiff competition though, with plenty of riders looking capable of challenging for the Moto2 title including Sam Lowes, Jake Dixon and Augusto Fernandez. And finally in MotoGP the big talking point will be whether Repsol Honda legend Marquez will be able to challenge for the title once again. But the Spaniard will face plenty of rivals vying for the title such as Quartararo and his Yamaha team-mate Franco Morbidelli, the Ducati pair of Francesco Bagnaia and Jack Miller and the Suzukis of Joan Mir and Alex Rins. Besides the start of the MotoGP season, this month will also see Prime Video's highly anticipated Drive to Survive-style documentary MotoGP Unlimited launch. If you want to see this behind-the-scenes look at the 2021 season then you can sign-up to a free Prime Video trial below...  BT Sport has all the action live from the first round of the 2022 MotoGP season today. The latest MotoGP race will be broadcast on BT Sport 2 (Sky HD channel 871, Sky 414, TalkTalk 409, Virgin 528, BT TV 431). Live race coverage from Qatar begins at 11.15am, with the Moto 3 race taking place at 12pm. Moto 2 coverage starts at 1pm with the race at 2.10pm, while for the headline act of the MotoGP build-up will begin at 2.30pm ahead of the race starting at 3pm. BT TV subscribers can also watch all the action beamed to tablets and smartphones via the BT app which is available for both Android and iOS devices. It's worth noting that those who are away on holiday and trying to watch outside of the UK won't be able to use BT due to geo-location restrictions.  If you have a BT TV subscription this problem can be easily fixed by using a recommended VPN (Virtual Private Network). If you're not currently a BT TV customer but can't stand to miss out on the action, you can add the channels to your devices via a BT Sport Monthly Pass. This runs for 30 days and gives you access to all BT Sport channels for £25. The BT Sport Monthly Pass is contract-free and will let you watch BT Sport 1, BT Sport 2, BT Sport 3, BT Sport ESPN and Box Nation on a wide variety of devices. You can access the BT Sport Monthly Pass on smart TVs, laptops, mobile devices, desktops, tablets and consoles. 