If you're breezing through Wordle puzzles and are looking for something a bit more challenging, then Quordle is the game for you. The popular Wordle clone gives players nine attempts to figure out four different words. Needless to say, it's a lot harder than Wordle, which is why Express Online is here to help, courtesy of a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues at the bottom of the page. Good luck, you're going to need it. The aim of Quordle is to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter D. 2. The first word contains just one vowel. 3. Think of swimming... badly Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter H. 2. The second word contains two vowels. 3. Answer 3 is the name of an animal. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter D. 2. The third word contains two vowels. 3. A glass of milk might help you answer this one. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter R. 2. The fourth word contains two vowels. 3. The fourth word is what you do when you respond to something.