Nick Knowles, 59, has hit back at claims that one of DIY SOS’ builds left scattered debris and a pile of rubble behind. The Big Build had taken place in Stoke-on-Trent and created an outdoor space for Fegg Hayes charity Sylvester Community Trust. Nick retweeted a news article containing the claims, which the presenter branded as “shameful”, in view of his 169,000 followers. He added: “This newspaper really can’t help themselves trying to find a negative in a positive. “Probably £400,000 brilliant build to benefit the community. “The pavement repair is arranged with the council paid for by us.” Nick concluded: “Third negative story from this lot. Shameful.” According to a Ted Wright, the BBC show’s production team had been using his parking space. The local man told StopeOnTrentLive that he assumed they would “clear up” after the job. He said: “They should have cleared up for us after they’d finished. “I think they should come back and clear it up. They made us keep off the car park. We did what they asked. “I had to walk halfway down Fegg Hayes Road to get to the allotments. “I don’t know much about how much it cost or anything but we did assume they would clear up after themselves. “But we had no mither from them when they were here. Nick Knowles was a nice bloke.” DON'T MISS...Christian Horner blasted as 'unwatchable' amid F1 backlash [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams Alec Baldwin as he blames Halyna Hutchins for death [LATEST]'You'll be uncensored!' Gary Lineker makes savage dig at Piers Morgan [UPDATE] Last month, Nick appealed for help after facing a lack of interest from Stoke locals to help create the new community building. In a tweet, Nick said the show was still missing many workers before filming commenced the following week. He wrote: “Ok Stoke unusually small response to @DIYSOS build in the area starting 16th Feb & we think it's because the word has not got out. "We've always had a great response in Stoke area before so News, Radio, social media, charity networks please spread the word we need…. (page 1of 2)." He also urged fans with experience in any of the fields mentioned in his tweet to get in touch via the official DIY SOS email. Nick continued: "(Page 2 of 2)@DIYSOS Stoke could use your help on a big community build this month. "We still need landscapers, joiners, Groundworkers, carpenters, multi-trades, electricians & tele handlers & Composite cladding/decking. "If you can help, email diysosstoke@bbc.co.uk."