Royal author Angela Levin said the Duchess of Cambridge "helped save" the Duke after his "dysfunctional" upbringing. Ms Levin said Kate has "encouraged" William and "found things that really make him feel important and worthy". The royal biographer added that the future King spending time with the Middletons has also helped him as a husband and father. Ms Levin told True Royalty TV's Royal Beat: "I think that Kate has helped save William. "I think it was very difficult for him coming out of a dysfunctional family, losing his mum so young and I think he was in a very difficult place. "She has really encouraged him. "Her whole life is to make him happy, I think. "She found things that really make him feel important and worthy rather than just going to cut ribbons. "I think she has helped him to be a husband by introducing him to her own family a lot and spending time with a normal family and being a dad." Prince Charles and Princess Diana divorced in 1996 and William was just 15 when his mother died in a Paris car crash. READ MORE: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event'  William and Kate met when they were students at St Andrew's University. Kate is said to have caught William’s eye when she walked down the catwalk in a see-through dress at a charity fashion show in 2002. They announced their engagement in November 2010. Westminster Abbey was filled with 2,000 guests to see William marry Kate less than six months later in April 2011. DON'T MISSRoyal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan and Harry will have more children? [POLL]Harry and Meghan given ‘brave’ opportunity to win back British public [INSIGHT]Princess Anne's latest outing paid sweet tribute to beloved late royal [ANALYSIS] The bride wore a lace gown designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen, while the groom was dressed in the red tunic of the Irish Guards. Nearly 25 million people in the UK watched the live televised ceremony, with the worldwide TV audience estimated to be two billion. And one million people lined the procession route as the newlyweds took an open-topped carriage to Buckingham Palace after the service. The couple are now parents to Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and three-year-old Prince Louis.