Cristiano Ronaldo being dropped for Sunday's Manchester derby would not be a big deal, according to former Chelsea midfielder Craig Burley. Manchester United are underdogs heading into the trip to title favourites Manchester City. Ronaldo is the Red Devils' leading goalscorer this season but has not always been the first name on the team sheet in his comeback campaign. Ronaldo has been dropped by all three managers he has played under at United this season. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick most recently left the Portuguese out of his starting XI for the 1-1 draw at Burnley last month. Ronaldo has scored just one goal in his 10 appearances in 2022. Burley believes Rangnick could decide to play a pacier forward up top at the Etihad such as Marcus Rashford, with Ronaldo starting as a substitute. TOP STORY: Erik ten Hag 'agreement' emerges as Man Utd explore appointing Ajax boss  Asked if Ronaldo will be dropped, Burley told ESPN: "I think it depends who's available to be honest with you. Not sure about [Edinson] Cavani's situation at the minute. "If you want to play Rashford through the middle and hit on the counter-attack or a pacier player through the middle on the counter-attack, then do it. Do it. "I don't think it's such a big deal benching Ronaldo these days. "Mother nature's catching up with him, he has to be in a team that is dominant and has real quality around him. DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges [REPORT]Liverpool boss Klopp may have given away who he wants to sign if Mane or Salah leave [QUOTES]  "He doesn't have that and he can't do it on his own anymore. So there's every chance he may be left out." Cavani could be an option for Rangnick, with the Uruguayan back after almost a month on the sidelines. “Well it’s good to have him back,” Rangnick told manutd.com “We have one more alternative in a central attacking position but he has been out for three weeks. “That’s also something we have to bear in mind. I don’t think he could play for more than, I don’t know, half an hour.  “He’s ready for that, for coming on as a sub but I don’t think he can be in contention to start that game.” Scott McTominay has not featured of late due to illness but he could also be available. “[It’s] Important to have him available,” Rangnick added. “He’s been training the whole week. “He’s been out one week only but he was really seriously ill and lost some weight. “I think he could be in contention for the starting XI but I will decide on that tomorrow [Saturday] after the last training session.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 