So it's good to hear that the Chancellor has confirmed to the Treasury Committee that the Pension triple-lock guarantee is to return from April 2023, and at an expected 7.4 percent rise - the highest rate since the guarantee was introduced in 2011/12. This is welcome and shows that Mr Sunak appears to have taken in the chorus of complaints. It should also restore faith in the Government, which featured the triple lock in its 2019 election manifesto but abandoned it in 2021 to balance the books after the pandemic. While the state pension will rise by just 3.1 percent this year, the promise of a proper rise in two years is a reassuring and hopeful sign for Britain's pensioners. IN an astonishing twist to the war on Ukraine, Chelsea's owner Roman Abramovich appears to have been poisoned by hardline Putin supporters. After seeking redemption by taking part in peace negotiations with Russia in the Ukrainian capital Kyiv on March 3, the Russian billionaire and also senior Ukraine peace negotiators became ill - an attack that has been blamed on those hoping to sabotage the peace talks. It sounds like a far-fetched spy movie but it is all too plausible.The long list of Russia's poisoning victims over the last two decades includes: ex-spy Sergei Skripal, his daughter Yulia, Dawn Sturgess and others in Salisbury in 2018, Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny in 2020, ex- Ukrainian president Viktor Yushchenko, journalist Anna Politkovskaya in 2004 and critic Alexander Litvinenko, killed in 2006. It shows the utter ruthlessness and depravity of Putin and his security apparatus.The sooner he falls, which he must, the better for the world.  TODAY at 10.30am the memorial service for Prince Philip will be held at WestminsterAbbey.The famously terse Duke of Edinburgh would have hated the fuss but it allows the Queen company which she didn't have at his funeral, held in the depths of Covid almost a year ago. The service will be shortened for the 95-year-old monarch, and she will need a stick due to decreased mobility, leading many to conclude that this will be her last major public appearance. Let us reflect on that, and give praise in her moment of remembrance. 