Charles Leclerc said his car was "broken" when he hit the wall in the second practice session ahead of the Saudi Arabian GP. The 24-year-old clipped the inside wall at turn four and suffered some damage to the front-left of his car. Leclerc sounded very concerned as he conversed with his team over the radio. “My car is broken,” the championship leader said, as he made his way back to the garage. The F1 star cruised back round to the pit lane with just over 15 minutes on the clock. The Monaco native’s time of 1m30.074s put him over a tenth of a second clear over rival Max Verstappen. Lewis Hamilton finished the session fifth fastest, while George Russell came home in sixth. The seven-time champion and Alex Albon narrowly avoided a scary crash during Friday's second practice session at the Jeddah Corniche Circuit. JUST IN: Max Verstappen discusses Charles Leclerc relationship after heated incident as teenagers Albon looked to slightly misjudge one of the corners and approached it too fast as he veered over the kerb. The 26-year-old fortunately managed to steer his car away from Hamilton, who was on a slower lap just in front of him on the track. The incident clearly worried some drivers, with smoke visible from the track. “I can smell burning - is it my car?" a concerned Verstappen said to Red Bull chiefs over his radio in the aftermath of the explosion. However, the Saudi Motorsport Company, the organisers of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, confirmed on Friday evening that the race will go ahead as planned. A statement from the Saudi Motorsport Company read: "We are aware of the attack on the Aramco distribution station in Jeddah earlier this afternoon and remain in direct contact with the Saudi security authorities, as well as F1 and the FIA to ensure all necessary security and safety measures continue to be implemented to guarantee the safety of all visitors to the Formula One STC Saudi Arabian Grand Prix as well as all drivers, teams and stakeholders. "The race weekend schedule will continue as planned. The safety and security of all our guests continues to be our main priority and we look forward to welcoming fans for a weekend of premium racing and entertainment."