The Government provides Pension Credit to people of state pension age who are on low incomes. Those who claim it receive an average of £140 a month. In addition to providing extra income, receipt of Pension Credit also unlocks a range of other benefits, including help with energy and Council Tax bills. However, a large number of people who could benefit from receiving Pension Credit have not claimed, despite being eligible. Greater London Authority estimates that around 96,000 older people who are entitled to top up their income with Pension Credit are not claiming it in London alone. The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has therefore teamed up with Age UK to spread awareness on the benefits of claiming Pension Credit. READ MORE: Couple lives on £1 a day to clear £43,000 debt - read their 'ruthless' money-saving tips Mr Khan said: “The spiralling cost of living is having a huge impact on Londoners, and with bills set to rise further in the coming weeks, this burden is going to become even greater for some of the most vulnerable people in our city. “That’s why I’ve teamed up with Age UK and boroughs to ensure older Londoners are aware of Pension Credit and know how to claim all the money and benefits they are rightly entitled to. “We know that many older Londoners are struggling financially, and many may not know they are eligible for this top up or how to claim it. “I will continue to do all I can to support Londoners, but we need the Government to step forward with urgent measures to help people through this crisis.” DON'T MISSMillions to retire on just £1,000 - bleak outlook as State Pension triple lock is axed [WARNING]‘I cannot afford the price!’ Over 60s vent fury at proposal to scrap free prescriptions [REACTION]Woman explains simple way she earns extra £600 a month – and 'anyone can do it’ [FEATURE] There are two core elements to Pension Credit, known as Guarantee Credit and Savings Credit. Guarantee Credit provides an income top up, to a maximum of £177.10 per week for single pensioners, or £270.30 for couples. Savings Credit provides a lesser amount for people who have more income, paying out up to £14.04 to single pensioners or £15.71 to those with a partner. Pension Credit claimants may also be entitled to a free TV licence once they turn 75. Chief Executive Officer, Age UK London, Abi Wood, said: “It has never been more important to raise awareness of Pension Credit in London. “London has the highest rate of poverty among people of pensionable age in the country and there has been a steep increase in poverty among older Londoners in recent years. “Poverty is complicated, it’s persistent, it isn’t always visible and it’s hard to escape. “As well as helping with the rising cost of food and heating bills, claiming Pension Credit can also open doors to other forms of support for older people.” Britons can apply for Pension Credit online via the Government website. Applications can be started up to four months before reaching state pension age. Claims can be backdated for up to three months. Alternatively, applications can be made by calling the claim line on 0800 99 1234 or by post.