Nick Kyrgios launched into a furious rant at the chair umpire during his match against Rafael Nadal, stating the officials do a "terrible job" of protecting players when the crowd oversteps in the mark. Tensions were high inside the Indian Wells Tennis Garden with Kyrgios facing off against Nadal in a blockbuster quarter-final contest.  Kyrgios is competing in his first tournament since the Australian Open, where he won the doubles title with compatriot Thanasi Kokkinakis. And the 26-year-old has been in excellent form so far heading into the quarter-finals with strong wins over No 8 seed Casper Ruud and Federico Delbonis. He took that form into the start of the match against Nadal with the Aussie seeming fired up for the match. Kyrgios went a break up early in the first set, but soon lost his temper with some members of the crowd. Those frustrations soon got the better of him as Nadal levelled the set at 5-5 before Kyrgios hurled his racket to the floor in a fit of rage. He ended up handing Nadal the first set after giving away a point penalty while serving to stay in the set in the tiebreak.  Kyrgios continued to air his frustrations with the crowd with several outbursts before giving the umpire an earful on what he was experiencing. "It's bullshit man," he said to the umpire. "The crowd can't scream things out. "You see how it affects players bro. "You guys do a terrible job with that. You don't protect the players from any of that stuff."  Kyrgios managed to recompose himself to settle back into the second set with the pair exchanging some brilliant rallies. Nadal was serving to stay in the set at 5-6 as Kyrgios sensed an opportunity to strike. A brilliant point ensued at 15-40 as Kyrgios raced to the net with a deft drop shot with Nadal able to get his return back over to the other side. But Kyrgios was ready with an incredible backhanded smash to break Nadal's serve and force a deciding set. The crowd reacted in raptures as they jumped to their feet to applaud Kyrgios with the Aussie roaring in delight. 