Kyiv announced Major General Andrei Kolesnikov of the 29th Combined Arms Army as the latest high profile casualty of the war. His reported death comes four days after the killing of Major General Vitaly Gerasimov, first deputy commander of Russia's 41st army According to Ukraine's Interfax news agency, Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine, wrote on Telegram on Friday: "The good news is that Major General Andrei Kolesnikov, Commander of the 29th Army of the Eastern Military District, became the KIA today." Last week, Major General Andrei Sukhovetsky - deputy commander of the 41st Combined Arms Army of the Central Military District - was reportedly killed. Sukhovetsky died during a special operation in Ukraine, according to his comrade-in-arms Sergey Chipilev on social media. He was shot and killed by a sniper near Mariupol, which has been under a brutal siege by Russian forces.  Gerasimov took part in the second Chechen war, the Russian military operation in Syria and the annexation of Crimea. According to reports, he was the son of Valery Gerasimov, the Chief of General Staff of Russia's armed forces.  It is understood that 20 Russian generals have been deployed in Putin's invasion which has also seen 173 tanks, 12 aircraft and 345 troop carriers lost. Officials said on Friday that the figure could suggest Russian troops are unable to make decisions of their own and lack situational awareness, or they are fearful of moving forward, at which point more senior officers come forward to lead from the front. The officials added that the Russian forces' advance had been slowed by logistical problems, low morale and Ukrainian resistance.  News of  Kolesnikov's death comes as satellite pictures showed Russian forces, who have been bearing down on Kyiv, regrouping northwest of the Ukrainian capital.  Britain said it could be preparation for an assault on the city within days. The Ministry of Defence said in an intelligence update: "Russia is likely seeking to reset and re-posture its forces for renewed offensive activity in the coming days. This will probably include operations against the capital Kyiv."  READ MORE ABOUT A UK LIST OF 'PROBABLE' NUCLEAR TARGETS  The update added that Russian ground forces were still making only limited progress, hampered by persistent logistical issues and Ukrainian resistance. Kyiv accused Moscow of hitting a psychiatric hospital near the eastern town of Izyum on Friday, in what the regional governor described as a brutal attack on civilians. Emergency services said no one was hurt because the patients were already sheltering in the basement.  The UN human rights office (OHCHR) said on Friday it has confirmed the deaths of 564 civilians in Ukraine since Russia's invasion began on February 24. The total includes 41 children.  DON'T MISS: Kate will 'hide feelings' but won't forget [REPORT] 'NATO strongest alliance' VDL caves she hints EU Army plans shelved [REVEALED] Pakistan on brink as Imran Khan breaks with army with brutal jibe [LATEST]   However, the real toll is thought to be considerably higher since OHCHR has not yet been able to corroborate reports from areas where intense hostilities are ongoing. Most died from the use of explosive weapons, including heavy artillery shelling, missile and air strikes. At least 1,582 civilians in Mariupol have been killed as a result of Russian shelling and a 12-day blockade, the city council said in an online statement on Friday. It said: "We will never forget and will never forgive this crime against humanity." Kyiv says its forces have killed more than 12,000 Russian troops. The Kremlin has confirmed about 500 losses. Neither side has disclosed the number of Ukrainian casualties.    Meanwhile, Ukraine's Centre for Strategic Communications said on Friday that it could not rule out that Belarus would launch an invasion of the country after a meeting in Moscow between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Belarusian leader Alexander Lukashenko. The centre, which was established under the Ministry of Culture and Information Policy, said in a statement: "According to preliminary data, Belarusian troops may be drawn into an invasion on March 11 at 21:00 (7pm GMT)." Western officials also warned on Friday that Russia might use chemical weapons in Ukraine in a false flag attack to provide retrospective justification for its invasion. They added that there is nothing to suggest a broader use of such weapons in the war, which began on February 24.  One of the officials said: "We think that chemical weapons could be used in a false flag attack to provide a retrospective justification for Russia's invasion of Ukraine." "The context that we've been looking at it in is from a false flag perspective. Clearly, whilst the Russians are highly likely to have a chemical weapons capability, there is nothing to suggest that they intend to use at this point in a major escalation of the current conflict." The comments came after the US denied renewed Russian accusations that Washington was operating biowarfare labs in Ukraine. It called the claims "laughable" and suggested Moscow may be laying the groundwork to use a chemical or biological weapon. 