Her husband, Richard, has inspired us all with his untiring campaigning for her release. MP Tulip Siddiq was spot on in the Commons when she said he has “really set the bar high for all husbands”. At last, Nazanin has been reunited with her daughter, Gabriella, but this loving family should never have been torn apart. The delight at returning to Britain for the first time in six years will be mixed with sadness that they have missed out on so many shared memories. It is a scandal that she was subjected to the ordeal of more than 2,000 days behind bars. We wish the family the very best as they start a new chapter. Their strength of character and courage is extraordinary, and Nazanin’s beaming smile yesterday lit up this land. Her husband said her return would allow them to “stop being a moment in history and become a normal family again”, and she said she was looking forward to a cup of tea. She deserves this and every form of refreshment she desires. The family will need peace, quiet and time together but they should know that people in every community are relieved and delighted at their reunion and will want to say “Welcome home”. The killing of at least 10 Ukrainian civilians who were queuing for bread is an atrocity which is all the more heartbreaking because this conflict should never have taken place. President Putin has blood on his hands. He will be cloaked in shame for the rest of his days, but he can call a halt to this invasion and avoid more war crimes. The families of those who were killed in Chernihiv will mourn their loved ones for the rest of their lives. Buildings can be rebuilt but the loss of the innocent is irreplaceable. If Putin can find an ounce of humanity in his calloused soul he will order his diplomats to agree a peace deal without delay and bring his troops home. It was wonderful to see the Queen back at work after her battle with Covid and standing without her walking stick yesterday. The 95-year-old monarch presented Guyanese poet Grace Nichols with the Queen’s Gold Medal for Poetry at Windsor Castle. Her Majesty’s commitment to duty is humbling and people throughout the world will pray that her strength fully returns. In her devotion to others she shows us what it really means to live life to the full.