A spell of hot, sunny weather is on the way for the UK, with temperatures picking up as soon as Friday according to forecasters. The soaring temperatures are due to an area of high pressure heading across Denmark. But where exactly will see the soaring temperatures? Here are the latest weather maps. The mercury could reach 18C on either Friday or Saturday forecasters have predicted. Met Office forecaster Nicola Maxey said temperatures could soar to 18C in Moray Firth as dry weather hits this weekend. The Met Office forecaster said: "The highest UK maximum temperature recorded so far this year is 17.2C (Pershore, 16th Feb). "Highest max so far this year for Wales is 16.3C (Colwyn Bay, 16th Feb), NI 15.1C (Murlough, 16th Feb) and Scotland 15.9C (Achnagart, 1st Jan). Read More: Lucy Alexander sparks concern amid Spain's 'freak weather conditions' "We do expect these to potentially be beaten on Friday or Saturday." Netweather forecasters say "an intense anticyclone" will be "established in the North Sea" by Friday, meaning almost everywhere in the UK will be dry and sunny. There may be some lingering areas of fog and mist, alongside low cloud however once these lift it will pave the way for "blue skies." Netweather forecasters write of Friday: "Temperatures will respond accordingly in the sunshine, reaching 12 to 15C fairly generally and locally 16C across parts of the North West and along North facing showers of the Moray Firth." Heading into the weekend, "high pressure dominates, bringing mainly dry, occasionally spring-like weather." There could be some "sharp showers" across the north of England on Sunday, with low lying cloud, however it will gradually become warmer as we head into next week. MeteoGroup said: "Saturday will continue fine as it will be dry with wall to wall sunshine and little in the way of any cloud cover around. A fine and clear evening. "These fine conditions will continue into Sunday as it will be another dry day with lots of sunshine and just some patchy fair-weather cloud around." DON'T MISSBBC Weather: Matt Taylor promises Britons 'plenty of sunshine' [FORECAST]Why the change in seasons can cause headaches and sinus pain [EXPLAINED]Lawn: 'Simple' trick to fix brown patches in your grass [TIPS] Maps from Netweather show temperatures in the mid to high teens on Friday, with London seeing up to 15C, the Midlands 14C and the north of England between 11 and 13C. Scotland will be slightly cooler, with conditions ranging between 7C and 11C. However, there is the potential for Friday or Saturday to reach a balmy 18C. WXCharts has forecast highs of 16C in the midlands next Tuesday, 15C in the South and highs of temperatures of 12C in the North. Ex-BBC and Met Office forecaster John Hammond of weather trending said: “Spring will be in the air, with a gentle breeze from the warming continent and temperatures rising through the teens. “Wet weather will give way to sunshine, with a drier and warmer trend through mid-March.” The Met Office forecast from Saturday to Monday reads: "Warm, settled and dry, with plenty of sunshine at first, although increasingly cloudy for many later. "Chance of rain, most likely in the east, from Sunday. Turning colder through Sunday."