Those who live in England are able to get this “freebie” benefit once they hit the state pension age, which is currently 66 years old. Across the UK, different rules apply when it comes to the free bus pass depending on which country you are in. For example, residents living in either Scotland or Wales are able to access this travel concession once they turn 60. However, due to the Government’s proposed change to the state pension, many in the over 60s demographic in England will have to wait longer for this crucial means of support. Specifically, the state pension age is set to rise even higher in the coming years which will affect who will be able to claim a free bus pass. Under current Government proposals, the new state pension will rise to 67 between 2026 and 2028. Another rise to 68 years old is expected by 2048, however this is subject to potential Governmental changes and predictions regarding life expectancy. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Over 60s looking to apply for this concession scheme can apply via the Government’s website. After doing this, state pension claimants will be able to enter their postcode address which will share contact details of their local council. Local councils are able to use their bus pass claiming procedures to deliver free bus passes to qualifying state pension claimants. However, local council procedures for free bus passes may differ if a claimant decides to contact their local authority instead. DON'T MISS Many financial experts consider the free bus pass to be vital to the livelihoods of pensioners, especially in light of the rise in the cost of living. Stephen Lowe, the group communications director at Just Group, outlined why extra benefits, such as the free bus pass, which come from the state pension are almost just as important as the income itself. Mr Lowe said: “The social and cultural reference to ‘freebie’ benefits means nearly all over 65s know about them but their financial value is dwarfed by other benefits which are less well known. “The state pension alone will not provide a comfortable standard of living so checking your entitlement for other state benefits should be as much a part of planning for retirement as understanding what your private pension and other savings will provide.” In light of the pending changes to the eligibility requirements for the free bus pass, various organisations are encouraging over 60s to research what other concessions they may be entitled to. On its website, Age UK stated: “It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.” Recently, the Scottish Government rolled out a new bus pass scheme which allows under 22s to also claim a free bus pass. This discount is available to those who have get a new National Entitlement Card (NEC). As a result of this, 2.3 million people across Scotland are now in receipt of this “freebie benefit”, including young people, pensioners, unpaid carers and disabled people. There has been no indication that there will be a similar scheme roll-out in England which will see free bus passes extended to other groups.