The Girl From Plainville is a new Hulu series and the first three episodes have just dropped. The TV series looks at the death of Conrad Roy in 2014 and his girlfriend Michelle Carter's conviction for involuntary manslaughter. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. The series explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death. Conrad died by suicide at the age of 18 in July 2014, with his girlfriend Michelle using text messages to encourage him to take his own life. She was convicted of involuntary manslaughter. Michelle is played by Elle Fanning, a 23-year-old American actress known for her roles in I Am Sam and Super 8. She is the sister of actress Dakota Fanning.  Conrad's death was the subject of a high profile investigation known as the "texting suicide case". In the dramatisation of the events leading up to his death, he is played by Colton Ryan. The rising star featured in Broadway’s Bob Dylan musical Girl from the North Country. He was also in the film version of Dear Evan Hansen. The 26-year-old said he was desperate to star in the series, telling the Boston Herald: "I was so invigorated and so emotional and it was so three-dimensional I couldn’t even associate it with that sensational story that I knew about in the back of my head." READ MORE: Phillip Schofield weighs in on Will Smith's slapping Chris Rock Lynn Roy is Conrad's mother and she recently spoke out ahead of the eighth anniversary of his death. She is played by Chloë Sevigny, a 47-year-old actress and model known for her roles in independent films. Her credits include The Brown Bunny, Kids and American Psycho.  Conrad's father in the series is played by Norbert Leo Butz. The 55-year-old American actor and singer is best known for his work on Broadway. His other credits include Bloodline, Debris and Give or Take. Gail is Michelle's mother in the series and she is played by Cara Buono. Buono is an American actress and is known for playing Dr Faye Miller in Mad Men. She also had roles in The Sopranos, Stranger Things and Hulk.  Michelle's father David is played by Kai Lennox, who has starred in Beginners and Green Room. He spoke to Beautiful Ballad about his latest role in The Girl From Plainville. He said: "It was a dream project that comes your way...it was one of those coveted jobs. "When I read the script and started doing research, looking into it, I just felt compelled to be involved." DON'T MISS... The Orville’s Klyden star drops update for season 3 [DISCUSSION] NCIS LA's Medalion Rahimi pays tribute to 'favourite' director [INSIGHT] Blue Bloods’ Rachel star unveils new role away from CBS [INTERVIEW] Conrad Roy senior is played by Peter Gerety, an 81-year-old American actor. The star is best known for playing Judge Daniel Phelan in The Wire. His other credits include Working Man, Sneaky Pete and Prime Suspect.  Joseph Cataldo is Michelle Carter's defence attorney in the series. He is played by Michael Mosley, a 43-year-old TV and film actor known for Scrubs and Sirens. He has also taken on roles in Criminal Minds and Castle. The series also stars Aya Cash as Katie Rayburn and Ella Kennedy Davis as Sydney Roy. Pearl Amanda Dickson plays Susie Pierce, with Sharik Khan as Adam. Rounding off the cast are Kylie Liya Page as Cassie Williams and Jeff Wahlberg as Rob Mahoney. The series is made up of eight episodes and it will conclude on May 3.  The Girl from Plainville episodes 1-3 are available to watch on Hulu now. The series will return on April 5.