According to preliminary results, Olaf Scholz's Social Democrats will have enough seats for an absolute majority in the western Germany state - a positive first test for the strength of the new Chancellor’s leadership. The SPD won 43.5 percent of the vote, up 14 percentage points from the last vote, while the former party of Angela Merkel, Christian Democrats, slumped to 28.5 percent. The two parties have been ruling together in the region in a “grand coalition” since 2012. During the campaign, regional SPD leader Anke Rehlinger, previously the region’s economics minister, said she was ready to rule without a coalition. Regional elections in Germany have always been interpreted as reflecting the overall mood for the country, and how well the ruling party is doing at the time. The SPD, despite not winning outright in the most recent election, put an end to 16 years of CDU in the driving seat.  READ MORE: Ukraine MP savages Germany over Russian gas 'Financing mass murder!' Saarland is one of four regions having local elections in 2022 - three of which are led by the CDU. The overtake of the SDP is a good indication that Mr Scholz party have managed to increase popularity since taking office in late 2021. Most importantly, Germany’s most populous state, North Rhine-Westphalia, will have its own regional elections this coming May. A win for the SDP will make it much easier for the Scholz led Government to pass legislation, as it will increase the party’s majority in the upper house of the Bundesrat. Regional elections help to determine the distribution of votes in the Bundesrat upper house of parliament, where the SDP is currently lacking the weight it needs to easily pass legislation. The positive result for Mr Scholz comes amid international impatience over Germany’s response to the crisis in Ukraine. Germany has been directly criticised for failing to support Ukraine by President Zelensky. In a brutal takedown of Germany’s inaction, Mr Zelensky said: “They are trying to be balanced.  DON'T MISSEU turns its back on Joe Biden after Putin 'regime change' blunder [INSIGHT]Putin facing crippling economic crisis with Russian brain drain [REPORT]Zelensky rips apart EU for failing on Russia sanction that may end war [INSIGHT] “They have a long relationship with Russia and they are looking at the situation through the prism of the economy. “They help out at times. I think they are trying to adjust to the situation as it develops. They are also looking at how the situation affects their own country. “They can help, if there is pressure on them domestically to do so, and they can stop when they see what they have done is sufficient. "I think Germany is more pragmatic than anyone else with regards to the situation among those countries which can really help. “It’s not always about us, what we need and what the world needs. I think the Germans are making a mistake today. “I think they make mistakes often. I think the legacy of Germany’s relations with Russia shows this.” In Saarland, polls have shown that voters were more concerned with domestic topics such as unemployment and education, as well as climate and energy policies, instead of the war in Ukraine. However, national polls in Germany have demonstrated there is public support for the Government to spend more on military spending and to shift Germany away from energy dependence on Russia.