Stuart (played by Ricky Champ) only returned to the Square recently after leaving to find out more about holistic treatments. Meanwhile, he and Rainie's (Tanya Franks) surrogate Bernie (Clair Norris) has also been away from Walford during her pregnancy. Official EastEnders spoilers confirm Bernie will soon go into labour in front of Stuart and Rainie. She will also find out about Stuart's refusal to have treatment for his illness - this might cause her to make a big decision about her future. In upcoming episodes, Rainie and Callum Highway (Tony Clay) team up in an attempt to convince Stuart to attend his hospital appointment. Stuart has other ideas though and meets with Warren who sells him more expensive supplements. A furious Callum tries to get Stuart to see sense but he refuses to listen. Meanwhile, Rainie pesters Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) about Bernie’s whereabouts, worried she’s had the baby already. With Rainie so stressed and upset, Callum encourages Stuart to go to the appointment for her. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? Rainie is heartbroken when the doctor reveals Stuart’s cancer has grown and he needs immediate treatment. At home, Stuart stands by his holistic approach, but Bernie's sudden arrival distracts them. Rainie is relieved to hear Bernie still plans to give them the baby but she puts pressure on them to give her the rest of the money as soon as the baby is born. Bernie notices Stuart's supplements but the couple brushes it off. However, Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) inadvertently tells Bernie about Stuart’s cancer. She furiously marches back to the Highways, but as she confronts them her waters break. As Bernie goes into labour, a guilty Rainie lies to her and tells her Stuart is beating his cancer. At the hospital, Rainie tries to keep everyone calm but Bernie is relieved when Karen arrives. Bernie gives birth to a baby boy, and after seeing Rainie and Stuart's joy she decides to let them have the baby. When she's alone later though, Rainie confessed the truth about Stuart. DON'T MISS... The Apprentice candidate reveals 'scariest' interviewer 'Very intense' [EXCLUSIVE]BBC viewers slam Grant Shapps for calling for P&O boss to resign [VIDEO]EastEnders star Letitia Dean’s transformation leaves fans stunned [REACTION]   She says she can’t let Bernie give them the baby on a lie. Will this change Bernie’s mind? Rainie and Stuart anxiously wait for news on Bernie’s decision, and it seems possible she might feel too overwhelmed to make a rational decision. Could she flee with the newborn? Meanwhile, Stuart meets with Warren, who continues his mission in discouraging Stuart from getting medical treatment. In another twist, Vi Highway (Gwen Taylor) shows up after hearing about her great grandson’s birth, but a stunned Stuart warns her that she may not see him. Rainie stares at a bottle of vodka but is shocked by Vi entering. She confides in Vi about Stuart’s situation, leaving Vi determined to fix things. Bernie might be unsure of what to do following the news. It's likely she will be concerned to leave the baby with someone who doesn't believe in proper medical treatment. Unable to tell the couple though, could she perhaps slip out of the hospital with the baby? Bernie has been unsure about giving the couple the baby, especially with Rainie's history of alcohol and drug use. Could Stuart's behaviour be the final nail in the coffin? However, with Vi determined to help her family, perhaps she will track down Bernie and persuade her to think about what she's doing. If anyone can convince Stuart to see sense, it's his grandmother He will likely be delighted to have her back on the Square, so might do whatever it takes to keep her happy. Will Vi be able to change Stuart's mind about getting medical treatment? If so, Bernie might feel better about leaving the baby with the couple. EastEnders continues on Monday at 8pm on BBC One.