The Line of Duty star took to Twitter to share her thoughts on comments she had seen after Sunday's show, which had labelled the series "predictable". The 38-year-old shared a fan's supportive comment with her 472,000 Twitter followers and made a remark about rude feedback she had received. It came as the ITV bomb disposal drama wrapped up series one and announced a second had been given the green light. Trigger Point saw McClure star as explosives officer Lana Washington. The drama explored the work of a bomb disposal team and counter-terrorism unit attempting to halt an imminent attack in London. After weeks of exploring possible suspects behind attacks in the ITV instalments, it was eventually revealed that Lana's love interest Karl Maguire (played by Warren Brown) was the villain fronting the white supremacist group The Crusaders. As the final episode concluded, Karl gave away his identity when Lana worked out it was him all along. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump  In a crowded room full of MPs and police officers, Karl revealed he was wearing a bomber vest. He then threatened the MP and accused her of covering up the deaths of British soldiers. He was stopped from launching the explosive, but the ending didn't take everyone by surprise. Twitter user Shelley wrote: "Was pretty obvious from the moment he appeared onscreen." Chloe penned: "Saw that coming weeks ago, figured that was the red herring they were trying to get us to think and there would be better ending instead of the obvious." (sic) "The script is dreadful & the outcome predictable," Ellie added. PJ fumed: "Would have been a good 2-hour film, but it's been a surprisingly dull and slow 6 week waste of time." Andy shared: "Disappointingly predictable. Had hoped it wasn’t that obvious." DON'T MISS... Peaky Blinders' Joe Cole on thing BBC role left him unable to do [INTERVIEW]80-year-old Ukrainian woman left to freeze on Polish border [LATEST]Tipping Point fans gobsmacked at players' 'historic' victory [VIDEO] Taking to Twitter herself, Vicky penned her own message to people sharing their criticisms. She retweeted one fan, Janice Wildbore, who advised her: "Ignore the rude comments You were amazing x." Sharing the post, the actress added: "Rude comments are like a cold chocolate brownie… disappointing, still eat it but quickly forgotten. "Warm chocolate brownies are the best… as are warm comments." At the end of the final episode, it was announced that ITV had renewed Trigger Point for a second series. Producer Jed Mecurio commented: “Everyone at HTM Television is thrilled by the success of Trigger Point. "Thanks to all our brilliant cast and crew and especially to the viewers who watched in such large numbers. "We've received unswerving support from ITV throughout the production and we are delighted to have been commissioned for a second series." Trigger Point is available to watch on ITV Hub.