Kate and Koji went down a storm with viewers when it first debuted in March 2020, gaining millions of fans over the six weeks that it was on. The ITV sitcom stars Vera actress Brenda Blethyn as the cafe owner Kate who makes a deal with asylum-seeking doctor Koji. When the series aired two years ago, it was actor Jimmy Akingbola who portrayed the second half of the comedy duo. Kate's struggling seaside cafe was in need of a new lease of life when the sitcom started in 2020. This is when Koji, a qualified doctor, walked into her life but as he was seeking asylum, he wasn't able to get work. In a bid to solve both of their problems, the pair thought up the idea for Koji to give unofficial medical consultations at Kate's cafe to encourage more customers. Meanwhile, in return, Kate would give Koji free food and he would help out at the cafe from time to time. Fans loved watching the dynamic between Kate and Koji two years ago but this will alter as series two begins. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role While actress Blethyn is reprising her role as Kate, actor Akingbola shall not be back for the new episodes. Taking on the titular role of Koji for season two is actor Okorie Chukwu. Kate and Koji will be his biggest role to date, having only had minor parts in shows up until now. These have included My Mad Fat Diary, War of the Worlds, Luther and Hard Sun. Chukwu opened up on how he felt about taking over the role on This Morning. Chukwu said: “I think I read the script and I really felt a connection with Koji. "When the job was offered I did think it was an unusual way to onboard the show. “But it was a hit show. And I thought it was an amazing comedy. "I was a bit nervous but everyone was so welcoming and so warm.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby? [THEORY]Conleth Hill snubs Game of Thrones as new role is his 'best part' [EXPLAINER]Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION] As viewers are well aware, the coronavirus pandemic caused a major delay in filming the comedy series. So it is believed previous Koji actor Akingbola, known for Arrow, Ballot Monkeys and Rev, was forced to take a step back due to clashing schedules. Since starring in Kate and Koji, Akingbola was cast in HBO's exciting reboot of The Fresh Prince of Bel Air which has simply been renamed Bel-Air. He portrays Geoffrey the butler in this comedy-turned-drama adaptation of the iconic Will Smith sitcom. The shooting of Bel-Air took place last year in the States when Kate and Koji was also in production. Nevertheless, the show must go on with Chukwu now as the actor's replacement. The sitcom will be made up of six episodes with a new instalment airing every Wednesday. Kate and Koji season 2 premieres on Wednesday, March 16, at 9pm on ITV.