Claudia Winkleman, 50, has candidly opened up about how she feels her body is “falling apart.” The Strictly Come Dancing host explained how she doesn’t place much value on her appearance, based on what she was taught by her parents growing up. The BBC presenter said that she had “never been to the gym” and believes that her own appearance is irrelevant. She also joked that her body is “made of crepe all of a sudden.” Claudia then added that her mother, Eve Pollard, raised her in a home with no mirrors, saying that appearance is the least interesting thing about us. Speaking on the Postcards from Midlife podcast, she said: “My face [is] actually physically falling off, and my body is, like, made of crepe all of a sudden. It’s OK, it's fine.” READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award Claudia said in the podcast released on February 28: “I've never been to the gym – I don't care. “But I was brought up by a woman who had no mirrors in the house. “I have no pretence about what I look like. "Because what we looked like, she always said, was the least interesting thing about us.” The Strictly host told how her mother would tell her not to worry about being interesting but “always be interested.” She also said that her mum said: “Keep your girlfriends close, your girlfriends are your scaffolding, your everything.” The TV show host also explained that she regularly takes vitamin D tablets in order to manage menopause symptoms. Claudia said: “My mum had an OK time with the menopause. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] “She loves a doctor, we worship the health service. I have to take vitamin D. “My doctor said, ‘I thought you were always in the sun?’ I went, ‘No, babe, this is from a bottle. I haven't been in the sun for 15 years.’” Claudia then told the podcast how she often feels “dull” as she’s “in bed with a book by nine.” She went on to say that she’s felt like a 64-year-old since she was 25. For example, she said she has enjoyed playing bridge as it “uses a part of your brain that we do not use in everyday life.” Last month, Claudia appeared on the One Show to speak about her first-ever live tour titled Behind the Fringe. She joked: “It’s going to be awful, but the main thing is, thank you for having me and whatever you do, don’t come!” “Well come if you want but I will feel so responsible for the people that are there.” The tour will open at G Live in Guildford on April 25, before heading to venues in Bradford, Brighton, Birmingham, Basingstoke, Folkestone, Leicester, Dorking and London. Tickets for Claudia Winkleman's Behind The Fringe tour are on sale now.