In a set of polls that ran from 9am on Tuesday, March 29, to 9am on Wednesday, March 30, Express.co.uk asked readers’ opinions on whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should have returned to the UK for the thanksgiving service at Westminster Abbey in honour of Prince Philip, and if Prince Andrew was right to attend. First Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think Meghan and Harry should have travelled to the UK for Prince Philip's memorial?” Of the 2,944 voters, opinions were split as 51 percent (1,514 people) said “yes” Meghan and Harry should have attended Philip’s memorial, while 48 percent (1,406 people) said “no”. One percent (24 people) of voters said they did not know. A spokesperson previously confirmed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would not be in the UK for the memorial service, but no reason for their planned absence was given. Dozens shared their thoughts on the matter below the accompanying article with some commenting that he should have attended out of respect for his late grandfather. Username Bettyboop1 said: “Harry should [have] come along out of respect for the family regardless.” And username Chris4454x wrote: “Harry should most certainly have attended, it is for his grandad.” However, others felt that Harry and Meghan had made the correct decision, with username Zeehan commenting: “Harry and his wife should stay far away from this ceremony.” Next, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think it's right that Prince Andrew is allowed to attend the memorial?” A total of 2,927 people voted on this question and overall, the bulk of respondents answered “yes” it is right for Andrew to attend, with 80 percent (2,333 people) choosing this option. Just 17 percent (487 people) said “no” and four percent (107 people) said they did not know. This was Andrew’s first public appearance since the out-of-court settlement was made with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. Many thought that despite Andrew stepping back from royal duties in November 2019 and being stripped of his titles he still deserved the opportunity to pay his respects to Prince Philip. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: 'Pathetic excuse' Harry savaged by Philip's guard over memorial no show [LIVE BLOG]How the Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being 'Lady Charlotte' [ANALYSIS]'So sweet!' Princess Charlotte shares adorable moment with Princess Beatrice at memorial [VIDEO] Username Zeehan said: “Andrew has every right to attend and honour his father.” And username ScotsLass wrote: ”Andrew is allowed to pay respects to his father. He is not there as a 'working royal'.” While username Cynical Old Possum! said: “Andrew is the Queen's son despite his behaviour they loved him and likewise.” Prince Andrew took a prominent role by escorting the Queen through Westminster Abbey and sitting amongst senior royals.