In response to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, the UK Government has launched several immigration concessions and visa schemes to aid those seeking refuge to escape the war-torn conditions. The schemes are free to apply for and are in place to help Ukrainians settle quickly in a much safer environment. Ukrainian refugees will still need a visa to enter the UK, and aside from the normal visit, study, and work visa applications, the government has announced two new pathways to obtain one. These new pathways also offer a range of benefits. The Ukraine Family Scheme has been launched for Ukrainian nationals with immediate or extended family members who are British citizens or are settled in the UK. The Homes for Ukraine scheme offers Ukrainian nationals outside of the UK who were resident in Ukraine before January 1, 2022 (and their immediate family, who may be of other nationalities), the option to be sponsored by a household in the UK. This scheme provides free accommodation to refugees and a £350 payment from the Government to those offering a place to stay.  READ MORE: How to get an appointment to see a doctor   Refugees entering the UK under these schemes will receive a visa giving them the right to remain here for three years, along with a number of other rights and benefits to aid with the transition. These rights include those to work in the UK, but what do they include and how much is the minimum wage? Ukrainians coming to the UK under the schemes, as well as those who have entered with normal work visas, will be eligible to seek and take up employment. Those taking up employment will have the same rights as UK workers, including minimum living wages.  The National Minimum Wage (NMW) is enforced by law and ensures all contractual workers are paid a reasonable, minimum hourly rate for the work they carry out. The UK's National Minimum Wage for those aged 23 and over currently sits at £8.91, however, this figure is due to rise to £9.50 as of April 1. Minimum wages differ depending on age and whether you’re an apprentice.  The complete list of minimum wages as of April 1, 2022 is as follows: The visas enable Ukrainian refugees the right to remain in the UK for three years. The visas also grant holders rights to receive public funds, such as Universal Credit, as well as access to public services such as schools and healthcare. 