The hugely successful CBS series has just celebrated an impressive milestone this week, but the 12th season of the Reagan saga won’t follow up episode 250 for another two weeks. Blue Bloods won’t air until the first week of April at the earliest due to some major changes to the schedule. The series should return on Friday, April 1, the latest CBS schedule has confirmed. Episode 16 of the latest season, Guilt, saw the series reach an impressive milestone as the Reagan family hit their 250th time on screens. Unfortunately, fans will be kept waiting for at least two weeks for the next episode, Hidden Motive. This episode will also mark an important milestone as series regular Bridget Moynahan will be making her directorial debut. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one Until then, the drama will be taken off-air to make way for the NCAA Basketball Tournament, also known as March Madness. CBS has yet to release a promotional trailer or any footage, but fans can expect some teasers to drop at some point in the coming fortnight. In the meantime, the official synopsis for episode 251 has teased a huge challenge for Reagan patriarch Frank (played by Tom Selleck). It reads: “Frank is blindsided when Mayor Chase bypasses him with a request for Jamie to head his security detail.” “Also, Danny and Baez investigate the murder of a wealthy college student. Eddie experiences tension with her partner, Badillo (Ian Quinlan), when she arrests a protestor against his wishes. “Anthony scrambles to help his half-brother when he fears money woes are leading his sibling down the wrong path.” Diehard Blue Bloods fans have been eating up the latest season and keeping their fingers crossed CBS confirms a 13th instalment sometime soon. Plus, the cast are celebrating their millions of viewers who have stayed with the series for over a decade. DON'T MISS:Love Is Blind’s Deepti addresses dating rumours with co-star [COMMENT]Drive to Survive viewers outraged as Verstappen missing in season 4 [REACTION]Tales of the Walking Dead: Tyreese star teases reunion in AMC spin-off [EXCLUSIVE] On his Instagram page, Danny Reagan star Donnie Wahlberg said: “I am blessed to have so many amazing memories. “To have worked with so many amazing actors and actresses (from the well known to the unknown to the background talent who never get enough credit). “To have worked with so many amazing crew members, writers and directors. To have met so many amazing people in all five boroughs of this amazing City of New York. “I’m so thankful for every single one of them, and I’m so thankful to the viewers who have allowed us to become part of your lives for all these years. Thank you.” And his co-star, Bridget, wrote on her page: “Thank you to everyone involved with the show, past and present, who’ve made this milestone possible. “And to you the fans, thank you for your loyalty for so many years. Hope you enjoy tonight’s 250th episode!” After Friday night’s edition of Blue Bloods, it’s clear the show’s millions of fans are willing to follow the Reagans for at least another 250 episodes. Blue Bloods season 12 continues Friday, April 1 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.