Lynda Martin was confronted by an enforcement officer during the visit in Herne Bay, Kent, on February 25, after bringing beloved dog Megan along. Canterbury City Council defended the fine when asked to comment.  However, there is now political momentum to have the 2017 ban scrapped. Ms Martin, 67, had visited Herne Bay Cemetery frequently since her husband, Niall, was buried there last April. Megan, the couple’s 12-year-old collie, was by Ms Martin’s side at her husband’s funeral. But now the widow has been fined for bringing the very same beloved pet to its owner’s grave, when she became the first person to be hit with a fixed penalty notice under the ban.  READ MORE: ‘Upsetting’ Farmer SHOOTS dog after it attacks sheep She said: “I was accosted by a man with a camera who asked for my details, and I was given a £100 fixed penalty notice for having a dog in an exclusion area. “I felt victimised and was made to feel like a criminal. Megan was on the lead and under control. “I could have understood if Megan was rampaging all over the graves, but I think you should be able to take a dog in on its lead.” Ms Martin added: “Megan is my constant companion and my emotional support. I don’t know what I would have done over the last year without her.”  Ms Martin admitted she was aware dogs were not allowed in the cemetery, and paid the fine. But now she is calling for the council to scrap the ban altogether, and has gained the support of a senior councillor. She commented: “I think the enforcement officers are better off catching real criminals – flytippers and hooligans – rather than preying on someone vulnerable.” Dogs are banned from the public space due to a Public Space Protection Order (PSPO).  DON'T MISS Kim humiliates Putin after Russia begs for help [INSIGHT] Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals [ANALYSIS] Boy has 'potentially life-threatening injuries' after car park plunge [REPORT] Joe Howes, councillor for Herne and Broomfield, is backing Ms Martin’s calls for the PSPO to be reviewed. The Tory believes “well-behaved” dogs that stay on their leads should be permitted in the open spaces, so long as their owners clean up after them. Commenting on Ms Martin’s case, Cllr Howes said: “It is awful this has happened to a woman of her age, or to anyone who is grieving, which is why it’s important there is a review to look at why this has happened. “She was breaking the rules – which she has said – but I think it needs to be looked at because dogs do miss their owners.  “A well-behaved dog on a lead and a sensible owner who tidies up their dog’s mess should be permitted. “I know a lot of people who visit graves with their pets and have never been stopped or spotted.” A spokesperson for Canterbury City Council, which runs the cemetery, confirmed that Ms Martin was the first person to be fined for a breach of the rule in Herne Bay Cemetery. They added the PSPO on the site had been consulted on “extensively” before being introduced five years ago, and again when it was renewed in 2020.  The spokesperson said: “Historically we had a number of complaints about dog walkers using the cemetery and about dog fouling, which is upsetting to other people who go there to visit the graves of loved ones. “The parish council has also asked us to take action on dog fouling following an increase in the problem recently. Signs are on show at the cemetery to explain the restrictions that are in place. “In this particular case, Mrs Martin admitted she breached the PSPO.” They added: “While we sympathise with the reasons Ms Martin gave for having her dog with her, we have to enforce the restrictions in a consistent way and cannot make exceptions.” 