Barcelona forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has told Piers Morgan that “sometimes everyone benefits from a separation” following his Arsenal departure. The Gabon international severed his ties with the Gunners in January to move to Spain. Aubameyang was once the darling of Arsenal after enjoying a prolific run of form during his first two-and-a-half years in north London. After signing from Borussia Dortmund in January 2018, the ace bagged 10 Premier League goals during the second half of the 2017/18 campaign. He backed that up with 31 strikes in all competitions during his first full season at the club, before notching another 29 the following campaign. Aubameyang struck some important goals during his time at the Emirates Stadium and his brace against Chelsea in the 2020 FA Cup final ensured Mikel Arteta’s side lifted the trophy. The 32-year-old was handed a new mega-money deal following his endeavours during the 2019/20 season but suffered a downturn in form soon afterwards. MUST READ: Man Utd urged to strip Harry Maguire of captaincy by former team-mate  Last season he could only muster 15 goals and this season he looked a shadow of his former self in front of goal for the Gunners. And things came to a head before Christmas as he was stripped of the Arsenal captaincy he had been handed in 2019 and banished from the team following a disciplinary breach. Aubameyang appeared for just five minutes as a substitute after being dropped for Arsenal’s 2-1 defeat by Everton in December. And the forward never played for the club again. Arsenal eventually terminated the player’s contract in January as the veteran joined Barcelona.   And he’s been making waves in Spain ever since as he’s found the back of the net six times in nine matches. On Sunday he netted his side’s third goal as they thrashed Osasuna 4-0 in La Liga, just hours after Arsenal had beaten Leicester City in the Premier League. And former Good Morning Britain host Morgan then revealed he missed the star. “Arsenal fans have spent the past 2hrs gloating about why we’re so much better without Aubameyang & they’re so glad he’s gone,” Morgan wrote on Twitter.  “Meanwhile, he just scored his 6th goal in 9 games for Barcelona, which includes 5 goals in 6 La Liga games. I miss you @Auba.” Aubameyang indulged Morgan with a reply but revealed that his north London exit was best for all parties. “Thanks Piers but sometimes everyone benefits from a separation - most important is that everyone is happy now,” Aubameyang responded. “And we had good times that I will don’t forget.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  