Former Loose Women panellist Saira Khan has taken to Instagram to share a lengthy reflection on “fake friends” and the “deep unhappiness” they caused. The 51-year-old left the ITV programme in 2021 after being a regular panellist since 2015. Now, looking back on her years working on TV, Saira admitted she is now “concentrating on being authentic”. In view of her 103,000 Instagram followers, the TV star penned: “I've been in so many 'fake' environments over the years that I lost myself and started to become fake myself. "I saw myself become someone I'm not. To please others. To make money and to fit in. "Fake friends, fake opinions, fake smiles. “All led to one thing. Deep unhappiness. Self loathing. Self hate and self disrespect." In a follow-up post, Saira explained she had been "working on herself" since her 50th birthday. She continued: "Eliminating toxicity. Taking a step back. "Connecting with my feelings and spending more time with people who love me for who I really am and doing the things I really love. “The weird thing is. When I stopped. Took stock and evolved to become a better version of myself. “I gave out the right energy to attract the right opportunities.” The cryptic post didn't specify who or what she was discussing. Saira has previously spoken out on her relationship with her former Loose Women co-stars. She confessed she only “tolerated” some of the other panellists, but stressed she would not go into detail on the subject. DON'T MISS‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award [LATEST]Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurab... [INSIGHT]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [NEWS] Saira told the Celebrity Skin podcast that she will remain friends with “some people” because they understand each other. She explained: "You make friends with some people, you tolerate some people and some people who you just have to do a job with. "I'm not going to go into the nitty gritty there now. “There are some friends, people I will be close to because we get each other. "And there are some I really don't miss at all who I was just like: 'I just have to tolerate you to do the job'." The former The Apprentice star concluded: “You have to be professional about it. “You can't pretend that everyone is going to be your best friend. “Especially on a show where you have opinions, you're not going to tolerate everybody's opinion."