A brand new promo for the next episode of NCIS: Los Angeles season 13, All the Little Things, has been released, and it could spell trouble for the show’s beloved Operations Manager Hetty Lange (played by Linda Hunt). Hetty hasn’t appeared on the popular CBS action drama since last year, and Special Agent in Charge G Callen (Chris O'Donnell) is starting to get concerned. Callen meets up with Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly) in the latest sneak peek of NCIS LA season 13. The senior agent admits he’s still concerned for the safety of his boss Hetty, who has become one of the most important people in his life since joining the task force. After growing up in several foster homes without ever knowing his first name, Hetty eventually rescued Callen from the streets after he attempted to steal a car. Hetty has been like a surrogate mother during his time with NCIS, and Callen could have to leap into action if he catches wind she’s in danger. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps In the new promo, Callen finally reunites with on-off girlfriend Anna, but the agent clearly has other things weighing on his mind. “Hey, is this about Hetty?” Anna asks him. “Are you worried for her safety, or are you worried that if something happened to her you’ll never find out about your past?” Callen thinks for a second, before confessing: “Probably both.” Hetty has been the biggest link to his past since she revealed she was the CIA handler for Callen’s mother in season three. While he finally knows the name he was given at birth, Grisha, Callen has still been trying to piece together his family history with Hetty’s help. If something happens to the NCIS OM, much of his past may have to remain a mystery. Anna assures Callen: “Look, I don’t know what happened, but I know that she cares for you a lot. I might even say like her own son." Callen then hits back: “A mother who manipulates her own son?” Although Hetty is the closest thing Callen has to a mother, their relationship has certainly had its ups and downs. DON'T MISS:Blue Bloods’ Rachel star unveils new role away from CBS [NEWS]Outlander season 6: Marsali ‘isolated’ as she's abandoned by Fergus? [THEORY]Law and Order SVU’s Mariska Hargitay pays tribute to late co-star [COMMENT] Later in his career with the NCIS, Hetty finally revealed she had been protecting him from the Comescus, a dangerous organised crime family from Romania. As the series goes on, Callen could find out Hetty has been keeping more secrets from him. “All mothers manipulate their kids,” Anna explains. “How else would they get them to do anything?” She then asks: “Do you ever wonder what your life would have been like if Hetty hadn’t found you?” Callen admits: “Yeah, I think about it sometimes. Where would I be, what I’d be doing. Sometimes it’s the Florida Key, sometimes it’s Alaska. A farm in Idaho.” Hetty may have saved Callen’s life, but she has also put him in direct danger on more than one occasion. If Hetty is out on another dangerous mission, he may be forced to put his life at risk yet again to ensure her safety. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.