Yellowstone season five will be airing on The Paramount Network soon and things will heat up between Summer (played by Piper Perabo) and John Dutton (Kevin Costner). Summer has become one of the controversial characters of the TV series as she is set to be John's new love interest. Fans may be wondering whether the actress has a husband off-screen and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The next season of Yellowstone will see Summer in prison after Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) landed her in the slammer. The animal activist rubbed the Dutton daughter up the wrong way after sleeping with her father. Perabo has teased Summer and John will be reunited in the upcoming episodes, so she is expected to get out of prison somehow. Fans will be wondering how her relationship with the Dutton patriarch develops over time. The 45-year-old actress is from Texas and she has been married since 2014. READ MORE: Why is Yellowstone season 5 split into two parts? The star is with American actor, director and film writer, Stephen Kay. Kay, 59, is from New Zealand and he is known for directing the films Get Carter and Boogeyman. Fans may have also seen his name credited in episodes of Sons of Anarchy and The Punisher. While his wife starred in Yellowstone, Kay was on the other side of the camera as a director. He also worked on a few episodes of the Yellowstone prequel, 1883. READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? Fans may be interested to hear he started off his working life as an actor. His credits include Murder, She Wrote and Deadly Games, as well as General Hospital. Kay was engaged to Perabo in 2013 when she was starring in Covert Affairs. Kay had been directing and producing the action drama series at the time. The pair tied the knot in July 2016 in New York City. DON'T MISS... Yellowstone’s Beth star shares big change made to Jamie Dutton scenes [INSIGHT] Yellowstone's Kevin Costner dealt huge snub by ABC over axed project [DISCUSSION] When is Yellowstone season 5 coming out? [INSIGHT] The director is known to have previously dated Desperate Housewives actresses Teri Hatcher and Eva Longoria. He also has a daughter from a previous relationship and Perabo is her stepmother. Back in 2019, Perabo said she "hit the jackpot" with her famous stepchild. Speaking to Us Weekly, she said: "She actually has a show coming out on Netflix and I'm really proud of her. "And I just feel like she’s perfect. You know what I mean? I really hit the jackpot with her. READ MORE: Yellowstone: Who is Melanie Olmstead? What happened to her? "And so when you get handed, like, an ace, just, like, count your lucky stars.” She also opened up about the ways in which her husband looks out for her. The star revealed he knew how much she loved oatmeal in the morning. She said: "I'm not that good of a cook, and he started making the most amazing oatmeal. "I know that sounds so simple, but actually the way you start your day is so important."  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network in 2022.