Rachel Riley, 36, sent fans into a frenzy earlier today as she took to social media to reveal a picture of her baby. The Countdown star is set to make a long-awaited return to Brits’ TV screens today following her maternity leave. In a heartwarming post shared with her 695,000 Twitter followers, Rachel showed an insight into her backstage life now that her family has a new member. The picture showed baby Noa laying on her mum’s lap as the TV star was getting her makeup done. Rachel wrote: “I’m back on air ⁦@C4Countdown today and *might* be showing off what I’ve been busy with during mat leave (for anyone who likes baby spam!)” Fans of the presenter welcomed the update, which received more than 1,000 likes in just a few hours. Johnny_JI81 said: “Lovely, I can’t wait. She’s adorable.” 78SoylentGreen added: “Oh my word. She’s so cute. “When we gonna get to say hello?” (sic) Feesbabe typed: “Awww Rachel your little one is absolutely gorgeous. Love her to bits.” (sic) Rachel gave birth to her second daughter Noa in November and has been on maternity leave from the Channel 4 show since. But with Rachel’s return also comes farewell for Dr Anne-Marie Imafidon who stood in while she was off on maternity leave. Anne-Marie, who is a mathematician and entrepreneur, immediately made an impression with fans of the game show. She was voted the most influential woman in UK IT in 2020. DON’T MISS:Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [COMMENT]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT] However, she has bid farewell to viewers as Countdown announced her departure yesterday. The official Countdown Twitter account posted: "FAREWELL DOCTOR! Tune in to @Channel4 @ 2:10pm for the incredible @aimafidon’s final episode with our Countdown Family. "You’ve been an absolute pleasure, joy & an inspiration - big love from all of us." Anne-Marie wrote on her Twitter account: "It's been a blast. That's all, folks! “Handing it back in one piece to @RachelRileyRR from tomorrow." Rachel thanked Anne-Marie for stepping up and fulfilling the role, saying: "You made it your own! "Thanks for keeping my numbers warm. “Don’t know how I’m supposed to compete with your blue lip makeup game."