People going through the menopause may not believe that exercising to stay fit and healthy could be having an adverse impact on their bodies. But Menopause Advisor Eileen Durward, warned that doing too much can be just as bad as doing too little. There are certain ways to incorporate exercise into your schedule in a way that doesn't drain energy and worsen any symptoms. "There is a big difference between sensible exercise and over-doing it," Durward said. "I get so many women who are really fit and healthy and who, up to the menopause, would think nothing of running marathons, cycling for miles, doing hour long sessions at the gym every day and major stuff at the weekend, but who now are totally fatigued and wonder where their hard-earned fitness has gone." Working from experience, she listed a few key points to remember if a person is overly active but is going through "the change". READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure "If you do, this can affect your recovery time and your metabolism can slow right down," Durward warned. "It is very common in the menopause for women to find that, even though they are exercising every day, they are putting weight on." She revealed that exercising daily can promote adrenal (hormones that help regulate your metabolism, immune system, blood pressure, response to stress and other essential functions) fatigue. She suggested having at least two rest days a week to allow the body to recharge. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Durward advised to have "lots of rest and relaxation" to help the body adapt to all the changes going on inside. Stress and anxiety can also be a side-affect and can affect the nervous system by "eating up" reserves of magnesium, which is needed for mood, relaxation, sleep and muscle function – all vital for exercise. "I know fit ladies don’t want to give up their sport but in the menopause it may be necessary to wind down for a while in order to survive!" she said. Protein powders are consumed by people of all ages and fitness levels. So for those who need an extra added boost to meet their nutritional needs, a good protein supplement can be the way forward. During the menopause, a person's nutritional needs go "sky high". Try different forms of exercise that include both low and high-intensity movements. "Ones that are seemingly more gentle can be really good for the menopause," Durward said. These include yoga, swimming - "even walking 20 minutes a day can be really beneficial, and these will keep your body going until your energy levels increase," she explained. Durward ended her David on a positive note, revealing that if a person pans their menopause "wisely", they will more than likely come through their "energy crisis" and be just as fit as before.