The US President made the warning on Thursday during the traditional St Patrick’s Day shamrock ceremony in The White House. Mr Biden spoke of the positive relations the US has with Ireland but also touched on the controversies around the Northern Ireland Protocol.  He said: “Our nations both are deeply committed to protecting the hard-won gains of peace in Northern Ireland. “The Good Friday Agreement has been the foundation of peace and prosperity in Northern Ireland for nearly 25 years. “It cannot change.” The 1998 Good Friday agreement was endorsed by voters in referendums in both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.  It created a power sharing agreement in the form of The Northern Ireland Assembly, decommissioning of paramilitary weapons and the cessation of violence. However, there are fears that the strong opposition of both Unionists and Loyalists to The Northern Ireland Protocol could destabilise the peace in the region. The agreement has created a trade border in the Irish sea between Great Britain and Northern Ireland. As a result, Northern Ireland still has to follow certain EU customs rules even though the UK left the EU two years ago.  READ MORE:Have Your Say: Remainers jubilant at Project Fear 'coming true' but...  Mr Biden said the US would work with all communities in Northern Ireland. He said: “The United States stands ready to work with all the communities of Northern Ireland to ensure its extraordinary economic potential and ensure that it’s realised, and we look forward to supporting the next Northern Ireland Executive after the upcoming Assembly elections, which are on their way.” Elections to Stormont are due in May during a very unstable period in Northern Irish politics. First Minister Paul Givan resigned earlier this year in a protest coordinated by the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) against the protocol. DON'T MISS: Vladimir Putin 'shocked' as EU policy spectacularly backfires [REVEAL] Brexit LIVE: Truss 'ready' to torpedo hated deal from NEXT WEEK  [INSIGHT] Fury as DWP to close dozens of offices across UK [SPOTLIGHT]  As a result, Deputy First Minister Michelle O’Neill was also automatically removed from the joint office. According to opinion polls conducted last month Sinn Fein is on course to be the largest party meaning Ms O’Neill may return as First Minister. 