  Richard Arnold, 52, attended the BAFTA Awards earlier this month and shared his thoughts on presenter Rebel Wilson whilst appearing at the Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest. The Entertainment Editor for Good Morning Britain revealed he thought Rebel, 42, had done a “great job” despite her fears of “being cancelled”.     Richard told Express.co.uk exactly what he thought of the Australian star’s presenting skills in an exclusive interview. Reflecting on the Pitch Perfect actress’ performance at the BAFTAs, he confirmed: “I love Rebel." “I think she herself said that, you know, when you host these events your head really is on the chopping block and I know she was worried about being cancelled. “Previously, her appearances on the BAFTAs have gone viral, which I'm sure is why she was picked for the occasion. And I thought she did a great job. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts    “There were always those moments at these award ceremonies where you think you're playing to the home crowd because they're all your colleagues in the business and we've all been there. “I mean, obviously, I've never been asked to host the BAFTAs,” Richard laughed. “But those moments where you're on stage and you go a bit clammy palmed because you wonder whether or not your gag has landed in the right place. “And there's this sort of the waft of tumbleweed coming through the room, you know, or a deafening silence.       “But I thought she did a great job, you know,” he added. “And certainly spiced it up.” Reflecting on the way celebrities generally feel at red carpet events like the BAFTAs, Richard suggested the celebrities present rarely feel at ease. He said: “You know, and these events, it's an interesting one. “Because I don't think I've ever met anyone - really, truly - who enjoys walking up the red carpet if you're in the public eye. READ MORE... Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [LATEST] Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions [NEWS]     “I mean, everybody loves to frock up, of course, but it's not the most natural of situations. “Especially when all eyes are on you and you're terrified about saying the wrong thing. “But I know that the relief is palpable when they get to the end of the red carpet,” he continued. “And frankly, they can have a refreshing beverage, a little drink of something stronger and just actually enjoy the night with their colleagues.”     Aussie comedian Rebel came to prominence globally in 2011 film Bridesmaids alongside stars like Melissa McCarthy and Kristen Wiig. She went on to play Fat Amy in the musical comedy Pitch Perfect film series between 2012 and 2017, which earned her an MTV Movie Award for Best Breakthrough Performance and a Teen Choice Award for Choice Movie Actress. The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, is currently on at Olympia London until Sunday 27th March 2022. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.    