The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have already publicly expressed their support to Ukraine following Vladimir Putin's invasion of the country. The royal couple have also made a private donation to the Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC) humanitarian appeal, the Telegraph reports. The donation is the latest show of support for Ukraine by members of the Royal Family. The Queen has also made a donation to the DEC fundraiser. The DEC tweeted yesterday: "Many thanks to Her Majesty The Queen for continuing to support the Disasters Emergency Committee and for making a generous donation to the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal." The organisation, made up of 15 UK charities, launched the fundraiser on Thursday to provide emergency relief to those who have left their homes in the wake of Russia's invasion. The DEC appeal aims to raise funds, which will be distributed to charities responding on the ground in Ukraine, Moldova, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia and Poland, giving people food, water and shelter. Last Saturday, the Cambridges took to Twitter to share their solidarity with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and "all of Ukraine's people". The tweet included the flag of Ukraine and was personally signed off with their initials. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘sure to return’ to UK this month despite police dispute William and Kate wrote: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine's future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future W & C." In October 2020, William and Kate welcomed Mr Zelensky and his wife Olena to Buckingham Palace for an audience on behalf of the Queen. On Tuesday, the Ukrainian President thanked the royal couple for their backing. DON'T MISSRoyal Family LIVE: Photographer lets slip 'miserable' Sussexes [LIVE BLOG]Kate's choice analysed as she avoids being 'untouchable figure' [ANALYSIS]Royal baby? Three times Kate has hinted hopes for a fourth baby [INSIGHT] Mr Zelensky tweeted: "Olena and I are grateful to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge RoyalFamily that at this crucial time, when Ukraine is courageously opposing Russia's invasion, they stand by our country and support our brave citizens. Good will triumph." Commenting on William and Kate's tweet, Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty Magazine, said: "An unusual move on the part of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge - W & C to indicate their personal involvement - and a clear sign of how strongly they feel about the situation in Ukraine. "But they're not the first royals to comment; the King and Queen of the Netherlands released a statement on Thursday." Royal biographer Hugo Vickers said he would describe the tweet as "more humanitarian than political", adding: "I am sure it will be welcomed by the British public." Prince Charles and Camilla have also shown their support for Ukrainians in the face of the Russian onslaught. The Duchess of Cornwall was visibly emotional during a visit to the Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral in London with the Prince of Wales on Wednesday. Charles said: "I must say my wife and I have been deeply moved by everything we've heard today during our visit and above all by the extraordinary bravery, generosity and fortitude of the Ukrainian community in the face of such truly terrible aggression." Charles and Camilla lit candles and left floral tributes at the cathedral. Express.co.uk has contacted Kensington Palace for comment.