CAPRICORNS, the masters of discipline, are known for their “can do” attitudes and unwavering pragmatism - and it’s no surprise Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, falls into this star sign. Here are the zodiac traits that make total sense for the Duchess. Kate Middleton appears to emulate all of the core characteristics of a Capricorn, which certainly pay off well in aiding her with the Royal card she’s been dealt. As career-focused perfectionists, Co-Star notes Capricorns to hold stable positions of power, who are prone to “collecting responsibility” - definitely something Kate isn’t short of. From parenting to leadership style, a Capricorn’s ambitious nature transcends all and any of their duties - they are known to crave success, urging themselves and others around them to strive for excellence. Co-Star said: “From a young age, it is impressed upon [Capricorns] that their whole sense of worth and meaning is based on their ability to hunker down and force their way to the finish. This turns them into achievement junkies.” These traits certainly pertain to Kate, mother of three, as her strong work ethic and frequent public engagements are often in the public eye. READ MORE: Kate’s flat where she lived before marriage sold for £1.8m   Buckingham Palace insider Ms Nicholl told ITV’s Lorraine: "I think [Prince] William is enormously proud of how well Kate has adapted. She continued: "I remember being told by a palace aide how Kate had gone into Buckingham Palace when the engagement was announced and said 'right, what do I need to know? Tell me everything, help me learn the ropes so I know what to do when I'm on engagement.'" Described as “masters of discipline”, Capricorns tend to be motivated by duty, constantly competing with themselves to succeed. Co-Star said: “Capricorns plough through adversity with blinders on until they reach success.”  The strict accountability Capricorns hold themselves to naturally filters through to their parenting style, which can lead them to become stricter parents. Capricorns have a tendency to be more stern with their children, placing heavy emphasis on the importance of structure and achievement. Astrologer Linda Furiate said Capricorn parents may encourage “a highly structured and disciplined lifestyle” on their children. However, while their exacting standards can be seem quite demanding, Capricorns are also incredibly expressive, nurturing, and supportive to those they care about.  DON'T MISS: Kate watches her prince in uniform before leaving in Land Rover [BREAKING]Kate Middleton stuns in white lace Alexander McQueen dress [PICTURES]Kate and Prince William are 'future of the Monarchy', expert says [INSIGHT]    Kate seems to aptly reflect these traits through activities with her children - where she got stuck into homeschooling during lockdown, providing a full-structured day, as well as setting aside time to help the children with projects and cook in the kitchen. Kate told BBC: “Don’t tell the children, we’ve actually kept it [homeschooling] going through the holidays,” She continued: “I feel very mean! The children have got such stamina, I don’t know how.” However, this nurturing nature also extends to her Royal duties and charity work, with children’s welfare often positioned at the forefront of her charitable ventures.  Kate has worked with many children's organisations over the years, including Place2Be, Family Action, and the Anna Freud National Centre for Children and Families, launching a childhood development survey to formative years and determine how best to parent the next generation. So, as a sign that exudes pragmatism, ambition, responsibility, yet a nurturing sensitivity, Kate sports all of the traits for a great leader, parent, and role model. Co-Star said: "Capricorns don’t want to be admired, but they do want to be respected." And, although admiration is absolutely apparent regardless if the Capricorn wants it or not, respect has definitely been earnt for Kate. 