Kate Middleton, 40, is mother to Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six and Prince Louis, three. Last year, the Duchess of Cambridge launched the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which drives focus on the impact of the early years to transform society for future generations. But what are her tricks for being able to be so natural with small children and her own children?  Kate is often seen sharing home pictures and clips of her children for the public. She also has brought her eldest son and heir to the throne, Prince George, to several royal functions lately, mainly sports games such as rugby and football. These glimpses allow experts and royal fans alike to see how the Duchess operates as a mother. Kimberley Wiltshire, a primary school teacher and owner of Catkin Toys spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. READ MORE: Kate Middleton’s 'crippling fear' within Royal Family role  She said: “If you’ve ever seen a photograph of Kate speaking to one of her children, you will notice that she is almost always crouched down and speaking at eye level with her child. “This is often referred to as ‘active listening’. “It is an effective parenting strategy you could introduce today to make your parenting journey easier while building a better relationship with your child in the process! “Being on your child’s level makes them more inclined to listen to what you are saying as they can easily make eye contact and hear your words clearly.  “Furthermore, it allows your child to feel more in control,” the expert noted. Kimberley continued: “It sends a clear message that you are prepared to listen and engage with them, too. “It also helps avoid feelings of frustration as you are much more likely to speak in a quiet and calm manner without emotions spilling over for both you and your child. “So next time those toys need tidying away or it’s time to leave the play area, why not try crouching down to their level and giving active listening a try!”  Kate has openly spoken about her daughter Charlotte’s love of snacking on olives, and also Louis’ love of beetroot, which she told Dame Mary Berry in 2019. But how can other parents ensure their children eat more healthily like the Duchess? Louise Reed, the owner of Little Nutkins, an online children’s store based in Vale of Glamorgan, Wales, also spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Kate’s ability to get her children to eat healthily. She said: “The royal children eating healthily could be a total fluke, or it could be amazing parents (or more likely good nannies in their case), but we’ll never know.  “As a parent and owner of a children’s business, I know that children can change their eating habits overnight. “What they once loved may become a definite no-no in a matter of days. “Of course, exposing children to healthy foods and seeing adults eat well will encourage children to eat healthy too. “But every parent, child and family is different, so it’s best not to compare.” 