On a day that saw the fighting intensify, Kremlin forces hit several more cities with heavy shelling for the first time. Forces switched their focus west of the capital in a significant widening of the invasion as Lutsk, Ivano-Frankivsk and Dnipro were hit by air strikes. And Putin aims to tighten his stranglehold on the country with the advance on Kyiv. One senior US defence official warned the invaders had moved three miles closer to the capital in the past 24 hours. And satellite images showed Russian soldiers advancing and redeploying into surrounding forests in an attack formation. The ominous show of force includes a 40-mile convoy of tanks and other heavy artillery, with troops setting up rocket launchers 18 miles from Kyiv - well within firing range of the capital. But they may not have reckoned on the warrior spirit of mayor Vitali Klitschko and the people of his city. The former world champion boxer has been saying since the start of the invasion that Kyivites will fight to the death. And Mykhailo, 35, one of the two million residents out of the city's four million population to stay behind, insisted: "No one is going to surrender. If Russia continues, it's going to be the same as the Vietnam War for the US or Afghanistan for USSR. "I've strengthened my windows with duct tape and cardboard, moved the mattress close to the exit. I did my best to be safe." The capital is thought to have enough supplies to last a few weeks and supply lines in and out currently remain open. Mykhailo added: "Kyiv looks like a fortress. Incredible people. Everything is even more surreal.The only thing I miss right now is my Friday evening pub visit with my buddies and beer." But as the capital holds its breath, Putin's bombardment across Ukraine intensified.  An airfield and jet engine factory were targeted in Lutsk in the north-west. While in Dnipro, a major stronghold in central-eastern Ukraine, one person was killed in airstrikes that levelled much of the city. Explosions were also reported in Ivano-Frankivsk, in the south-west. In the newly targeted cities, there was terror and panic. Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhaylo Podolyak said the escalation of hostilities had seen "big cities subjected to devastating blows". He added: "Russia's destructive war against civilians and major cities continues." The mayor of Ivano-Frankivsk, Ruslan Martskinkiv, confirmed Russian shelling. In a Facebook message, he said: "The enemy struck Frankivsk." He urged people not to share photos and videos of the explosions but appeared to suggest a missile strike alarm system did not work. And he warned residents of city districts: "Keep at home for your safety! When the danger passes - I will let you know." As Putin radically widened his onslaught, Russia's Defence Ministry later confirmed the strikes on Lutsk and Ivano-Frankivsk. Moscow defence officials claimed their "high-precision, long-range attacks" had struck two military airfields in the cities.  But military strategists warned that yesterday's heavy bombing marked new territory for the Russian attack, which has previously focused on Kyiv and cities in the east and south. This saw blasts in metropolitan areas on opposite sides of the country. A care home for the disabled was hit near the northern city of Kharkiv yesterday with more than 300 people inside It is understood no one was killed in the strike at Oskil. But Kharkiv official Oleg Sinegubov accused Russia of a "war crime" by targeting the facility. He said 63 residents been evacuated but could not give an update on the other 267. Putin's forces were also now said to be planning to encircle several more cities, with emergency officials warning that siege-like tactics will mean that more end up like Mariupol - which is running out of food, power and water. PresidentVolodymyr Zelensky, who gave a video address yesterday, said not a single civilian had been able to leave the southern port city although 40,000 people were evacuated from five other major centres. He blamed Russian shelling for again breaking a ceasefire in Mariupol where a maternity and children's hospital was targeted earlier this week in a further war crime, killing one child and two adults. Ukrainian authorities hope a "humanitarian corridor" could soon be successfully reopened for civilians to leave. Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said residents in the battered city were cowering under fire and have now been without vital supplies for more than a week. She added that some planned escapes succeeded, including 1,000 people evacuated from the village ofVorzel in the Kyiv region. But invading troops stopped other civilians trying to flee in buses from the same area.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Russia was accused of violating international law by abducting the mayor of Melitopol in the south east. But the invaders have not commented on the fate of official Ivan Fedorov. A convoy of about 225 people in 50 cars and a bus did successfully set out from the city of Enerhodar, heading to nearby Zaporizhzhia in eastern Ukraine. Russia's defence ministry claimed it would open humanitarian corridors from Kyiv, Sumy, Kharkiv, Mariupol and Chernihiv. But the United Nations Human Rights office said yesterday at least 564 civilians have been killed during the invasion so far - though Ukraine says the actual figure is likely to be much higher. The conflict is not going all the way of the Russians. Western officials yesterday confirmed a third major general has been killed, adding that he was from Russia's eastern military district. They would not name him, but Ukraine's military said Major General Andrei Kolesnikov, commander of the 29th army of Russia's eastern district, had been killed.  Analysts have previously said that the presence of high-ranking military figures on or near the battlefield could be a sign that Putin's cruel operation is not going to plan. And hours before yesterday's intensified onslaught began, the UK's Ministry of Defence warned that it was still "highly unlikely" Russia had successfully achieved its invasion plan but will likely "re-posture" for a renewed offensive. Meanwhile, it emerged yesterday that Russia's invasion has caused £91billion in damages to Ukraine's economy. Minister Denys Kudin said some 75 per cent of businesses in war-hit areas had stopped operating. And he added that most of the important metallurgical enterprises in eastern Ukraine - which make up a "significant share" of overall exports - were not working. Meanwhile, Meta, the company that owns Facebook and Instagram, said it would suspend rules banning violent speech in order to allow users in certain countries to call for the deaths of Russian soldiers. 