Head of the Russian Space Agency, Dmitry Rogozin, sent a terrifying warning that Russia may abandon Mark Vande Hei, the US astronaut aboard the ISS. Mr Vande Hei was set to return to Earth aboard a Russian spacecraft in three weeks' time. Mr Rogozin posted a threatening video on social media casting doubt over the astronaut's safety.  He also warned that without the help from Russia to move the ISS away from space junk, the station would crash into the US. Former US astronaut Scott Kelly has reacted furiously to the threat. He told ABC News: "I never thought I would hear anything so outrageous." But Mr Kelly was not convinced about Russia's threat to the safety of Americans. He said: "I think it is just a crazy threat. It is not really based on reality. "We do have the ability to control the orbit of the space station independent of the Russian space agency, so I don't really see that happening." The ISS is currently split into two sections. There is the Russian Orbital Segment controlled by Russia, and the United States Orbital Segment operated by the U.S. READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated  But the recent feud just marks the latest in an ongoing back-and-forth between the two space collaborators, whose relations have soured over the crippling US sanctions slapped on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine. Last week, tensions soared between Mr Rogozin and Mr Kelly when the pair had a public spat on social media. Mr Rogozin shared a video showing Russian astronauts covering up British and American flags on Russia's Soyuz rocket. He wrote: “The launchers at Baikonur decided that without the flags of some countries, our rocket would look more beautiful.” DON'T MISS Xi Jinping on path to conflict with Putin as China could STARVE [REPORT] Chernobyl crisis: Lukashenko turns on Putin to secure nuclear plant [INSIGHT] Brexit Britain goes ’full steam ahead’ with £6bn Five Eyes plan [REVEAL] Mr Kelly responded to the post: "Without those flags and the foreign exchange they bring in, your space program won't be worth a damn. Maybe you can find a job at McDonald's if McDonald's still exists in Russia." His comment comes after McDonald's closed all its restaurants in Russia in response to its attack on Ukraine. : Russia's space agency, Roscosmos, has also announced that it will stop rocket engines to US companies. And last week, Russia refused to send OneWeb satellites into space despite a scheduled launch last week. The company, which is partly British owned as the Government holds a share, was relying on Russia as a launch partner to help complete its 648 satellite constellation. 