Max Verstappen's second-place finish in qualifying has given him an increased chance of starting the new Formula One season superbly ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix opener on Sunday. And with the track limits being revised from last season, the Dutchman has said the new regulations are 'all good' ahead of his gruelling clash in the middle east.  The track limits last season saw drivers being given different instructions on the enforcement of limits at turn four during qualifying and the race. Drivers were notably confused at proceedings, and track limits remained to be so throughout the year following the uncertainty from the first race. Given the highly controversial climax to last season's Championship campaign as Verstappen edged Lewis Hamilton to the title in the most unprecedented of situations, regulations and rule enforcements on the track are now being scrutinised like never before. Stars including Hamilton and Verstappen criticised last year’s arrangement as “confusing”. But new man Niels Wittich - who has replaced Michael Masi as the FIA race director - has given a more straightforward policy towards the new season. And Verstappen has noticed the change, praising it highly by calling it "very clear". Furthermore, pole-winner Charles Leclerc agreed with the statement. “It has been very clear,” he said. “You just need to have one wheel within the white line, everywhere, which I think is good.” “I would maybe prefer to have the kerb because you feel it a little bit more,” said Leclerc. But if it’s consistent, the white line is great, too. And it was very clear for me.” Monaco-born Leclerc posted a fastest time of 1:30:558 under the impressive Ferrari model, with Verstappen posting a time of .123 seconds slower.  Elsewhere, Ferrari's other star Carlos Sainz Jr. completes the top three. Mercedes' British stars Hamilton and George Russell came fifth and ninth respectively, a poor showing for the Silver Arrows after last season's superb campaign. Hamilton will look to win the race for the fourth year running after he took the gold medal last season. 