Brighton band Royal Blood swept into Swansea for the first night of their 2022 tour and left nobody in any doubt they are now seriously established players on the global rock scene. Chosen as the first music act to perform at the city’s impressive new arena, the duo stormed through a set of career-spanning favourites to a riotous crowd. With three UK number one albums in their back catalogue to handpick tunes from, the pair looked ready to kick off their tour and an already well-oiled Welsh crowd provided the perfect audience. Wales’ rugby match earlier in the day had lent Swansea something of a ‘delicate’ atmosphere before the gig and the town’s rock fans were ready to let loose. The band emerged to whistles and a backdrop of blue smoke with the pulsing urgency of recent smash Typhoons setting the tone. Pretty soon the 3,000-strong crowd were whipped up into a frenzy as radio hits like ‘Lights Out’, ‘Come on Over’ and ‘Trouble’s coming’ swarmed the arena. Read more: Apple Music is DOWN: Spotify streaming rival is not working in the UK   Drummer Ben Thatcher was a brooding presence sitting atop an elevated drum riser, baseball cap on as always and swigging from a bottle of tequila between songs. His beats echoed thunderously around the new venue, the bass drum sending reverberations through beer-soaked feet and urging the crowd on. Meanwhile singer Mike Kerr has matured into a true rock star, his vocals better than ever and his model looks not suffering at all from the enormous screens. DON'T MISSMichael Jackson apologised for 'stealing' his biggest hit single [INTERVIEW]Billy Idol guitarist Steve Stevens true feelings on Rebel Yell ray gun [INSIGHT]ABBA London shows tickets: Best seats STILL available for opening week [INSIGHT] At one point Kerr commanded the crowd in a Freddie Mercury at Live Aid fashion as plastic pint glasses flew through the air. His bass-playing is now a wonder to behold, a mix of fretwork and pedal-use that produces a sound as big as most five-piece rock outfits. And that sound seemed perfect for the new arena.  The new Swansea venue is a futuristic looking place; clad entirely in gold inside and out, it has a thirty feet-high digital facade which proudly advertised the band's name in lights on the gleaming exterior. While there were some first night teething issues it will no doubt host some memorable gigs in the future. By the time established classics like 2011’s ‘Figure it out’ were let loose (“Can’t believe this is now an old one” said Mike by introducing it) the atmosphere was almost frenzied. Hundreds of shirtless locals formed swirling mosh pits as the first fifteen rows of the crowd descended into whirling fists and pogoing. It was hard to tell if this was a normal Saturday night in Swansea or the cathartic actions of a boozy rugby crowd after watching the national team lose, but either way the anthemic fuzz and cymbal smashes of ‘Out of the Black’ were the perfect backdrop. After the gig was done and young and old filed out exhausted into a freezing wind blowing in off the sea there was a sense that Royal Blood had started off a tour by carving their name into the town’s history.