 The Argentine was returning from international duty when the accident occurred. A spokesperson has since confirmed to Express Sport that Lanzini is unhurt and has undergone medical checks at the club. The Sun claimed motorists watched on in horror as the vehicle carrying the 29-year-old flipped on its side. Firefighters are said to have raced to the scene but Lanzini walked away without injuries. The crash took place at around 2:30PM on Thursday afternoon. Lanzini was on his way to the club's training complex in East London after returning from international duty. JUST IN: Arsenal receive Nunez transfer boost as Benfica slash price in half An unnamed source told the publication that Lanzini could have been killed in the accident: "It's a miracle he's alive, from what I've heard. This was an incredibly near miss and could have killed Lanzini and the driver. "It's common for West Ham players to use a chauffeur service - especially for those who live in town. They were on a dual carriageway so it could have caused complete carnage. "Just goes to show, it doesn't matter how much cash you have - we're all just as vulnerable to a smash like this. Thank goodness he was okay." DON'T MISS...18,000 sign petition to stop Ricketts family buying ChelseaMan Utd target Christopher Nkunku ‘wants Leipzig to accept lower fee'Arsenal receive Nunez transfer boost as Benfica slash price in half  A West Ham club spokesperson confirmed to Express Sport: "He was returning to the training ground from international duty and was involved in an accident on the A12 near the training ground. "He walked away from the accident and has been assessed and is absolutely fine." Lanzini has made 35 appearances across all competitions for West Ham this season. He has scored six goals, with four of those coming in the Premier League.    The former Al-Jazira man has played in seven of the club’s Europa League matches and will likely be involved in their Europa League quarter-final clash with Lyon next Thursday. The East Londoners host the French side in the first leg. Moyes’ side beat Sevilla in a thrilling last-16 tie. Ukrainian forward Andriy Yarmolenko struck an emotional winning goal at the London Stadium. It is not yet clear whether Lanzini will be fit to face Everton on Sunday. He was an unused substitute in both of Argentina’s fixtures this week – a 3-0 victory over Venezuela and a 1-1 draw with Ecuador. 