Cristiano Ronaldo could give Manchester United a key advantage in their potential pursuit of Tottenham superstar Harry Kane this summer. United are expected to prioritise signing a striker ahead of the 2022/23 season, and Ronaldo could go a long way in persuading Kane to join. The Athletic report a new right-winger, defensive midfielder and advanced midfielder will also be on the agenda during the summer transfer window. However, recruiting a frontman to replace the departing Edinson Cavani is at the forefront of the club's plans. It's claimed that Kane would be near the striker shortlist summit after then-CEO Ed Woodward approached Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy last summer. Woodward had told Levy that a move for the 28-year-old would be shelved until 2022 after Jadon Sancho's £73million arrival. And with Kane's 2024 contract expiry growing closer, strikers around Europe have been contacted about potentially joining Spurs as his replacement this summer. Jorge Mendes has held talks over Benfica starlet Darwin Nunez and ex-Chelsea star Tammy Abraham. JUST IN: Tottenham 'ready to swoop' for Traore as Barca wait for Wolves verdict If Kane was to decide to push for an exit at the end of the season, United could have a free run at his services after Manchester City's failed pursuit last year. The Premier League champions are now set to go all-in for Borussia Dortmund's Erling Haaland. And Ronaldo, despite playing in a position making him competition for Kane, could be United's key to luring him to M16. The England captain will want a move that prioritises his longevity in the sport. His previous comments about Ronaldo suggest he would love to garner wisdom from one of the best-ever examples of sustained world-class performance. READ MORE: Newcastle recommended 'superstar signing' to take Howe's XI up a level Last year, he told Man Magazine: "I'm always looking for new ways to improve. I look at guys like Cristiano Ronaldo. To see him, at his age, doing what he's doing, the goals he's scoring, the records he's breaking – that's what I want to achieve. Look at the condition he keeps himself in – he's a role model. Despite Kane approaching 29 and having just two years of his contract remaining, he would likely demand a fee in excess of £100m this summer. If United were to have a go, he would be the club's record signing, surpassing the £89m handed to Juventus for Paul Pogba in 2016. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here