The Chase star Anne Hegerty has taken to Twitter to reveal that she's been forced to pull out of filming Beat The Chasers after having tested positive for Covid. During her announcement, The Governess, 63, also named the quizzer who would be replacing her as she recovers from the virus. In view of her 160,900 followers, the formidable quizzer told how she's feeling "fine" despite testing positive for Covid. Anne wrote: "Unfortunately I’ve contracted Covid-19 so won’t be filming this series of #BeatTheChasers. "The fantastic @Issa25 will be stepping in for me and I’m looking forward to watching the series when it’s on air later this year. "I feel fine, but I'm still positive! (in all respects)" she added. READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display in silky blouse The star explained she tested positive after initially thinking that she was just suffering from a cold. Social media user @ian_bill67 replied to Anne's post sharing his own experience of the virus. He wrote: "My wife is an NHS nurse and has managed to avoid covid for the past 2 years, we had 3 nights in Iceland a few weeks ago and she caught it." Responding, Anne said: "Yes, I too had swerved it for two years, assumed it was just a cold, did an LFT to be on the safe side..." (sic) Anne confirmed Issa Schultz, a Chaser on the Australian version of the programme, would be stepping in to replace her. However, some Twitter users revealed that they would have preferred a Chaser from close to home as Anne's replacement. @PwincessHanHan wrote: "Get well soon Anne. "No offence to Issa but don't we have any decent quizzers here to fill in for you? DON'T MISS... The Chase's Mark Labbett sparks frenzy as he teases 'big surprise' [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan slams economist for criticising Zelenskyy's appearance [ANALYSIS]Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family [UPDATE] "Still looking forward to the new series!!" they ended their comment. But Anne was quick to fire back, adding that the Australian native is an experienced Chaser. She wrote: "Issa is an actual Chaser and has already recorded BTC in Australia, so he knows what he's doing." @BillHayden 65 echoed the sentiment, chipping in: "Well if you're not on it I'll probably give it a miss," followed by a red heart. But Anne wrote back: "You should absolutely watch it, it will feature six SUPERB Chasers." Issa has plenty of quizzing experience being an eight-time winner of the Australian Quizzing Championships and a seven-time Pairs champion. He also came 23rd in the 2020 World Quizzing Championships. Nicknamed The Supernerd, the star has featured on the quiz show since its debut in 2015.