Married At First Sight Australia has been airing on E4 and the ninth series took place earlier in 2022. The quirky TV dating show saw Jessica Seracino dramatically quit following a huge row. Things blew up at their apartment following their honeymoon, and here's all we know about where Jessica is now. After their honeymoon in the coupling-up experiment, Jessica came to the realisation she had no connection with her husband Daniel. She told him they had not felt like an item even before the arguments started. The star said: "It clearly isn't working, and I'm not going to fake it and it's never going to work." Daniel told her she needed to be accountable for things she had done. She hit back saying she had owned all of her mistakes and she did not want to "fake" her feelings. READ MORE: Al Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Al Perkins now? The florist, 27, has seemed to have moved on since filming the series. She was seen shopping in Melbourne with a 'mystery man' at the start of March 2022. The star has not said much about her relationship status and has not confirmed whether she is dating again. She has stayed in touch with a number of her MAFS co-stars, including Olivia Frazer. Olivia and Jessica had been confiding in each other after Olivia's feud with Domenica Calarco. Earlier this month, Jessica was seen with Kate Laidlaw at Bryce Ruthven's 33rd birthday party in Melbourne. Her exit from the experiment was one of the most notable moments of the series. At the time Daniel said: "I'm feeling a bit shattered. How many times am I going to f*****g cry in one week? "Wow, I feel like I haven't cried in years, but in a week I've managed to cry eight times." After she left, bodybuilder Daniel, 31, asked his co-star Carolina Santos, 34, to pay him a visit. DON'T MISS... MAFS stars divulge 'draining' reality of E4 reality show [INSIGHT] Daniel Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Daniel Holmes now? [EXPLAINER] MAFS Australia’s Jackson defends Olivia after glass smash [DISCUSSION] They are now dating in real life, with Daniel saying: "Just the energy of being around Carolina is completely different to being around Jess. "To me, Carolina's vibe is kind of warm. "We have a bit of flirtatiousness towards each other, I like that. "There's just chemistry, I don't know." They then tried to re-enter the experiment as a couple but their request was rejected by the experts. Jessica is on Instagram and she describes herself as "intuitive and nurturing". She has not given much away about what she is up to now but has shared plenty of updates from the series. She owned her exit, sharing a photo from the dramatic moment with the caption: "Peace out!" The star has since been enjoying time with her friends.  Married At First Sight Australia airs on weeknights on E4 at 7.30pm.