The Duke of Edinburgh was left "spitting blood" after reading about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's plans to step back from royal duties and move to California, US on Instagram, Christopher Andersen wrote in Brothers and Wives: Inside the Private Lives of William, Kate, Harry and Meghan. According to an aide quoted in the book, Philip went straight to the Queen to express his "anger". The late Prince Philip, who as per Mr Andersen's revelations said he had no knowledge of how social media apps work, was "furious and deeply hurt" that the Sussexes did not inform senior royals before making their joint announcement. According to the aide, Philip, then 99, told the Monarch: "This shows a complete lack of respect." Confiding in one of his closest staff about his opinion of Meghan, he also said: "It appears as if we were wrong about her all along." Royal Family LIVE: William to make major apology in bid to save Queen's legacy Mr Anderson wrote the Duke of Edinburgh and his son, the Prince of Wales, had had a warm relationship with Meghan, 40. Their view, however, changed because of Megxit. The book claims the senior royals saw the Duchess as a twenty-first-century Wallis Simpson – the American socialite who married the Duke of Windsor, former King-Emperor Edward VIII, after Edward's abdication to be with her. The couple, amid heavy controversy, married in 1937 in a small ceremony with no family present and eventually left the UK, exiting their royal duties. Mr Anderson's book also claims Prince Charles's team found his reaction to the news of his son's and Meghan's planned departure "frightening". The heir to the throne allegedly had a phone conversation with Harry in which he told him to "try and fix this". The revelations sparked fresh questions about Harry's decision not to attend the memorial of his late grandfather at Westminster Abbey on March 29. Failure to attend the service comes as the Duke, 37, is embroiled in a legal row with the Home Office over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for his family while in Britain. DON'T MISSPrince Harry and Meghan Markle mocked after Oscars claim [INSIGHT]Queen releases new £14.99 botanical kitchen product [REVEAL]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [REPORT] Harry's biographer, Angela Levin, was critical of his approach. She told The Sun: "He has snubbed the Duke of Edinburgh but really he is snubbing the Queen. "He has got this all wrong. If he comes over for a royal event he gets police protection. What they won't do is, if he goes out with his friends he gets security. "He'll probably use this same excuse to try to get out of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations." Scrutiny was exacerbated by the Duke's confirmation he will travel to The Hague, in the Netherlands, for the Invictus Games, in April. Express.co.uk has approached Buckingham Palace and representatives for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex comment. The Palace has previously said when asked about Mr Andersen's book: "We don't comment on books of this kind as to do so risks giving it some form of authority or credibility."