Power cuts in London are causing havoc for residents and workers. Bystanders have said traffic lights are not working in parts of the city, which has led to confusion on London's busy roads, as well as causing internet outages in homes and offices in the middle of the working day. UK Power Networks have said the power outage is due to a "fault on a high voltage underground electricity cable". It has now been confirmed that a fire at Poplar substation is the cause of the power cut. The London Fire Brigade (LFB) confirmed it had been called to a blaze in Castor Lane, Poplar at 12.48pm on Tuesday. A spokesperson for the LFB said:  "Four fire engines and around 25 firefighters have been called to a fire at an electrical substation on Castor Lane in Poplar.     "Part of the ground floor of a two-storey electrical substation is alight. A 25-metre cordon is in place as a precaution." The LFB fire fighters currently at the scene includes staff from Shoreditch, Bethnal Green, Shadwell and Plaistow fire stations. The cause of the fire is not currently known. Station Commander Colin Digby, who is at the scene, said: "The fire is causing power outages which could affect around 38,000 customers.    DON'T MISSSunak hits back at Remainers: 'You can't disentangle' Brexit and Covid [REPORT]Met police confirm 20 fines over Covid rule-breaking lockdown parties [INSIGHT]April bill rises: Everything you'll be paying more for from this week [EXPLAINER] A map created by the company shows areas that mostly east London postcodes are affected - but some southern and northern areas of the city are also out of power. The fault is currently expected to be fixed between 2pm and 3pm, after being first reported at 12.27pm today. Traffic is also being affected along some of London's busiest roads. The Rotherhithe tunnel is currently closed in both directions and there are reports of queuing traffic.  Station Commander Mr Digby also confirmed that the Blackwall Tunnel is now closed. He said: "The whole of the Docklands Light Railway line is suspended. "Blackwall Tunnel and Rotherhithe Tunnel are also closed whilst crews work to make the scene safe." It is expected the disruption will last into rush hour this evening.