Laura Trevor, 23, needed hospital treatment after she and her seven-year-old Cavalier King Charles, Lady, were mauled between 5.30pm and 6.15pm on Monday, March 28. It is feared the owner of the other dog provided false details before disappearing at Park Hall Country Park in Weston Coyney, Stoke-on-Trent. The dog seized Lady's neck and Laura's friend was bitten as she tried to protect Lady, reports Stoke-on-Trent Live. Lady has five puncture wounds and may now need surgery. Laura said: "It has been traumatic. It was me and my friend. We were just about to get back in the car. Lady was on her lead - she's always on her lead. "I saw a woman who had a dog that wasn't on a lead. It looked like a Staffy cross. It was double the size of Lady. It walked over and it was wagging its tail. Its owner didn't call it. Then in a flash it turned." Laura, from Bucknall, Stoke-on-Trent, added: "The owner was shouting the dog - but just standing there. It just wouldn't let go. My dog is very gentle and didn't fight back at all. She was terrified. It eventually let go. I picked her up and took her lead off. "I saw she had a massive wound on the back of her neck. There was blood everywhere, even splashed up the side of the car. "She has five puncture wounds and may need surgery. I really thought it was going to kill her. She was treated for shock and is now on strong painkillers and antibiotics. It was awful. "She is such a friendly dog. Her tail is always wagging. Before this, if she was asleep you could stroke her and she'd wake up with her tail wagging. I have to shout her now to wake her or she yelps. "It keeps replaying in my head and seeing how much pain she was in. If the dog had been on a lead it wouldn't have happened. Lady is in a lot of pain and has a massive hole in her back. All of my family have dogs - we're a very animal-orientated family."   The dog's owner gave Laura her name and a phone number. She is described as short, of medium build, and she was wearing gym clothing. She had light brown hair, with the ends dyed blue-green. Staffordshire Police are appealing for witnesses following the attack.