Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick has held private talks with Cristiano Ronaldo and has told the blockbuster forward to be a leader on the pitch. And the German wants five other stars to step up as well. Ronaldo joined the Red Devils for the second time in August after United prised him away from Juventus. And the 37-year-old has racked-up an impressive 18 goals in 31 games for the Red Devils this season, despite coming under fire at times throughout the campaign. Ronaldo stole the headlines once again on Saturday as he fired in a hat-trick against Tottenham to become the highest ever scorer in the men’s game with 807 goals. His first effort was one of the finest he has ever scored in a United shirt as he thumped the ball into the top corner from 30 yards. Ronaldo has won a whole host of trophies throughout his illustrious career, including five Champions Leagues, four Club World Cups, three Premier Leagues and Euro 2016 with Portugal. He has also won five Ballon d’Ors. MUST READ: Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumours   Rangnick is all too aware of Ronaldo’s ability to impact teams and inspire those around him. But the 63-year-old doesn’t want the ace to be the only player leading the side. “Cristiano is an important player, of course,” Rangnick said after watching his side beat Spurs. “With his reputation and with the way he can still play, he has influence on the team for sure. “But there are also other players in the team who have to take responsibility, who have to perform, who can be leaders of the team. DON'T MISSPSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interestLiverpool star Luis Diaz 'being eaten by anxiety' despite superb startChelsea's XI next season if Blues blocked from new signings or selling     “He can be a leader with a performance like today. This is what I've been telling him since I arrived - that with a performance like today he can be one of the engines of the team. “But we have quite a few other players who can do the same, including Fred, Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof, whoever. “Even Edi [Edinson Cavani] when he came on [for] the last 10 or 15 minutes showed how important and what kind of role he can still play for the team. “I wish him to be available until the end of the season. It was a big shame and also not good for our team to not have him available in the last six weeks.”   United will now turn their attentions to the Champions League as they prepare to host Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night The sides played out a 1-1 draw in Spain last month - so United will be confident of seeing off Diego Simeone’s team in the second leg at Old Trafford.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here