The 18-year-old joins many of her relatives today in marking the life of the Duke of Edinburgh, who passed away last year aged 99. He will be remembered in a spectacular ceremony in Westminster Abbey as royals from across the globe, as well as hundreds of volunteers and those who knew him best, gather to celebrate his work. The likes of the Queen, Prince William and Prince Charles will be in attendance, as well as Prince Andrew. In a fitting tribute to her grandfather, Louise was seen driving a carriage around Windsor on Monday. Many suggest Louise will carry this tradition of Philip’s on into her adult years, the pair both sharing a passion for the pastime. Louise, who is the daughter of Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex, has been an avid fan of the sport for a number of years. She has been pictured with Sophie riding in a carriage, and was even responsible for leading the carriages of the Champagne Laurent-Perrier Meet of the British Driving Society at the Royal Windsor Horse Show in May 2017. Philip helped draw up the rules for how the sport is played and enjoyed the pastime into his nineties. In his 2004 book, entitled 30 Years On and Off the Box Seat, Philip discussed his passion for it. He wrote: “I am getting old, my reactions are getting slower, and my memory is unreliable, but I have never lost the sheer pleasure of driving a team through the British countryside. “I have been fortunate to have had a longer innings than most, and I have no intention of giving up while I have a team of willing ponies and dedicated staff and while I can still cope with the challenges which carriage driving presents me with. JUST IN: Lady Louise stuns royal fans during rare appearance – 'what a beauty' "What happens next is anyone’s guess.” Philip first took an interest in carriage-driving in his fifties when an injury forced him to stop playing polo. The Wessexes are known to be very close to the Queen, and indeed Philip before he died. They live the closest to Windsor Castle and would often pop over for tea or a horse ride with Her Majesty. DON'T MISS:Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward's £30million home is near Queen [INSIGHT]Inside Lady Louise Windsor’s 120-room Surrey home with Sophie Wessex [LATEST]Prince Edward lifts lid on watching Lady Louise grow up [UPDATE] Sophie told Sky News’ Rhiannon Mills in 2016 that they see “quite a lot” of the Queen because they spent “most weekends” at Windsor Castle. She added: “I think having those times together in the summer allows those relationships. “We’re a lot more fortunate because we live so much closer to the Queen. “So when she spends a lot of time in Windsor at weekends our children are more fortunate, because they can go over and have tea with her on a regular basis. “So we do see quite a lot of her and we’re over there most weekends riding, so she sees quite a lot of us. Lucky her!” In an adorable insight into the Queen and Louise’s relationship, Sophie once revealed that when her daughter was young she had “no concept” that her grandmother was the monarch. She only became aware of how important her grandmother was in national life when other children at school started to mention it. Sophie explained: “Louise had no concept, really, that the Queen and her grandmother were one and the same person. “It wasn't until she was at school where other children were mentioning and saying ‘Your grandmother’s Queen.’ “She’d come home and say ‘Mummy, they say that Grandmama is the Queen. “And I said ‘yes’ and she said ‘I don’t understand what they mean.”