Paulo Dybala has already spoken out on the prospect of joining Arsenal after previously being linked with the club during his Palermo days. The Gunners are one of several destinations to have been mooted for the Argentine following confirmation he will leave Juventus on a free transfer at the end of the season. Initially, talks over a new contract in Turin had taken place between the two parties. Yet the Old Lady were unable to strike an agreement and have since hesitated over extending Dybala's stay at the club. The 28-year-old has shown immense loyalty to Juventus since joining the club in 2015 having been handed the chance to depart on several occasions. Tottenham came close to landing the attacker in the summer of 2019 before image rights and other obstacles complicated a transfer. READ MORE: Tottenham and Arsenal 'to knock on Galatasaray's door' for Turkish star Kerem Akturkoglu Now the likes of Spurs, Arsenal, Inter Milan and Atletico Madrid will be handed the floor to secure a free transfer - should they wish to do so. While Arsenal appear to be outsiders and unlikely to pursue a deal, Dybala has already previously made it clear he would jump at the chance to join the club. Back in 2015 after starring with Palermo in Italy as a teenager, Arsene Wenger was believed to be plotting a move. That prompted Dybala to talk up a switch to the Emirates six months prior to joining Juventus. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clauseBarcelona humiliate Real Madrid to prove they're back as Aubameyang fires doubleTottenham and Arsenal 'to knock on Galatasaray's door' for Turkish star Kerem Akturkoglu “To know that someone like that (Wenger) thinks highly of me fills me with pride,” a fresh-faced Dybala said around seven years ago. “I can’t deny that going to Arsenal and playing in the Premier League would be great. But at the moment I’m a Palermo player.” Instead, Dybala would stay in Italy with Juve where he would go on to win five consecutive Serie A titles. There has already been some suggestion that Dybala will now head to La Liga to try a new league. Atletico Madrid would appear to be the front-runners in that respect with Real Madrid and Barcelona both expected to swerve any move for Dybala. Juventus CEO Maurizio Arrivabene confirmed on Monday night that Dybala would be leaving the club. “We won’t extend Paulo Dybala’s contract. We’re not gonna do any other proposal - the decision has been made," he said. Dybala is already free to negotiate with foreign clubs now he is in the final six months of his contract.