Middlesbrough ace Djed Spence is being tracked by up to 14 clubs ahead of what is set to be an almighty scramble for his signature in the summer. The 21-year-old wing-back has spent this season on loan at Nottingham Forest, where he has impressed with a string of eye-catching performances in the Championship and FA Cup. It was widely reported that Boro rejected two late bids from Tottenham in the January transfer window for Spence, with the Teesiders holding out for a fee of at least £15m. And Spurs may be left to rue their inability to get the deal over the line given the amount of competition they now face. Express Sport understands that at least a dozen clubs have sent scouts to watch Spence in recent months, including some of the biggest names in Spain and the Bundesliga along with the elite sides in the Premier League. Spence is still considering his options, but is open to a move abroad - paving the way for him to potentially take a leaf out of the likes of Jadon Sancho and Jude Bellingham's book. With no release clause in his contract a bidding war is anticipated when the summer window opens in July, and it seems highly unlikely that Middlesbrough will be able to resist a big-money offer for their player even if they gain promotion. Ultimately, however, Spence will make a decision based on which suitors best fit his attacking style of play, while he also has his eye on an England call-up having not featured at any level for his country so far. Reports claim that Arsenal and Liverpool are among those monitoring the situation, while it would be no surprise to see Borussia Dortmund in the equation given their interest in the English market of late. Spence has made 23 appearances in the Championship so far this season, and has been one of the stand-out players for Forest to help them stay in contention for a place in the play-offs. He has also played a big part in their stunning run to the FA Cup fifth round, inspiring the Reds to a clean sheet in a shock 1-0 win against Arsenal in the third round before scoring in the 4-1 thrashing over rivals Leicester City last month. High-profile figures such as Ian Wright have heaped praise on Spence, with the Gunners legend saying after their FA Cup tie: "That was one of the best right back performances I have seen for a very long time. A very long time. "If we are talking about right-backs performing at an unbelievable level, we're talking Reece James and Trent (Alexander-Arnold). "But I have not seen a combative, technical, swashbuckling performance like that for a very long time. I said to him, in all seriousness, 'that level we saw there? You should be in the Premier League'. Simple as that." Spence will next be in action when Forest travel to Sheffield United on Friday. Meanwhile, his parent club Boro will be looking to cause an almighty FA Cup upset when they host Spurs tonight.