Mr Grodecki claimed the attack was to provoke a NATO country into responding. The attack used cruise missiles, which were blasted close to Poland's border And there have been reported several deaths from the attack, authorities said they died instantly. The Polish Interior Minister believes the incident is a direct test from the Russian President Vladimir Putin.  Mr Grodecki: "Right now we know that... I know that you're referring probably to this bombing 20km from Lviv. "This is the provocation because it's happening on Western Ukraine. "Western Ukraine is relatively safe, is relatively safe but he's testing us. "For now we remain calm but, he needs to be prepared."  JUST IN: Putin braces for coup as 'disgruntled' top Russian generals turn on Kremlin chief The Ministry of Defence (MoD) made sure to confirm that there were no serving military personnel killed or injured in the explosions during the attack. A source told the Daily Mirror: “There were many more killed within the site than has been claimed and bodies are still being found. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky discussed the attack close to NATO borders. President Zelensky stated: “The shelling of the International Centre for Peacekeeping and Security killed 35 people and wounded 134 others. The Ministry of Defence has warned that Russia might be preparing to use chemical weapons on Ukraine. There has been much fear and speculation on the matter due to Russia using cluster bombs and thermobaric weapons already in Ukraine. The MoD said on Twitter: "Russian accusations that Ukraine intends to use chemical and biological weapons continue. "We have seen no evidence to support these accusations. "Russia could possibly be planning to use chemical or biological weapons in a ‘false-flag’ operation. "Such an operation could take the form of a faked attack, a staged ‘discovery’ of agents or munitions or fabricated evidence of alleged Ukrainian planning to use such weapons. "Intelligence suggests Russia likely intended to use ‘false-flag’ operations to justify their initial invasion of Ukraine on February 24. "A ‘false-flag’ attack would almost certainly be accompanied by extensive disinformation to complicate attribution."  