Liverpool and Manchester City will play the second legs of their Champions League last 16 ties this Tuesday and Wednesday, while Manchester United and Chelsea are both being made to wait until next week. With all four Premier League teams still firmly in contention to advance to the final eight and other mouthwatering ties taking place elsewhere in Europe, some sides could be forgiven for already having one eye on the next round which, luckily for fans, is not too far away. City and the Reds are both in control of their respective contests against Sporting Lisbon and Inter Milan. As both travelled for the first leg, the Sky Blues came back with a resounding 5-0 victory in their back pockets, while Jurgen Klopp's side managed an impressive 2-0 win over high-quality opposition. Next week, Chelsea travel to Lille where a win, draw or even defeat by a one-goal margain would be enough to see them through to the quarters. United may have the trickiest assignment, as they host Atletico Madrid with the contest finely balanced after a 1-1 first leg in the Spanish capital. JUST IN: Angry Man City boss Pep Guardiola gives brutal answer over Kyle Walker ban - 'Deserves it' Real Madrid and PSG face off on Wednesday, in a blockbuster two-legged contest which will see one of the tournament favourites sent packing. Elsewhere in the last 16, Bayern Munich are currently level with RB Salzburg, and the same is true for Ajax against Benfica, and Juventus with Villarreal. This season marks a major change in knockout fixture format, with the away goals rule no longer in force. A level scoreline after 90 minutes and extra-time will see the match go to penalties. DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Man Utd 'add boss mentioned by Paul Scholes to shortlist' despite Ten Hag 'agreement' [REPORT] The Champions League quarter-final draw will take place at 11am (GMT) on Friday March 18. It will be carried out at the House of European Football in Nyon, Switzerland. The balls will be drawn live on BT Sport, with alternative coverage available on the UEFA website. As well as deciding which teams will face off in the final eight, the path to the semi-finals will also be determined in the same sitting, making it the final draw of this season's competition. From the quarter-finals onwards it is an open draw, meaning teams from the same country are allowed to play each other. There are no seedings, so deciding which team will play the home leg first depends on the order that balls are drawn. The Champions League final is scheduled to take place on May 28, having been moved from Saint Petersburg to Paris in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Last year's showdown in Porto was won by Chelsea, who pipped Man City 1-0 in a tense battle for Europe's top prize.