Our House is based on the novel of the same name by Louise Candlish. It follows an estranged husband and wife whose lives are changed when Fiona Lawson (played by Tuppence Middleton) returns home one day to find their property had been sold to another family. Her husband Bram (Martin Compston) is also mysteriously missing. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, Line of Duty star Martin opened up about why filming the series was so challenging. Martin was asked what he initially thought when he read the script for Our House. "I mean, he's [Bram] a guy full of contradictions, which is always fun to play," the 37-year-old explained. "I think when you play any character, I always try to find a bit of sympathy. "Bram just gets himself into some really morally shocking situations. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? "But you kind of have to be rooting for him in a way. "Otherwise, there's no sympathy from the audience and nobody cares what happens." He added: "I really don't like reading books or getting into a new TV series when I'm filming something, and I was on another job at the time. "And obviously, if you're looking for work you start reading it but the thing that just jumped out at me is I was really surprised. "You have this drama which is essentially about the breakdown of a marriage and a family and then it comes out with this classic ITV villain. "And they called when I was on that other job, so then it goes to the back of mind and it wasn't until I landed it I go 'holy f***, this is a journey'. "When we got there the first two weeks we were filming scenes where both the characters are just sort of breaking down and it was just spirals and spirals. "So, it was a tough old shoot, but one that was very enjoyable." DON'T MISS... Vanessa Feltz's sex talk leaves This Morning viewers ‘switching off' [REACTION]EastEnders triple exit as Gray Atkins arrested after killing two more? [SPOILERS]Martin Compston details reason Our House cast resented him [EXCLUSIVE] ontinuing, Martin explained how night shoots were tricky to film and how he "got lucky" with scenes. He continued: "We had a night shift in Milton Keynes, as you can imagine, all the crew dreading it but there was a point at like one or two in the morning, I was told 'right you're done.' "I could just see everybody looking at me like 'you little p****'." Talking about the biggest challenges, Tuppence replied: "I think every day was a challenge, to be honest." She added: "I found the whole shoot a challenge in a really great way. "That's what you always want as an actor, and sometimes you just get what you wish for. The series will flit between the earlier days of their marriage when they were loved up to the present day when things are a lot more complicated. Our House premieres on Monday, March 7, at 9pm on ITV.