Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand has snubbed Manchester United's Jadon Sancho, Chelsea's Mason Mount and Liverpool's Jordan Henderson alongside several other players in his desired England team for the 2022 Qatar World Cup. Gareth Southgate will look to guide the nation to at least the semi-final stage for a third consecutive major tournament but has big decisions to make. Southgate excluded Kyle Walker, Marcus Rashford and Sancho from his latest squad for March's international friendlies. And Sancho doesn't get in Ferdinand's line-up either despite the criticism of Southgate for the winger's omission, though the out-of-form Rashford's exclusion is less surprising. United legend Ferdinand however wants to see Walker recalled and start alongside two other right-backs in the team. But Liverpool captain Henderson, Manchester City duo John Stones and £100million man Jack Grealish and Arsenal's Bukayo Saka are also all notable absentees from the ex-England defender's team. And starting with his defence, he believes utilising a three-at-the-back system will give England the 'best chance' of success. He told Vibe with FIVE: "I'm going to go three-at-the-back as I think that's our best chance. [Harry] Maguire on the left, Kyle Walker central and Reece James on the right. Trent [Alexander-Arnold] at right wing-back and [Luke] Shaw left wing-back." JUST IN: Arsenal 'renew Youri Tielemans interest' as Gunners try to sign him In midfield, Ferdinand has snubbed Liverpool captain Henderson. He also wants Southgate to break up the successful partnership between Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips from Euro 2020 at the expense of the Leeds United star. The pundit said: "I'm going to go Declan [Rice] and [Jude] Bellingham." Chelsea ace Mason Mount doesn't make his team either, with City sensation Phil Foden getting the nod behind two England stalwarts. He added: "Foden in the hole and then two strikers - [Raheem] Sterling and [Harry] Kane." READ MORE: Arsenal star Kieran Tierney may need to apologise to Darwin Nunez The 43-year-old further explained his selections and how the team would play in Qatar later this year: "Reece James coming out with the ball coming into midfield because he can do that; he played midfield as a kid," Ferdinand continued. "Trent out on the right. Walker centre, he's covering the whole backline on his own. My midfield, Declan, Jude and Foden dropping in as a number 10 and coming back into midfield. Free role for Sterling, he can go where he wants, Kane holding the ball up and running behind." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here