Putin’s invasion of Ukraine more than four weeks ago has thrown the spotlight on his network of supporters and those close to him. Powerful businessmen allied with the Russian President have been slapped with crippling economic sanctions over the war in Ukraine. Meanwhile, as the conflict rages on, attention has also turned to Putin’s personal life and his family. The Kremlin despot has two daughters with his ex-wife Lyudmila Aleksandrovna Ocheretnaya, who he was married to from 1983 to 2014. The eldest is Mariya Vladimirovna Putina, born in 1985, while her younger sibling is Katerina Tikhonova, born a year later. However, Putin is rumoured to have had more than just two children as he is also said to be the father of Russian socialite Luiza Rozova, 19. Her mother, Svetlana Krivonogikh, a Russian millionaire, was romantically linked to the Russian President in the late Nineties and early Noughties. Luiza has refused to confirm or deny if she is Putin’s daughter after her supposed identity was made public by Russian investigative outlet Proekt Media, which was subsequently banned by the Kremlin. JUST IN: Ukraine poised to unleash deadly new weapon to rain hellfire on Putin's troops and tanks However, the teenager, who is a social media influencer, has publicly opened up about her fame after being linked to the Russian leader. In February last year, the socialite spoke to Andrey Zakharov, a journalist for the BBC Russian Service, who broke the story about her identity for Proekt. Speaking to Luiza on audio chat room app Clubhouse, he asked her if his investigation has caused her “trauma”. She replied: “Oh no, not at all. My life was so stagnant, I am very grateful for the chance to be in the limelight, that people heard about my account. “I'm not trying and never have to popularise myself. “I am feeling very well indeed, don't worry about me. “My life goes on, and all is well.” Luiza also confirmed that she was studying art and culture management at university in her home city St Petersburg. Mr Zakharov pressed her on whether she thought her new-found fame was solely a result of her being linked to Putin. She replied: “It looks like you know little about me. DON'T MISS: ‘We won’t destroy ourselves’ Hungary’s Orban's staggering response to ‘actor’ Zelensky [LATEST]Princess Eugenie's heartbreaking fear Beatrice helped young royal overcome [INSIGHT]POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock at the Oscars? [ANALYSIS] “I have nothing to do with politics, I do what I like. “Did you think that I would remove my account? “To hell, no! I live my life, I like fashion. “This is not my main passion, but I like it and I am not going to stop everything I've been doing in the past, how I lived and whom I saw because of your investigation.” Earlier this month, Luiza closed her Instagram account after backlash over Russia’s war in Ukraine. Multiple users commented on her posts, linking her to the bloody conflict being waged by Putin. The teenager, who ran her own fashion label before the war, had amassed some 84,000 followers by the time she took her account offline.