F1 could ditch its historic Monaco and Belgian Grands Prix in favour of new venues in a major shakeup of the calendar. Domenicali warns it was “not enough” for tracks to remain on the schedule just because they “have a pedigree”. He insists some circuits which have expiring agreements will “no longer be part of the calendar” in a major threat to several races. According to Autosport, Monaco and the Belgian race at Spa-Francorchamps have not concluded deals past this year. Other countries which could face the drop include France and Mexico's Grands Prix. He also suggested tracks could run on a rotational basis to spice up the calendar. Domenicali said: “We know we have to balance the arrival of new races with historic Grands Prix, and tracks that must continue to be part of our calendar. “The arrival of offers from new promoters has an advantage for the F1 platform, and that is to force the organisers of traditional Grands Prix to raise their level of quality, in terms of what they offer the public, and infrastructure and management of the event. READ MORE: Christian Horner makes prediction about Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes Domenicali “It's not enough to have a pedigree anymore. You also have to demonstrate that you are keeping up." He added: “There are some promoters who have expiring agreements, and probably some of the current Grands Prix will no longer be part of the calendar. Others will remain but in a different form, such as rotating between different tracks. “Soon the choices we are making will be announced, and you can expect some new Grands Prix. However, it is still not easy to plan everything in advance. DON'T MISSValtteri Bottas issues Mercedes rallying cry ahead of Bahrain GP [INSIGHT]FIA 'in talks with Michael Masi over new position' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton's reaction as Valtteri Bottas hunts down Toto Wolff [ANALYSIS] “If we take for example China, we will have to try to understand what will be the situation regarding the Covid issue in the future, as we did last year in view of 2022.” F1 has been forced to race at new venues in the past two seasons as a result of coronavirus. Mugello hosted the first-ever Tuscan Grand Prix while F1 also made its debut at the Losail circuit in Qatar. The Imola circuit also returned for the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix and has been rewarded with a new three-year deal. Turkey also returned for 2020 and 2021 delivering some excellent races at Istanbul Park.