The 59-year-old actress has returned to Netflix as the sharp-tongued Lady Danbury for season two of Bridgerton. The new season follows Anthony Bridgerton's (played by Jonathan Bailey) quest to find a wife. While Anthony and other characters starred in a host of racy scenes in season one, he is fully clothed throughout the majority of the new series. When Richard asked Adjoa why there were fewer steamy scenes in the new series, she was quick to hit back on Tuesday's instalment of Good Morning Britain. Susanna Reid joked her co-host Richard had been "complaining" about the toned-down sex scenes in the second series of Bridgerton after the racy scenes in the first outing were "enough to make anyone blush". After introducing viewers at home to Adjoa, Susanna wanted confirmation as to whether the Duke of Hastings (played by Regé-Jean Page) would ever return to the period drama following his popularity in season one. The actress sadly replied: "He's not coming back but it's okay, we had him for a while." The first season centred around the raunchy romance between the Duke of Hastings and Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) which put the two actors on the map. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air Swiftly moving onto the drama's sex scenes, Richard brazenly asked: "So what's happened to all of these sex scenes?" The first season of Bridgerton, which was produced by Shonda Rhimes, reportedly features a total of 15 sex scenes. A shocked Adjoa replied: "Richard, what is the particular interest here?" She continued: "No, look, the sex scenes are still there but they are not the graphic biology of season one."  As Susanna and Richard started giggling, she added: "Season two is much more about desire which is not quite satisfied and that's the sort of engine of the slight touch, the breath, the beating heart and all of that." The actress admitted: "I personally find it rather appealing." Richard then put the actress on the spot and asked if she was willing to participate in the series for another decade. She replied: "I think when you get into a fantastic show like this it is a joy to be in it but what the future holds is hard to say." DON'T MISS...Bridgerton's Nicola Coughlan wants 'family-friendly' sex scenes  [LATEST]Bridgerton season 2: Edwina star’s huge lie to avoid spoilers [INSIGHT]Bridgerton 'blunder': Experts point out Lady Danbury inaccuracy [EXCLUSIVE] Adjoa plays Lady Danbury who was the Duke of Hastings' mentor in the first season after his father rejected him as a child due to his speech impediment. In the second season, Lady Danbury takes newcomers Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) and her sister Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) under her wing as Edwina's in search of a husband. While little is known about the character's past, she opens up to Kate in the second season about becoming a widow. During the season Kate starts to fall for Anthony and becomes embroiled in a love triangle with him and her sister.  Although there may not be an on-screen romp in every scene, viewers get to watch the chemistry unfold between the pair. Ahead of the season airing, Kate actress Simone told Digital Spy: "I think you can represent that sexual connection between them not purely just through a sex scene but as we were saying through the touch of the hands, the breath, the eyes. "To me, those little details, the intricacies, that was a really interesting and a different way to represent how you can express yourself, intimately." Bridgerton seasons one and two are available to stream on Netflix. 