Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Gemini, the third sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Twins. Geminis are described as curious, affectionate, and kind. But what are their love traits and which star sign are they most compatible with? According to Horoscope.com, Geminis love to date so much that they consider the activity a “skill”. The astrologists said: “Gemini are great at drawing first dates out of their shells, and they rarely have a bad date – because this optimism-infused sign will always find something positive about the person they meet or the conversation they shared.” READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours However, it is difficult for Geminis to take the next step after a date. This may be due to the fact that they are independent and do not want to give that up for someone they are not 100 percent sure about. Horoscope.com continued: “And while Gemini aren't dishonest, their ruling planet Mercury makes them especially adept at telling others what they want to hear – which some might perceive as leading people on. “Gemini aren’t bound by convention. If they find themselves partnering with someone who isn’t the type that their friends or family would have expected, well, Gemini just don’t care. “Once in love, Gemini aren’t afraid to make their own rules (with their partner of course) about what the relationship looks like.” DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] Gemini’s best love match is Aries. This is perhaps because the fire sign is intense and passionate, just like Gemini. Both signs are also fiercely independent, which could result in an unconventional romance. Other signs Gemini is attracted to are Leo and Libra. But, what’s in store for Geminis today, March 10? Astrologists have urged those born under the Twins sign to “go with the flow”, saying: “Today's celestial atmosphere is encouraging you to forge ahead as far as one particular partnership is concerned, and at the same time making you acutely aware that what you are doing may be a little premature. “You are in a situation whereby you seem to be taking one step forward and two steps back. “Perhaps it is time to surrender and go with the flow.” As for the weekend, some issues could rise, but they do not need to be dealt with straight away. Horoscope.com explained: “A cosmic meetup between the sun and subconscious-driven Neptune in watery Pisces over the weekend brings up emotions that have been deeply hidden for some time. “In true Pisces style, however, you might choose to push them back down into your subliminal mind rather than deal with them right now.” But for some Pisces – those who are in a relationship or a potential relationship, Neptune in Pisces could “cause confusion and prevent you from making good decisions”. The astrologists added: “If you’re having any doubts, hold off. There’s no need to rush into anything before you’re ready, Gemini.”