The Duchess of Cornwall recently hosted a reception at Clarence House to mark International Women’s Day. Camilla invited 90 incredible women for her first in-person celebration of the occasion in two years. The guest list included former Spice Girl turned Women's Aid ambassador, Mel B, Inna Prystaiko, the wife of Ukraine’s ambassador to Britain and actress and director Emerald Fennell, who plays the Duchess in The Crown. In a speech, Camilla thanked “the women and men who have, for decades, fought hard for justice and equality,” and her guests for their “outstanding leadership that inspires women and girls across the globe.” The Duchess also marked the occasion on Instagram. In a joint post from Clarence House and Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, the royals paid tribute to the life and reign of the Queen. The caption read: “In this very special #PlatinumJubilee year, we celebrate Her Majesty The Queen and her historic 70 years of service on #IWD2022.” It continued: “Mother, grandmother, great-grandmother and Head of State, The Queen’s extraordinary reign has been longer than any other monarch in British history - inspiring a nation and dedicating her life to the service of the Commonwealth and its people.” The post included a series of eight images from different decades of her reign, including a rare photograph of the Queen and Camilla. Zoe Forsey, the host of Pod Save the Queen, has since claimed that this photo is in honour of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee message, which put forward her desire for Camilla to become Queen Consort once Charles is king. Speaking on last week’s episode of the podcast, she said: “There was a photo of Camilla and the Queen together, which feels like something they maybe, perhaps wouldn’t have done a couple of months ago. “But obviously, since the Accession Day statement, it felt like an opportunity to put the two of them together in a picture which I thought was lovely.” Prior to the Queen’s announcement, it was understood that Camilla would be called Princess Consort upon Charle’s accession. This was believed to be a move made out of respect for Charles’ first wife, Princess Diana. However, Charles never ruled out the title of Queen for his wife. DON'T MISS:Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim[OPINION]Queen boost as 'string of countries' looked to join Commonwealth[INSIGHT]Prince Harry's security demands assessed: 'Wrong direction'[ANALYSIS] In a 2010 interview with NBC, the Prince of Wales was asked if Camilla would become "Queen of England, if and when you become the monarch.” Charles replied: “That’s, well… We’ll see won’t we? That could be.” The Queen’s announcement stating that it was her “sincere wish” for Camilla to be known as Queen Consort was a hugely significant intervention. The Duchess of Cornwall has said she is "very honoured and very touched" to have been endorsed by the Queen. Charles, in a written message, said he and Camilla were "deeply conscious" of the honour. He said: "On this historic day, my wife and I join you all in congratulating Her Majesty The Queen on the remarkable achievement of serving this nation, the Realms and Commonwealth for seventy years.” Due to recent health concerns, the Queen has taken a step back from in-person royal engagements. Today, Charles stepped in for the monarch at the Commonwealth Day service held at Westminster Abbey. It was also announced that he and Camilla will undertake an important trip during the summer. The royal couple is to travel to Rwanda in June to attend the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM). Confirming their presence at the event, set to take place on June 20 in Kigali, the Prince of Wales released a statement that read: "As the world works to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, and in this Jubilee year, it is more important than ever that the countries of the Commonwealth come together. "As a family of some 2.6 billion people from fifty-four nations across six continents, the Commonwealth represents a rich diversity of traditions, experience and talents which can help to build a more equal, sustainable and prosperous future. "With this shared sense of common purpose, and in view of recent, enforced postponements, my wife and I are delighted to be attending the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, Rwanda, in June."