While directing and acting in the 1989 adaptation of Shakespeare’s Henry V, Sir Kenneth sought the unofficial advice of the future King of England. According to the Telegraph, the distinguished actor wanted to get inside the head of a royal and a friend was able to arrange for him to meet with the Prince of Wales.  Sir Kenneth revealed that the royals acknowledge the privilege they enjoy is “an accident of birth and one that they need to meet by a commitment to serving others”. In an interview on The Hollywood Reporter’s Awards Chatter podcast, he divulged what he had learnt from the heir apparent. He said: “But eventually I met Prince Charles, who was very open, particularly about the burdens of expectations, and the fact of isolation. “And this to me was very interesting.  “It was interesting also to hear how he spoke: very quietly. “People in authority often do. “They don’t need to raise their voices.” Prince Charles noted that people who met him were often “dazzled by the job title” and as a result it was difficult to make a connection.  READ MORE: Prince Charles gives update on Queen's health after Covid Sir Kenneth added that the Prince had to accept there would “always be a separation” when he met those people. He went on: “That does something to somebody’s insides. “It does something to the way they then make decisions about other people’s welfare.  DON'T MISS:Queen’s decision to make Camilla Queen ‘driving wedge’ in Firm [ROYAL NEWS]Prince Charles' blistering attack on Russia invasion of Ukraine- WATCH [REVEAL]Prince Charles savages Putin during heartbreaking trip with Camilla [SPOTLIGHT] “Built in, and I could see it in every fabric of his being, is a sense of duty, a sense of privilege, a sense of sacrifice.” Prince Charles and Sir Kenneth have remained friends throughout the years, as the actor attended his wedding to Camilla Parkes-Bowles in 2005. Sir Kenneth’s latest release, the autobiographical film Belfast, has been the toast of awards season. It has been nominated for seven Oscars, six BAFTAs and won the Golden Globe for Best Screenplay - Motion Picture. 