Today, March 25, the Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Charles carried out a series of engagements in Tipperary, Ireland. The pair visited the cathedral at the Rock of Cashel, spoke to locals at a farmer’s market, and even danced at the Brú Ború centre in Cashel. The Duchess of Cornwall looked ravishing today as she joined Prince Charles for the pair’s fifth Irish tour. Camilla had opted for a green outfit and a special brooch to pay homage to the Irish people. The visit to the Emerald Isle began in Waterford city centre, where the couple met with Ukrainian refugees now living in Ireland. The Prince of Wales addressed the crowd that had gathered in the city, and began his speech in Irish. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Expert shares which foods to eat to get rid of 'stubborn belly fat' Prince Charles often attempts to speak the tongue of the local people of any country he visits, imply-ing that he honours and respects their identity and culture. Camilla, too, honoured the people of Ireland today as she wore an all-green outfit and a Claddagh brooch. The Claddagh is a traditional Irish symbol which usually comes in the form of a ring. The symbol features two hands holding a heart with a crown atop it. DON'T MISS: Women ‘can’t take time off' for gender specific health conditions [HEALTH] Weight gain is ‘very common side effect’ to menopause [EXPERT] Menopause: How to lose weight without not diet or exercise [HELP] The heart represents love, the crown stands for loyalty, and the hands represents friendship. The design originated in the small fishing village of Claddagh in County Galway. Because of its history and what it represents, the Claddagh ring is very popular among people with Irish or Celtic ancestry – reminding them of their roots. However, Camilla’s Claddagh symbol featured on a silver brooch. Although Camilla has worn brooches representing the cultures of other countries before, this is a brooch never seen before on the Duchess. The brooch was circular in shape and silver. The Duchess paired it with a dark green dress, which she wore over a cream blouse with a small Peter Pan collar and subtle ruffles. Camilla has worn this outfit before, often pairing it with boots and a coat. Today, the Duchess donned knee-high black suede boots and a dark green coat with black buttons. The brooch was pinned on the left lapel of her coat. As for earrings, the Duchess of Cornwall opted for gold flowers with tiny dangling pearls. Meanwhile, Charles wore a grey suit with a pale pink tie.