Tottenham have learnt the big price it will take for them to sign a player dubbed the ‘next Alphonso Davies’ but face a problem concerning their fierce rivals Arsenal. Antonio Conte will be seeking to revamp his squad in the summer transfer window after a frustrating start to his time at Spurs. At the top of his shopping list is Djed Spence, who has been starring on loan at Nottingham Forest from Middlesbrough. Spence has been a regular under Steve Cooper since arriving at the City Ground, attracting the attention of a number of top clubs. He has been a revelation for Forest, featuring in all but four games as Cooper has taken the Midlands side from the bottom of the Championship to the edge of the play-offs. Operating from right-back, he has scored two goals and notched three assists in all competitions and played all 90 minutes as Forest claimed an FA Cup upset over the Gunners in the third round. The Englishman’s form has seen Conte make him one of his top targets for the summer window, with Emerson Royal failing to prove he can be the solution at right wing-back. JUST IN: Ex-Arsenal chief 'not concerned' by Tottenham transfer interest But Spurs will be battling against a number of clubs when the window opens, with Spence having attracted at least nine interested suitors. According to Sky Sports Germany, Bayern Munich are one of the frontrunners, with the Bundesliga side said to view him as a player who can follow in Davies’ footsteps. The Canadian was relatively unknown when he arrived at the Allianz Arena, but has gone on to become one of their star players. Spence himself is said to believe he can ‘make a breakthrough’ at Bayern, with talks planned between his representatives and the Bundesliga table toppers for the end of the month. DON'T MISS: Pochettino 'wants Tottenham return' as Man Utd dealt next manager blow (NEWS)Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham battle for star 'vying for England bid' (TRANSFERS)Paul Merson names his Champions League favourites for fourth spot (INSIGHT) Bayern boss Julian Nagelsmann has been searching for a player such as left-back Davies to start on the right, with Davies now viewed as a potential solution. But Bayern are not the only side battling Tottenham for Spence’s signature, with Mikel Arteta also keen to bring the 21-year-old to Arsenal. Whoever signs him though will have to pay out a large fee to Middlesbrough, with the Championship side having realised his potential. It was reported in February that Boro had opted to exercise the one-year extension clause in his contract. That means that Spence will not be available on a free transfer until the summer of 2024 and allows Boro to virtually name their price for the right-back. According to Sky Sport Germany that price will be between £8million and £13million, with no release clause in Spence’s current deal. That is a similar price to that which Bayern paid to Vancouver Whitecaps for Davies back in 2018. With up to nine clubs interested in signing him, Spence is keen to see his next destination decided quickly, with the 21-year-old said to want an answer by May at the latest.