Simon was speaking to Kay Burley on Sky News from Šiauliai in Lithuania. He said Dublin airport was experiencing similar issues to Manchester.  Simon said: “Long queues developing at Manchester, I’m afraid. The airport there says they’ve got lots of staff shortages. “Huge problems with security. One person this morning who got there at about 3am said she got through security in five minutes. “Another person was complaining of waiting hours. The airport said they are trying to get more security staff but they’re just asking (passengers) to get there good and early. “Over in Dublin, there are similar issues. You can’t literally get the staff. You certainly can’t suddenly recruit them and put them on security. READ MORE: Venice gives tourists water pistols to take on seagulls “They’ve all got to be checked of course.” Security staff will need to go through comprehensive checks and training before they can start work. Passengers travelling from Manchester airport have faced chaos recently with travellers queuing through car parks to reach security. Councillor Pat Karney from Manchester City Council, has called for an urgent meeting with shareholders from the airport. He said: “We have to get this right as the reputation is nosediving. We are realistic that the airport was closed down for two years and there will be problems and challenges about getting it back on its feet.” Passengers at Dublin airport have also faced chaotic scenes with hours long queues for check in and security. Travel agents have said that queues will only get worse if additional staff are not hired before the Easter holidays. Manchester airport said staff recruitment was underway but problems had been exacerbated by staff illness. Meanwhile, Simon told Kay that there were lots of bargains to be had flying to Eastern Europe at the moment. Simon said: “There’s an awful lot of people who are being put off travelling to the three Baltic republics (Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia). “But also to Poland, to Romania, to Hungary and to Slovakia. All of them are fantastic destinations and despite the horrific conflict, the Russian war being waged on Ukraine, they’re absolutely safe. “The one problem you might find is that there’s quite a lot of Western soldiers and they’re actually taking up much of the hotel space. “But my goodness, the bargains here. It cost me £8 to fly out here from Luton. I’ve paid nearly twice as much coming back from Tallinn but there’s definitely bargains to be had.” The Russian invasion of Ukraine has put British travellers off holidaying in nearby destinations. However, the Foreign Office does not advise against travel to Lithuania or other nearby destinations. British tourists should make sure to book accommodation ahead of time as hotels may be busier than usual.