Tom Kerridge has become a huge inspiration for many people after he managed to lose a whopping 12 stone by changing his diet and lifestyle. The chef had become swamped in 90-hour work weeks due to his busy career, and soon piled on the pounds. But over the past five years, he has completely turned his life round by sticking to this one very simple rule. Speaking on This Morning following his dramatic weight loss transformation, Kerridge revealed the main issue people struggle with on diets nowadays. "The problem is with diets is that you change your diet and you stick to it for maybe two or three months," he explained. "You've lost a bit of weight, so you go back to what you were doing." READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha weight loss: Diet secret that 'doesn't cost a penny' The TV star went on to unveil how he got around the set-backs of coming away from his diet that helped him shed a significant amount of weight. And it's a key tip for anyone looking to shift some of those extra pounds. "What I did was ditch all the carbs but I wanted to make sure I was eating foods that I could carry on enjoying." He referenced foods that are high in release of amino acids and dopamine. DON'T MISS...Dr Michael Mosley: 'Absolutely vital' micronutrient for weight loss [HEALTH NEWS]Mark Labbett weight loss: How The Chase star dropped 10 stone [PICS]Susanna Reid weight loss: GMB star follows a few very simple tricks [DIET TIPS] Dopamine is a type of neurotransmitters that body sends messages between nerve cells. It plays a huge role in how we feel pleasure and is a big part of our unique human ability to think and plan. Now famed as the Tom Kerridge diet, the dopamine diet has grown in popularity in recent years due to its mood boosting techniques. It is billed as the weight loss regime that makes you happy, because it's all about increasing levels of the "happy hormone" in the brain at the same time as shedding the pounds. The diet includes foods such as: Unprocessed meats Dairy foods Omega-3 rich fish Eggs Fruit and vegetables Nuts such as almonds and walnuts Dark chocolate Most versions of the diet recommend avoiding alcohol, caffeine and processed sugar. Others suggest cutting out or severely restricting starchy carbohydrates. Kerridge urged slimmers to find foods that are "exciting but low carb" in order to keep the weight off.