Arsenal technical director Edu is attempting to build a stronger relationship with neighbours Watford. Mikel Arteta revealed the mission of Edu at his pre-match press conference on Friday ahead of Sunday's trip to Vicarage Road. Arsenal and Watford may be far apart in terms of league position, with the Gunners sixth and the Hornets battling against relegation from the Premier League. But in terms of each club's training grounds, you couldn't get much closer as they are directly next to each other in London Colney. Asked about the closeness of the clubs, Arteta said how he wants the relationship to build and Edu is attempting to do just that. "I think it's great, I think that relationship should be stronger and stronger," Arteta said. TOP STORY: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52  "For example Edu is doing some work on that to build those relationships because we are close. "I think we can help each other in many ways as well and I think it's a positive thing." When asked what that could mean, Arteta hinted at potential future transfer business between the clubs. He responded: "It depends. At least open the relationships and manage more possibilities that we can have with our players, with their players. DON'T MISSBarcelona boss Xavi's game-changing XI next season with three free transfers [OPINION]Man Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]Man Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood [SOCIAL]  "They are next door and we can compete against each other but as well I think it's good to have good relationships and that's the case I think." Arteta confirmed Arsenal only have one injury doubt ahead of Sunday's match. Right-back Takehiro Tomiyasu has not featured since January and continues to be hampered by a calf problem. Watford have confirmed that Kiko Femenia is back available this weekend after missing the draw at Manchester United. But Roy Hodgson has revealed that Ismaila Sarr has suffered a hamstring injury and will miss the at least Sunday's match.  Arteta also revealed his surprise to be coming up against Hodgson again, saying he expected his job at Crystal Palace to be his last. "Well I didn't expect to [come up against him] again because last time I almost said a really meaningful goodbye," Arteta said. "But he's decided to come back and it tells you about the person, how much he loves the game, how much he needs this game. I think it's great to have him back. "Absolutely [I'm surprised he's back] because the last time I spoke to him he seemed pretty convinced. "I thought he was done and he was going to spend some time with his family but that's the beautiful thing about this game. You just need it, to live." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 