The 95-year-old monarch reportedly has no plans to live at Buckingham Palace again after two years at Windsor Castle during the pandemic. But royal expert Richard Eden said the Queen will "keep moving between her other homes". Writing in the Daily Mail, Mr Eden pointed to a vacancy for a housekeeping assistant on the Royal Household website. The advert says the housekeeping assistant will "care for a wide range of interiors". It adds that the role will "involve travelling to other royal residences". Mr Eden's comments come after the Sunday Times reported that the Queen will never live at Buckingham Palace again. It is understood Her Majesty now prefers life at her Berkshire residence. The monarch previously only spent weekends at Windsor Castle, along with the Easter period and a week for Royal Ascot in June. She also enjoys breaks at her Sandringham estate in Norfolk as well as summer at Balmoral Castle in Aberdeenshire. It means Prince Charles and Camilla are set to be the next royals to take up residence at Buckingham Palace, which is undergoing a 10-year renovation, as King and Queen Consort. READ MORE: US fury after Harry 'shows face at American event' Royal author Hugo Vickers said: “Windsor is the place she loves. "She has her memories with Prince Philip there, she has her ponies there and family nearby. It makes sense.” Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson are nearby at Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park. Prince Edward and Sophie are at Bagshot Park in Surrey which is not far from Windsor Castle. DON'T MISSPrincess Anne's latest outing paid sweet tribute to beloved late royal [INSIGHT]'Free of stiff collars' Harry's clear sign he is embracing US freedom [ANALYSIS]Queen tangled in ‘bit of trouble’ after public broadcast: ‘Undermined' [VIDEO] Princess Eugenie, Jack Brooksbank and their son August are staying at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's former Windsor residence Frogmore Cottage. Princess Anne and the Prince of Wales also have residences up the M4 in Gloucestershire. Meanwhile, there have been reports that Prince William and Kate are considering a move to Windsor. The Duchess of Cambridge's parents Carole and Michael Middleton live in the Berkshire village of Bucklebury. The Queen moved to Windsor Castle in 2020 when the coronavirus pandemic kicked off. She spent precious time with her beloved late husband Prince Philip, who had mainly lived at Wood Farm in Sandringham since retiring from royal duties. 