Alisher Tagirovich Morgenshtern, who performs as Morgenshtern, premiered "12" on the platform on Sunday. The video includes a voice message from the mother of his Ukrainian producer who talks about life surviving Russian airstrikes. The video ends with the message: "We want peace. We want friendship." It comes as diplomatic efforts to end the war in Ukraine step up with Ukrainian and Russian negotiators due to talk again after both sides cited progress at the weekend. High-level US officials are also talking to their European and Chinese counterparts although there has been no let up in violence. Russian missiles hit a large Ukrainian base near the border with Nato member Poland on Sunday and bombardments continue around country. A barrage of Russian missiles hit Ukraine's Yavoriv International Centre for Peacekeeping and Security, a base just 15 miles (25 km) from the Polish border.  A Ukrainian official said on Sunday that 35 people were killed and 134 wounded in the attack. Russia's defence ministry said up to 180 foreign mercenaries and a large number of foreign weapons were destroyed. Express.co.uk could not independently verify the casualties reported by either side. Thousands have died since February 24, when Russian President Vladimir Putin launched what he called a special military operation to rid Ukraine of dangerous nationalists and Nazis. More than 750 people have been arrested in cities across Russia for protesting against the invasion which is now in its third week.  READ MORE ABOUT A LIST OF UK NUCLEAR TARGETS The independent monitoring group OVD-Info said police arrested at least 756 people during demonstrations in 37 Russian cities. Russia's parliament passed a law on March 4 making public actions aimed at discrediting Russia's army illegal. The spread of fake news, or the "public dissemination of deliberately false information about the use of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation", was banned. However, Morgenshtern joins TV pundits, who have questioned Moscow's aims in Ukraine, and protesters in challenging Putin's war.  DON'T MISS: US intel warns UK 'in frontline' of Russia nuclear attack [REVEALED] Millionaire using Bentleys in 'Britain's best man cave' legal battle [REPORT] Meghan be hit by bombshell claims as her father launches his own show [LATEST] Fans on YouTube welcomed the 24 year-old's track, with one commenting: "Thank you Alisher for not being silent." Journalist Iris de Graaf tweeted: "Not the biggest fan of @MORGENSHTERH, but this is a brave statement in Putin's Russia." Music artist and Russia's 2021 Eurovision finalist, Manizha, also uploaded a track to YouTube over the weekend entitled Soldier which includes the line: "Stop the war". It was hailed on social media with one Twitter user writing: "Great to see a counterculture rise up in Russia. Music certainly has a potential to make a difference."  YouTube recently blocked access around the world to channels linked with Russian state-funded media. It cited a policy barring content that denies, minimises or trivialises well-documented violent events. The world's most used streaming video service, which is owned by Alphabet Inc's Google, said Russia's invasion of Ukraine now fell under its violent events policy and violating material would be removed. YouTube spokesman Farshad Shadloo said the blocking of the Russian outlets was in line with that policy.  Previously, YouTube had blocked leading Russia state-backed channels RT and Sputnik across Europe. Russian state media has called restrictions placed on them by distributors, including app stores and other social media services, unjustified censorship. Sputnik said in a statement on Friday: "The blocking by YouTube is nothing but a new turn of an atrocious attack on one of the fundamental principles of a democratic society - that is freedom of the press." 