This royal visit to Jamaica painfully proved those two points right. Despite the incredible welcome from locals at the events, the main focus was on what Americans and Europeans said, literally ignoring the screams of support to show cropped images of fences because it fit their narrative best. This is to be expected, what hurt is that so many Jamaicans online played into it. I’m only separated from Jamaica by the Caribbean, and in this sea my ancestors drowned because of colonisers that demanded they didn’t come up for air until they found pearls. I’m acutely aware of the repercussions of slavery and colonisation. I don’t question the resentment that Jamaicans may have on Britain, and while I don’t support the idea of reparations, I understand why Jamaicans want them so earnestly. But one thing is to have foreign voices that sympathise with us, another is that they try to speak for us. Republican sentiment does exist in this region, but to become a republic is a tedious and costly process that results in little change, making it imperative that it's the people who consider with great care if it will be useful or not for their country, and without falling into the trap of thinking this will solve any everyday-life issues. In Jamaica, I watch with concern that the population is being led to believe that choosing a republican system will immediately lead to, for example, reparations over the damages caused by slavery, or issues that are to be solved by the government, not the monarchy. Most concerning, I see that Barbados is shown as a beacon of progressiveness, but they too show how little has changed since they have remained in the Commonwealth despite moving on to be a republic, and that the decision to become a republic was done without consulting the population. As it recovers from a pandemic, you know what Jamaica does need? Money. And tourism is the country’s biggest economic sector. As said by the Belizean and Bahamian governments, this royal visit was the perfect boost for tourism and local businesses, but unlike in those countries, I’m yet to see the first person talk about how they look forward to visiting Jamaica. Most ironically, one of the few opinions that didn’t feel like a lecture this tour was from none other than Prince William, because he stated what was obvious. What’s important for the Commonwealth and the countries that form it is not who leads it or the involvement of the Royal Family within it, but the benefits that this union gives to its members. This royal visit hurt Jamaica’s reputation when this was a chance for Jamaicans to promote their country on a global stage. It’s disheartening how so few people realise that. In the Caribbean, we're not rude, and we may be a little loud, but we're not resentful. We're a warm welcoming region with our own ideas, goals, dreams, and troubled past. We cannot let foreign blue checks on Twitter make you think that they can speak unanimously for us. Vanessa Sánchez is a royal commentator and podcaster who has been following the royals for over a decade and leads the Cambridgemadness Instagram account.