And a “double depletion” impact of falling stock market values – combined with an increasing need for more cash to cover living costs – will make it harder for pensioners to stretch their savings into old age. Becky O’Connor, head of pensions and savings at Interactive Investor, said: “For retirees, watching the value of a pension pot going up and down is like watching a bank balance rising and falling without you having done anything at all. Scary, in other words.” Some experts predict energy bills could skyrocket to as much as £3,000, which is dire news for pensioners. And they face a cut in spending power, with inflation tipped to surge above eight percent while the state pension increases by just 3.1 percent in April. The amount of money savers are withdrawing increased to £1,927 from £1,785 across January and February – a rise of eight percent. The January pension withdrawal average of £1,945 was up 25 percent on the long-run average for the month of £1,559. Average February drawdowns were £1,910 compared with £1,787, over the previous four years. At the same time, the average value of a pension with Interactive Investors fell by 8.9 percent from £321,512 at the end of December to £293,013 at the end of February. By March 10, this had fallen to £284,230. Ms O’Connor added: “For those who are in drawdown, investments are their income. “Not only do older people face a disproportionate impact – because of the greater than average proportion they spend on essentials such as energy and food – they are also more exposed to the slings and arrows of global stock market fortunes. “What we are likely to see is retired people paying more attention than ever to that fine balance between withdrawing what they need and keeping enough in the pot to sustain them for their whole retirement.” Energy price cap rises in April will push bills up by an average £693 as a result of record high global wholesale gas prices. This is a hike of 54 percent and households on default tariffs are set to see their bills jump to £1,971. Gas prices may rise even further following the invasion of Ukraine. ------------------------------------------------ News that people’s pension fund withdrawals have risen sharply in recent months may represent a danger signal for the future. As the cost of essentials, such as food and heating, go through the roof, people need higher incomes just to cover their basic bills. But, with pay rises lagging well behind the current 30-year record high inflation rates, many workers will be searching for other ways simply to make ends meet. It is hardly surprising, therefore, to see people taking more money from their pension funds. But it is worrying because private pensions are meant to support people in retirement, not top up their current earnings. Coupled with latest labour market news showing more than half a million over-50s have left the workforce since the pandemic began, the signs are deeply concerning. Higher pension withdrawals now risk rising pensioner poverty and lower long-term growth. Of course, having private pensions to fall back on before reaching the ever-rising state pension age is helpful short-term. But spending more of their pension savings now just to keep up with accelerating inflation, increases the likelihood of exhausting their retirement fund. The Government needs to urgently investigate what is happening to these pension savings, help more over-50s back to work if they want to, and encourage people to build their funds back up again. The sooner the Government gets to grips with inflation, the better for us all.