 Sean Astin, who played Bob Newby, served as a stable relationship for Joyce Byers (played by Winona Ryder) in season two of Stranger Things. Working as the manager at the town's local Radio Shack, Bob became a major character before meeting his tragic fate and was mauled to death in front of her by a juvenile Demogorgon. However, since his departure from the Netflix show, Sean has now landed a new TV role, working with Dwayne Johnson.   NBC has confirmed that Sean Astin will be joining the cast of season two of Young Rock. The former Stranger Things star will appear as a recurring character on the show, playing Dwayne's old childhood nemesis, Dr Julian Echo. The entire show is set in the framework of the WWE star telling his life story as he is running for President of the United States. Dwayne’s life is captured from his childhood in Hawaii to playing college football to sharing his father’s dream of becoming a professional wrestler. READ MORE:Antiques Roadshow guest refuses to sell father’s Rolex watch  Sean’s character arrives just before election day in an attempt to ruin Dwayne’s name, hoping to destroy his presidential bid. The 51-year-old actor is perhaps better known for playing Samwise Gamgee in Peter Jackson’s Lord Of The Rings trilogy and Mikey Walsh in The Goonies. Arlyn Broche (Ballers) will also join Sean in the cast of Young Rock season two as Dwayne’s ex-wife, Dany Garcia. Speaking about the new season, Dwayne teased: “Well our 2032 era of season two picks up, well really, right where season one left off which is the final two weeks of my presidential campaign.   “Things are rolling along as well as can be [when] an unwelcome wrinkle, if you will, comes back from my past and starts to really jeopardise my campaign.” The 49-year-old wrestler explained the difficulties actors are faced with when attempting to perform as a cage fighter for the first time in front of the cameras. “There’s a reason why it takes years for somebody to learn how to become a professional wrestler and then years after that to really fine-tune your craft,” he told ET Canada. “These actors are doing it the best they can. We have Chavo Guerrero, who’s doing a tremendous job as our wrestling coordinator.    “The key with this is to really make sure that the actors look legit and the actors looked like they knew what they were doing,” he said. Dwayne stars as himself, while Uli Latukefu plays the leading star from the age of 18-20, then Bradley Constant takes the reins at the age of 15, and Adrian Groulx at age 10. Meanwhile, other stars include Joseph Lee Anderson, Stacey Leilua, Ana Tuisila, Fasitua Amosa, John Tui and Matthew Willig in the show. Johnson and Garcia are also producers. With season one becoming the most-watched sitcom on NBC during 2021, fans knew a second outing would be on the cards.   Adrian Groulx, who plays the youngest Rock, took on a wrestling scene that viewers will see in a season opener. The young starlet gushed over the experience, saying: “Even while they were practising, it was like the best thing ever. I had so much fun, even before we got to the part of Dewey doing his wrestling bit." How exactly the Stranger Things star's introduction to the comedy series will play out remains to be seen. Young Rock season 2 begins on NBC in the USA on March 15, 2022. 