Western officials have become increasingly worried that the Kremlin might resort to chemical warfare in a bid to overcome the fierce resistance its troops have faced after Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Russian troops are struggling to achieve key military objectives, with their invasion "largely stalled on all fronts", according to UK intelligence sources. Claims of a chemical weapons plot from Putin come after the Russian Defence Ministry accused Kyiv and Washington of planning to use chemical or biological weapons against their forces last week. The US strenuously denied the accusation and officials now say they believe it was a crude attempt from Moscow to justify using a similar attack against Ukrainians. One told journalists: “We do believe that we should be on the lookout for Russia to possibly use chemical or biological weapons." Now Ukrainian commanders defending the city of Mariupol claim that their invaders could target factories with ammonia containers to create "one of the biggest chemical catastrophes in the world". The fear centres on a shell or bomb striking ammonia storage containers, which could create highly toxic chlorine gas. A Ukrainian unit commander in Mariupol, who goes by the name Kirt, said: "They use airstrikes, triple rocket launch strikes to destroy schools, hospitals and also they try to destroy tubs of chemicals inside the factories." The city is being defended by the Azov regiment, an ultranationalist militia.  A video shot by a one of their soldiers in an abandoned factory in the city showed three barrels, believed to contain the dangerous chemical. He said: "Here's the building where it is stored. We have found three barrels here. Everything is in the three of these. "The building is fitted with iron sheets but it is clear it is just for looks - one barrel, two barrel and the third one under the ground level. "The barrels are slightly mangled, but who the f*** knows whether they leak or not. "This one's definitely banged up, second one damaged too. There is a possibility that they are empty. But we were told that they are filled with ninety tons. READ MORE: Putin sparks EU panic as shortage of key materials force car plants "Around us is an iron fence with 'Danger! Ammonia' written on it. And that's f***ing it. If a plane hits this building, everything's toast." Express.co.uk contacted a security expert to try and verify the claims that Russia is trying to target factories to create a de facto chemical attack. Glen Grant, a defence expert at Baltic Security Foundation, said: "I have not heard about this at all. But this would not surprise me. "As they lose the initial combat stage, which they have, they will resort more and more to atrocities and to national destruction." The port city of Mariupol has been under fierce Russian bombardment for weeks, resulting in the deaths of many civilians. The city has two large steel plants belonging to Rinat Akhmetov, Ukraine's richest man. DON'T MISS new warning to West and the oligarch 'scum traitors' [REVEAL]Putin invasion in tatters as Russian tanks decimated [SPOTLIGHT]UK just made Ukrainian skies much deadlier place for Putin’s pilots [ANALYSIS] The plants contain hazardous materials including ammonia. The ammonia, however, has been moved from one of the factories. Chief Executive Officer Yuriy Ryzhenkov told Bloomberg: "If a bomb or a rocket hits an operating plant there is a very high risk of a technological catastrophe, because there are lots of hazardous materials used in the production." Back in 2018, pro-Russian separatist forces alleged that the Ukrainian military had delivered a large amount of containers storing ammonia to a canning factory in Mariupol. Daniil Bezsonov told the website dan-news.info: “Large quantities of containers storing a toxic agent, supposedly ammonia, have been amassed on the premises of the canning factory on Torgovaya Street in central Mariupol. "Eye-witnesses said the military had brought them from the city’s metallurgical plant.”