Faye (played by Ellie Leach) and Craig (Colson Smith) have been brought back together in recent scenes on Coronation Street after the former took a pregnancy test and it came back positive. At the moment, they've agreed to keep their baby news a secret as they want to take some time to enjoy building their little family together. However, official soap spoilers for upcoming scenes on the ITV drama will see them make a rush to the hospital and it's here they discover some vital information about the pregnancy. The drama begins next week as they discover Emma Brooker (Alexandra Mardell) is dating the grandson of the man she and Faye killed earlier this year. This worries the expectant mother as she believes Jon Spear (Jordan Ford Silver) will discover their death secret and the women will end up going to jail. If this were to happen, Faye could kiss goodbye to building a family with Craig, who would also be in trouble after he tampered with evidence linking his partner to the crime. It's not long after meeting Jon, Faye starts to think she is having a miscarriage and she experiences some symptoms. Needing some reassurance, she and Craig rush to the hospital and they have an appointment with a sonographer to see what's happening. READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security They are both anxious as they wait to hear what the scan will reveal, wondering if their dreams of a family have already been dashed. After having a look, the sonographer delivers some unexpected news to the couple and they are both left shocked by what they're told. It could be the pair have actually conceived twins, meaning they are going to have their hands full with two children to look after. Although it's not what they were expecting to hear, they could be excited at the prospect of having little feet running around. With both of their families living on the cobbles, they will have plenty of support to help them with child care and when they need some well-needed rest. After their appointment has finished, the couple return to Weatherfield and they head to the bistro for what seems to be a celebration lunch. Again, they are keeping the pregnancy a secret and so they would have to keep the update on the down-low for the time being. The only person who knows about the baby is Emma, who finds her friend on the bathroom floor when she thinks she is having a miscarriage. She hopes the quirky character will be able to stay quiet about the couple's news but Emma could blurt it out before she makes her exit from the show next week. Will Faye and Craig shock their families with the news they're having twins and will they be supportive of the pair having a baby, let alone two? DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT]From Weatherfield to Man About The House: Paula Wilcox's TV journey [ANALYSIS]Dame Maureen Lipman: Star turned to therapy to help with grief [COMMENT] There has been no discussion over the years as to whether either of the pair has twins in their family, meaning this would be a complete surprise. The last time there was a multiple birth on the show, Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell) had quadruplets with her partner, Chesney Brown (Sam Aston). It was the arrival of the Alahan children in 2006 which was when the last set of twins was born on the show. News of a multiple birth could also be a huge thing for Faye, who has already given birth when she was just 13-years-old. Faye gave up her daughter for adoption when she was born so will she think having twins is her second chance at happiness? The actress who plays Faye, Ellie, offered some positive updates on her character's relationship with Craig when she spoke with Express.co.uk and other media earlier this year. Despite the pair having their struggles over the past few months, the soap star is keen for them to stay together in the future. Ellie explained: "I love working with Colson; he’s my best mate at work, and we always have a laugh. “I really do hope that Craig and Faye can stay together, and I know they’ve been through a lot and still come this far. "So I’m hoping that they can carry on the relationship and kind of put things behind them," the actress continued. Taking to Twitter, viewers have reacted to the couple's new storyline with Conversation Street writing: "Craig and Faye trying to make a go of it with a baby. So sweet but obviously a horrendous idea if you’re in a soap!" Soap Theories posted: "'Faye and Craig are told some news about their baby’ twins? #Corrie." Saqlain commented: "I don't know if I can see Faye keeping this baby, but maybe I could be wrong I mean she was 12/13 the first time, maybe she's grown up #corrie." "Christmas baby for Faye then #Corrie," Penny stated on the social media platform. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.